



THE WAY TO PARADISE
Celesta Thiessen






Copyright 2014 Celesta Thiessen











Dedication

This book is dedicated to my supportive, encouraging, patient, super-awesome husband without whom it would not have been possible. Thanks for taking care of the kids and giving me days off to write. I was born to need you! Walking in the light with you is healing me. You’re my best friend forever!

I also want to dedicate this book to For King & Country whose music I had playing on loop while writing this story. Your poignant creativity inspires me. Hope is what we crave. Light it up!





Prologue – Earth, Ninety Years From Now

The director of the military space program, Donald Wicksen, had dropped by unannounced and was now standing in the large shop belonging to the James Beckett Corporation. “We need you.”
“What? For what?” James Beckett was counting on having some time off now, after finally completing the project. The ship was finished after seven long years. Beckett was the chief engineer. The government had contracted his company to do the work. What do they want now? The ship was perfect. Beckett had seen to that. He really didn’t like the sound of this. And his apprehension was totally justified.
“We need you to go with the crew on this mission.”
“I’m not trained for that.” At 6’4”, James was a little taller than the balding, white-haired director, so he found himself looking down at him.
“You built the ship. We need you there with them. What if something goes wrong?”
“Don, I’ve worked the sims backwards and forwards.” He ran a hand through his brown curly hair as he tried to hold back his frustration. “On a trip to Mars, the chance of something going wrong is so small it’s not even worth mentioning. The trip will take less than a day. The back-ups for the back-up systems have back-ups. There is multiple redundancy built into every single component.”
The director looked down at his shiny black shoes and took a deep breath. “They’re not going to Mars.”
“What? Where are they going?” Beckett asked incredulously.
“To a planet orbiting a star in the constellation Lyra, 1200 light years from Earth.”
“The ship hasn’t been designed for that! It might not be able to survive such a trip!”
“You knew this was just a test flight and the ship would ultimately go a lot farther.”
“Yes, but 1200 light years?! On her maiden voyage?”
“That’s why we need you to go, to hold her together.”
“Even storage and recycling for water and air would be a significant problem. The ship will need modifications.”
“You’ll have to make the changes in short order.”
“Even if the ship could make it that far, I’m not at all convinced that we’d be able to get back. 1200 light years…” Beckett mused. “That’s far. Too far. Mars is only 54.6 million km from Earth when we’re at the closest point. That’s way less than one light year away. I don’t think this new plan is feasible. We won’t even have communication with Earth because the star drive uses the fastest transportation technology that we’ve ever developed. Our faster-than-light text file transfer is only the same speed. It would take months to get a message back to you. And, besides the communication issue, it’ll take approximately seven months for the ship to get to that planet! That’s just too long in space.”
“It’s a risk we have to take. We’ve found life. Alien life.”
This revelation stopped Beckett cold. He stared into the director’s eyes. He wasn’t joking around and he wasn’t lying. “Are you sure? What kind of life?”
“Yes, we’re sure. They’ve sent us a message.”
“Really? Intelligent life? A message?”
“Audio.” Wicksen pulled out his phone and tapped the screen. The audio started playing. It sounded like a man’s voice.
“Greetings to the people of Earth. We have known of your kind for some time. We would like to meet. We believe The One Who Is will bless this meeting. We could come to you or you could come to us. Which would you prefer? We have sent you a star chart with our location. Please reply at your earliest convenience.”
“The aliens sure seem to know English pretty well. Is this legit?”
“The message came from the stars, from the Lyra constellation,” Wicksen replied. “Our Satellite Kepler picked up the signal. The message did come from deep space. There’s no way that signal could have originated from Earth.” 
“Did you reply?”
“Yes. We sent a text file in a faster-than-light beam. But our scientists tell me that it will take months for the message to get there.”
“So you told them that we’d come to them?” Beckett asked.
“Yes.” 
“Why? Wouldn’t it be easer and safer to let them come to us?”
“It would be much too dangerous to let them come here. What if they brought an invasion force?”
Beckett snorted. “I don’t think they’d ask permission if they were planning an invasion. Perhaps you’ve been watching too many science fiction movies?” 
Wicksen frowned. “Nevertheless, we will go to them to assess their danger to the human race. Can I count on you to be part of the team?”
“The ship was not designed for such a journey,” Beckett repeated. “And if I don’t go…I don’t think the ship can make it. The crew will die.”
“I will send them - with or without your participation. The future of the human race is at stake.”
Beckett sighed and rubbed his palm across his eyes. He was tired. He’d put so much into this project. So much for my time off. He couldn’t let the crew endure such risk. He couldn’t let them die when he was in a position to help. They needed him. “How soon?”
“The Crave will be lifting off next week. I’ll need you to come with me now for a briefing.”
“Now? Wait…you called the ship ‘Crave’?”
“It wasn’t my decision. Yes. Now.”
“What about Explorer or something?”
“There’s already been a ship with that name. Let’s go.” Relief welled up inside Wicksen, though he gave no outward sign of it. He hadn’t needed to tell Beckett everything. It would be better this way.
“No time like the present,” Beckett muttered and followed the director through the building, out into the parking lot.

***

The two men strode down the white corridor towards the briefing room.
“And what do you suppose they meant by ‘The One Who Is’?” the director asked him.
“God, I guess,” Beckett suggested.
“Hmm…Maybe. You’re the religious sort, aren’t you?” Wicksen asked, though he already knew the answer.
“Yes, I suppose you’d say that.”
“Glad to have you on the team. Maybe you’ll be able to decipher any superstitious mumbo-jumbo from the aliens.”
Beckett would have objected to that remark but they had reached the meeting room and everyone else was already there. He looked over the people in the room. 
“These are the three crewmembers who will be going on this mission with you,” explained Wicksen. They all wore navy blue military uniforms. Wicksen made the introductions. “This is Second Pilot Willard Chase.” He indicated a shorter Caucasian man with a receding hairline, brown eyes and hair. The men shook hands. Chase’s grip was a little too firm, as if the man had something to prove.
“Hello, nice to meet you,” said Beckett. 
“Hello,” said Chase. His eyes shifted away after the one word.
Beckett got an uneasy feeling about the man. He was someone Beckett would not have hired to work for him. He sensed that the man had secrets. 
“Officer Keron Jones.” Beckett had to look up at the next man. Jones was a well-muscled giant, of mixed ethnicity, with a darker skin tone. 
“Hello,” said Beckett. They shook hands. The taller man just gave one nod of his head. But he didn’t have a painful vice-grip like Chase had. Jones would be all right to work with. Beckett noticed a small metal crucifix hanging from a short chain around the man’s thick neck. It was surprising the military tolerated it. Most outward symbols of religion were now prohibited in offices of public service. Jones saw him looking and, when Wicksen turned away to introduce the next person, Jones tucked the crucifix under his shirt and patted his chest once before dropping his hand to his side. 
“This is Captain Calista Zarah, the pilot and commanding officer for this mission.” Beckett turned and saw one of the most beautiful faces he had ever seen. Auburn hair and almond-shaped, sea green eyes set in a lovely face of a slightly darker skin tone than his own. He studied her. She was, perhaps, partially of Asian descent. 
Zarah noticed him staring. So this was James Beckett, the brilliant engineer and entrepreneur. He had soft-looking, curly brown hair and deep brown eyes. And he was grinning. Despite his genius, he would be controllable, she concluded. Though he would be part of the crew, he wasn’t military. But she’d be able to handle the situation – make sure he didn’t find out before it was time. Maybe he’d never need to know, hopefully. He seemed nice, if a little spacy. 
Despite the captain’s serious demeanor, Beckett continued to smile as she walked towards him. She held out her hand. Her grip was firm but her hand was much smaller than his. 
“Calista,” he said, smiling dreamily.
“Captain Zarah,” she corrected.
“Yes, of course. Captain Zarah. I’m James Beckett,” he replied. She was almost a foot shorter than he was. He liked looking down at her. Grinning, he realized that he had held onto her hand for a fraction too long.
“Down to business,” said the director, brushing past him. “The ship has been designed to hold a crew of four. Beckett, you will be taking the place of the scientist for this trip, so you will be required to conduct any necessary experiments as well as the repairs.”

***

The morning air was cool as Beckett looked out over the city from the launch-base grounds. It was fall. What few trees there were had lost their leaves and the grass had all turned brown. In the valley below, skyscrapers made of metal and glass rose into the sky, along with black smoke from factories and ongoing riots. The city of Valor – a new name for an old place. It didn’t matter how many times they changed the name. This poor old city was suffering – and her people too. But this place, this little corner of the world, was in his heart. It was where he had grown up, where he had chosen to live even though he could afford to move somewhere nicer.
Advanced technology had done a lot of good but also a lot of harm. Valor and, indeed, most places in the world, looked like cities in the dystopian movies from a hundred years ago. But he wouldn’t lose hope. There was still beauty here, if one cared to look for it. Surely there would also be beauty on the alien planet, which was to be their destination. God, the creator of all, must have made that planet too. 
But Beckett needed to protect the crew. He needed to concentrate on that. It was his responsibility now. “God, please help me,” he whispered into the cool wind. 
Beckett knew that this might be the last time he would see Valor - the last time he’d see Earth. He tried to tell his heart that he might be saying goodbye forever. He had to be ready to not come back, if that’s what it took to protect the others. But deep down, he felt that he would see it again. This mission wasn’t all God wanted from him. There would be something more. 
Leaves crunched behind him. It was Jones. Beckett looked up at the taller man as he came to stand beside him. Then they surveyed the city together in silence. 
Jones knew, with certainty, that this was the last time he would see his home. He finally spoke, still looking out over Valor. “It was my grandmother’s,” he said as he pulled the crucifix out from under his shirt to rest on top of the blue fabric of his uniform. “Do you believe?” He held the metal pendant again for a moment.
“Yes.”
“I do too. But not Chase or Zarah.” He touched the crucifix absently as he looked out over the city. “I don’t think you heard the full audio. There’s something Wicksen didn’t tell you.”
“What didn’t he tell me?”
Jones let go of the pendant as he turned to face Beckett. “The aliens. They asked to see a Bible. That’s how I got chosen for this mission. I’m religious. ” Their eyes met.
“Why would Wicksen keep that from me?”
“Don’t know. There’s something else too but I can’t tell you now. Just a heads up. Stay alert. Bring your Bible. And pray. I think this is going to get interesting.” With that, Jones turned away and walked slowly back towards the compound.

***

The four of them were strapped into the control module of the ship. Zarah and Chase were in the front with Jones and Beckett in the two seats behind them. Ten seconds to launch. The countdown blared through the speakers. Beckett had never been in space before. Some wealthy folk went up into space as a hobby but, personally, he had never seen the point. As the countdown approached liftoff, he squeezed the armrests of his chair and tried to calm himself with positive self-talk. Over the past week, he had participated in dozens of takeoff, weightlessness and touchdown sims and exercises. His body would be accustomed to the pull of the extra Gs during takeoff. In all the crazy, spinning rides they had put him through, he had not thrown up. I don’t get seasick. I’ll be fine. And he didn’t have to worry about safety. I built this ship. She’s in perfect condition. Everything will go according to plan and even if not… God holds everything in His hands so…I have nothing to worry about. The cockpit was silent as hundreds of tons of fuel ignited. The rockets fired, propelling the ship slowly upwards. Once they were free of Earth’s atmosphere, they would engage the star engines. The crewmembers were pushed down firmly in their seats. Beckett felt like he had difficultly breathing but he knew the feeling wouldn’t last long. He took shallow breaths. With a final upward thrust, the ship cleared the atmosphere. They were weightless, held down only by their shoulder harnesses.
The artificial gravity had to be manually engaged after takeoff. Manual controls kept things simple. And simpler meant safer. Beckett slipped out of the shoulder restraints and moved towards the hatch at the back of the control module. 
“I’m going to engage the gravity.”
Zarah didn’t say anything. Beckett floated down the narrow hall, shimmying from handhold to handhold. He found the correct panel and opened it. 
Captain Zarah floated out into the hall behind him. “The course is set. Ship’s on autopilot. We should be reaching our destination in seven months time,” said Zarah. Chase floated out into the hall behind her.
“Great.” Beckett smiled. “Do you want to help me get this artificial gravity going?” he asked, as the captain observed him.
“Now, why would I want to do that? Not my job description.”
“To be friendly?” Beckett suggested.
“If you think we’re going to be friends, you’d better think again. I’m your boss, not your friend. I don’t have friends.” Zarah brushed past him in the narrow corridor. In truth, Zarah did want to linger in the hall and watch him or even help. She was drawn to the lanky brainiac. He was nice and he seemed genuine. But that was the worst kind of all. She had to keep her head – needed to be in control. 
Beckett stared after the captain, trying to figure out what he had said to upset her. Chase slid by, snickering. 
“Burned.”


Chapter 1 - Almost Seven Months Later

“Move! I need to put the fire out!” Captain Zarah shouted over the blaring of the ship’s fire alarm. She stood in the ship’s narrow corridor, holding a fire extinguisher, as the smoke grew thicker. 
“No, it’s not safe. Let me do it!” said Beckett, blocking her way into the engine room.
“This ship needs you! We can’t complete this mission without you. Second Pilot Chase becomes captain if I don’t make it. No one can replace you! You’re wasting precious time and atmosphere.” She felt angry enough to hit him but, because of his greater size, to make him collapse she’d have to really damage him. And she needed him fully functional.
“Let me do it,” he tried to insist, reaching to pull the fire extinguisher from her.
This entrepreneur-engineer just wasn’t any good at taking orders! She wrenched the metal canister away from his grasping fingers. “Look, Beckett, the engines are offline. I need to put out the fire so you can get the engines back up or we won’t be able to stop in time. We won’t be able to stop at all. I’m the captain. It’s my call. I’m going in. Now get out of the way, I know what I’m doing.” Zarah saw her words had punctured his bravado as his shoulders sagged. She pushed past. 
Not bothering with the safety goggles, squinting, she moved forward, holding her breath as hot smoke billowed around her. She held the fire extinguisher in front of her, hoping that she would see the flames through the smoke. The smell of burning plastic was overwhelming and her eyes stung so that she could hardly see. But she could do this. Had to. Fire flared up on her left. Zarah pivoted. She activated the fire extinguisher, spraying suppressive foam in that direction. A spurt of flames leapt towards her head. With a gasp, she ducked and then aimed the spray at the base of the fire. As the flames were beaten back, Zarah moved forward, crouching to avoid the worst of the smoke. She sprayed out the suppression foam until the canister was empty. The overhead fans began to clear the fumes. The fire was out. 
Once she was sure the danger had passed, she called to Beckett, “All clear!” He came into the engine room to assess the damage. “How bad is it?” Zarah asked. The klaxon stopped sounding, bringing sudden silence to the room. 
He took a few minutes before speaking, unfastening and then looking underneath the paneling. Zarah clung to the empty canister and watched him. She pressed her lips closed in a tight line, pushing away the anxiety as she waited for his reply. Damage from a shipboard fire could spell the end for all of them. 
“It’s fixable,” he concluded finally.
“Good. Will you be able to repair it in time to stop the ship’s momentum so we don’t overshoot the planet?” She played it cool, not letting her anxiety show. 
“Yes, if I get it fixed by the end of shift today, it won’t be a problem. We left ourselves enough margin.”
“Get to it, then,” Zarah snapped.
As she was leaving, Beckett called out to her, “If I get this done in time, I think we should celebrate.”
“Celebrate what?”
He smiled and looked at her. “Being alive.”
She considered for a moment. Probably a bad idea. I don’t want to encourage him but…aww…he looks so hopeful. Beckett was consistently kind and he seemed…protective. Even the way he had wanted to put the fire out. “Alright, you’re on. Get it fixed in time and we’ll celebrate.” Zarah strode out the door.
Beckett took his time with the repairs. It was important to get them right. She had said yes to a friendly overture. That was a first.
The constant darkness of space was overwhelming. After seven months on the ship, Crave seemed an appropriate name after all. To see the sun again. To feel the closeness of family. Even to hear the idle chatter of friends and acquaintances. Beckett craved them all. Captain Zarah was so closed. Even after all this time, they weren’t really friends. Jones and Chase weren’t much better. He didn’t have anyone to talk to. It was boring and lonely, with only the repairs to keep his mind occupied. But maybe that was going to change now. It would be just Zarah and him for their little celebration dinner. Jones and Chase were both on sleep cycle now. Hopefully, Zarah would like the food. He would make her dinner - a special celebration because they were both still alive. Maybe they’d get to talking. Maybe he’d finally see her smile.
After the repairs were finished, he worked at preparing their celebration dinner. They usually just ate the pre-packaged stuff but, tonight, he had concocted something special. Beckett laughed to himself. Usually he was a pretty good cook. This meal, however, he wasn’t so sure about. He had precious little to work with. 
But, as it turned out, the food wasn’t to be the main event of the evening anyway.
After dinner, the two of them lingered at the table in the small dining compartment. Calista Zarah felt relaxed in a way she hadn’t felt for years. This man across from her - she felt she could trust him. 
James Beckett studied the woman before him. He couldn’t stop himself from looking. She was so beautiful and so intriguing. Auburn hair and almond shaped eyes of a startling green. Her expression was indecipherable. He wondered what she was thinking.
“What would you do if you could do anything you wanted? Would you be here, on this spaceship?” he asked.
“No. I don’t want to be here. I never wanted this mission. I’d rather be where the action is. I was assigned this task. So here I am.” 
“So, where would you be if you could be anywhere right now?”
Zarah studied the man before her. She liked him and suddenly wished they could have fun together. “I would want to take you to the fair.”
“The fair?” he echoed, his eyebrows raised.
“Yes. You know, rides, walking around and over-priced food. The Valor Fair.”
“I like rides,” he said, smiling. The smile reached his brown eyes. Zarah really wished they were at the fair. She had a sudden urge to touch his curly hair. 
She swallowed and then spoke instead. “Me too. Rollercoasters especially.”
“Love rollercoasters.” It was like they could gaze into each other’s eyes forever.
“And then we could go swimming with the dolphins,” she said.
“Swimming with the dolphins? That’s one you’d have to do on your own.”
“Why? You wouldn’t want to swim with dolphins?”
“Nope.” He took a swig of his drink.
“Why not?”
“Just wouldn’t want to.”
“You scared of animals or something?”
“No.”
“Just not very interested?”
“It’s not that. Animals fascinate me. It’s…”
“What?” Her green eyes were piercing, even though a smile played on her lips. 
She’s smiling! He smiled back. “I can’t swim.” He looked down at the table and laughed. “Guess I have an irrational fear of water.”
“It’s not irrational if you can’t swim. Maybe I’d take you to a pool and teach you. What would you think of that?”
Beckett laughed again. His soft brown eyes met her gaze and she felt a warm connection between them. “Guess that’d be okay.”
“It’s settled then.” Zarah took the last sip of her drink and patted her lips with a napkin.
“So it’s a date? For when we get home?” He smiled at her across the table.
A wave of fear swelled inside her. She waved her hand. “Let’s not talk about that. This is just…playing pretend.”
“Sorry if I was presumptuous, Captain Zarah,” he said more formally.
She took a deep breath. “Let’s just not talk about it anymore.”
“Okay.”
Zarah stood and stretched, then flexed her neck from side to side while trying to massage her shoulder muscle. She saw him watching her. “Just a little sore. Think I overdid it with my workout yesterday.”
“Here, let me help.” He stood and circled around the table, stopping behind her. Putting his large hands down on her shoulders, he pressed his powerful thumbs into her back, probing and then kneading out the sore spots.
His strong grip made fear rise up in her a little. But she let him do it. His touch felt so good. Especially where his hands touched the bare skin on her neck. She felt like moaning in delight but instead just said, “Thanks. Feels really good.” After a few minutes, his hands dropped away. She turned to face him. He was standing so close. The emotions that she had been pushing away rushed to the surface.
She was standing so close, her body only inches away from his. She was so beautiful. But she was the captain and, what’s more, they had been told that they were to have no relationships of an intimate nature. Not that they would, of course. She didn’t come from a faith background and, obviously, they weren’t married. There wouldn’t be any intimacy going on here. It was just a friendly massage; that was all.
So close. It frightened but thrilled her at the same time. She was the captain and he was under her command. It was against protocol. But protocol didn’t mean much to her at this particular moment. She reached up and slipped her hands around the back of his head and neck and drew him even nearer. Their lips touched. She closed her eyes. He didn’t pull away.
He saw what was going to happen and he let it. Her lips were soft and warm and her hands on his neck sent a thrill down his spine. His hands were still at his side - he didn’t know what to do with them. Her kiss was like an enchantment. He couldn’t think.
She felt his hands come to rest on her upper arms and shoulders in a loose embrace. He was kissing her back, his lips moving with hers. The reciprocation lit a blaze inside her. She slipped one hand down, under his arm, around to his back. She pulled him closer until they were pressed up against each other.
Guilt and desire battled within him. What was he doing? He couldn’t do this. He dropped his arms but couldn’t force himself to pull away. The need was too strong. He didn’t know what to do with his hands again, so, finally, he clasped them awkwardly behind his back. She pulled away, mid-kiss, stepping back. He stumbled half a step towards her, he’d been leaning in so much. There was hurt in her clear green eyes.
“What’s wrong?” she asked.
“We’re not supposed…”
“Fine then,” she snapped, cutting him off. She whirled away and walked quickly from the dining area. It had been a mistake, letting him get so close.
Beckett just stared at the metal door that slid closed behind her. He had not meant to hurt her. It had been his first kiss. He had been planning to save his first kiss for his future wife. But Zarah…she wanted him…needed him…or she had, anyway. It had been so beautiful. She was so beautiful. He had to make sure that never happened again.

***

The four crewmembers were strapped in their seats in the control module.
“We’ve achieved a stable orbit,” said Chase.
The planet below them was green with swirls of white, like a giant, shiny marble. After seven long months, they were eager to see something besides the distant stars. The small yellow sun of this system bathed the ship in a bright white light. They stared out the cockpit window at the alien world, huge beneath them.
Zarah tapped the keys while she spoke. “I’m sending a text to Earth to let them know we’ve arrived.” The faster-than-light text file would take seven months to reach Earth. 
“Here goes,” said Zarah. She flipped a switch, turning on the audio transmitter. “This is Captain Zarah on the human ship, Crave, come at your request. We have just achieved a stable orbit around your planet. Please advise where we should land our ship.”
Over the last seven months, they had discussed landing the ship more times than Beckett cared to count. The ship had been designed to land on the planet Mars. This planet was much larger - a little bigger than Earth. The gravity would be greater here, because of the planet’s greater mass. But even after such a long journey, Beckett was confident that the ship would be able to make a safe landing. And, as they had no lander or other options, landing the Crave was really their only choice. However, Beckett wasn’t as sure that the ship would be able to make escape velocity to take off from the planet. The long trip had taken its toll on the ship systems and the planet had significant gravity. They might not be able to leave. That worried Beckett. The aliens certainly would have the advanced technology to help them fix or tweak the ship, if they were inclined to do so. And that was a big if. He couldn’t keep the crew safe if he couldn’t get them off the planet quickly, in the event that something went wrong. But there was nothing to do for it now but wait and see.
A more immediate concern was what they’d be going down into. Would it be a breathable atmosphere or would the environment be toxic for them?
“What’s it like down there?” asked Jones, as if reading Beckett’s thoughts.
“This isn’t Star Trek,” jeered Chase. “We can’t analyze the atmosphere from up here.”
“We can’t analyze the atmosphere with precision,” Zarah corrected. “Our instruments give us some information, based on the reflected light rays bouncing back from the planet.” She checked her console. “Based on what I’m seeing here, I can tell you that the atmosphere is not certain to be toxic. So it may be breathable or close to it. And the temperature is right. Thirty degrees Celsius.” 
“Hoping for a tropical paradise,” said Chase, holding up crossed-fingers. “Do you think they heard us?” 
The crew was eager to get on with the next step in their mission.
“I’ll give it a few minutes and then try again,” said Zarah, looking down at the console.
They felt a slight vibration in the metal beneath their feet. Chase looked at the instruments. “Did you feel tha-” A white-hot light exploded around them.


Chapter 2 – The Aliens

The light faded and there was only darkness. A wave of guilt swept over Beckett. Whatever had happened – it was his fault. He was supposed to keep the ship operational. Had the ship exploded? Were they dead or was he just unconscious? With an explosion like that, dead, or close to it, seemed more likely. A moment later, the bright light returned, scorching hot. He cried out and heard Zarah scream from somewhere close by. Must be still alive if I’m feeling pain. His vision cleared but he couldn’t make sense of what he was seeing. A huge open expanse. Above him was a canopy of wispy whiteness, tinted faintly mauve, and beneath his feet a moss-like covering of vibrant green. Were they dead after all? He looked around. Zarah, Jones and Chase - they were standing there too, looking just as stunned as he was. It was hot, tropical hot, with humidity in the air.
“What happened?” demanded Zarah.
Jones pointed into the distance. “Look!”
Over the gentle hills of green walked a man. Or what looked like a man. And there were trees in the distance too.
“Are we dead?” asked Chase.
“Don’t be an idiot,” Zarah snapped. “Keep it together, Soldier.”
“How did we get here? And who’s that?” asked Chase, alarm in his voice.
Suddenly the pieces fell into place for Beckett. “We must be on the planet,” he said.
“But how did we get here?” asked Zarah.
“They must have some sort of…teleport system,” said Jones.
“This isn’t Star Trek. No such thing as teleport,” said Zarah.
“But here we are,” said Beckett. “The aliens must have some sort of advanced technology, though it’s not likely a true teleport as that method requires that the original be destroyed and a new copy formed at the destination location. A type of teleportation does exist on Earth but it cannot be used on living matter. Maybe it was more like a worm hole or something.”
Zarah put her hands on her hips and glared at the approaching figure. “Irrelevant. They should not have brought us down here without our consent.”
Soon they could make out the features of the humanoid that walked towards them. Its skin was white. Not the peach tone of Caucasian skin but white like porcelain, like fresh cream, like a bone bleached by the desert sun. It had shoulder length white hair and clear blue eyes. And was completely naked. Anatomically neutral, its smooth white skin carried on featurelessly all the way down. A blank. The creature stopped before them, a friendly smile on its face. It was shorter than all of them, even Zarah, measuring only about five feet tall. 
“What is the meaning of this?” demanded Zarah.
“Apologies for upsetting you. What is wrong?” The creature’s voice was more masculine than feminine. 
“You should have asked for clearance to use that advanced technology on us,” Zarah said.
“I’m sorry. We didn’t intend to frighten you. We gathered from your message that you were ready to come down. My apologies.”
Zarah pursed her lips, fire in her eyes. The aliens were going to play all innocent, were they?
Beckett moved forward and held out his hand towards the alien. “Hello. I’m James Beckett.”
“I’m not familiar with your customs,” said the alien. looking at his hand. “Please enlighten me.”
“Hold out your hand like I am.” Beckett modeled the maneuver. The alien copied him. “Now I’m going to touch your hand. Is that all right?”
“Yes. All right.”
Beckett put his hand up against the alien’s white hand. “Now, curl your fingers and thumb like I have,” Beckett instructed. The alien laughed lightly as he did so. The sound surprised Beckett and unnerved him a little. “That’s right,” he said. Now we shake like this.” He moved their hands up and down in a handshake. “This is a traditional Earth greeting.”
“Fantastic! We love it! Thank you for this.” The alien kept shaking, long past comfortable, until Beckett pulled away. 
“At this point, the other person usually says their name,” said Zarah, stepping closer and joining the conversation.
“We’re telepaths,” the alien explained. “We have no need for designations or names; we know each other intimately by our essences. And these we cannot translate into English or into any other human language. So, you may call me Friend.” He smiled again.
“Friend?” Chase sneered. But the derision in his tone and his expression were lost on the alien.
“Yes. Friend.” He smiled. “Shall we greet? The alien stuck out his white hand.
Chase found it odd and kinda creepy that they looked so human-like. But he didn’t want to appear a coward in front of the others so he shook the thing’s hand. The hand felt warm, perfectly ordinary.
“Will Chase,” he said.
“You squeeze harder. Which is the right way?” Friend asked, turning to look at the others when Chase let go.
“The way Beckett did it,” said Jones, jostling Chase out of the way. “I’m Keron Jones.” They shook hands. “I brought the Bible like you guys asked. But it’s still up on the ship.”
“No. It is not.”
The four crewmembers stared at Friend, waiting for an explanation. He smiled at them all benignly. Zarah fumed. If these aliens had done something to her ship… She balled her hands into fists at her sides. This dumb act must be a pretense.
“It isn’t on the ship?” Jones prompted.
“Oh! Are you wondering what happened?”
“Yes,” Zarah snapped.
“Oh, not to worry, it is safe. Our very best minds are looking at it now. I see what they see.” He shook his head and flushed. “It’s amazing!”
“You took the Bible from the ship too?” asked Zarah.
“Yes. We wanted to see it. We need to see if it is Truth - if it is from the One Who Is. It is for this reason you have come.”
“That’s not how we do things,” said Zarah. “In our culture, if we want to see something that belongs to someone else, we ask, not just take.”
“Oh. I see. Thank you for explaining. This gives us something to think about.” Friend smiled benignly again and then asked, “Is this the point in the conversation that you give your name?”
She clenched her jaw and took a deep breath. These aliens were clearly more advanced. She’d better stay on their good side, no matter how annoying they were. “Captain Calista Zarah.”
“We have not participated in the traditional Earth greeting.” Friend stuck out his hand. Trying not to show her reluctance or irritation, Zarah shook hands with him. “Thank you! We like you all very much. Come, I will show you the city.” He turned and started walking in the direction from which he had come.
Beckett took three quick steps so that he could catch up with Friend. “Can you read our minds?” he asked.
“No. We had hoped…but no. Even your book…” He laughed. “We have never had to work so hard! First, we learned your spoken language and now your written language. It’s so quaint. And cryptic. Your arrival has been most exciting for us.”
Zarah sighed in relief. Finally some good news. The last thing she needed was these aliens tromping around in her mind. Chase exchanged a look with her. She didn’t have to be a telepath to know what he was thinking about. The aliens had found the Bible. What else had they found on the Crave?
After about forty-five minutes at a brisk pace, they came to a larger hill. They climbed the steep incline. Once they reached the summit, a distant valley became visible. Metal and colorful glass structures spiraled out of the ground, like the horns of giant unicorns.
“The City,” pronounced Friend, proudly.
Chase was breathing heavily. He had not been keeping up with the prescribed exercise program during the voyage. “That’s where we’re going?” 
“Yes,” said Friend.
“And we’re walking all the way there? How long will that take?” asked Chase.
“Two days,” said Friend triumphantly. 
“We’ll be walking for two days?!” Chases’ burning calf muscles protested at the thought. 
“Is walking not a joy?” Friend beamed. “We are delighted.”
“Did you walk for two days to get out here?” asked Zarah.
“No. I had to use the teleport. It is used when we need to get somewhere quickly, like I needed to get to you. But walking is so much more lovely, is it not? We can be in harmony with nature.”
“Two days! We don’t even have anything to eat!” complained Chase.
“Many fruit trees grow on these hills. This is where we get our food.” Friend gestured with both arms to the trees growing on either side of them.
“But we could use the teleport?” prompted Zarah, stopping so Friend had to stop and give her his full attention.
“We could,” Friend admitted. “But why?” He smiled as he waited for her answer. 
His blue eyes looked perfectly human. Chase recalled the way movies always showed aliens having weird pupils, more like cat eyes or something. But if you just looked at this one’s eyes, you’d think the freak was human. What are the chances of that? Aliens hundreds of light years away having exactly human eyes? It creeped him out. And what was with its attitude?
“We don’t want to walk for two days!” said Chase.
“Why not? Are you tired? We could rest.” He gestured to the ground. “We can rest as much as you like.”
“Then it would take even longer,” said Zarah, pushing herself to speak logically.
“Yes. You wanted to get to the city more quickly?”
“Yes,” Zarah replied, evenly.
“Why?”
“We want to meet with your leaders or whatever it is we’ll be doing here. I want to get this process started, not trek through the wilderness.”
“We have no wilderness. This is the garden.” He smiled blissfully and spun in a slow circle with his hands out to his sides and upraised. The crew looked around and saw that it was true. The trees grew in orderly rows, following the contours of the landscape. “We have only the garden and the city.” Then he stopped and focused his attention directly on the little group. “And now we have you!”
Zarah didn’t like the sound of that. What were these aliens up to? “When will we get to meet your leaders? You do have leaders, don’t you?”
Friend looked thoughtful for a moment. “Yes, we have leaders.” He cocked his head to the side. “Why would you want to see them?”
“So we can talk,” said Zarah.
“We are talking.”
“I mean, with the leaders.”
“When you talk to me, you talk to us. When I talk to you, we talk to you. We are one.”
“You have only one mind?” asked Beckett.
Friend considered this. “No. Not a single mind. But we are of one mind. We share everything. We agree together. We are one.”
“Like a hive mind or something,” muttered Chase. “They’re the Borg.”
Captain Zarah shot him a disapproving look. Chase stopped himself from saying more, though plenty more came to mind. 
“So your leaders are listening to us now?” asked Zarah
“Yes. We are one.”
“Why were you the one chosen to come out to greet us?” asked Beckett.
“Because I found you,” he said proudly. “Many years ago, I was looking out into the stars to find things to share with the others. We like to see the stars and other things in space that are far away. I built better and better advanced technology so we could see very far away, in real time, not thousands of years ago. Then, one day, I heard you. We were so excited! We listened for a very, very long time before proceeding. Then we contacted you. And now you are here!” 
“Fascinating,” said Zarah, dryly. “And how do you choose leaders on this world?” 
“We agree.”
“You all just agree on it?” asked Jones. “Just like that?”
“Sometimes it takes us a long time to agree. But we talk about it until we do.”
“Talk about it?” echoed Beckett.
“Here.” Friend touched his head. “We talk about it here.”
“How long does that usually take?” asked Zarah. 
“Sometimes a very short time and sometimes long. But we talk until we agree. We always come to agreement.”
“So it can take days? Weeks?” asked Zarah.
“Sometimes it takes many years.”
“Years!” exclaimed Chase. “That’s the craziest-” Zarah shot him a warning look.
“But we always agree. It is our way.”
“I guess, being telepathic, that’s the only way it would work,” mused Beckett.
“Friend, we would prefer to teleport directly to the city. Do you understand?” asked Zarah.
Friend got a distant look in his eyes. A bright white light flashed around them. The light faded to darkness. They could see nothing. Then the light flashed again. Hot! Beckett gasped and he heard a grunt from several of the others. The light faded. 
“The city!” Friend proclaimed.
Beckett put his hand to his head. It hurt. Whatever that advanced technology was, it didn’t feel good. He wondered what kind of effect it had on the human body. The scene before him was still spinning. He closed his eyes tightly for a long moment to make it stop. When he opened his eyes, he could see that the five of them now stood in a small park between two towering spiral structures. Friend laughed. The light sound was still unnerving.
“What?” asked Beckett.
“You’ll see.”
Aliens streamed from the nearby structures, all running in their direction, all with white, naked, featureless bodies. Some of them had long hair like Friend but many of them were sporting shorter haircuts with hair colored like Beckett’s, Jones’ and Chase’s hair.
“They cut and dyed their hair to be like you,” Friend explained. “We used to all have hair like this.” He stroked his own shoulder-length hair.
“That’s funny?” asked Beckett.
“I think so. To cut the hair short – we have never. I think soon we will all have hair like yours.” He laughed again.
Zarah’s apprehension grew as the naked white aliens filled the park entirely. Soon there was hardly room to move in the crush. She didn’t like it when their bodies brushed against hers.
“Hello!” said an alien who was standing nearby. It stuck out its hand. Reluctantly, Zarah shook hands with it. Not like she could say no, though she wanted to.
Immediately there was a chorus of hellos from all around them and dozens of aliens stuck out their hands. Friend laughed and reached out his hand too.
“We already shook hands with you,” said Chase. Creepy to the max. These guys were like creepy clowns, only without the red noses. Creepy clowns except that they were naked telepathic aliens. And there was no way back to the ship.
Friend laughed again. “Right. Sorry.” He forced his hand back to his side. “It’s hard not to do the same thing.”
Beckett shook hands with one of the aliens. 
“You can call me Friend,” it said.
“What?” Beckett looked to Friend.
Friend shrugged. “We are one.”
The crew shook hands with the aliens nearest them. Each one of the aliens echoed the word, “Friend.” Their faces seemed very similar but their hair came in many shades, from earth tones to blue, green and purple.
After ten minutes, Chase was pretty much fed up. “Are we almost done here? Or are we just going to stand around all day groping hands?”
Zarah looked at Friend warily. These aliens, what was their game? They were acting like toddlers but what was really going on? 
“We are enjoying you,” said Friend.
“Enjoying,” echoed the crowd all together.
The crew exchanged a look. “I’m not,” said Zarah.
“You’re not enjoying?” asked Friend, eyes wide and white eyebrows arched in surprise.
“No.”
Friend clasped his hands in front of him. “What can be done to help you enjoy?”
The hundreds of aliens in the small park clasped their hands in front of their chests and fell silent, waiting for the answer.
“I’d like a drink of water,” Beckett replied, breaking the silence. He could see Zarah wasn’t comfortable but he wanted to keep the aliens happy and friendly. And he really could use a drink, too. 
“Oh, I see. I can get you water. Follow me.” They followed their short guide through the sea of multi-colored hair. All the aliens were of a similar height and build. They parted enough to make a small path through which the crew could walk, single file. Aliens reached out and touched their clothing and hair as they walked past. Zarah cringed at the treatment and wished for her gun that was back on the ship. 
Friend led the way to a large purple tower beside the park. The structure seemed to be made entirely of thick glass, with a metal frame underneath it. He pushed open a glass and metal door and walked in. The crew exchanged a glance and then followed. Zarah was glad to escape the mass of bodies that still stood outside. The center area of the structure was open all the way to the ceiling, high above. Purple light filtered in from outside. Friend led them to a medium-sized room, off the center area.
“Please wait here while I get the water for you. Do you need to rest? We too rest at times. We have these.” He opened a closet. Inside were stacks of purple pillows.
“Thank you,” said Beckett.
Friend walked briskly out the door to find water for the humans. He found them extremely odd, almost incomprehensibly so. They were so new. He wondered if, perhaps, he was not understanding everything that they were trying to convey. But they were so very wonderful. He smiled to himself as he walked along. Those left standing in the park, pressed up against the purple glass of the building looking in, also smiled.
“They’re like naked, creepy clowns!” Chase hissed, once they were alone.
“Don’t tell me you’re frightened of the little dudes?” Jones chuckled. 
“We have no way back to the ship!” Chase closed in on Jones, getting up in his face.
“Cool it.” Jones shoved the shorter man so that he staggered backwards and almost stumbled.
Chase rushed at Jones but the captain stepped between them before they could get physical. “Stop messing around. Now that we’re alone, we need to talk.”
“If we’re really alone,” said Beckett. “They may be monitoring us.” He glanced around the room. 
“Nothing for it,” said Zarah. She beckoned them all closer and spoke more quietly. “What are we going to do? We need some kind of plan.”
“Wait and see?” Beckett suggested. “I don’t think we’re in any real danger.”
“Wait and see!” echoed Zarah. “You don’t think we’re in any real danger. But we don’t know that. Even if we’re not in immediate danger, we are trapped. We’ve completely lost control of the situation. Anything could happen.”
“And we don’t even have any weapons,” Chase fumed.
“Keep your voice down,” said Zarah. She sat on the floor and motioned that they should do the same. “Jones, grab a couple of pillows. Let’s act natural.”
“You got it, Boss,” He took an armful of pillows out of the closet and tossed them at Chase, who was sitting beside the captain. Chase made a noise of protest but Zarah socked him in the arm. She scowled at Jones who shrugged innocently. Beckett couldn’t help smirking, but he pursed his lips when he saw Zarah staring at him. 
“Get close. Let’s talk this out,” she said. The four of them arranged themselves in a tight circle on the floor, facing each other, with the pillows around them so that they could lean against them.
“Maybe we could find out how their teleport technology works,” Beckett suggested. “Then we wouldn’t be trapped.”
“And how would we do that?” asked Zarah.
“We could ask Friend to show it to us and explain how it works,” said Beckett.
Chase snorted. “Yeah, just ask the aliens to give away their super-advanced technology so we can make a break for it.”
“Never know if you don’t ask,” said Jones.
Zarah regarded Beckett seriously for moment. “Okay, when he gets back, you ask. Now, what else?”
“We have to figure out what they’re hiding – what’s really going on here,” said Chase.
“Exactly,” said Zarah.
“How do you know they’re hiding something?” asked Jones.
“It’s obvious,” said Chase.
The captain nodded. “Right. But how can we find out? We need to know what they’re planning.”
“Beckett distracts them while we take a little reconnoiter,” Chase said.
Captain Zarah considered her options. They had to find out what was going on. But she needed to keep and eye on Friend and Beckett. 
“Jones and Chase, you’ll take a look around while Beckett and I see what we can get out of Friend.” Zarah flinched as she heard a sound at the doorway.
“I found water!” Friend said excitedly. “And look! These are cups!”
The four crewmembers stood up, trying to look casual.
“We know what cups are,” said Chase walking over and grabbing a glass. He poured water from the glass pitcher. The others joined Friend near the entryway of the room.
“But they are a novelty for us. We made them just for you!” said Friend.
Beckett picked up a clear glass cup and regarded the rounded shape in his hand. “When did you make them?”
“Now. We read about them in your book and we have seen them in your broadcasts. Did we make them right?”
“You made these just now?” asked Chase.
“Yes. Do you like? Can you enjoy now?” 
Zarah poured herself a glass of water. “They’re nice. Thank you.” She took a very small sip at first. The water tasted cool and refreshing. No hint of anything that shouldn’t be there. She allowed herself to drink deeply. The temperature was much hotter here than it had been on the Crave.
“It’s amazing you could make them so quickly,” remarked Beckett.
“We learn so many wonderful new things from you.”
“You must have very good manufacturing technology,” said Beckett.
“Yes. We like making things out of glass.”
“I enjoy,” said Beckett, copying the words Friend had used.
The crew each had some water. Then Friend set the tray down on a table, took a glass and poured himself some water too. “I will drink water,” he announced.
“A new thing for you or something?” asked Chase.
“Yes. This will be the first time. Our trees drink water. We agree that ingesting a little water will not harm us.”
“So you guys don’t drink?” asked Chase, incredulously. 
“We do now.” Friend smiled and lifted the cup to his lips. He closed his eyes and drank a small sip. His eyes snapped open as he pulled the cup away. A huge grin spread across his face. “That was amazing! We like water from a cup.”
“Yes, it’s a great novelty,” Chase rolled his eyes. Zarah glared at him and subtly elbowed Beckett. He looked at her in confusion for a moment. She made a wide-eyed, exasperated face at him.
“Oh, right, I was going to ask you about your teleport,” said Beckett.
Friend smiled and put the cup down. “What do you want to know?” 
“I’d love to see it! Maybe you could take us to it and explain how it works?”
Friend looked distant for a long moment. The crew exchanged concerned glances.
“Yes, that will be acceptable. You will learn. We will learn. Come this way!” They followed Friend into the main area and then back outside. Disconcertingly, all the aliens were still there, smiling, reaching for them. The crew followed Friend, single file through the crowd, for almost ten minutes. There were so many aliens. Zarah kept her eyes on Beckett’s back and tried to ignore the white fingers that brushed against her clothing and hair. Didn’t they have anything better to do? Didn’t they have to work on this planet? It’s just like walking through dense brush, she told herself. But the light touches didn’t feel like small branches. They felt more like flying beetles landing on her.
They entered a huge, blue glass building that was shaped like a perfect cube. “Welcome to our…” Friend looked up, thinking. “You can call it our Advanced Technology Headquarters. This is where some of us create and discover. Today I will also teach. We have never done that before. Teaching is a concept we have learned about from listening to your broadcasts.”
They walked past door after door, each room containing several aliens and either strange objects or metal machines. Most of the aliens looked up when they passed by but they didn’t come out to look at them or try to touch them. Clearly these aliens were more focused than the ones outside. Friend led them into one room, which, from the hall, looked very much like all the others. None of the doors had signs or markings. The room had no aliens in it, just a collection of odd-looking machines and some workbenches containing unfamiliar tools.
“Now we will have an exchange of information,” said Friend. “This is so very exciting!” 


Chapter 3 – What the Aliens Really Want

“Uh, right. Yes. An exchange of information. Sounds good,” said Zarah. “Would it be okay if Chase and Jones have a look around while we talk?”
“Yes, yes, they can go. Let us discover something new. Do you agree?”
Zarah nodded at her men for them to leave. “Okay,” she said to Friend.
“First, I tell you something. Then I show you something. Then you tell me something and you show me something.”
“Okay, that sounds fair,” replied Zarah. 
But it would have been a better idea to clarify what they were agreeing to...
“I will show and tell first,” said Friend.
“Perfect,” said Zarah, already losing interest in the conversation. Beckett better be paying attention. Technical info from aliens just didn’t hold any appeal for her.
“Here is the device.” Friend led them over to a machine about the size of a kitchen table but a little taller. It looked sort-of like smooth, grey Lego blocks. 
“Is that your teleport?” asked Beckett.
“That is what you have called it. Now I will describe how it works.” 
Zarah looked around the room as Friend launched into a technical explanation of how the thing worked, too boring to even listen to.
Then Beckett spoke. “I see. So it’s not actually a teleport but more like a wormhole, more like folding space-time.” 
They talked longer. Zarah watched them. Beckett was genuinely interested in what Friend was saying. They walked around the machine, pointing at different parts, gauges and dials. Friend’s smiles seemed genuine and he looked like he had an open expression. But how could she really tell? He was an alien after all. And even if he wasn’t hiding anything, he was probably just a pawn in the bigger picture. Why didn’t the leaders of this world want to meet with them?
“Now I will demonstrate,” said Friend. “Who should I teleport?” He looked from Beckett to Zarah. 
“Let’s just use an inanimate object for now,” Beckett said quickly, remembering the headache he had gotten last time he’d been teleported.
“Will this do?” Friend picked up some sort of metal tool from a nearby workbench. 
“Sure,” said Beckett.
Friend put the tool down on the floor and proceeded to walk Beckett through the process of operating the device. Again, Zarah hoped that Beckett was taking excellent mental notes. Friend flicked a switch and the machine began to hum. A faint blue aura emanated from it. Friend spoke a while longer until the pitch deepened. 
“It is now ready,” Friend announced. “Where should I send it?”
“How about a short hop? Maybe send it just over there.” Beckett pointed across the room. 
“Okay. This is how to do it.” He pressed a series of buttons while Beckett looked over his shoulder. There was a wave of blue and then a bright flash of white. When Zarah could see again, the tool sat on the other side of the room.
“Is that sufficient for my part of the exchange?” asked Friend. “Now you will teach me?”
“What do you think, Beckett? Will that do for a first lesson?” asked Zarah.
“Yes, I’ve learned a lot already. So complicated yet so amazingly simple. They just have such a different way of thinking!”
“All right then. What do you want to learn?” Zarah turned to look at Friend. 
“We see that you,” he pointed to Zarah, “and you,” he pointed to Beckett, “are different. And you wear – we don’t understand – a covering of some sort. We do not understand the purpose - it is not cold here.” He stopped talking and waited. Beckett and Zarah exchanged an awkward glance. Friend raised his white eyebrows. “You give no explanation... But now we want to see you.”

***

Jones and Chase wandered down the empty corridor. They had peered into some rooms but they didn’t really know where to start or what they were looking for.
“Where should we check first?” asked Chase.
Jones shrugged. “I’m thinking this is going to be a waste of time. What do you think they’re hiding?”
“I don’t know but something more is going on here.” He lowered his voice and leaned closer to Jones, “Something sinister.” 
Jones chuckled. “What, you think they’re secretly planning to rip us limb from limb and gnaw on our bones?”
Chase shrugged. “Wouldn’t surprise me.”
“And how would looking around help us to find that out? Thinking we’re going to find a huge cauldron in their Advanced Technology Center?”
“Why don’t you shut it and help me figure out where to look!” Chase stopped walking and faced Jones.
Jones laughed. “Waste of time. But we might as well start at the top.” He pointed to a spiral staircase that wound up all the way to the top of the building.
“That’s a long way up,” Chase remarked.
“Yup. So, why don’t you shut it and start climbing?” Jones laughed again as he pushed past the shorter man towards the stairs. 
Chase walked quickly so that he reached the stairs first. He climbed the tall, narrow, winding staircase with Jones close behind him. On the top floor, the staircase ended in a hallway. They started down the hallway until they came to a place where it branched off. “Left or right?” Chase asked. 
“You call it,” said Jones.
Chase turned left down the corridor. A fuchsia-haired alien exited a room down the hall. A blue-haired alien came out behind it. The aliens stared at each other intensely for a few moments. Chase ducked into the nearest room. He yanked on Jones’ arm to get him to follow. With an eye-roll, Jones side-stepped into the room. The large space was mostly empty, save for a few machines on the far wall. No aliens, though.
“What?” Jones asked.
Chase put his finger to his lips and peered out into the hall. “They’re still talking,” he whispered.
“They were talking?” The well-muscled giant crossed his arms and raised his eyebrows.
“You know, they were doing that mind thing of theirs. We need to find out what’s going on in that room.”
“Okay, then.” There was laughter in his eyes.
Chase looked quickly out into the hall again. “All clear.”
“Now I see why you’re a pilot and not a spy or on a swat team somewhere.” Jones let his arms fall to his sides and followed Chase out into the hallway.
“Jones, this is serious!” he whispered fiercely. “Those aliens are up to something and I’m betting it’s in that room.” He jabbed his finger towards the door down the hall, for emphasis. 
Jones sighed. “I’m serious. Totally serious. Ready when you are.” 
Chase walked quietly out into the hall, trailed by Jones who was looking bored. No aliens in sight. Chase crept towards the door. Slowly, he opened it. Beyond the doorway was a very large room, by far the largest workspace they had seen. Silently they walked inside and closed the door. They didn’t see any of the white aliens about but the large machinery blocked their line of sight. Jones took the lead and motioned with his finger for Chase to follow. The large man walked silently, crouched over along one side of the closest metal contraption. 
But Chase didn’t follow him. Instead Chase started climbing a metal ladder that led to a catwalk, far above. Jones shook his head and pointed to the floor, signaling that he should come down. Chase shook his head back at the giant and climbed the narrow rungs faster. With a clenched jaw, Jones followed him up the ladder. Jones was only half-way up when Chase reached the top platform. But Chase didn’t wait for him. Jones clenched his jaw even tighter. Stupid little man is going to get himself killed. He’d better hope they’re not up to anything or his rash behavior is going to do him in for sure. When Jones reached the platform, he scanned the walkways for Chase. The catwalks led out from the platform in three different directions. He spotted Chase halfway across the room. Choosing the quickest route, Jones walked as fast as he could while keeping his footfalls silent. When he looked down into the room below them, he saw aliens using the equipment. From this distance and angle though, he couldn’t tell what they were doing or what the machines were for. 
Chase cried out. Jones refocused his attention forward to his crewmate. Chase was dangling from the catwalk, his fingers holding on to the metal grate that made up the floor of the walkway. Jones swore and sprinted towards him. Chase’s fingers slipped from the metal and the man plunged downwards. There was no way he could survive such a fall to the concrete floor below. Jones stopped and looked down in horror. Chase splashed down into a large vat containing a blue liquid. Jones watched in relief as Chase’s blue head surfaced. He sputtered and flailed about for the edge of the vat. He was alive! Aliens hurried over to see what had happened. Jones sprinted back to the ladder. He descended as quickly as he could. Abandoning stealth completely, Jones raced between the large machines to find Chase. He found him just outside the vat, in the middle of a group of aliens. He was blue from head to toe. Only his eyes had not been colored by the stuff.
“This is very interesting,” said one of the aliens. “You are now blue.”
“What is that stuff?” asked Jones.
“Dye,” offered another alien.
“I’m hoping it’s non-toxic?” asked Chase, miserably.
The aliens looked at one another. “We don’t understand the meaning of that word.”
“Well…okay then…Does it come off?” asked Chase.
“The dye is permanent.” 
Jones’ booming laughter caused the aliens to flinch in surprise. “Well, at least you’re not dead. Think I’ll just call you Blue. As, you know, a nickname.”
Chase scowled at him, then he looked back at the aliens. “There’s no way to get the color off?”
“Oh, there is a way. We do have neutralizing agents, in case the dye accidently gets on the skin.”
“What is the dye for anyway?” asked Jones.
“For hair.” One of the aliens touched his own, vibrant blue hair. 
“Lucky we checked this place out,” Jones said to Chase. “Real covert stuff going on here.”
“Shut it, Jones.” Chase took a deep breath and turned to the nearest alien. “I’d like to use some of those neutralizing agents now.”
“Chase fell in hair dye,” Jones intoned in a sing-song voice, stepping out of reach when Chase took a swing at him.
The aliens seemed bewildered by the men’s behavior. When both humans were still and quiet, the aliens regarded Chase for a few moments. Then they exchanged silent looks. One alien touched the fabric of Chase’s shirt, then his hair and then the skin on his cheek. 
“Hey, what are you doing?” Chase took a step away, out of reach. The alien’s fingers came away still white. Chase looked down at himself. “Hey, the dye’s already dry.”
“Yes, this is a new, fast-action dye that we are only just developing. We will need to use three different neutralizers. One for your hair, one for…this” the alien stepped closer and touched his shirt again, “and another for your skin.”
“This is called clothing.” Chase stepped away from the alien’s fingers again, bumping his back up against the vat. “Sounds great. Let’s get started.”
“The neutralizing agent for the…clothing, will need to be more caustic as this material is more absorptive.” The alien reached out to touch Chase’s clothing again but then dropped his hand and stepped back. “You will have to take it off for us to wash it because we think that agent might cause pain on your skin. Also, direct contact is needed for the skin cleansing agent.”
“What?!”
Jones laughed from the back of the group. “So glad we came in here to have a look around. I’ll just leave you all to it then. Be waiting in the hall. Shout if you need me.”

***

“No,” said Zarah. “I am not taking off my clothing.”
“That is not right,” said Friend, scowling his disapproval. “I showed and explained. You agreed that you would do the same.”
“No.” Zarah crossed her arms over her chest. The perverts!
Friend mimicked her, crossing his arms. “You agreed. We insist.”
“This is a complicated issue for us,” said Beckett, stepping into Friend’s line of sight. Friend looked angry. Angry aliens were the last thing that they wanted. “Here, I can take off some of my clothing while I explain, alright?”
Friend let his arms fall to his sides and the lines in his face fell away. “Okay.”
Beckett started unbuttoning his shirt. “In the beginning of our book…have you read about Adam and Eve?”
“Yes.” He got a far away expression. “They were naked and felt no shame. What is naked?”
“It means to have no covering on.”
“I see. And what is shame?”
“Shame comes when you know you’ve done something wrong. When you’ve sinned.” 
“Your words have no meaning to us. We don’t understand.”
“When Adam and Eve brought sin into the world, people couldn’t be naked anymore. We have to wear a covering.”
“Why? I don’t understand.” 
“We have to keep certain parts covered. The…umm…parts used for reproduction.” Beckett’s shirt was open now so he took it off and let it fall to the floor. “I’m a man so it is permissible for me to have my shirt off in most cultures but, for women, it is not.”
“You have more hair than we do.” Friend moved closer to inspect Beckett’s chest. 
Over Friend’s shoulder, Beckett made eye contact with Zarah, who was staring too. He felt himself flush. 
Zarah looked away, also blushing. If it was permissible, why did she feel like she just got caught with her hand in the cookie jar?
Beckett felt like he was on display at a zoo. Zarah had been looking. Did that mean something?
“You have two small circular areas. Why? Is there a purpose?”
Beckett laughed nervously and lightly pushed Friend’s probing finger away. “I’m not a good biology instructor. Especially with my shirt off and in mixed company.”
“Mixed company?” Friend echoed. 
“She is female,” Beckett pointed to the captain. “I am male.”
“Ah yes, in the book, ‘God made them male and female’. But what does it mean? What is male and female?”
“Females can have babies,” said Zarah.
“Can I put my shirt back on now? Can you accept this as a first lesson on our forms and biology?”
Friend frowned and looked past Beckett towards the wall for a long moment. He took so long to respond that the humans were starting to wonder if there was something wrong with him. Finally, when he spoke, his voice was thin, like it was coming from a great distance away. “Oh! Now we see! Interesting!” Friend smiled as if he’d just been released from some sort of trance. “We are not completely satisfied but we will tolerate it as a first lesson on biology. But you must answer some other questions that have troubled us.”
“Agreed,” said Beckett. “I’ll answer if I can, if I know the information.”


Chapter 4 – Jones and the Alien

Jones sat on the floor in the hallway just outside the dye development room, leaning against the wall. There was a lot on his mind. God had something important for him to do here but he didn’t know what it was yet. He felt that, somehow, God loved these people. These aliens… they were His children too. Please help me to have the wisdom to know what to do when the time comes and have the courage to do it without hesitation.
A quiet sound coming from somewhere farther down the hall interrupted his prayers. Curious, Jones stood to check it out. Then he hesitated. Nah, Chase wouldn’t need him. Supervising shower time wasn’t part of his job description. Neither was checking out weird sounds, but that was a whole lot more interesting. He followed the sound down the corridor to an open door. Inside, he saw an alien with curly purple hair looking down into a pipe. It sounded like the alien was crying.
“What’s wrong?”
“Nothing.” The alien’s blue eyes were wide. Though they had all seen the humans through the shared consciousness, it was different seeing the giant in person. He was so much bigger in real life.
“Sounded like you were crying.” Jones’ massive figure filled the doorframe. He had dark brown eyes, like stones, and his skin was the color of the soil where no moss grew. The alien wanted to touch him and yet feared him at the same time.
“You can call me Fr-”
“Skip it,” said Jones. “We call the other one Friend. Can’t call you the same thing, can I?”
The alien gazed at him, unable to look away. “I don’t know.”
“No, I can’t.”
“Oh.”
Though all the aliens they had seen had been the same size, this one somehow seemed smaller. But perhaps his perception was being affected by the different mannerisms this one was displaying. “So maybe I’ll call you Flower, for your hair.”
The alien smiled. “I would like that. You humans are good at making up words and names. Auditory communication…” The purple-haired alien laughed. “It’s so…funny.”
Jones smiled. “Glad we amuse you.” Then his expression became serious. “Is everything okay? Were you crying?”
Slowly the alien shook its head. “No. We agree it’s not important.”
But the alien’s eyes looked sad.
“What’s not?” asked Jones.
Flower moved back to the pipe and looked down. “My stone fell down there.”
Jones knelt beside the alien and looked down into the pipe in the floor. A small blue stone gleamed, caught in a bend of the pipe. 
“I’m sure someone could help you get it.” Jones looked towards the hall.
“No. We agree it doesn’t matter. The stone serves no purpose.” The alien’s bottom lip drooped down in a small pout.
“But you’re sad.”
“No. We agree it doesn’t matter,” Flower insisted.
Jones sighed. “Move over. Let me see if I can get it.”
Flower smiled and shifted away, making room for him. Jones lay down on his stomach and reached his arm down the pipe. He touched the smooth surface of the stone with his fingertip. He stretched his arm further, until his shoulder ached with the pressure. He gripped the stone with his thumb and forefinger. Then brought it out, sat up and presented the blue gem on his open palm.
Flower smiled and clapped in delight. “Thank you!” The alien took the stone from his hand, deliberately also touching his skin. “We are happy and enjoy and thank!”
Jones sat cross-legged beside the alien on the floor. “I’m glad you’re glad.” He smiled; then his expression turned serious. “Hey, why were they giving you a hard time about wanting the stone?”
Flower looked down. “The stone was not important. It is important that we agree.”
“Yeah, I heard about that from Friend. Do you agree about everything?”
“No. Not now. We do not agree about your book.” The alien’s lips twisted in displeasure.
“What do you think?” Jones asked.
“I was confused. I don’t remember the creator in my personal memories. But I am sad at the thought that He might not exist. And I am sad that we do not agree. We must agree or there will be no peace.”
“I haven’t seen the creator myself either. But blessed are those who have not seen and yet believe,” said Jones.
“That is from your book.”
“It’s not my book. It’s God’s book.”
“But we don’t agree. We’re sad.” The alien’s eyes filled with tears.
“You have read the whole book?”
“We have.”
“And what do you think, personally, Flower?”
 “I like when you call me that.” The purple-haired alien smiled. “I think that The One Who Is does exist and that He has made this book and caused you to bring it to us,” the alien said with determination.
“The One Who Is – that’s what you call the creator?”
“Yes.” Flower studied the blue rock.
 “This,” Jones touched the small stone in the alien’s hand, “doesn’t really matter enough to ruin the peace over, right?”
The alien looked down sadly and nodded. “Right. It does not really matter.”
“So it was okay for you to give it up for the peace of the rest. But The One Who Is and the book of Truth, do they matter?”
“Yes. They matter very much…So you’re saying I must not give that up, even to gain harmony with my people?”
“That’s right. You must never give up Truth.” Jones stood up. “I’d better go find Chase.”
“He’s almost ready. Thank you for your words – and your help.” The little alien stood too and smiled up at him. 
“You’re welcome.” He put a hand on the small alien’s shoulder. “Stay in the light.” He turned and walked back out into the hallway.
“I will,” the purple-haired alien called after him.
Jones’ heart felt lighter as he walked back down the hall towards the dye development room. He smiled at the memory of the grateful, purple-haired Flower. He had helped the alien to get the stone and, more importantly, to recognize the truth. It was good to have been able to help. It felt significant. Maybe this was why God had brought him on this mission, what God was calling him to do. Maybe he would be going home after all.

Chase scowled as they walked back down the spiral staircase. “I can’t believe they keep vats of hair dye in the Advanced Technology Headquarters. And you should have seen the way they stared! Creepy naked clowns were checking me out!”
Jones laughed. “This wasn’t a waste of time after all. You were right, totally worth a look around. A lesson for everyone. For the aliens, human anatomy, and for you… what?”
“Let’s just keep this to ourselves,” Chase snapped.
Jones smirked. “Oh, I think I’ll have to make a full report to the Captain, if she asks.”
“Aww, come on!”
“Don’t worry, Blue.” Jones laughed loudly. “Friend probably already told her all about it anyway.”


Chapter 5 – Talking Theology with the Aliens

Chase and Jones walked into the room.
Jones looked at the shirtless Beckett and then at the captain. Their eyes met and Jones raised his eyebrows. Zarah only shook her head.
“What is going on here?” said Chase. “You all playing strip poker or something?”
Zarah scowled at him. 
“What is strip poker?” asked Friend.
“Nothing,” Zarah snapped. “Chase is just trying to be funny again.”
“Your humor, for the most part, bewilders us,” confessed Friend.
Beckett snatched his shirt from the floor and hastily threw it on. Funny how being inspected by an alien in the presence of his peers felt so much different than going to the beach. Awkward! As he started on the buttons, he accidentally locked eyes with Zarah and blushed again, grinning in spite of himself. They both looked away.
 “Now, we have questions about the broadcasts from Earth. When we first discovered the signals your planet was broadcasting, we were shocked. We marveled at the things you said and the things you showed. We captured both radio and television signals. At first, we were bewildered at how those things could be. It was a very tumultuous time for us – the harmony was broken. Then we came to understand that much of what you broadcast is fiction - stories that are invented rather than factual. Is this understanding correct?”
“Yes, that’s right,” said Zarah.
Friend pressed his palm to his chest. “Your confirmation comes as a great relief. We had already agreed that it must be fiction but we are very glad that it is so. Many of the things we saw disturbed us. Why does your kind make up such things? And we do not understand how it is that you insist you must maintain a covering when, on your broadcasts, that does not seem to be the case.”
“Good questions,” said Jones.
“The broadcasts are for entertainment,” Zarah explained.
“We have entertainment here,” said Friend. “And fiction. But much of what we saw and heard of your broadcasts - what we viewed - did not entertain us. We did not enjoy. It was disturbing, unsettling.”
“But you watched it, didn’t you?” asked Chase. “Just had to see how it would play out, didn’t you? So who are you to judge?”
Friend looked at him quizzically. “I don’t understand. We wanted to learn.” When Chase didn’t reply, Friend looked to Beckett for an answer.
“I don’t know.” They were all standing in a loose circle. Beckett didn’t know what to say; he didn’t want to come across as judgmental. Still feeling weird about having his shirt off, he couldn’t meet Zarah’s gaze. “Not all humans agree on what’s entertaining, I guess.”
“So you talk about it?” asked Friend.
“No, different people just do their own things,” said Jones.
“You don’t have harmony on Earth? We saw some…non-harmony on your television broadcasts. But that is fiction, yes?”
Beckett sighed. “Most of it is fiction but the news broadcasts are true. And even most of the fiction is based on real life human interactions.”
“I have to sit down.” Friend wavered and fell towards a nearby chair. Jones lunged and caught him. Then he pulled the chair over and set Friend down on it.
“What’s wrong?” asked Zarah.
“It stuns us - that you do not have peace. Do you…do you really have wars?” He whispered the last part, hesitant even to ask the question. He didn’t really want to know the answer and, yet, at the same time, they had to know.
“Yes,” Zarah confirmed.
He put his hand to his heart, a pained expression on his face. “We…we…horror. Now we understand the meaning of your word ‘horror’.”
“You’ve never had wars here?” asked Jones.
“Never. We are one.”
“How do you know there have never been wars on your planet? Do you have any sort of written history or do you just pass information on telepathically?” asked Zarah.
“I don’t think I understand,” replied Friend.
“Do you have a photographic memory that is shared with the next generation?” asked Beckett, relieved to be off the subject of war. It was too bad that humankind had taught this technologically advanced alien race the meaning of war and horror.
“The next generation? We do not understand. We think we have seen this in your book but we do not comprehend it.”
“Never saw any kids here,” said Jones.
“They don’t have the parts for that anyway. Wonder how they do it? This could be an awkward conversation unless you already found out while you all were playing doctor.” Chase laughed. 
Jones boomed with laughter. “Playing doctor. That’s a good one coming from you, Chase.”
Friend stared, uncomprehending, from where he was sitting. Zarah crossed her arms and scowled at them. Chase really did have a gift for taking any conversation and turning it stupid.
“How do you make more of your kind?” asked Zarah quickly before the discussion headed further down the wrong path.
“More?” echoed Friend. “You mean like creation?”
“Yes,” said Beckett. “Like creation, only afterwards.”
“You have afterwards-creation on your planet?” Friend gaped at him.
“Yes. Initially, the creator only made two of our kind but He gave us the ability to reproduce,” Beckett explained.
“We wondered if that could be when we read your book. But…this is a stunning revelation! First war but now this! Some time ago, some of us thought about trying to replicate creation but we then agreed that this might be a blasphemy to the creator. Yet you do it!”
“For us, it is natural. The creator designed us for procreation,” said Beckett.
“We noticed the different designs. We wanted to understand. That’s why we had hoped to visually inspect the differences. But now…Amazing! Differences designed for afterwards-creation! So intriguing. Significantly alike yet significantly different.”
“But no reproduction doesn’t make any sense,” said Zarah. “We must not be understanding him right. Because what happens when they die? There would be fewer and fewer of them. And what, these ones have been around since they were created?”
Friend stood and stepped nearer to Zarah. “We wondered about this also. We saw it in your truth book and were…concerned. What does that word mean - ‘die’? We do not understand. We have no corresponding thought pattern to match the word to.”
“They have no word for ‘die’?” said Chase. “This just keeps getting creepier.” Everyone ignored him.
“To die is when your body stops working. Then you cease to exist,” said Zarah.
“Some people don’t believe in the Bible,” Beckett explained. “But, according to the Bible, and I believe it is true, when your body dies, your spirit goes to be with God and he will give us all a new body one day, a body that will not die. I do not believe that we cease to exist.”
“Your body stops working?” Friend’s eyes were wide in fear and wonder. “And your people do not agree about what happens after?”
“That’s right,” said Zarah.
“We…don’t like this new idea. How could that which has been created by The One Who Is stop working? Things we make sometimes stop working. But how could what has been made by the One Who Is stop working?”
 “It’s because of sin,” said Jones.
“How about we leave the three of you to talk this over while Chase and I take a little walk around?” said Zarah. Time to find out what the aliens are up to. What is really going on here?
Friend looked at her. “Why do you want to leave?”
“Because I don’t like talking about this. Just a waste of time.”
Friend had a confused look on his face. “You are content not agreeing? Not being in harmony?”
“There’s peace enough in a job well done and being able to sleep without fear at the end of the day.”
“You may come and go as you like,” he said dismissively. Then he looked back to Jones. “Sin. We saw that word in the book too. What is sin?”
Zarah motioned to Chase and they quietly left the room.
“That Beckett just loves the sound of his own voice,” Chase remarked, once they were out of earshot.
Zarah agreed. But she tended to love the sound of his voice too, when he wasn’t pushing his religious views. “Focus, Chase. Let’s see what we can find out,” she said quietly. “I wonder why the leaders here haven’t met with us yet?”
“Maybe they just want to spy on us for a while first.”
Zarah looked around furtively. “Which way did you and Jones go?”
“We went up to the top floor.”
“Right. So we’ll go down.”
“But this is the ground floor.”
“Maybe there’s a basement. You know, when someone wants to hide something, it’s always in the basement.” 
“Didn’t notice any stairs going down.”
“Let’s make a thorough search. What did you guys discover?”
Chase didn’t look at her. “Nothin.”
“Then what took you so long?”
“We were looking around, like you said.”
Zarah looked at him. He didn’t meet her gaze. But she figured that, if they had found something important, Jones would have told her.
For half an hour, they looked for stairs leading downwards but, after a thorough search, they came up empty. 
“We’re not getting anywhere here,” said Chase. “Let’s get back to the others.”

***

“Sin is doing wrong – doing what God doesn’t want you to,” explained Beckett.
“But how do you know what God wants you to do?”
“The Bible,” said Jones.
“We…We are still trying to understand. We are still trying to determine if the Bible is from The One Who Is. The writings in your book focus on someone named Jesus. How could the One Who Is come in human form? And be called the son?” Friend shook his head. “It is incomprehensible to us. Many of us feel that what we read from the Bible are the most important things we have ever learned. But we do not agree. Some say the Bible has no relevance to us. Some say The One Who Is has no relevance. Some…” He looked down at the floor and then continued in a whisper, “Some say The One Who Is doesn’t even exist.”
“But aren’t you all from the original creation here?” asked Jones. “Don’t you remember?” 
“I remember.” Friend smiled. “I remember The One Who Is.” Then a look of sadness crossed his face. “But some do not remember. How can that be? Since we have seen inside the book, now we do not agree.” He looked down and tears filled his blue eyes. Then he brightened. “But we will talk about it until we agree. We will be one again.”
“What did he look like?” asked Jones.
“I…” Friend smiled and his eyes got a distant look to them. “I cannot explain in your words. Words are insufficient to describe The One Who Is.”
“I feel like that sometimes,” Beckett said quietly.
“But what I don’t understand,” said Friend, “is how someone would not do the creator’s will?”
“God gave humans the freedom of choice. Some people choose not to follow or choose not to believe at all.”
Friend nodded and put his hand to his gut. 
“Not feeling well?” asked Beckett.
“No. We do not agree. It makes me feel ill. Our harmony is gone. Because of you! Because of this book you brought! No…Because of me. I discovered the humans.” He doubled over on the chair in pain. “I apologize. Not all of my words were my personal thoughts. We are all in pain right now but we cannot blame you.”
Beckett was glad Zarah wasn’t there to hear that outburst. It was possible these aliens could still be dangerous. Pain often brought out hostility. 
“I’d better check on the Captain and Chase.” Jones walked from the room, leaving Beckett alone with Friend. Beckett wondered if he should feel guilty, knowing that the others were looking around to find out what they were really up to. But if these aliens didn’t have anything to hide, then it shouldn’t be a problem, he reasoned. Hopefully, the others wouldn’t do anything to upset the aliens. It seemed like the situation could be teetering on the edge of disaster. Beckett sent a quick prayer heavenward.
In a few minutes, Friend had recovered enough to stand. “Come, let us find your companions.”


Chapter 6 – Enjoy Your Stay

“Come, I will show you to where you will stay.” Friend led the four of them back outside. The sun was setting, reflecting off the metal and glass, turning the sky a darker shade of purple. The other aliens were all still standing outside, waiting for them. Or perhaps they had come back out when they learned the humans would be passing by again, thought Zarah. 
But actually, they had waited there the entire time. Nothing on the planet was as interesting as the humans and the things they had brought with them.
“Maybe we could just go back to the ship for the night?” Zarah asked hopefully. Friend was walking right in front of her. The white fingers of the other aliens brushed against her hair and clothing as they passed through the crowd, single file.
“No, you will stay here,” said Friend.
“What, we don’t get a choice?” asked Chase.
“You will stay here,” Friend repeated as he opened the door to a yellow, glass conical building. They followed him in. 
Zarah was relieved to be past the crowd of hands reaching out to touch her but another icy cold fear had taken hold. They really were trapped. “In a few days, after we have met with your leaders, we would like to return to our ship.”
“This is where you will stay.” Friend gestured to a room off the main area. They followed Friend inside. “We have created this for you. Do you enjoy?”
Inside looked exactly like the dining area on their ship.
“Is this my ship?!” shouted Zarah. What had they done!? 
“Oh, no. It just looks like your ship. We made this. So you would feel comfortable here. And there,” he pointed to four doorways, “is where you will sleep. Do you enjoy?”
“No, not really,” said Chase, walking past him and looking into one of the pods. “You’ve got to be kidding me! All my stuff’s here!” He looked back to Friend.
“Ah, for the most part, it is not actually your stuff but a replica of it. We made duplicates of your items so you could enjoy!”
“For the most part?” echoed Beckett.
“Well, your Bible is the original,” said Friend. “And a few other things were too difficult to replicate in such a short time.”
“You went through all our things?” asked Zarah. She was so angry she felt like kicking the happy smile right off its face.
“I will leave you now,” said Friend, ignoring her question. “It is almost time for my rest.” He walked back to the door leading out to the main area. Then he turned, smiled at them all and said, “Enjoy your stay.” 
Zarah banged her fist on the dining room table as the door closed. “This is unacceptable.”
“Enjoy your stay?” Chase asked incredulously. “More like, you’re trapped now!” Then he mimicked an evil, maniacal laugh. 
“Shut it, Chase. We have to think,” said Zarah.
Jones went to the door. It slid open at his approach. “Well, we’re not trapped in this room.”
“That’s something, at least,” said Zarah. “Let’s wait until nightfall and take another look around.”
“Mind if I sleep until then?” asked Chase. “I’m beat.” But Chase didn’t wait for an answer before shuffling off to his pod.
“These look good.” Beckett grabbed a purple fruit from a bowl in the center of the table and sat down on one of the chairs. 
Jones took a yellow fruit and sniffed it. “Doesn’t smell like a lemon. Smells sweet.” He sat down at the table too.
“You all seem to be taking this rather nonchalantly,” said Zarah, crossing her arms over her chest.
“None of us are surprised. You know you’re not surprised either. Ever since we opened our eyes up on this planet, we knew we were trapped,” said Jones.
Zarah shifted on her feet. “No, not surprised. Outraged.”
“That seems like a waste of energy to me,” said Jones. He bit into the yellow fruit. “Hmm…this is good! You should have some.” He motioned to the bowl on the table and then to the chair beside him. 
Zarah was hungry. She sighed, grabbed one of the yellow fruits and sat down beside Jones.
“When are we going out?” asked Beckett. “Maybe it would be best if I catch a little sleep before we leave too.”
“I’ll wake you,” said Zarah.
“Thanks.” Beckett stood and found his pod. As he lay there, he went through all he had learned about the operation of the teleport device. But sleep found him quickly. It had been a long day.

***

A life without consequence - that’s what it had been so far. No one knew his name. No one cared about what he did. But that was all about to change. He would make them notice him. His finger hesitated over the button. Should he give the world just one more chance? But what kind of chance had it given him? But he couldn’t make himself do it. The cold plastic under his fingertip made his gut clench. When it came down to it, he had to admit he didn’t really want to be alone for the rest of his life. He could just let himself get the infection, too, with the rest. But what kind of revenge would that be? He groaned in frustration. The utterance ended in a shout as he slammed his fist into the metal table. He pushed back and stood so abruptly that the chair behind him fell over and clattered to the metal floor.
Maybe he’d just threaten them. But would the world believe him? How would they know it was true? Ah, he could show them his experimental subjects. That would put the fear into them. He could send some scientist a sample of the virus. They wouldn’t be able to synthesize a vaccine or a cure. Not in time, anyway. Yes, to build suspense first, that was the way. He walked to his computer and began tapping away at the keys. Yes. Soon, everyone would know his name. 
James Beckett awoke with a start. He sat up in bed. His heart was pounding in his chest. He didn’t usually dream things like that! It had been a strange dream. He had been about to release the virus known as ‘the darkness’ onto the world. But he had never felt like that, had he? Never felt nameless, with no connection to those around him. He cared about people. He liked to help. But the dream was unsettling. This strange planet and the aliens with their telepathic powers. Was it just a dream or was it something more? Had something seeped into his mind from somewhere else, someone else? Or was it a warning? Beckett didn’t like puzzles without solutions. This whole trip had been like a puzzle without the box top as a guide. He looked at the clock. Two hours had passed. It must be completely dark by now. When was Zarah planning to go out? Tiredness swept over him in waves. He decided to try to get more sleep if he could. Beckett closed his eyes. The dream came back to him as he drifted off. He would never do something like that…But there was something familiar about the feelings. That no one cared about him. He scoffed inwardly and pushed the feelings aside, just on the edge of sleep. Wasn’t it just the other day that Captain Zarah had risked herself to protect him when there was a fire in the engine room? They needed him. He wasn’t going to let them down. 

***

The negotiator had arrived. When they had seen the evidence, they believed. It had not even been difficult to convince them. The world leaders had begged him not to induce panic in the general population - not to tell the people. But he had taken it as an invitation and hacked every major news station to play the footage of the experiments he had conducted. He included the conversations he’d had with the world leaders for good measure. Inducing mass hysteria sure felt good.
She came in slowly. He pointed his weapon at her. She raised her hands. The woman was petite and had the most amazing, long blond hair. She triggered a memory somewhere in his brain but he couldn’t quite bring it to the fore. 
“I’m unarmed,” she said quietly. 
He pushed her up against the wall and searched her roughly for weapons. Her wide blue eyes stared into his face, fearfully. She had no weapons. He glowered down at her. “So negotiate,” he snapped.
“Please…we’ll do whatever you want. Just don’t do it.”

***

Beckett snapped awake. There was tension in his gut. This dream was even worse than the last one! What was wrong with him, dreaming such things? He had liked the power he’d had over the girl in the dream. The thought sickened him. And now he knew who she was, too. Sherri, one of his best friends from high school. He would never have treated her like that. His mind drifted back to a time when they had been close.

***

This was it. James was going to ask her out. Sherri was one of the most popular girls in the entire school and beautiful too. And she was his best friend. They were sitting in his basement on a sofa of faded flowers, lights on. The credits were rolling, the movie over.
Sherri turned to look at him and smiled tentatively. It’s now or never, he thought. But she spoke first.
“I just wanted to thank you.”
“For what?”
“For always being there for me. For really listening to me. And especially for never hitting on me like all the other guys do. I feel so safe with you. You’re like the good brother I never had. I’m so glad we’re friends.” She smiled and her blue eyes sparkled with such sincere happiness.
He swallowed the words on his tongue and smiled back. “I’m glad we’re friends too.”

***

So, of course Beckett had never told her that he loved her. Never asked her out. Because that’s the kind of person he was, one who cared about other people. He felt that he had to defend himself against the dream. He wasn’t like that man, the power-craving bully in the dream. When he thought about Sherri, though, a faint sadness echoed up from somewhere hollow in his heart. He had been sure they would be friends forever. But, during their senior year of high school, she had dated someone and it got serious. It was like…she didn’t need him anymore. She was married now, with two kids, last he heard. Beckett pushed the feelings away. This line of thinking wasn’t going to do any good. He looked at the clock. Three more hours had passed. Should he go looking for Zarah? Had she fallen asleep or changed her mind? No, he’d just wait for her to come get him. He didn’t want to wake her if she’d changed her mind. But Beckett knew he wouldn’t be able to sleep again, not with those crazy dreams still lingering in his mind. 
He climbed out of bed, hoping to shake the heaviness. Maybe the devil was just messing with him. But what the enemy meant for evil, God could use for good. Beckett reached for his Bible, lying on the table near his bed. He grabbed it and shambled out into the dining area. I’ll read and pray for peace while I wait to see if Zarah’s still up for this mission. But she didn’t come out before he saw the yellow light of dawn peeking over the horizon through the window, bathing the alien city in a soft glow. 
Friend walked into the replica dining area, feeling ill. He saw Beckett sitting alone at the table. The book of Truth lay open before him and he looked up as Friend approached.
“Good morning,” said Beckett.
“Good morning.” Friend smiled tentatively.
“Would you like to sit down for a few minutes? The others aren’t up yet.”
Friend sat down beside him, looked at the book and then back up into Beckett’s face.
“You know the One Who Is. Even though not all your people have peace, you must have peace. Here.” Friend patted his own chest with his palm.
“You mean peace in my heart?”
“Yes. Inner peace because you know The One Who Is.”
“Well, you’d think so. But…it doesn’t always work that way. At least not for me. Do you feel peace right now? You know The One Who Is, right?”
“No, I do not feel peace. We do not agree. I feel pain. If you do not feel peace, what do you feel? Do you feel pain?”
“I don’t know… I guess I feel…sad.”
“Why do you feel sad? Is it because you don’t agree? Because some humans do not believe?”
“No, I don’t think so. We’re not like you. I don’t know what it is really – where this sadness is coming from. It’s just a lingering feeling. Something I’ve struggled with for as long as I can remember.”
“Have you ever asked The One Who Is? Sometimes when I’m stuck, I send out a request to The One Who Is. Some of us find this practice invaluable, others find it quaint, but we all agree it is an acceptable thing to do and that there is no harm in it.”
“And do you get an answer?”
“I feel that I do. We don’t know where the answers come from but we agree that answers seem to come more readily if such a request is sent.”
“I should send a request? What should I ask?”
“Ask Him, ‘Why?’”
Beckett felt awkward, bordering on foolish, with all the eyes of this alien race on him. Was he really going to pray and ask God why he felt sad? Well, why not? He had nothing to lose but his pride. And the Bible said being proud was a sin, anyway. So it would be okay to lose that. Beckett chuckled nervously before folding his hands and closing his eyes.
“God, why do I feel sad?” Immediately and surprisingly, he remembered something from when he was nine years old. His family had gone on an outing to the zoo. Mom had bought a dinosaur stuffy for his older sister and one for his younger brother as well. There hadn’t been enough money to get one for him too. Mom had said that he needed to be the mature one because his younger brother was only three and his older sister had autism. Aloud, Beckett said, “I did remember something that happened when I was a kid, but that couldn’t be still making me sad, could it?” Then he remembered the dream from that morning. The one with Sherri in it. Maybe there was a pattern in his life. Always giving up his own needs for the sake of others. But it was more than that. Somehow he had come to believe that his own needs weren’t important or valid. “I think I have been believing a lie, that my own needs aren’t valid. So I’ve been hiding them, stuffing them away - to be the mature one.”
“I see.” Friend nodded vigorously. “And what is the truth from The One?”
Beckett blinked back the tears as the truth rushed into his heart. The thoughts came to his mind from somewhere outside himself. “God made me the way I am and it’s okay to need.”
Jones walked into the room. Beckett wiped his eyes with his hand and rubbed the dampness onto his pants. Jones gave him a quizzical look. “Good morning. Where’s everyone else?”
“Couldn’t find anything interesting out there,” said Chase, strolling into the room from the main area. He stopped when he saw Friend. Zarah was so close behind him that she bumped into him. 
“You’re both up,” said Beckett. “I thought you were still sleeping.”
Zarah looked at Friend. “We got bored so we went for a walk.”
“I’m surprised you didn’t wake us,” said Jones, indicating himself and Beckett.
“There was no need,” Zarah replied. A look passed between her and Chase.
Friend stood up from the table. “What would you like to do today?”
 “How’s learning the teleport coming along? I know you were very interested in it,” Zarah said to Beckett. 
“It’s a complex device. I’d love to study it more.”
“Certainly, we can go back there again today,” said Friend.
“I think I’ll have a shower first,” said Zarah. “Friend, why don’t you and Beckett head over there and we’ll meet you a little later.”
Friend hesitated. He got that distant look again for several long moments. Then his eyes snapped back to Zarah. “No. We will wait for you.” He smiled. “There is no hurry and we feel it would be better if we stayed together.”
“Actually, I think I’d like to go back up to the ship now,” Zarah snapped.
“No.” Friend replied. He hadn’t even bothered to get the distant look in his eyes.
“What do you mean, no? Are we prisoners here?” asked Zarah, her voice raised.
Beckett tried to catch her eye. He felt that she was making a serious mistake. It would be a bad idea to get the aliens on the defensive.
“You are our guests. We enjoy you.”
“But we are not enjoying. We want to go back to our ship!”
“We enjoy you. You will stay here.”
Zarah crossed her arms. “And just how long will we be your guests? When are you going to let us go?”
“There is so much we want to learn!” This time Friend did look away and grow still for a moment.
Beckett moved closer to the captain and put a hand on her arm. She shook him off. 
“Might as well get everything out into the open,” Zarah said.
“You are our guests,” Friend repeated. “We enjoy you. You will stay with us.”
“Forever?!” demanded Zarah.
Friend shrugged. Beckett didn’t even know he could do that. Perhaps he had picked it up from the crew. 
“What is that supposed to mean?” asked Chase. “The captain asked you a question.”
“We wonder if we could learn even more from other humans. We’re learning about your spaceship, the Crave. We enjoy it. But we think we could make an even better one. Wouldn’t it be beautiful to grow trees on a spaceship?” 
“I designed and built that ship,” said Beckett, actively trying to side-track the conversation. He didn’t like where this was headed at all. Zarah had her hands balled into fists at her sides and she was standing entirely too close to Friend. They were really out-gunned here so they had to play this right. Tact would be their best course, but how to convey this to Zarah?
“We enjoy your ship, Beckett. Would you like to see ours?” Friend smiled and tilted his head a little to the side. 
Chase thought the motion comical and barely kept from laughing out loud. The alien reminded him of a dog he used to have. Then he looked at Zarah. She looked like she was about to explode. He tensed, ready to back her up. 
“Wait. You’ve built a ship already?” asked Zarah.
“Yes. Some of us are very gifted in the area of manufacturing.” Friend smiled again.
“Just what are you planning to do with your ship?” asked Zarah, accusingly.
“We will go to Earth, to learn more.”
“No. You are not welcome,” said Zarah.
“We will go to Earth and enjoy.” Friend looked a little confused at Zarah’s tone and proximity but still his mouth rested in a slight smile. Which the Captain took as a smirk. 
“You think you can just steal our technology and then invade our planet? That’s not okay! Do you understand what I’m telling you?” She was shouting right in the alien’s face now.
 “No, I don’t.” Friend tried to back away but, faster than Beckett could register the action, Zarah had rammed her fist into his gut. 
Friend cried out. He pushed her away, with surprising force, so that she staggered backwards and fell. Before Beckett could even react, Chase and Jones were on Friend, pounding him with fists and feet until he lay on the ground, moaning. Beckett was horrified. What had they done!?
Zarah picked herself up, glancing first at Friend crumpled on the ground and then at the door. “Let’s get out of here.”
But they were too late. They rushed out the door of the facsimile dining area only to be greeted by several wide-eyed, white aliens. With punches and kicks, much the same as Friend had received, they were herded towards a narrow open door. The humans fought back but were easily overpowered. Roughly, they were shoved inside. The door slammed shut, leaving them in semi-darkness.
“Why were you being such a hot-head?” shouted Beckett, turning on Zarah. “Is this really better? Is this what you wanted?”
She stepped towards his towering frame, instead of away as he had expected. “At least now we know how things really are!” she shouted back.
“Maybe, how things really are would have been different if you hadn’t gone off on Friend! What have you done!? Pretty much ruined any chance of escape we might have had!”
Jones stepped between them and put a hand on Beckett’s chest. “That’s enough. You don’t yell at the captain.” His voice was quiet and even but the look on his face made the fight go out of Beckett.
“I was just about to kick his head in,” said Zarah.
“Just give the word, Captain. You won’t have to get your hands dirty.” Jones shoved Beckett, causing him to stumble back a few steps.
He knew Jones was right. Even if Zarah had gotten them into trouble, he shouldn’t have shouted at her like that. “Sorry, Captain,” he mumbled, backing up to lean against a wall.
Zarah didn’t say anything but began to pace the small room. It appeared to be some sort of large storage closet, with two of the walls lined with shelves and boxes. 
“Those aliens have super-strength. They’re like Spock or something. They seem all quiet and then, ‘Whamo!’” muttered Chase. 
The door flung open. Friend stood in the doorway, looking no worse for wear after his beating. At least it looked like Friend. The others backed away but Beckett approached the alien. 
“Friend?” asked Beckett.
“Yes.” He glanced back out into the main area. Then he stepped inside the closet with them and closed the door, shutting out the light that came in through the windows in the open area. He looked at the four crewmembers, unsmiling. “We did not enjoy.”
“Now you know how we feel,” Zarah spat. “We don’t like what you’re doing to us.”
Friend sighed. He slid down, his back against the door, and sat on the floor, cross-legged, like a child sitting for story time. “Do you like it here?” He gestured around the closet.
“No,” said Zarah.
“Do you like what you did to me? Would you like to receive it, I mean?”
“No,” Zarah replied.
Friend sighed again. The happy, playful glint was gone from his eyes. “We do not agree. Some feel you should remain here. Some want to do to you what you did to us – until you fall on the floor and can’t get up. Others want to just clean up and learn, like we would after an experiment that has gone wrong.”
Beckett didn’t like the sound of any of those options. “What do you want?” he asked Friend.
“I just want to clean up…This must be some kind of misunderstanding. Because I didn’t understand. Once I caused a powerful explosion during my experimentation. It hurt very much too. But there was nothing for it but to clean up and learn what I could. I think that situation is like this one.” He pressed his hand to his gut. “There is strong disagreement.” The door latch turned above him and the door pressed inward a little and bumped against his back. “Some strongly wish to do to you what you have done to us. But I will sit here to prevent it. If they carry out their plan, I worry you may not be okay.” He looked around the little group, his eyes resting for a moment on each face. In the dim light, Beckett could see that Friend looked afraid. 
“So…you’re protecting us?” Beckett asked.
But Friend didn’t say anything. He just closed his eyes and held his stomach with both hands. 
Beckett sat down beside him. “I’m sorry.”
“But you didn’t do anything.”
“I’m not a fighter. I make things, not wreck them.”
Friend nodded. “I guess that’s what I want to be like too.”
Jones came and sat on the other side of the alien. He looked down at the concrete floor. Then his dark eyes darted up to Friend’s face. “I’m sorry too. Glad to see you’re alright.”
They regarded each other silently for a long moment. It was odd seeing the large dark man juxtaposed with the small, white alien.
“In your culture, what should I say now?” Friend asked.
“Now you tell me if you accept my apology, if you forgive me. Or if you are still angry and are going to get back at me for what I’ve done.”
“Which should I say?” asked Friend, still staring at Jones.
“You get to decide,” Jones said quietly.
“Then I choose to forgive and to accept your apology.”
“Thanks,” said Jones with a small smile. “Friends?” He held out his hand. 
Friend took his hand, shook it and smiled, relief spreading across his face. “We agree now. I may learn and carry on with you.” He stood up and opened the door. The area beyond was empty. “Let’s go outside. It’s a beautiful day! I don’t think we’ll look at the teleport today.”
Zarah, arms crossed over her chest, wouldn’t look at Beckett or Friend as she followed Jones out the door.
They spent a long day tromping around the city as Friend showed them various trees, flowers and buildings. Zarah didn’t have much interest in agriculture or architecture so she viewed the whole experience as a slow punishment of sorts. That evening, Friend brought them to his own home, where they ate fruit fresh from the trees. Zarah was getting sick of the sticky sweet fare. But she ate while Friend grinned at them all. He seemed to have enjoyed himself. Zarah hoped that he had learned something from his earlier beating. Though that seemed unlikely. She hadn’t apologized to the alien or to Beckett. Because she wasn’t sorry for what she’d done. She couldn’t let the aliens think they were helpless. Have to at least go down with a fight. But she was sorry that it seemed they had been banished from the Advanced Technology Headquarters.
That evening, Beckett was sitting on Friend’s blue sofa-like structure. Zarah saw him sitting there and walked towards him. Beckett smiled at her. She felt relieved. Although she hadn’t apologized, she didn’t want him to be angry with her. Zarah took a seat beside him, at an acceptable social distance. 
Beckett was relieved to see Zarah approach, smile and sit beside him. “I’m sorry about before. I was out of line,” he said.
Zarah nodded. “Let’s not talk about it.”
“Okay.” After praying with Friend about Sherri and about what life was like for him growing up, he felt so much better, even with everything else that had happened. Now he wondered if he could do the same for Zarah, but was she really still mad about that morning? Maybe she didn’t trust him at all. She had gone exploring with only Chase, leaving Jones and him sleeping. He glanced over at her and found her watching him. Her intense green eyes made his breath catch in his throat. Was she hurting inside too? He thought about the celebration dinner they had shared aboard the Crave. Did she ever think about it? He glanced up at her but she was looking at the wall, staring far away. 
“Do you ever think about our celebration dinner?”
“Not the time or the place, Beckett.” She didn’t meet his gaze.
“Why not?”
 “You seem pretty sure of these aliens,” she said, looking at Friend.
“Friend seems like an honest person.”
“They’re not people,” she snapped, folding her arms over her chest. “I know we can’t trust them. We’re already trapped. They’re building a ship to go to Earth to do who knows what and we’re just waiting for the other shoe to drop.”
Beckett didn’t know what to say. He didn’t want to speculate about what the aliens would do. I want to get to know you, Calista. But he said nothing more. Soon Zarah stood and walked over to Chase. They stood close together and spoke in hushed tones. An ‘us against them’ feeling was beginning to divide the crew. Beckett didn’t like it at all. 
Later that evening, Friend escorted them back to their replicated living quarters. After they’d all gone inside, Friend stood on the threshold. He looked at these strange beings with a squeezing feeling in his heart. So fragile yet so brazen and reckless! Foreign, yet beautiful, creatures fashioned by the creator. Praise be to The One Who Is! “I am glad you are alright. I had a pleasant time afterwards. We enjoyed. Sleep well.” He left and the door closed. 
Beckett thought he heard a faint click. Zarah heard it too and rushed at the closed door. It didn’t open. She pushed.
“Locked,” she spat.
“Isn’t that a fire hazard or something?” asked Chase.
“Guess they don’t feel they can trust us,” Jones remarked. 
Chase laughed. “Wonder why?”
Zarah glared at them all, then walked to her pod and closed the door.
The next day passed in much the same way. They spent most of their time outside, with Friend. He explained that he usually didn’t get out much, so for him it was like a holiday. 
In the late afternoon, Beckett found himself alone with the Captain. They were sitting together under a cluster of fruit trees. A light breeze blew through the orchard. Beckett thought it was nice to be outside again. Even this alien world was preferable to shipboard life. There was beauty here. He looked from the sky to Zarah. 
She was leaning back, resting against a tree trunk with her eyes closed, breathing deeply. Beckett stared. Her eyes opened and she saw him looking. Beckett smiled and laughed awkwardly as he looked away.
“Didn’t mean to stare. I was just wondering if you were asleep,” he said.
“I do think about our kiss sometimes.”
“What?”
“You asked me if I think about it. Well, I do.”
Beckett looked at her and smiled. “I do too.”
“Yeah? What do you think about it?”
“It was nice. So beautiful. But…”
“But?” she prompted.
“Zarah, why don’t you believe in God?”
“What? Way to ruin the mood, Beckett.”
“Has something happened in your past that’s made you not want to trust someone else?”
Zarah stood abruptly and crossed her arms. “I didn’t think this was the sort of conversation you were angling for yesterday.”
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to upset you.”
“I know God doesn’t exist! I know I can’t trust anyone! I was a slave!”
The revelation floored Beckett and his mouth dropped open. “Zarah, I -”
“Shut it, Beckett, before I shut it for you. I really feel like kicking your head in right now but, seeing as we need you with your brain intact…” Zarah turned and strode away. She blinked tears back as her boots pressed into the soft soil with every quick step. 
Beckett’s mind was spinning. Most slaves were terribly abused during their childhood, their teen years and often into adulthood, until they either died or were able to escape. He had never heard of a slave gaining a position in the military. Most slaves couldn’t read or write. Maybe she was lying... But she had been so angry. It must be true. No wonder she hated God. 


Chapter 7 – Escape and Secret Orders

“Okay, today I will teach you about the teleport again,” Friend announced, as he walked through the doorway into their replica Crave dining area.
The four humans were seated around the dining room table. Zarah looked at him suspiciously. Why this change of heart?
Beckett stood up, a neutral expressional on his face. “Sounds fun.”
Zarah stood and stretched, trying to not look too eager. The night before, she and Beckett had spoken about what they would do if they ever got to see the transporter again. He was ready to try.
Jones pulled his impressive frame out of the chair and cracked his neck from side to side. “Great. Ready to see something other than trees.”
They followed Friend out of the Crave replica. He led them through the building and outside. Chase could hardly believe their good luck. He looked at Zarah. A meaningful glanced passed between them. This could be it.
Friend pushed open the glass door to the blue, cube-shaped building. He smiled as he held the door for them. Holding the door - it was a nice gesture - something else he had learned from the humankind. He concentrated on his fondness of them. And on the enjoyment they were sure to have that day. Friend led them to the room that housed what the humans referred to as the teleport device. Then he made a picture of clear cups of sparkling water appear in his mind.
“Oh, I forgot. I was going to get you water. Would you like water?” He smiled and waited for their answer.
Friend met Beckett’s gaze and there seemed to be a question in his eyes. But all he said was, “Yes, thank you, that would be wonderful.”
“Zarah, would you also like water?” asked Friend.
“Yes, thank you. We would enjoy that very much.”
Friend turned and walked to the other end of the building keeping his mind focused on the image of sparkling water.
Zarah waited until Friend was out of sight. “Jones, close the door. Beckett, get this thing operational!” She pointed to the teleport device.
Friend must be giving them a chance to get away! Beckett ran to the machine and flipped the switch to turn it on. The device started to hum and a blue light flooded the room. He prayed that he would remember how to use it, that it would warm up fast enough, that they would be gone before Friend arrived and that they wouldn’t be interrupted. 
“This is a lucky break. Hurry, Beckett!” said Zarah.
“Suspiciously lucky,” murmured Jones.
“Can’t control the machine’s warm-up cycle.” Beckett looked at the others in turn. “I think Friend’s letting us get away.”
“A tricky business, them being telepathic and all,” said Jones.
Beckett studied the controls as he waited for the machine to be ready. “I hope he can pull it off. He’s a real Friend. Hope they never know that he let us get away deliberately.”
“Whatever’s going on here, this is our chance. We need to take control of the situation,” said Zarah, coming to stand beside Beckett. “Do you know how long this will take?”
“I didn’t time it precisely when Friend was teaching me but I know it’s longer than five minutes but less than ten.”
“That long.” Zarah shook her head. She looked around the room thinking about how they could barricade the door. Most of the things in the room looked too heavy to move. Then she noticed that, across the room, was another door. She walked to the door they had come through, inspecting it for any way to lock it. Nothing. Entirely too trusting. Except when it came to the humans. But, she conceded, that was her fault. They had taught the aliens not to trust by beating on Friend. Finally she admitted to herself that it had not been a wise move. She’d try to take Beckett’s advice next time. If there ever was a next time. He had a good head on his shoulders. “Chase, Jones, come over here. We’ve got to keep this door closed.” 
But before the men could reach her, the door opened. Friend stood there in the doorway. His face fell and she saw the disappointment there, but only for a moment. Then he held up a tray towards them. Chase stepped quickly towards Friend.
Zarah took a glass. “Thank you.” She smiled at the alien and then at her men. “This looks wonderful.”
The men, on reaching the door, also took a glass of water. 
“I started practicing already,” Beckett called from where he stood at the teleport. “I hope you don’t mind.”
“Of course not.” Friend smiled widely. “That’s what we’re here to do. Practice the teleport and enjoy. If you do things you enjoy, then we will enjoy.”
Beckett made the calculations and started flicking switches on the machine. “Right. Makes a lot of sense.” So, that’s how he sold the others on it. He really was a friend. Too bad they wouldn’t get to say goodbye.
“Beckett, would you also like water?” 
“Yes, thank you, in just a minute. Just about to try something here.”
“Very well. I will also partake in this beverage.” Friend put the clear glass tumbler to his lips and took a small sip. “We enjoy what we have learned from you very much.” 
Beckett pressed the button to activate the beam. A bright white light flashed around them. A blast of intense heat exploded. Beckett crumpled to the ground, his hand reaching out to the metal surface of the machine to steady himself. But his fingers swiped through nothing but air. Then the heat faded and he found himself in the control module of the Crave. He looked around. Zarah, Chase and Jones were there.
“Beckett, you did it!” cried Zarah.
“We have to do it now!” Chase shouted. “They could yank us back down with their beamy thing any second. We have no way to protect ourselves from it. Do it now! Do it now!”
“Take a deep breath, Soldier. And then shut your mouth,” said Zarah. Setting the glass tumbler on the floor, she sat down in the captain’s chair and pulled up the program she would need to use.
“What’s he talking about?” asked Beckett, urgently.
“Captain, what are you doing?” asked Jones.
“You know,” she said. 
“I formally object. I don’t think you should do it. Bad idea.”
“Noted.” She made several keystrokes. “Chase, you’ll need to enter your release codes too.”
Chase scurried into his chair and typed something into the keypad.
“What’s happening?” asked Beckett.
“Don’t tell him,” Zarah ordered. Jones closed his mouth and scowled. 
A rocket roared away from the ship towards the green orb below. “You’re not going to nuke the planet, are you?!” Beckett asked urgently. The ship had never been designed to carry weapons. This can’t be happening!
Chase leaned back into his chair and laughed – not a nice sound. “It’s not a nuke.”
“What is it?” Beckett demanded. 
Zarah leaned an elbow on the console and put her head in her hand. “Jones, tell him,” she whispered. The captain was stricken. Not absolutely sure she had made the right choice, she was horrified at what she had done.
“It’s the virus,” said Jones, flatly.
“What virus?”
“The virus. It’s the darkness.”
The dream! Had it been some sort of warning after all? “What?! No! What about Friend? He was on our side! He wanted to let us go. He did let us go! You know he could have prevented our escape if he had hustled faster. And what about all the other people down there? They were divided; many of them may have wanted to let us go!”
“They never harmed us,” said Jones. He turned and walked out of the cockpit. 
Zarah was tormented by Jones’ words. It was true. The aliens had never harmed them. And now, perhaps, their race would be wiped out or at least brought down to a level where humans would be safe from them forever.
The darkness was a genetically engineered virus that had spread across the earth fifty years ago. By the time that plague was contained, over three- quarters of Earth’s population had been wiped out. Their generation had been born into a world that had been ravaged by darkness. The virus had spread impossibly quickly. Those affected became aggressive and lost much of their brain function, including the areas of memory, reasoning, and motor control. 
“Soon they’ll all be dead,” said Chase.
“Friend said they don’t die,” Zarah reminded him.
“Probably just made that up,” said Chase. “And, if it’s true, well then…Too bad for them.”
To suffer the darkness but not to be able to escape through death. Zarah shuddered. “Beckett, get Jones. We’re leaving and I want him strapped in.”
Beckett moved to the hatch. To have come all this way to meet a new and different race, to have brought them the Bible only, now, to attack and contaminate them forever! He hustled down the short hall. It was wrong, horribly wrong, but he was powerless to change what had been done. He stuck his head into Jones’ sleeping pod. “Jones, the captain wants you up front. We’re breaking orbit.”
The big man thumped towards him. Beckett moved out of the way to let him pass. 
Once they were strapped in, Chase tapped the screen to call up the departure sequence.
Zarah squinted at her screen. “Red lights are flashing here. How serious is this, Beckett?” 
“Just go. I’ll fix whatever it is on the way.”
The captain pressed the button instructing the ship to break orbit. Nothing happened. She looked at the screen again. “It says ‘Error’! Beckett, it’s not working!”
Beckett unfastened the harness binding him to the seat and squeezed up into the narrow space beside the captain’s chair. He looked down at the screen and shook his head. “Too many system failures.” Beckett, with Zarah, Chase and Jones assisting him, started on the repairs immediately. After working for forty-two hours without sleep, Beckett was making what he hoped would be the final repair to the star drive. Suddenly, there was an explosion of intense light and heat. Had one of the ship’s systems gone critical? But, as the teleport room came into view around them, his heart sank.


Chapter 8 - Consequences

“How’d we get back here?” demanded Chase.
Friend was lying on the ground beside the teleport device. “I pressed the recall button when I saw darkness come…What have you done? When we saw the fire tube descend on our planet, we didn’t try to stop it. We were curious. It landed outside the city. We didn’t think it could hurt us. Some of us went to see it. But now…Everywhere darkness…You need to help us… please!” His blue eyes were wide with panic. “I thought we were friends? What have you done to us? Pain…horror!” He put a hand to his forehead and seemed to pass out.
“Get us out of here!” yelled Chase. “Beckett, can you make this thing go?” He walked over to the teleport and put his hands on the device.
Beckett ignored him. He knelt down beside Friend.
“Don’t touch it!” shouted Chase. “It might have the sickness.”
“His eyes are still blue,” said Jones.
The sickness caused the eyes of those infected to turn completely black, even the white part of the eye. That’s why the sickness had been dubbed ‘the darkness’, that and the fact that those infected had a strong aversion to sunlight.
Zarah stood as if she was frozen in place. Should she order Beckett to get the teleport working again or should she let him help the alien? Would he do it if she ordered him? Could she make him abandon Friend? Should she? But she had already made this choice. They had to get away while they still had a chance. There was nothing they could do for the aliens now anyway. 
“Beckett, we need you to work this teleport for us. We have to get out of here. There’s nothing you can do for him.” Their eyes locked. She could see anger in his face. She thought he would refuse.
“Fine.” The word was clipped and cold. He left Friend moaning on the ground, stepped over him and looked at the teleport interface.
“Good man,” said Chase, slapping him on the back.
Beckett stopped and looked at him in a way that made the shorter man take a step back. 
Beckett turned a dial and flicked a switch. “The teleport has been powered down. I’ll get it working and send the three of you back up. I’m staying.”
“No,” said Zarah. “You’re coming too. We need you to fix the ship.”
“You’ll figure out what to do. The three of you know the ship almost as well as I do at this point.”
“Beckett, you’re returning to the ship with us. That’s an order.”
“I’m staying.” The machine emitted a bluish light and hummed as it started the warm-up cycle. “You know you were never really my boss, right?” He smiled a little then, sadly, but he didn’t meet her gaze. 
“Beckett…”
“The three of you know the ship almost as well as I do now,” he repeated. “You’ll be able to keep her together for the trip home.”
“But what about you?”
“I’m staying here.”
“What about the darkness?”
Beckett didn’t reply. The machine continued to hum.
“No, no, no…” Friend gasped from where he lay on the floor.
“Freaky clown thinks he’s going to stop us getting away. Let’s go,” said Chase.
Impulsively, Zarah reached out and put her arms around Beckett. He was so tall. She rested her head on his chest for a moment. “I wish things could have been different between us,” she whispered. 
He returned the embrace. His big hands felt so good on her back. 
“Me too.” He released her. “There are things I wish I could have told you.”
“Enough with the lovey-dovey or we’re all gonna die!” Chase shouted, anger in his voice.
“The machine’s not even ready yet.” Beckett let go of Zarah and looked at the device. 
Running footfalls sounded in the hall. Zarah reached down to her hip but grasped only air. The guns were still in the weapon locker up on the Crave. Zarah cursed.
“Press the button,” screeched Chase. 
“I can’t! It’s not ready yet!” shouted Beckett.
The sound of shouting and snarling came from just beyond the doorway.
Friend moaned. “They’re looking for me. Run!” He pulled himself into a sitting position and then stood. “We have to run. They’re…not right.”
“You’d just slow us down, Freak. You’re not right either.” Chase, wide-eyed, glanced around the room for a means of escape. Then he took off, sprinting towards the closed door on the far side of the room.
“No, not that way!” called Friend.
Chase flung open the door. Snarling, black-eyed aliens lunged at him. Chase fell backward and landed on top of a piece of metal machinery. Before the rest of the crew could react, Friend was there, between Chase and the infected aliens. Chase struggled to right himself. He was bleeding from the back of his thigh. 
“Run!” said Friend. 
But Chase was limping too badly. The horde overwhelmed Friend. As he touched the writhing mass of comrades, all hope drained from his mind. Darkness blinded his vision until he knew no more.
“Chase isn’t going to make it without help,” said Jones. “We can’t let him be lost to darkness. Beckett!” Jones was already running towards Chase. 
Beckett followed, fear twisting his gut. He could see that they weren’t going to be able to get Chase out without the aliens touching them. Then they’d be infected too. They reached their fallen crewmember but Jones blew past Chase, launching himself into the advancing black-eyed monsters. Beckett reached Chase and hauled him up. He half-carried, half-dragged him towards the other doorway.
Zarah watched in horror as the monsters attacked Jones, ripping off pieces of flesh, sinking their teeth into what was left and crunching his bones. 
“Run!” cried Beckett, racing past her with the limping Chase. Zarah snapped to herself and followed them. They ran out of the building into daylight.
“We have to get out of the city!” Zarah shouted. “We need to put as much distance between ourselves and them as we can.” She set out between the buildings at as fast a pace as she could manage. Beckett and Chase were keeping up, close behind. After about twenty minutes, Zarah called a halt to their flight. She stopped in one of the many city parks. It was an open place with no buildings or shadows. 
“We’ll rest here,” said the captain.
Beckett helped Chase to sit down on a bench. Blood soaked his uniform and ran down his pant leg. He was losing too much. Zarah had some basic medical supplies in the pockets of her uniform. She moved over to where Chase sat.
“I’ll need to take a look at that. Stand up and drop your pants, Soldier.”
There were tears in his eyes. “Jones is dead. And it’s my fault.”
“Tend the wound first; talk later,” Zarah snapped. “Beckett, help him stand up. I need to get this bleeding stopped.”
Beckett took Chase’s arm and helped him up. Chase turned around, fumbled with his belt and let his pants fall down. Zarah knelt down behind him to take a look at the wound in the back of his thigh. It was deep and the edges were ragged. She took out the disinfectant wipes and cleaned around the wound the best she could. Then she pulled out the gauze and the tape. If she could just stop the flow of blood, he’d be fine.
“He died and it was my fault.” Chase had his hands balled into fists.
“He chose to save you,” said Beckett. “Jones didn’t just grab you and try to run. He knew you’d never make it if he did that. The aliens were too close. He chose to sacrifice himself so that you could get away.”
“But…why would he do it?” he asked, anger in his voice.
“Said he didn’t want you to be lost to darkness,” Zarah spoke quietly from where she knelt behind him.
“But now Jones is lost to the darkness,” whispered Chase.
Beckett shook his head. “No. He wasn’t lost to darkness. Jones was a believer. He’s gone home to his reward.” 
Zarah pulled the wound closed, using the medical tape. Then she taped gauze over top. “There. Let’s rest here for a couple of hours and wait for that to scab over so the bleeding stops.”
“I don’t understand why he would do it.” Chase pulled up his pants and fastened the belt. Beckett helped him turn and ease back down onto the bench. 
Captain Zarah was sitting on the moss-like vegetation, tears streaming down her face.
“Was it that bad?” asked Chase, patting his leg.
“No. I think you’re going to be all right.” She wiped the tears from her cheeks and neck. “I can’t believe we lost Jones.”
“I’m sorry, Captain.”
Zarah stood, a new fire in her eyes. “You should be! You go running off, cause us to lose Friend and Jones and get yourself injured. You’re a liability!” She walked briskly away, stopped at one of the trees and picked a red fruit. Peeling it, she found another bench, facing away from them, and sat down.
“I am a liability. That was really a stupid move.” Tears clouded the man’s brown eyes again. “And now I’m gushing blood and I stink.” Chase inhaled deeply. “The blood stinks like raw meat. And that’s all we are to these aliens now. That’s all Jones was. Did you see how they ripped him apart and then sank their teeth into his flesh? A terrible way to go. We’re all just raw meat to them now. I got Jones killed. You all should have let me die.”
Beckett rested a hand on Chase’s arm. As he breathed in, he tried not to think about raw meat but he had to swallow and turn away from Chase for a moment. Blood didn’t smell coppery like they said in books. It really did smell a lot more like raw meat. With his face turned completely away, he thought about how the teleport operated instead. Finally he was able to speak without gagging. “That’s not what Jones wanted. Before we left Earth, he told me that he wouldn’t be going home again. Somehow, he knew. The Bible says, ‘A greater love has no man than this, that he lays down his life for his friends’. Jones died a hero’s death and he’s gone to receive his reward. He will never experience sadness or pain ever again.”
Chase cried in earnest then. “But what can I do? How can I make it up or…get rid of this feeling?” He thumped his chest with a fist and squeezed his eyes closed in anguish. 
“I know what Jones wanted for you. He wanted you to believe.”
“In God?”
Beckett nodded.
Chase slammed his fist down on the metal armrest beside him. “I do believe!” he wailed. “But I know that God can never forgive me.”
“God will forgive you for every sin. He will forgive you for Jones’ death. God won’t hold that against you if you repent.”
“It’s not just that,” Chase’s voice dropped to a whisper.
Beckett looked at him, waiting for him to speak again. The air was getting warmer as the sun climbed higher in the sky. Chase wrung his hands together. 
“I…It was six years ago. I used to be married to a wonderful woman. I had two kids, a little boy and a little girl. They all died in a car crash.”
“I’m so sorry to hear that,” Beckett put his hand on Chase’s arm again.
Chase shook him off. “I killed them!” He hunched forward and covered his face in shame. “I killed them! It was me! I did it! I was driving drunk, turned the wrong way on the freeway and drove into a truck. I walked away but they were all dead. My little girl hung on for a few months at the hospital but, finally, they had to let her go because she wasn’t coming back.” The tears closed off his voice so he couldn’t say anything more.
“But the judge let you off?” If someone got a DUI that resulted in a death, they would be given a prison sentence and dismissed from the military. 
Chase shook his head. “My cousin’s a cop, high up in the ranks. He responded to the call and falsified my breathalyzer record. He made it go away. And I paid him.” Chase didn’t look up, only buried his face in his hands and doubled over with a terrible pain in his gut. They really should have just let me die. Beckett’s silence confirmed the truth. God would not forgive that. Jones should not have died for him. Not for me.
“Hey, Chase?” Beckett touched the man’s arm again to get his attention. “Do you believe in the Bible?”
“Yeah, I guess,” he said miserably.
“Well, the Bible says, if we confess our sin, he is faithful and just to forgive us our sin and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.”
Chase looked up from where he sat, still doubled over in turmoil. “Confess – like you mean to the police?” 
“It means confess to God. Admit what you’ve done, be truly sorry for it and determine to try to live God’s way from now on.”
“But I’d have to confess to the police too, wouldn’t I?”
“That’s a call that you’d have to make.”
“I have to. I just can’t live under this any longer. I’ve always believed in God. Just didn’t follow him. Now I really wish that I had.” He swiped at the tears that were tracking down his cheeks and drew a ragged breath. “God…I do confess it. I’m sorry – you know I’m so sorry. If you let me live and get back home, I will confess it to the police. And if I die here, well…I’ve confessed it to you now so I …wish you would make everything right between us. I know I don’t deserve to ask but…please save me from the horror I feel inside.” He pressed his fist against his gut.
“Chase, the Bible tells us that, if we confess our sin, he is faithful and just to forgive us our sin and cleanse us from all unrighteousness. So, I declare to you now, you are completely forgiven. Do you accept God’s forgiveness?”
He wiped more tears from his face, straightened and looked Beckett in the eyes. “Yes. I have to. I need him.” He closed his eyes and clasped his hands together.
“And do you forgive yourself?”
He opened his eyes, which were again filled with tears. “Forgive myself…How can I? What does it matter anyway?”
“You want to keep punishing yourself instead?”
“Yes. You and I both know – I don’t deserve to be forgiven.”
Beckett sat back for a moment and looked into the sky. “What do you suppose it means when God declares you free from guilt but you insist you still need to be punished?”
“I don’t know. What?”
“I think it’s like you’re saying that you know better than God. Chase, you’re not a higher moral authority than God. To say that you know better than God would be…
“Stupid,” Chase replied.
Beckett laughed while wiping the tears from his own eyes. “Well, yes. And it would also be pride.”
“Oh.” Chase wiped the moisture from his hands on his shirt because his pants were covered with blood. “So you’re saying, I have to? Self-forgiveness is really not optional?”
Beckett nodded. “Accept his verdict.”
“I never thought about it that way…Okay. I see what you’re saying. I need to forgive myself because God has forgiven me. I don’t know better than God.”
“So, do you forgive yourself?”
“Yes.” Chase felt a warm peace come over him. A slow smile spread across his face. “I can’t believe that God still loves me – that he still wants me, after all I’ve done wrong.” Tears poured down his cheeks but he couldn’t stop grinning. He felt a hope that he hadn’t felt in years, maybe not ever.
“Now we’re brothers.” Beckett put his arm around Chase’s shoulders and gave him a squeeze.
“Almost done with your cathartic experience, boys?” Captain Zarah sat down on the path in front of the bench.
“Yes, just finished, Captain. Thank you,” said Chase. He and Beckett exchanged a smile. 
Zarah scowled at them. “Sitting out here in the open gives me the creeps. We’re surrounded. They’re in all the buildings, watching us, just waiting for the sun to go down.”
“They’ve got a long wait ahead of them,” said Beckett. “I figure we’ve still got a good ten hours of daylight.” 
“Still creeps me out. How’s that boo-boo feeling, Chase? We ready to move?”
“Ready when you are, Captain.”
“What about Friend?” asked Beckett.
“We lost him, remember?” Zarah snapped.
“He’s not dead,” said Beckett.
“What are you saying?” asked Chase.
“I need to try to help Friend. He saved Chase. I need to try. You’ve read the old documentation, haven’t you? If you call someone out into the light and they choose to come out, the sickness is burned away.”
“We need to get Chase somewhere safe,” said Zarah.
“I think Beckett’s right,” said Chase. “If we can save Friend, we need to try. We did this to them… I’m not sure we made the right choice.”
Zarah pushed to her feet. “This isn’t a democracy, boys. I’m calling the shots. I agree we should help Friend if we can but, first, we need to get gimpy here out of the city before dark.” 
“Yes, Sir,” said Chase. Beckett just nodded.
“Okay then. Let’s get outta here,” said the Captain.
Beckett helped Chase to stand. “How do you feel?” asked Beckett.
“I’m feeling better.” He smiled.
“That’s swell,” said Zarah, sarcastically. “Let’s move.” She led the way from the park towards the nearest edge of the city. “Grab a couple of fruits,” she called over her shoulder. “They’ll keep you hydrated when it gets hot out.”
Beckett grabbed four small fruits from a nearby tree and tucked them into two of the many pockets in his jumpsuit.
Chase watched Zarah carefully choose their path and then strike out confidently. He leaned on Beckett’s arm to stabilize himself. His thigh ached every time he put weight on the leg. “You don’t have any pain killers, do you?” he asked.
“No. Captain?” he called. “Do you have any pain killers?”
“No. I’m not a walking supply cupboard.” Zarah was angry. She didn’t have pain-killers which would have probably helped Chase to hurry it up. And she didn’t have a weapon. If she ever got back to the ship, she’d make sure to carry more of the necessities on her person at all times.
“Sorry,” said Beckett.
“Don’t worry about it.” Chase felt nauseated from the pain but tried to push the thought away. He was so thankful. He could hardly believe it. God really had forgiven him. He looked ahead at Captain Zarah. If God would forgive a man like Will Chase, surely he’d forgive her too? What was her deal anyway? Clearly she and Beckett had a thing for each other. Why was she so cold? If only he knew what to say about how he felt inside now. She needed to feel better too. Whatever they were going to face on this alien planet, it was going to be tough and they might all die. Much better to face it with a clear conscience. 
After they had walked for several hours, Chase finally broke the silence. “How are we going to get home?”
“Looks like we’re not,” said Zarah. “But at least we neutralized the alien threat. And we’re alive.” No matter what kind of emotional breakdown Chase was having and whatever Mr. Moral-High-And-Mighty thought, Zarah had to believe that they had done the right thing. Clearly these aliens with superior advanced technology and unclear intensions had been a threat to Earth. Now they were not. Simple as that. The aliens wouldn’t be going anywhere with that ship now.
“Not going home yet. Who knows what the future might hold? We know that we can eat their fruit and that the water’s good here. I wouldn’t count us out yet,” said Beckett.
“So we live in hope,” said Zarah.
Beckett couldn’t tell if she was being sarcastic. He couldn’t see her face as she was leading the way, not looking back at them. “Hope in what?” asked Beckett.
She sighed. “I believe in myself. I believe in you, Beckett.” She turned back and shot Chase an angry look.
The hot sun beat down on them. Beckett was sweating under the weight of Chase’s arm around his shoulder. “False hope isn’t worth anything. It’s not you or me that’s going to get us off this planet,” said Beckett.
 “Well it’s certainly not going to be Chase. Just what are you trying to say, Beckett?” She walked quickly through the wide, deserted street. She knew exactly where this was going, again.
“Things look hopeless but everything could still turn out alright. I’m saying that I believe in miracles.” 
“Yeah? Well I don’t,” she said sharply.
“I sure hope you’re wrong,” said Chase.
“Just drop it. We’ve lost Jones. We’re trapped on this planet with no way off. Just ‘cause you’ve gone and found religion, Chase, doesn’t change the situation. I don’t want the two of you tag-teaming me. Got it?”
“Got it, Captain,” Chase replied. 
There was a prolonged silence. Then Beckett spoke again. “Funny the name of our ship – Crave. I’m feeling it now.”
The tension snapped. Zarah, relieved that the topic had changed, laughed loudly. “Yeah. Craving safety, escape, peace, home…human food. Like fries. Could seriously go for fries and a burger right about now. And a thick chocolate milkshake.” 
“And hope,” said Beckett, seriously.
She pursed her lips, anger rising up inside her again. He just couldn’t let it go. “Fine. And hope,” she admitted.
Beckett didn’t mean to make her angry. He wanted to help her. And to connect with her. “Can I tell you what hope means to me?” he asked quietly.
“Beckett…” She wanted to swear at him or, better yet, kick his head in. But, knowing him, that wouldn’t do any good. She clenched her fists at her sides and let out an angry, shaky sigh. “I’d rather you didn’t.” 
“As you wish.”
The line from the old, old movie, Princess Bride. Zarah had to hold in the laughter. Beckett was making her insane! Totally pushing her over the edge. It had been such a crazy day and she was so stressed out that it struck her as inanely funny. She couldn’t see his expression without turning to look at him and she didn’t want to give him the satisfaction. But had she heard more than just the meaning of the words in his voice? Everyone knew that movie. When she was growing up, teens used to say that to each other in place of ‘I love you’. Could he? Or was he just trying to break the seriousness of the moment? Or was this just another example of Beckett following some zealot mandate to try to force his religion on others? She couldn’t believe he’d gotten to Chase. But she had to admit, Chase did seem, well…easier to get along with, so far. Maybe religion worked for some people. But not for her. She needed to keep her head, needed to be in control. No fairytale rescue for her. Zarah knew life in the real world didn’t work that way. If you wanted something, you needed to make it happen. Plain and simple. She wouldn’t let him goad her with his cheesy movie line. Nope, not taking the bait.
When the darkness closed in around them, Zarah walked closer to Beckett and Chase. They had covered a lot of ground today. Chances of the zombie-aliens finding them were very low. They wouldn’t want to wander far from their shelters from the sun and, besides, they were little more than instinct now and they didn’t know in which direction the crew of the Crave had gone. The aliens wouldn’t be able to use any of their advanced technology in their present condition. 
“Let’s stop here,” said Zarah.
“Are we far enough from the city?” asked Chase.
“I think so.” 
Chase lowered himself carefully to the ground, favoring the injured leg. Zarah stood looking out into the darkness for a few minutes. When she looked back at the men, Beckett and Chase were sitting side-by-side but Chase was slumped over and she could hear snoring already coming from him. Zarah looked down at Beckett. She thought he was looking up but couldn’t quite be sure in the dim light of the pin-prick stars.
“You still awake?” she whispered.
“Yeah. Don’t know if I’ll get much sleep tonight.”
“Can I join you?”
He patted the ground beside him. “Sure.”
“I’m not a dog,” she protested. 
“Sorry,” he laughed. “I like dogs.”
Zarah kicked him lightly before sitting down beside him. She sat right next to him, shoulder to shoulder. “We’ve been awake too long… I never liked horror movies,” she whispered.
“Me neither. I’m about ready for this one to end.”
“But I think it’s only beginning.” Zarah sighed. It felt good to be next to him. She was so glad she wasn’t alone. “Could you put your arm around me? Just…as a friend.”
“It would be my honor.” He wrapped a strong arm about her shoulders and pulled her even nearer. 
“Don’t tell Chase and don’t talk about it later.” In this position, some of the tension eased from her muscles. Zarah breathed a sigh of relief. Everything was okay, at least for now. He was so smart. Maybe they would figure out a way to get home someday. Her mind flooded with warm thoughts of Beckett as she drifted into sleep. 
“Okay.” Emotions swirled inside him. Beckett liked having her so close. He wanted to save her but his motives weren’t entirely altruistic. I need her, too. Soon the rhythm of her breathing changed. She relaxed into him. He was tired too. His arms ached from assisting Chase all day. They had been awake too long and had run too far. His eyelids slowly fell closed too and his mind slipped away into a dream. 
But one of them really should have stayed up as a lookout.

***

Beckett started awake. He sat up and looked around, trying for a second to orient himself in the darkness. Outside on the planet. He couldn’t see much. Had he heard something? What had woken him? Zarah was on one side of him and Chase was on the other. He listened hard, peering through the moonless darkness. He heard a sound. The moss-like vegetation being compressed. Someone was out there. Must be the aliens. Were they all infected? Beckett suspected that they were. It was imperative the aliens didn’t touch them. What were they doing out here anyway? Had they come after them? The memory of what happened to Jones came unbidden to his mind. Squeezing his eyes shut for a moment, he pushed the thought away. Then he put his hands on Chase and Zarah simultaneously, praying they wouldn’t make a sound. There was no telling how close the aliens were. He felt Zarah stirring under his hand. He looked down and thought he saw her eyes open, looking at him. He put his finger on her lips and then pulled her quietly to a sitting position. She didn’t say anything but raised up into a crouch. Finally, Beckett gave Chase a shove.
“Hey, what’s the big idea?” said Chase, loudly. 
“Run!” cried Zarah, bursting up from the ground and sprinting away from the oncoming aliens. 
Beckett yanked the half-asleep Chase to his feet. “The aliens are here,” said Beckett, urgently. “Run!” He could now see the shadows closing in. “Don’t let them touch you!”
“You don’t have to tell me!” Chase ran after Zarah, his limp only slowing him a little. 
Beckett took off after them, eluding the reaching alien hands. They ran and ran, putting space between themselves and the aliens. After twenty minutes, they stopped to catch their breath.
“The leg hurts,” complained Chase.
Beckett strained his ears in the near-silent night. “They’re still coming.”
Zarah kicked at the spongy turf. “We shouldn’t have all been asleep. How long are they going to come after us? We can’t run forever.”
“I guess they can’t keep coming after dawn. There’s no where for them to shelter out here.”
“Maybe they’ll die,” said Chase.
“Except they don’t die,” Zarah reminded him.
Chase shrugged. “So Friend said. Guess we’ll see what happens.”
Zarah shuddered. “Rest’s over. Let’s keep moving.”
Beckett offered an arm to Chase. “Do you need someone to lean on?”
“Yeah, thanks.” 
They set out again but at a slower pace. Beckett could still hear the aliens in the distance. They weren’t able to put much space between themselves and the aliens because of Chase’s injury. He was limping and the bleeding had started again. Beckett worried that the sound of their pursuers was slowly growing louder.
The sky began to change color from black to dark purple. Now they could see the aliens, about half a football field away. 
Zarah shuddered as she urged Beckett and Chase to hurry. It was frightening, watching the aliens’ staggering, stiff-legged progress as they reached with their hands, their completely black eyes open, unblinking. But now something new was added to the movie-like horror scene. The aliens started moaning. 
“What’s that?” asked Chase, stopping and looking sharply behind them.
Zarah stopped too. The aliens were starting to collapse. “They’re reacting to the light.”
The humans watched as the aliens all dropped to the green moss carpet. They writhed on the ground, moaning and then screaming. The humans couldn’t look away from the shrill agonizing death throes. After a few minutes, all was still.
“Guess Friend was wrong,” said Chase. But he had spoken too soon. One of the aliens sat up, as if waking from a sleep. He lurched in the opposite direction of the humans and the rising sun. Trying to reach the safety of the city - which was miles and miles away. But the black-eyed creature only got a few paces before it fell again, screaming in torment. The other aliens behaved in a similar manner, only getting a few feet before falling again. 
“Let’s go,” whispered Zarah, turning away from the aliens towards the sight of the rising sun.
“It’s just horrible,” whispered Chase. He couldn’t take his eyes off them. They all looked like Friend to him. Friend who had saved him, even after they had betrayed him. Tears filled his eyes as he watched their suffering. Maybe it had not been the right choice. They had brought Hell to Paradise. 
“Come on, Chase. The captain’s leaving.” Beckett put a hand on his shoulder. 
Chase turned away and followed the others. His leg burned as though embers smoldered in his thigh. His limp was worse now. Their pace decreased to a slow walk. The aliens were far behind them now. But they could still hear the screaming.
“Do you think they’ll get back to the city?” asked Chase.
“I’m sure they will eventually. At nightfall, if nothing else,” said Beckett. He shook his head to try to clear the memory of what he’d just witnessed from his mind.
“We have to be more careful in the future. They almost caught us while we were sleeping. We were that close.” Zarah held out her thumb and index finger with an inch between them. They walked through the heat of the day, Chase moving more and more slowly and painfully as the time passed.
As they rounded a small hill, they could hardly believe their eyes. There lay a little lake - a crystal clear pool of water. 
“Well, just look at that,” said Chase. “I’m sick of being sticky. It’s about time for a bath. Whoot! Let’s go for a swim!”
“Whoa, Mister.” Zarah put her arm to block his path as he was about to take a step past her.
“What?”
“Let’s drink from it first. And then, after that, we can wash up. But don’t get your wound wet. No swimming for you. We don’t want it opening up again. I’m worried about infection.”
“Aww…seriously? What are you? My mom?”
“No, I’m your commanding officer. You are not to get that injury wet and that’s an order.”
“Yes, Sir.” Chase smirked. “You just want to swim with Beckett alone,” he muttered.
Zarah let the comment go. She wished she could go swimming with Beckett but he’d told her that he couldn’t swim. “We should consider staying here, permanently. It would be good to have a water source. The fruit juice is so sticky sweet and it’s hot most of the day.”
The others nodded as they all ambled down towards the water. Beckett knelt beside the pool. He guessed there’d be no swimming lessons with Zarah. Not that he could think about it with Friend and all the others in pain because of them. The unbroken surface of the water reflected the light purple sky. Who knew what the future would hold? Maybe there would be swimming lessons one day. He scooped some water into his hands and tasted it. Cool and fresh. Nothing wrong with this water. He put his mouth to the surface and drank deeply.
“It’s the one thing I like about this place,” said Chase from beside him. “No bugs. Guess there’s no other life here besides the aliens.”
“Yeah,” said Beckett, “considering that this is an alien planet - no life here but the aliens.” Beckett laughed and Zarah joined him.
“You know what I mean, no animal life. I mean no alien animal life.” They all laughed then. It was good to finally be out of danger. Or at least to feel like they were.
Zarah knelt beside Beckett and filled her stomach with the cool water. “Well, you know the saying. Ladies first. You two can go wait behind those trees there while I wash up.”
Chase grinned like a wolf. “Sure.”
“And since you’ve found religion, Chase, I’m sure I won’t have to worry about you leering at me.”
“Oh, yeah, right,” said Chase, nodding slowly. Beckett punched him in the upper arm. “Ouch! What was that for?”
“What do you think?” They walked away towards the grove of trees.
“I’ll be done in a couple of hours,” she called. 
“A couple of hours!” Chase protested. They walked out of sight. “Ouch! Beckett!” Then she heard laughter through the trees.
Zarah turned her attention to the pool. She loved swimming. And nature, even alien nature. Swimming in a place like this – there was almost nothing better. Except maybe having someone to share it with. She stripped down and then pulled her clothing into the water with her. She scrubbed her jumpsuit until most of the dirt was out of it. Then she climbed out of the water, careful not to slip on the wet rocks and hung it on a low branch. Next, she gave her undergarments a quick scrubbing and hung them beside the jumpsuit. It would take a while for those to dry. 
Some time later, Zarah heard a sound from the bushes. She stopped swimming and listened. It wasn’t the men, was it? There was a rustling in the trees beside the pool. She scanned the trees and the ground but didn’t see anything. They hadn’t seen any animal life on this planet. But that didn’t mean there wasn’t any. She heard the sound of a branch cracking. This time it definitely came from above. She looked up into the overhanging branches. It was just all green up in the trees. She couldn’t see anything else. Suddenly a large green creature was dropping out of the foliage directly above her. Zarah screamed. The beast splashed into the water almost on top of her. She swam as quickly as she could to shore without looking back. Zarah scrambled up over the slick, wet rocks. When she turned to look, the huge animal was right behind her, bounding closer. It was green-furred and spotted, as big as a tiger. She fought the urge to scream and run. Her adopted mother had taught her how to deal with aggressive dogs. This animal would be no different, she told herself. Zarah steadied herself on the soft bank, her toes sinking into wet mud. Putting one hand on her hip and pointing at the beast with the other hand, she yelled loudly, in a deep voice. “No! You go away!”


Chapter 9 – Saving Friend

The large, green-furred animal hesitated. It sat down on its haunches and looked at her quizzically, tilting its head to one side. 
“What are you then?” The animal opened its mouth and started panting, its long tongue lolling out. “You don’t look so fierce after all. Are you a pet or something?” She reached her hand out towards the thing. It sauntered closer, a happy expression on its face. She leaned down and stroked its wet fur. The animal rubbed its head against her leg. She laughed in relief. Whatever it was, it was friendly.
Beckett and Chase burst from the grove of trees up the hill and raced towards her. Zarah gathered her wits about her. Too far from her uniform. She swore under her breath and crouched down behind the animal. 
“Don’t worry! I’m fine. It’s friendly,” she called to the men.
They stopped a little ways away and stared at the creature.
“Wow!” said Chase. “Lucky thing it’s friendly!”
“I didn’t think there were animals on this planet. I wonder what it eats? It must need the water – that’s why it’s here, in this habitat,” said Beckett.
“It’s like a giant, green dog-cat,” said Chase. “A G.G. Dat.”
 “A dat! That’s cute,” said Zarah, stroking its spotted green fur. 
She was crouching on the other side of the beast so Beckett could only see her face and shoulders. He’d like to study the creature but he didn’t necessarily want to touch the thing. But Zarah was amazing. Here was a wild alien beast and she was totally comfortable with it, treating it like a pet. Ever fearless. There was also a softness to her expression as she looked at the creature, an openness. But, when she looked up at him, her eyes narrowed. Beckett realized he’d been staring at her too long. And then he remembered and saw that she was naked. He looked over and saw Chase staring at her too.
“Thanks for the rescue, guys,” she said sarcastically. “Situation under control.”
“Right, back over there we go,” said Beckett, turning and walking away to the grove of trees. “Come on, Chase.”
“Oh, right. We’ll be going now if you feel the situation is safe.”
“I’m fine,” Zarah snapped.
“Okay, good.” Chase followed Beckett up the hill. “I was looking at the dat. Not at you, Captain,” he said over his shoulder as they disappeared into the trees.
Right. She watched until they were out of sight and then went to check on her clothing. Still damp. The dat followed her and then sniffed curiously at the jumpsuit. Zarah gave the beast one last pat and then slipped into the water. The dat leapt into the water, landing beside her with a great splash. Zarah laughed in surprise. It paddled around her in a friendly way. Wherever she swam, the creature followed along behind.
A while later, when she climbed up the wet rocks and stepped from the water, the dat scampered up with her. It shook the water from its fur, showering her with a warm spray.
“Hey, don’t get my clothes wet,” she scolded. The thing lolled its head to one side and then licked her bare foot, before scooting up a nearby fruit tree.
Her clothes were mostly dry so Zarah put them on. Then she walked to where the men were waiting. 
“It loves swimming,” she announced when she caught sight of them. The dat chased after her and bumped into her leg when she stopped. Zarah laughed. “Hey you, no ramming.”
“It has something in its mouth,” said Chase.
Zarah turned to look. “Fruit!”
“That thing eats fruit?” asked Chase.
“Not surprising really,” said Beckett, “since we haven’t seen any other possible food source since we’ve arrived.”
“Except for the aliens,” said Chase.
“Who apparently can’t die,” said Zarah.
“That would make eating them a little awkward,” Chase agreed.
Chase and Zarah laughed.
Beckett crossed his arms over his chest. “Not really that funny, all things considered.”
“Sorry, I’m an idiot,” said Chase.
“I want to go back and try to save Friend.” Beckett directed the comment towards Zarah.
“Why don’t you two go get washed up first and then we’ll discuss our next move.”
Beckett looked like he might say something more. He was angry because he was sure she was making the wrong choice. They just had to save Friend. He had to try. After all, they had done this to him. But he swallowed back the words and just followed the limping Chase down to the pool instead. 
“How’s it feeling?” Beckett asked.
Chase stopped walking to let Beckett catch up. “Hurts. Think I just need to rest it more. Then I should be okay. As long as I don’t get some strange alien disease or something.” He put his arm over Beckett’s shoulder for support. “The ground’s a little slick here.” They made their way slowly to the edge of the pool. 
“Guess you won’t be any help. Looks like I’ll be going back for Friend alone,” said Beckett. They stopped at the water’s edge.
Chase made sure he had his footing and released Beckett. Then he shrugged. “Let’s wait to hear what the captain has to say.”
“That’s a switch - coming from you,” said Beckett. The men looked at each other for a long moment.
Then Chase laughed. “Yeah, well, I did switch sides. Joined the light side of the force. Woosh, whoosh!” he said as he swung an imaginary light saber at Beckett, repeatedly.
Beckett laughed. “We’re on the same side!”
Chase, laughing, lunged with the imaginary light saber, only just missing Becket’s nose with his fist.
Beckett grinned and swept an imaginary light saber towards Chase, pushing him back. Chase slipped and tumbled sideways, into the water. Beckett gasped. Chase surfaced, spitting out water.
“Hey, I’m sorry! You okay?”
“What is going on down there? I heard a big splash. The dat’s with me, Beckett doesn’t swim and I told Chase to stay out of the water.” Zarah appeared from beyond the grove of trees up the hill. “Chase, you disobeyed a direct order.” She put her hands on her hips.
“Beckett pushed me in!” he protested.
Zarah turned her glare towards Beckett.
“It was an accident?” he said feebly. 
She scowled. “Beckett, you’re in charge of cleaning and re-dressing the wound.” Then she turned away and disappeared through the trees before he could reply.
The men looked at each other and burst out laughing. 
That evening, they all sat in the small grove of trees, eating the strange, sweet fruit. The covering of the red fruit was thick and pieces of it got stuck under their fingernails as they were peeling it. The sun was setting, the sky turning a deeper shade of purple.
“What now?” asked Beckett.
“Now we sleep,” Zarah replied.
“You know what I’m asking,” said Beckett. “I have to try to save Friend.”
Zarah nodded and met his gaze. “I’ll come with you. We’ll head out at first light.”
“What about me?” asked Chase.
“You’ll wait here.”
“Alone?” he protested.
“I’ll leave dat here with you.”
“Great,” he said sarcastically.

***

Beckett awoke as the sun was cresting over a distant hill. Dawn. The others were still asleep. How would they be able to save Friend without becoming infected themselves? Or eaten. He shuddered at the memory of what had happened to Jones. God, please help us, he prayed. A slow assurance came over his heart. God would provide a way. 
His eyes came to rest on Zarah’s face and something tugged inside him. Her eyes were closed and the lines were smoothed away. They say people look peaceful when they sleep. But she didn’t really. She looked sad.
Her green eyes flicked open. They stared at each other as she came to full consciousness. Beckett wished they were friends. Well… if he was being honest, more than friends. Maybe one day they would be, though that seemed unlikely. 
“Take a picture; it’ll last longer,” said Zarah, breaking her gaze away and stretching. 
Chase started awake at her words and then groaned. “Is it morning already?”
“You can have a nice long sleep while we’re gone.” Zarah stood and shoved her feet into her boots. Then she bent over and tied them.
Still sitting, Beckett slipped on his boots and laced them up. God would provide a way to save Friend. He was sure of it.
“We’ll jog towards the city until midday; then we’ll sleep until dusk. At nightfall, we’ll keep alert in case they’re outside the city. Then we’ll move again at daybreak.”
Beckett nodded. “Thanks for doing this, Zarah.”
She liked his proximity… and his smile. But she couldn’t let his feelings control her. “If we can save Friend, there might be a chance we could get back up to our ship. I don’t need any thanks from you.” 
“Okay.” Why did she always have to be so hostile? Always pushing him away.
“Good luck, both of you.” Chase stepped between them and held out his hand to Beckett. They shook hands. 
Beckett noticed that Chase didn’t feel the need to try to strangle his hand this time. He grinned. Things looked bad. But not everything.
Zarah shook hands with Chase next. “Try to keep a low profile out here. It would be better to sleep during the day, not at night,” she said.

“Right. Too bad we don’t have our personal comm units,” said Chase. “I won’t know what’s happening with you two.”
“Too bad,” said Zarah. “Guess, if you don’t hear from us in a week or so, you can pretty much assume we’ve been eaten, like Jones. Moving out, Beckett.” 
Zarah walked away, ignoring the look on Chase’s face. Realistically, their chances of success were low - very low. And if Friend hadn’t pressed the recall button on the transport, they would have made good on their escape. But she couldn’t help but remember the way he had sat with them in the storage closet the day she’d attacked him. And she’d never even said she was sorry. Yeah, the aliens had stolen their technology and kept them against their will. But, in truth, she couldn’t hold Friend responsible for the actions of all his kind. He had saved them when the others wanted to harm them. And he’d only brought them back because of the virus she had sent. She squeezed her eyes closed between steps to banish the tears. And if they could rescue Friend, maybe he would help them to escape. Would he? She thought that he would, even after everything. After all, he sacrificed himself – for Chase. She wouldn’t have.
They walked for hours. Finally Zarah stopped. Beckett took a few more steps and then turned and came back to her.
“Why are we stopping?” 
“We don’t want to be close to the city when it’s dark. Too dangerous. So we’ll stop now.”
“Not sure it will be much better here,” said Beckett.
“Some better, though. We’ll wait the night out here but not sleep.”
“Or we could take turns sleeping,” Beckett suggested.
“You suit yourself. I’m staying awake this time. Don’t fancy a repeat of what happened the last time we were this close to the city during the night.”
Beckett lay down in the soft moss, flat on his back. “Wake me after six hours. I want to get a little shuteye so that I’ll be alert tomorrow when we go in for Friend.”
“Fine.” It was only a few minutes before Beckett started snoring. Now she was alone with her thoughts. Had pressing that button been the right decision? But they were building a ship. They would have come to Earth. Now the threat was neutralized. It didn’t matter that her crew was stranded, even that Jones was dead. A small price to pay to keep Earth safe. But what was the gnawing feeling in her heart? Cursing a whole race to everlasting darkness…And they couldn’t even die. She recalled watching the aliens who had been pursing them and had been caught out during the daylight. She tried to push away the memory of the black eyes and white faces, contorted in pain. 
After six hours, the night had fallen. She kicked Beckett lightly. “Time to wake up,” she whispered.
He woke with a start. In the faint starlight, she watched him sit up. He stood, stretched and leaned over so his mouth was close to her ear. Neither of them wanted to alert any nearby aliens to their presence. “Do you want to sleep for a little?”
Zarah was feeling fatigued. The darkness was oppressive. “Yeah. I think I will. Wake me as soon as it starts getting light.”
“You’ve got it,” he said quietly.
She lay down. The moss was soft beneath her. It felt good knowing that Beckett would be watching over her. She opened her eyes and stared at his faint silhouette. She couldn’t tell if he was looking at her. Funny how, even on this alien planet when they were in mortal danger, with Beckett, she felt a measure of peace. What would it be like to feel that all the time? Well, she might get to find out, if they were stuck here together, for the rest of their days. And, for the first time, she thought maybe it would be okay if they never went home. Peace followed her into her dreams where she was walking through the Valor fairgrounds, hand-in-hand with Beckett.
He couldn’t tell if her eyes were open – if she was looking at him. A strong feeling welled up inside him as he stared down at her. How could they connect? She was still so closed, distant. She needed Truth. But he, James Beckett, he needed her. He didn’t know what to think anymore. To need was okay; he understood that now. But how could he give her what she needed first…if she wasn’t willing. Then he prayed. Father God, please save her. Please save Zarah. May it be okay that I love her! Beckett spent the rest of the night praying silently. It was a crazy plan. Not even a plan. Would Friend really come out if they called to him? And how would they even find him? This plan would only work with the help of divine intervention. 
As the sky slowly turned the purple-grey color of pre-dawn, Beckett crouched down to wake Zarah. He tapped her shoulder.
“Captain? It’s morning.”
Her eyelids fluttered open, revealing her bright green eyes. They looked at each other for too long without speaking, only a few feet separating them.
If only she could save Friend for him. Zarah knew that Beckett had disapproved of some of her decisions. If they saved Friend, maybe things would be different between them. Maybe then he would love her. Would they walk hand-in-hand some day? Not at the fair in Valor, since there was no way home, but maybe here under this alien sky? She sat up. But that was crazy thinking. She didn’t want to love him. Love was for people who were bound to get hurt. She didn’t need anyone. Beckett still crouched beside her.
“Got the wakeup call. Thanks. Don’t need to be mothered. You’re in my space, Beckett.”
“Right. Sorry.” He stood up and took a step back.
Zarah stood and stretched. She felt strong. “Well, guess it’s a good day to die - as good as any. Though I’d prefer not to be eaten.”
Beckett laughed. Zarah joined him, laughing too. Laughter was the only way to release all the pent-up stress. 
The city was still a ways away. Zarah set the pace - a quick jog. She figured it would take them several hours to get to the Advanced Technology Headquarters at this rate. Hopefully, Friend was still in the same building. They needed to be long gone from the city before nightfall. When they reached the edge of the city, the sun was already fully visible, well above the horizon. Beckett was breathing heavily. Zarah had hardly broken a sweat.
“Where do you think we should start? The Advanced Technology Headquarters?” Zarah asked.
Beckett nodded. “That’s where we saw him last so I think he might still be there.”
“A good place to start. Let’s try it.” She led the way towards the large blue structure, just visible in the distance. As she kept up the same pace, she remained alert for any sounds or movement. But they didn’t hear anything, save the wind whistling through the trees and between buildings. An hour and a half later, and without incident, they reached the alien’s Advanced Technology Headquarters.
“Well, here we are,” said Zarah, stopping outside the blue, glass, cube-shaped building. She stretched out her calf muscles by bending over and placing her palms on the cobblestone-like path.
Beckett realized he was staring at her in a way that wasn’t entirely proper. He wiped the sweat from his forehead and rubbed his palm down the side of his pants. I need to be thinking about how to save Friend. “How do you want to do this?”
Zarah straightened, put her hands on her hips and surveyed the building. “I remember seeing this really old video once on the Internet. Apparently it was from shortly after the darkness first hit North America. From… I don’t remember… somewhere in Canada, I think. It was of the teens that first discovered the cure for the virus. They stood outside and called to some people who were inside a metal, rectangular enclosure. The people came out, fell down and the blackness burned from their eyes. Then they were okay again.”
“Yes, I think I’ve seen that one too. As far as I understand, if they come out into the light by their own choice, the sickness is cured. But when they were forced into the light or caught out in the light against their will, they died. Something to do with the level of adrenaline in their system, I think.”
“We don’t know if it will be the same with these aliens,” said Zarah.
“No. But we have to try.”
“So what? Do we just call to Friend?”
“I guess we should open the door first, so he’ll hear us,” said Beckett.
Zarah approached the glass door. There was a loud tinging sound of something colliding with the glass. An alien, not Friend, pressed his face against the glass for a moment before shying away from the light. 
“I’ll open the door, and stand behind it,” said Zarah. “You call for Friend. I think he’ll come to your voice better than to mine. But stay back! Don’t let any of them touch you.”
“Got it.” Beckett nodded and stepped back a little. 
Pain. So intense there was nothing else. Pain and fear. Darkness. Friend shuddered. Something intruded on the edge of his consciousness but he couldn’t make sense of it. There had been darkness so long. Darkness forever. Forever darkness. He couldn’t formulate thoughts or words but something drew him. He stumbled forward through the swarming darkness, ignoring the pain in his mind and his body. Light. It frightened him. Yet he heard something. Something calling him. Beckett’s voice was calling through the open doorway. Friend understood nothing but that he had to go out, out into the fearful light. He knew he must go, though his body and the voices in his head screamed a warning against its brightness. He stumbled over the threshold and warmth poured over him. Then it scalded him. Never had he felt such pain. He screamed over and over again.
Friend was on the ground several meters from the door, writhing and screaming. Zarah let the door swing closed behind him. Then she backed away. Beckett moved to go to him.
“No,” said Zarah. “Wait.”
“It’s okay, Friend,” called Beckett. “We’ve come to save you. You’re going to be okay now.”
Friend stopped moving and lay perfectly still on the stone walkway.
“He couldn’t be dead, right?” asked Zarah.
“I don’t think so. Friend?”
Friend looked up, the black in his eyes fading, tears coursing down his face, making clean streaks in the grime that had accumulated on his sunken cheeks. His blue eyes looked to Beckett in a pleading fashion. He stood shakily. The smile they’d become accustomed to seeing was gone from his face. His hair was matted together in bunches and, in some places, his scalp was bleeding where hair had been ripped out. 
“They’re calling me back to them,” said Friend.
“You can’t go.” Beckett went to him and wrapped his arms around the alien in a firm embrace. 
“Jones is dead.” Friend’s eyes were wide and his mouth hung open. “I chewed on his bones. I… Why did you call me?” He pushed Beckett away and staggered backwards.
Beckett reached out and steadied him. “It wasn’t your fault. It was the darkness. I called you because we’ve come to rescue you. You saved Chase. We’re saving you.”
Friend looked back at the door. “We do not agree. If I go back to them, then we will agree again.”
“No, you have to be strong. You can’t live like that.”
Tears poured from Friend’s eyes again. “No,” he conceded. He put his arms around Beckett’s neck and clung to him. “It is not right. I cannot live like that.”
Beckett took Friend’s hand and led him away from the Advanced Technology Headquarters – now the tomb of Keron Jones. It was slow-going through the city. Friend staggered along, with Beckett’s assistance.
“Are you injured?” asked Zarah, impatient with Friend’s pace.
“I do not know that word.”
“Are you in pain?” she asked, rephrasing the question.
“Yes.”
“Where is the pain?” she asked.
“Everywhere.”
Zarah sighed. “If you point to the place, maybe I can help you with it. Are you wounded?”
“I think the pain is here.” Slowly Friend pointed to his head and then to his heart and then to his abdomen. Then he motioned his hand up and down indicating his entire body.
“When did this pain start?” asked Zarah.
“The pain started when we got infected. I still feel them here.” He put a fist to the side of his head. “And here.” He thumped a fist to his heart.
“I don’t think I can help with that,” said Zarah. She looked at the buildings they were passing. No doubt the aliens inside were watching them. Watching and waiting. Waiting for nightfall. She looked up into the sky. The sun had passed the midway point. “We have to try to go a little faster.”
Beckett looked up into the sky. They had not yet covered half the distance to the edge of the city. If they didn’t increase their pace, they would not be out of the city before nightfall. 
Beckett stepped forward more quickly. “Come on, Friend. We need to hurry.” But the words seemed to sap Friend’s remaining energy and he collapsed to the stone walkway. 
“I don’t think I can go on alone.” His eyes were far away.
“We have to be out of the city before dark,” said Zarah.
“Just leave me then. I don’t think I can go any farther.” He lay down, his head resting on the cobblestones.
Zarah looked at Beckett who looked at Friend. “No way,” he said. “We’re not leaving you.” He hoisted the alien up and onto his shoulder to carry him fireman style. Friend didn’t resist but lay still and limp.
Zarah set off at a brisk walk towards the outskirts of the city. “Heavier than he looks? We can take turns if you need to,” she said over her shoulder.
Beckett was close behind. “No, he’s lighter than I thought he would be, actually. We’re going to make it.”

***

When they got back to Chase the next evening, he rushed to greet them.
“You’re back! And you got Friend! That is Friend, isn’t it?”
Beckett was carrying the little alien over his shoulder again. Friend was usually in too much pain to walk. He had lost his will to continue. 
“Yes, it’s Friend.” Beckett carefully set the alien down on his feet.
The dat leapt out of a nearby tree and galloped towards Friend. The alien’s face only showed a moment of intense surprise before the beast bowled him over. A small light sound came from Friend as the creature licked his face. Beckett leaned down to make sure that he was okay. Friend was laughing. 
“Looks like Dat has a new favorite. Guess you lost your pet, Captain,” said Chase.
Zarah laughed good-naturedly. “At least we can give Friend some dat therapy. He’s been so…wilted. He needs something.”
“You know this creature?” Beckett asked Friend as he was sitting up and pushing the beast away from his face. The strange animal hunkered down beside Friend, pressing into his body. Absently, the alien ran his fingers through the soft green fur.
“Yes. He lived by the pool. We would visit him when we went there to swim.”
“We’re at the pool now,” said Zarah.
“The pool.” Friend’s eyes looked far away for a moment and then he snapped them closed. “It is good. I love the pool. Perhaps I will swim tomorrow… Alone.”
“Not alone,” Zarah reminded him. “I can swim with you. And the dat. It really loves to swim.”
“The dat?” Friend echoed.
Zarah pointed to the beast Friend was petting. “We call it a dat because it’s similar to two animals that we have on Earth. A Dog and a Cat.”
“Dat?” The thing looked at Friend and wagged its tail. “Interesting. It must also have audio receptors. And it now responds to the human word you have given it.”
“You never spoke to it before?” asked Chase, settling down near Friend.
“No. I never spoke before I heard your broadcasts. The dat, as you call it, has low-level telepathic ability. We talk to each other here.” Friend pointed to his head. “It blocks some of the other voices. The dat is a comfort when it is close like this. It has always been a joy but never such a needed comfort as now.” The creature put its massive head on Friend’s lap. Friend rubbed it between the ears. As the sun slipped below the horizon, they settled down to sleep. 
Zarah positioned herself close to Beckett. They were safe. They had saved Friend. As she drifted towards sleep, Zarah thought that, for now, it would be enough. 
She didn’t look at her smart watch, though, so she didn’t realize what the next day was. Nor did she yet understand what that day would bring. 


Chapter 10 – Into The Light At Christmas

“You know what day it is today?” asked Beckett.
“No. What day?” she replied.
“It’s Christmas Eve.”
 “What?! Christmas Eve!” said Chase, in mock-outrage. “Where’s the eggnog and the gifts under the Christmas tree? Can’t believe I have to spend Christmas here with you lot!”
Beckett punched him in the arm. “You know I’m like the big brother you never had.” They both laughed.
“You do not like to be with them?” asked Friend, confused at their words, their physicality and their laughter. Even though they had pried him from the clutches of the darkness, a thick black cloud hung over him still.
“I’m joking,” Chase explained. “What, have you lost your processing power or something?”
Friend looked down and his eyes filled with tears. “Yes. I have lost. I have never been alone before.”
Chase shifted closer to the alien. “I’m sorry, Buddy. He patted him on a white shoulder. “You’re not alone. You’ve got us.”
Friend’s head drooped. “It’s not the same. I’ve never been alone, not since the beginning. I haven’t even been able to eat…hardly even sleep. I fear there will never be rest again for this tormented soul.” He put his hand to his chest.
“What will happen if you don’t eat?” asked Zarah.
“Nothing,” he said miserably. “I will simply suffer the mild pain of hunger along with this sorrow and horror I now must carry.” The dat lumbered over and plunked down beside him.
“We can teach you our Christmas songs,” Beckett offered.
“What is Christmas?” asked Friend, stroking his fingers through the dat’s soft fur.
“It snows at Christmas where I used to live,” said Zarah. She shifted against the tree trunk. Her jumpsuit was sticky against her skin. It was almost mid-day. The sun was hot and the humidity was up. She longed for quiet snow falling by moonlight. Zarah had never liked Christmas itself but winter had been her favorite season, ever since she was nine.
Christmas was only about commercialism, Santa fairytales and other people enjoying the kind of family life that she didn’t have – could never have. She hated watching television or listening to the radio near Christmas time. She just read books during that time instead. Mostly superhero stuff. That’s what got her through. She thought Christmas music was just the worst. Even worse than rap and that was saying a lot. It had worked out though, growing up. Her adopted mother wasn’t much into Christmas either. 
But Zarah didn’t voice her thoughts. Beckett looked so happy with a special sparkle in his eyes. She would let him keep his delusions about Christmas and about his religion too, if it would make him happy - so long as he didn’t try to foist his happiness on her. I will just feel however I feel. My feelings are my own. She sighed. It was too bad all his talk didn’t make her happy, though. Zarah wanted happiness and peace and hope and all that. She sighed again as she gazed at Beckett’s smiling face. Being realistic and practical wasn’t that much fun. Apparently being delusional was a lot more fulfilling. 
“Christmas is when we celebrate the birth of Jesus,” said Beckett.
Friend’s hand paused over the dat, mid-stroke. “Jesus?” He looked up at Beckett quizzically.
“It’s from our book,” Beckett reminded him.
“I don’t remember much from the book. It seems I’ve lost most of my memories along with my processing power.” Friend hung his head. 
“I can tell you the Christmas story,” Beckett offered.
Zarah had seen nativity scenes before. But she had never heard the story. Never been inside a church, except for once, but that was only to use the phone. Religion was a crutch needed by other people. It didn’t work for her. She knew that, if you wanted something, you had to make it happen. You couldn’t rely on help from anyone.
“Yes. I want to hear the story,” said Friend, finally.
“Okay, but I’ll have to start at the beginning. In the beginning, God made only two humans: Adam and Eve. But soon they rebelled against God. They did what he told them not to. They sinned. When Adam and Eve sinned, people became separated from God. When the first two people sinned, sin became the human condition. Now, every human sins. So we could never be with The One Who Is - because the wages of sin is death, eternal death – to be separated from God forever. But God didn’t want that. He didn’t want to be separated from his creation forever. So he made a plan - a plan to save us and to win us back to himself.”
Friend’s melancholy seemed to slip away a little and his blue eyes focused on Beckett’s face. “What did he do?”
“He sent his son, Jesus, a part of himself, to Earth. Jesus was born of a human woman as a human child.”
“Surely that is fiction!” Friend’s blue eyes were wide in disbelief.
“No. It’s true. The only way to save us was to come and live as one of us. So the son of God was born as a human child. And that’s why we celebrate Christmas. We celebrate the day he was born into the world.”
“So The One Who Is was born as an after-creation on your world? That is stunning! Is Jesus still on your world now? Oh, how I would love to meet him! The questions I have!”
“No, he’s not there now.”
“Why not? Where has he gone?” 
“He died and…”
“No!” Friend interrupted. “Surely he did not die? I have seen death….Jones…Surely The One Who Is could not die?! That is…blasphemy… horror! It could not be!!!” Tears were already forming in Friend’s eyes.
Beckett shook his head. “But you see – that was the plan. He came to die. Because the wages of sin is death, everyone has to die for their own sin. But, if a perfect human, who had never sinned, died in the place of those who had sinned, he could take the punishment for everyone. But the human race could not produce a perfect human. Every human who ever lived has sinned. But The One Who Is couldn’t accept losing us all. So He resolved to die in our place.”
“He cannot die!” Friend shouted and stood to his feet in protest. Then he lowered his head into his hands, sank back to the ground and whispered, “How did it happen?”
“Jesus lived about 33 Earth years.”
“So short a time!”
“Some of the leaders were jealous of him. They hated him because his perfection made them look bad. So they determined to kill him.”
“I would not have let them kill The One Who Is!”
“Peter, one of his followers, felt that way too. But The One Who Is was determined to die. Those who hated him – he let them catch Him. He let them nail spikes through his hands and feet.” Beckett pointed to the places on his own hands and feet where the nails would have been. “They nailed him to a tree and he bled to death.”
“All the blood came out and then he stopped moving forever…like what happened to Jones?” His blue eyes were wide and filled with tears.
“Yes, his spirit was parted from his body, just like what happened to Jones.”
“Noooo…” Friend wailed into his palms, his hands covering his face. “Horror…”
Zarah looked over at Chase and saw that he was watching Beckett intently too, tears rolling down his face. She was glad that no one was looking at her. She tried to mop up the tears on her face and neck with the sleeve of her shirt. It was just…unsettling, seeing an alien cry over a mythological story about ancient times.
“Some people took his body down off the tree and put it in a cave. The human body, when separated from the spirit, begins to decay; it turns back into dirt. Because that is what The One Who Is has made us from. Dirt and the breath of God.”
“Did The One Who Is turn into dirt? No, it cannot be!” shouted Friend.
Beckett smiled and put a hand on the alien’s arm. “No. Jesus didn’t turn into dirt. Death couldn’t hold The One Who Is.”
“No. Of course not!” Friend wiped his face and rubbed his hands together to dry the tears. Then he looked back up at Beckett again. “What happened?”
“After three days, Jesus was done his work of saving us. So His spirit came back into his body and He became alive again. Only now his body was different. It would never be able to die again. Then Jesus went back to where he came from.”
“Oh, I am glad! The One Who Is – He is alive! And he saved the humankind! It is beautiful!”
“You believe?” asked Beckett.
“Of course. The One Who Is – human words are insufficient to describe how wonderful and beautiful he is. But your words put together in that story… That is Truth. Your words opened a small window and it was like I saw The One Who Is again, like I did at the beginning… Christmas… Yes, Christmas.”
Beckett looked at Zarah and saw that she was crying. “Hey, are you okay?”
She slowly shook her head. “I don’t think so. I’ve never heard that story before.” 
 “Do you believe it?” Beckett asked.
“I…” Zarah didn’t want to be weak. Admitting her need for The One Who Is would be giving up control. Then what if things weren’t okay? Tears streaked down her cheeks in a torrent so she couldn’t even see. “I do believe but…” Should she risk everything? Could she trust Him? “When I was a child, I was a slave. Why didn’t He help me?” She almost choked on the words, her throat was so tight.
“How did you get away?” Beckett asked quietly.
“When I was nine, I ran away, naked, in the winter. It was Christmas. I ran three blocks to a church where I called the police.”
“To a church?” asked Chase, joining the conversation.
“Yes, I always saw the steeple from the window where I washed dishes in my master’s kitchen. I knew if I could make it there, I would find a phone.”
“Maybe God was helping you,” Chase suggested.
Zarah remembered the relief that had flowed over her as she pulled on the handle and the door to the church had opened to envelop her in a puff of warm air. The phone was there in the vestibule, on a small table. The carpet felt like a hot skillet - her feet burned from running through the snow. One of the officers who came when she had called took her in and paid for her to go to school. All because Zarah saw the church from the window. All because the church was unlocked that winter evening. 
“I saved myself,” Zarah asserted. She thought back to that Christmas Eve so long ago. That evening, the master’s wife had forgotten to lock the door to the shower room. Zarah had felt, urgently, that it was time to make an escape. When she had snuck to the front door, no one had seen her. No one had stopped her when she rushed out the front door and sprinted through the snow. And the church had been unlocked. “Do you think maybe…maybe he was watching over me, helping me? Even though I didn’t believe in him?”
“To help is the nature of the One Who Is,” said Friend.
“I don’t know,” said Beckett. “What do you think?”
Tears filled her eyes as the episode played itself over in her mind again. Only this time, there was a man with her. A man with short brown hair and deep brown eyes. He was urging her forward and pointing the way, ending with him inside the church, pointing to the phone at the small table. 
Where had this vision come from? But Zarah knew. She put her face into her hands as the tears continued to flow. He had been there. He had been there the whole time. He had saved her at Christmas.
“I believe. I believe in you, Jesus,” she sobbed. 
Beckett shifted closer to her. “After believing, you need to decide to follow.”
“I will follow... How do I do that?” She wiped her eyes and looked at Beckett, who was grinning from ear to ear.
“Read the Bible and do what it says.”
“I think I can do that. Well…if we ever get a Bible again. Until then, you’ll just have to fill me in.”
“Deal.” Beckett stood up and reached down to help her up. Zarah took his hand, stood up and moved gratefully into his embrace. 
“Do I get a hug too?” asked Chase, standing and moving towards them. He was grinning but it wasn’t a smirk, Zarah decided. Reluctantly, she moved one of her arms away from Beckett to include Chase in the group hug. 
“And what about you?” Zarah let go of Chase and reached her hand down to Friend who was still sitting on the ground. He took her hand and she hoisted him to his feet. Then they all hugged. Friend put his arms around them as he had seen the others do.
“Group hug!” shouted Chase, squeezing harder. They laughed, let go and settled back down on the soft, vibrant green moss.
“Now will we learn the Christmas songs?” asked Friend.
“It would be my honor to teach them to you,” said Beckett. “This one is my favorite.” Beckett started singing in a beautiful tenor voice. Zarah was surprised when Chase also started singing. 

Joy to the world, the Lord is come!
Let earth receive her King;
Let every heart prepare Him room,
And heav’n and nature sing,
And heav’n and nature sing,
And heav’n, and heav’n, and nature sing.

Zarah and Friend listened, with rapt attention, as the song went on to tell of all the wonderful things Jesus’ coming brings: blessings instead of sin’s curse, truth and grace, the glories of His righteousness, and the wonders of His love.
As the last word faded out, Zarah spoke, “Chase, how do you know the words?”
“I grew up Christian, went to church and all that.”
“That was very beautiful. Thank you,” said Friend. “But there are things I don’t understand. Will the king bring joy only to Earth? Will he also bring joy here? And in your broadcasts, there was not only joy. If I remember correctly, there was less joy than…horror.”
Beckett pursed his lips, trying to think. “Those are hard questions and I’m not sure I know all the answers. Jesus came to Earth once but he is coming back again. We are waiting for that. And I think that Jesus will come back to his entire creation, your planet included. When he comes back again, he will make everything right. Then our joy will be complete.”
“That is a lot to think about. Thank you for the song. We do not have songs here. The sounds you make are most intriguing. Are there more Christmas songs?”
“Yes, I’ll sing another one that I really like. It has a haunting melody and it’s about waiting for Jesus to come,” said Beckett. He started singing. 

Oh, come, oh, come, Emmanuel,
And ransom captive Israel,
That mourns in lonely exile here
Until the Son of God appear.
Rejoice! Rejoice! Emmanuel
Shall come to you, O Israel!

As Beckett sang the mournful tones, Friend and Zara were captivated. They heard Jesus described as God with us, the light, the desire of nations and our King of Peace. Hope and joy stirred in them as they heard how Jesus will rule with wisdom, guide his created ones, and free them from enemies, strife, dangers, sadness, sin and death. 

Rejoice! Rejoice! Emmanuel
Shall come to you, O Israel!

When Beckett stopped singing, Friend wiped the tears from his cheeks and rubbed his hands together. “That was beautiful. I too will, now, also wait for that day. In the days to come, when I am all alone, I will remember that song and cling to hope.” Friend stood up and looked out across the garden in the direction of the city. I will never lose hope. I believe in you, Jesus, The One Who Is.
Beckett was about to tell Friend that he wouldn’t be alone, that they would be with him. Then the realization hit him. Friend would never die. But they would. Even if they stayed and could be like family to him, Friend would end up alone. Beckett blinked back the sudden tears. This was a day for celebration. Somehow, God, please help Friend, too.
“I think we need to try to save them tomorrow,” said Zarah suddenly, taking Beckett’s hand and pulling him closer to where she sat, leaning against a tree.
“Save the aliens?” asked Chase, moving to sit down on the other side of Beckett.
“Yes. It’s Christmas. What better day to come into the light?” She smiled at Beckett and shifted even closer to him, despite the heat.
“I’m in,” said Beckett.
“Do I get to come this time?” asked Chase.
“Sure do,” said Zarah. “We’ll start towards the city near midnight. I’ll set an alarm on my watch. That way, we’ll get to the city near dawn. We should get some sleep until then.”
“We’ll be getting to the city on Christmas morning,” said Beckett.
“That’s right,” Zarah confirmed. 
Friend was still standing, looking down at them. Chase took Friend’s hand. “Come here, you. You’re not alone and we’re going to help your people.” He pulled him over and wedged him into the place between Beckett and himself.
Beckett patted the alien’s knee. “Tomorrow is Christmas.”
“What will we do?” asked Friend.
“Call them out into the light,” said Zarah. “Just like Beckett called you.”
“I can call to them too.” Friend touched a finger to his temple. 
“Course you can, Buddy. You can do this.” Chase pulled the alien’s head onto his shoulder. “But first we sleep.”
Friend kept his head on Chase’s shoulder. Though he still heard tormented thought fragments from the others, he felt comforted being near to these humans. “Why are you acting differently now?” he asked Chase.
“Because…” Chase blinked back tears. “Because I’ve come into the light too. And now we all have.”
“I don’t understand.”
“I believe in Jesus - The One Who Is, just like you do. Beckett says that makes us brothers. So now you’re like the little brother I never had.”
The alien sighed. “I still don’t understand.”
“That’s okay. Just try to sleep now,” said Chase, blinking back the tears. He’d never been so emotional. He had thought it wasn’t manly – just had never respected men who cried. But now…now everything was different. He felt The One Who Is on the inside. 
Friend closed his eyes and prepared himself for rest. “Thank you for your kindness…Brother.”
Zarah blinked back tears as she listened to the exchange. She knew that this would be a Christmas that she’d never forget.

***

Beckett woke, struggling to make sense of the faint chiming he heard beside him and the darkness all around. It took a moment for him to remember where he was. The chiming stopped.
“Merry Christmas,” said Zarah from beside him.
“Time to save some aliens,” said Chase from his other side.
“Friend, are you awake too?” asked Beckett.
“Yes. I did rest a little but I’ve spent most of the time analyzing that sleep noise that you make. What is the purpose for it?”
Chase snorted. “You mean snoring?”
“Is that what’s it called? It’s a peaceful sound although it is quite loud - especially from Chase. Do you use it for signaling others of your kind to let them know when you are sleeping and should not be disturbed?”
Chase snorted again. Zarah stood and stretched. She felt Beckett stand up beside her. Faint stars were sprinkled in the blackness above. It was much darker here than it was during nighttime on Earth. No streetlights. No moon. It was quieter too. The only sound was the wind through the leaves of the trees. She breathed in the still-humid air and caught the scent of the sweet fruits that hung on the tree above her head. She missed Earth. But today would be a special day. Her first real Christmas. 
“Let’s move out.” She checked her smart watch to confirm the direction and set out towards the city. 
“Do you still hear the others, Friend?” asked Beckett, who followed closely after Zarah.
“Yes. It is pain. Constant pain. Little else.”
“Do you know where they are? Their physical locations?”
“I…I’m not sure.”
“If some were nearby, would you be able to tell us?”
There was a long silence. He put a hand to his head and squeezed his eyes tightly closed. “I don’t know,” he said finally. “Maybe.”
“Since Friend can’t provide assurance that he will be able to warn us if the infected are nearby, we need to keep the chatter to a minimum while it’s dark,” said Zarah. They continued on in silence. 
The night passed uneventfully. Those who had pursued them and been trapped under daylight in agony had learned their lesson, and the experience had been passed on, real-time, to the others. Now the aliens all stayed in the city, close to shelter.
Dawn found the small band of would-be rescuers standing on the edge of the city. The sun was rising at their backs, casting a golden light on the towering glass and metal spires.
While the others looked out over the city, Friend put a hand over his eyes. “I do feel them. They are hiding inside. We are afraid.”
“Can you call them out from here?” asked Beckett.
“I don’t know.”
“Try. I’m not too keen on getting close to the infected ones,” said Zarah, shuddering at her last memory of Jones.
Friend’s eyes got that distant look and then he squeezed them shut tightly. “I can’t do it,” he whispered. “I can’t do this alone.”
“You’re never alone,” said Beckett. “The One Who Is – he’s always with you.”
“And you’ve got us.” Chase took Friend’s small hand and held it. “Ever since you’ve come back, you’ve been like a little kid. But you don’t have to be afraid. We’re here for you and we’re going to help you.”
Friend looked at Chase and then at their hands clasped together. Then he reached out his other hand to Zarah. She took it and held Beckett’s hand on the other side. They stood there, four in a row, looking out over the city. 
“We’ll shout, ‘Come out!’ all together, while you call them, Friend.”
Friend nodded gravely. “I’ll try.”
“You can do this, Buddy,” said Chase, giving Friend’s small white hand a gentle squeeze.
“On the count of three, we’ll all start shouting. And we’ll keep shouting until they come out or we’re so hoarse we can’t make another sound or so tired that we pass out. Got it?”
“Got it,” said Chase and Beckett.
“One, two, three!” shouted Zarah. “Come out! Come out! Come into the light!” They all started shouting. She smiled despite herself and suppressed an urge to laugh. Never imagined I’d be shouting Christian slogans at aliens on Christmas. Her smile broadened and she shouted even louder as she saw the first white alien walk timidly out of a nearby building into the sunlight. It fell almost immediately, of course, but a few moments later it was back up on its feet walking in their direction. This one had purple curly hair, cut short in an imitation of Beckett’s hairstyle. 
The alien was running towards them now. It stopped in front of Chase and put its hand awkwardly up on his shoulder. Tears streamed down the alien’s face. “I knew Jones. He talked to me. He called me flower.” It smiled sadly at the memory of their brief time together. Then the smile fell away. “I saw what happened to him…He saved you.” 
“Yes. He did save me. And now he’s gone to be with The One Who Is. There is no darkness there but only perfect peace,” said Chase.
“Then…” Using the fingertips of its other hand, the purple-haired alien wiped its tears and dried the moisture by rubbing it in a circular motion. “Then I will not cry but, instead, be glad for him and thankful. He told me to never give up on the truth, even if it meant not having unity with the others. He told me to stay in the light.” The alien squeezed Chase’s shoulder. “It was only the memory of his words to me, personally, that has given me the courage to come back into the light. And now I will call others to do the same.”
Tears poured from Zarah’s eyes and her cheeks hurt from smiling too much as she shouted over and over, “Come into the light! Come into the light – it’s Christmas!” 


Chapter 11 – Those Who Hated The Light

By late afternoon, there were thousands and thousands of aliens out in the fields with them. The humans had stopped shouting but the aliens were calling both with their mouths and their minds. Zarah sat under the shade of a tree with her back against its trunk. What a Christmas!
Beckett sat down beside her. “Our first Christmas together.” Slowly, he reached his hand towards hers. They clasped hands. 
She smiled. “The first of many?” she asked tentatively
“I hope so.” His brown eyes gazed into her face like he was looking right into her soul. “I need you, Calista Zarah.”
“Need me for what?” she asked playfully, leaning into him.
“Need you to be mine. Only mine, for always. I want to be able to kiss you without feeling like I’m stealing from you.”
Zarah felt tears come to her eyes but, after all that had happened, she didn’t even care. “I want that too.”
Beckett put his arm around her and pulled her closer. “When we get home, let’s get married.”
“Yes. And if we never get home?”
“Then we’ll get married here.”
Chase sauntered towards them. “Hope I’m not interrupting anything.” But the smirk on his face made it clear that he knew he was. He sat down heavily on the other side of Beckett. “So, how about that? We saved the aliens.”
“Looks like we did,” said Zarah.
“Do you think they’ll still be a threat to Earth?” asked Chase.
“I don’t think so…I hope not.” A wave of uncertainty and guilt washed over her. Please may this have been the right decision!
In a few minutes, Friend came and sat with them. “We will need to leave soon.”
“Why?” asked Zarah.
“We have not all come into the light. We do not agree. They will not talk with us. All we feel from them is pain and rage. We have to leave before darkness falls. We want to be one. We cannot return to them, though they demand it.”
“There are some of them still in there? Why aren’t they coming out?” asked Chase.
“I don’t know. But their desire for us to return to them is very strong. I fear they will come after us. We must leave now.”
Zarah got to her feet. It was already evening. The shadows around them were growing long. “You’re right. We need to go now. Come on.” She set out at a quick jog but noticed that the aliens weren’t keeping up. She called back to Friend, “You’ve got to go faster. Friend, tell them.”
“We…we are in torment.”
Zarah walked back to Friend, took both his hands in hers and looked into his eyes. “Do you want to go back to them?”
“No,” he whispered. 
“Call out to The One Who Is for strength and courage to go on. He has saved you from this darkness. He will give you what you need to overcome.”
Friend closed his eyes for a moment. When he opened them, his blue eyes shone in the falling darkness. “Yes, He will help us. Let’s go.” He used her expression and started running. The other aliens followed. The group more than doubled their speed. 
All trace of light was now gone from the sky. Zarah found herself jogging at the back of the group. Beckett fell in beside her. When she looked back, she could just make out, in the distance, the ghostly white forms of the infected aliens. The aliens from the city were in pursuit. But the infected couldn’t move as quickly as those who didn’t have the virus. The crew and the aliens who had come into the light would be safe but there’d be no sleep for anyone tonight. 
“It was still a great Christmas,” said Beckett from beside her.
“Yes. It was a great Christmas. Maybe we’ll be able to save the rest of the aliens tomorrow.”
“I hope so.”

***

They travelled all night. But the first rays of dawn brought no relief. As the sky turned from black to dark purple, the aliens around her started dropping to the ground, gasping, as if in pain.
Zarah didn’t see Friend. “What’s happening?” she asked a brown-haired alien who collapsed beside her.
“They are out in the light. We suffer terrible pain. What they endure, we endure. We are one.” He screamed and convulsed on the ground, burying his face in the dirt.
She put her hand on his bare white back. “Just hold on. It won’t last forever.”
The alien looked up at her with tears in his blue eyes. “How do you know that?”
“The others, I’m sure they’ll go back to the buildings at nightfall. Then you won’t suffer like this, right?”
“Because of what you have done, we will be in torment forever.”
Zarah stumbled away from the alien. She walked through the white bodies, writhing, facedown on the ground, looking for white-haired Friend. She saw Chase and Beckett, several meters away, also looking over the fallen aliens. She went to them.
“They all look alike,” muttered Chase. “We can’t find Friend.”
Zarah blinked the tears from her eyes as she moved closer to Beckett for comfort. “I did this,” she whispered. 
Beckett wrapped his strong arms around her. He didn’t know what to say. She had been following orders given to her by her superiors. And he had to concede that the aliens had been a threat, especially with that ship they had built. But whether her action was right or wrong – it wasn’t for him to judge.
“God can save them,” said Chase from nearby. Zarah shifted so she could see him. “The One Who Is, he’s all-powerful, right? So the way I figure it, we don’t have to worry ‘cause he’s gonna take care of things.”
Zarah smiled. Beckett reached out with his long arms and yanked Chase into an awkward group hug. “God’s gonna take care of things,” he echoed.
It was mid-morning when the humans finally found Friend. Chase saw him first.
“Here he is!”
Beckett and Zarah ran to the place where Chase was crouching.
“Is he okay?” asked Zarah.
“I don’t know. He looks just like all the rest of them. “Hey, Buddy, you doing alright?”
Friend moaned and rolled over to look at them. His blue eyes were filled with tears. He reached out and took Chase’s hand, like in a handshake. “I still call myself Friend to you.” Then he shook Zarah’s hand and then Beckett’s too. “Tomorrow we will try to re-take the Advanced Technology Headquarters. We want you to go home. Correction. They want you to go home. Want nothing more to do with the humankind. But even if I am alone in it, I still call myself Friend to you.”
Zarah sat down on the ground beside him. “Thank you.”
“And I think re-taking the building and sending us home is a great idea,” offered Chase. 
“Leave me now. Your presence makes it worse for us.”
Beckett nodded. The humans backed away from Friend. They walked some distance away from the mass of fallen, writhing bodies. When they were far enough away that they could barely hear the moans of pain, they stopped under the branches of a very large tree.
Chase reached up and plucked a shiny, yellow fruit. “At least we know now that the aliens are no longer a threat.”
Zarah nodded. “But it’s like we ruined paradise. I wish there was some way we could fix things here.” Zarah took a fruit and sat down with her back against the massive trunk.
Beckett sat down beside her. “I don’t think this place can ever be the same.”
“But they can’t even eat or sleep.” Zarah looked at the yellow fruit that she was peeling. “It seems like even Friend is losing hope.”
Chase sat down with them and tossed the yellow fruit peel aside. “Can’t they just try again with the calling tomorrow? Maybe the rest of them will come out if they keep trying.” He bit into the juicy yellow meat of the fruit. 
“I hope so.” Zarah held her peeled fruit up to Beckett. “Here, do you want this?”
 He broke it in half and gave half back to her. “We ran all night. After we eat, we should get some sleep. Hopefully, things will look brighter when we wake up.” He pulled off a segment and popped it into his mouth. Zarah did the same. Sitting down after a night on the run brought relief to her strained muscles. Waves of fatigue washed over her. After eating, they lay down in the tree’s shade during the heat of the day. The men fell asleep first. Zarah listened to them snoring. The sound was comfortable and familiar. Soon she, too, drifted into a deep sleep. 
When her eyelids fluttered open next, it was dark. She started fully awake, springing into a sitting position. She saw the outline of an alien sitting with them. Beckett and Chase were still asleep.
“Friend?” she whispered.
“Yes.”
“You’re better?”
“The return of darkness has brought some relief. But still, we cannot eat.” He put his hand to his gut. “Or sleep.”
She looked past him out onto the field. All the aliens still lay on the ground. “What are they doing?”
“They are looking up into the stars, seeking The One Who Is. Only he can save us now.”
“But you’re not doing that?”
“Oh, I’m seeking The One Who Is in my own way. I felt I needed to be near you, to make sure you’re all right.”
“We’re all right.” She slid over towards him so she could rest a hand on his shoulder. “I’m sorry.”
“I forgive,” said Friend without hesitation.
“Thanks for looking out for us.”
“Of course. I am your friend.” He touched her hand on his shoulder. “You should sleep more if you need to. It is not yet time to return to the city.” 
 “Okay.” Zarah crawled to where Beckett lay and curled up beside him. She watched the alien as she tried to find sleep. Truly he was a good friend. If only she could return the favor. 
Zarah felt a hand on her arm and started awake again. It felt like she’d only been asleep a moment. She opened her eyes to see that it was still dark but Beckett was leaning over her. “It’s not morning.”
“No, but the aliens are leaving now, so I figure we should go too. It’s a couple of hours before dawn.”
Zarah sat up and rubbed the sleep from her eyes. Friend and Chase were gone. “They’ve already left?” she asked.
“Yeah. Chase gave me a shake before he took off after Friend.”
“Friend was going to leave without us? Why?”
Beckett shrugged. “Let’s catch up and we can ask him.” He stood, leaned over and held out his hand to her.
Zarah took his hand and he hoisted her to her feet. She struggled to see in the darkness. The group was already some distance away from them. She stretched on her tip-toes in her boots. Then she bent over, stretching out her calf muscles. She took a few tentative steps to get the sleep out of her feet. Sleeping in her boots meant she was ready for action. But it wasn’t exactly comfortable.
“I’m ready. Let’s go!” she took off at a sprint, determined to find Friend before they reached the city.
Beckett, surprised at her abrupt departure and speed, took a few minutes to catch up with her, even with his long legs. And when he was running abreast with her, he was too winded to speak. Whatever happened, he had to keep her safe. The city could be dangerous even during the day. 
When they had caught up with the aliens, Zarah slowed her pace to match theirs. Dawn came just before they reached the outskirts of the city. They continued on at a slow run until they stood at the edge of the many-spired wonder. But inside, they knew, was darkness. 
Zarah and Beckett had found Chase with Friend. The four of them stood together gazing out over the city. The aliens were all silent, as usual, but they had that distant look in their eyes.
“What now?” asked Beckett.
“We must re-take our Advanced Technology Headquarters. So we can send you away.” There were tears in his eyes. Zarah didn’t know if it was because he didn’t want the humans to go or if it was because of what he was feeling from the darkness-infected aliens. 
Friend was sad to lose the humans and especially like this. He knew of only one way to bring harmony back to his world. But he couldn’t rejoin the others. He wouldn’t ever. It looked like there would never be peace again on his world. 
“Hold on,” Chase protested. “Aren’t you going to try calling them again? I mean, all these ones,” he said, motioning with his hand at all the aliens standing with them, “they came out yesterday. Maybe the rest will come out today.”
The tears that had been in Friend’s eyes slipped out and rolled down his cheeks. He shook his head slightly.
“You’re not going to try?” asked Zarah.
He shook his head and looked at the ground.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” asked Chase. “You gotta at least try! What’s the harm in trying right?”
“You don’t understand. They had their chance. Those who remain…they have chosen darkness.”
“Maybe they’re just afraid. Maybe they’d come out if you gave them another chance.”
The other aliens had all turned to look at them. Friend put his hand on Chase’s shoulder. “We will try today. For your sake, because I see the hope in your eyes. Tomorrow we will retake the Advanced Technology Headquarters and send you away.” Friend just stood there, looking at the ground. “Please call with me.” When he looked up at the humans, tears were flowing down his cheeks. “My heart is too heavy to do this alone.”
“Come on out! It’s a beautiful day to come out!” shouted Chase.
The other humans began calling too. Friend joined them in verbalizing, as did some of the other aliens. They called into late after noon. Then Friend stopped. He put a hand on Zarah’s shoulder and touched Chase and then Beckett with his other hand. Then he let both arms drop. “We have to move away from the city now. Darkness must not find us close to this place.” Head hanging in defeat, Friend led them away. The aliens turned en mass and walked out into the garden. 
Chase hurried to catch up to Friend. He fell into step beside him. He had given it all he had. His voice was hoarse from shouting for hours. “I’m sorry it didn’t work today, Friend. But we could try again tomorrow.” 
“Thank you for feeling hope. Even when there is none.” He glanced at Chase as they walked together. “I am glad you call me Friend.”
“There’s still hope. Gotta be. There’s always hope.”
“You don’t understand because you can’t feel them. I feel. We do not agree. They want darkness. They have chosen it – loved it. There is no hope for those who love darkness.”
Chase didn’t know what to say. He felt that there must still be hope somehow, at least for Friend. 
These three remain, faith, hope and love. And although the greatest of these is love, there is always hope.
They walked through the evening until it was almost too dark to see. But they kept walking. Finally, when it was near dawn, Friend stopped. “We will sleep here for a few hours. Then we will return to the city, to retake the Advanced Technology Headquarters.” 
The three humans curled up on the ground where Friend lay down. Zarah felt Beckett beside her. But it was only a small comfort. Now that it was dark, she let the tears come. How could she leave Friend and the others in torment forever? She prayed, her heart breaking, her new-found faith her only recourse. Surely God knew it was unfair and that she was sorry. Please, please, save Friend! Physical exhaustion and heavy sorrow pulled her down into a deep sleep. The next thing she knew, Beckett was gently shaking her awake again.
“It’s time to wake up, Sleepy. Don’t make me sing the song my mom always used to sing to us.”
“What?” She struggled to open her eyes. The sun was up - it was fully light already.
“I thought I was going to have to carry you. You were really out of it,” said Beckett.
“I’m so tired.”
“The aliens are headed back to the city already.”
Zarah sat up quickly and looked around. They were alone in the small grove. She put her hand over her eyes and then rubbed her forehead. “I don’t feel great.”
“When was the last time you ate something?” His soft brown eyes showed concern. His dark curly hair had not gotten any attention over the past days and was frizzed, threatening to become an afro.
She smiled as she took in his new look. “I’m not sure.” Then a pang of sadness resounded in her heart. “But how can I eat, knowing what Friend is going through?”
Beckett sighed and stood. “We’re not like them, Zarah, and you know it. If you don’t eat, you’ll get weak and die. Not okay.” He reached up into a tree and plucked two purple fruits. He sat back down and handed one fruit to her, keeping one for himself. “Eat. We both need it. I’m hungry and depleted too.”
Zarah took it and bit down on the smooth purple skin. “Mmm…I like this kind. It’s not as sweet as the others. I think I like the purple ones the best.” She wiped magenta-colored juice from her chin. Then she stood. “Let’s walk and eat. I don’t want to get too far behind.” 
Beckett stood and they walked together towards the alien city. They could just see the others in the distance. Zarah and Beckett walked on together, so close they almost touched, their eating the only sound. When they had finished, Zarah wiped her sticky fingers on her pants. “I’ll be glad when we get to eat something besides this fruit.”
“Me too.” He stopped and took her hand then. 
She stopped and looked at him. Still he clutched her hand in his. “What is it?”
“I wanted to do this when we were alone.” He knelt down on one knee. “I love you. Zarah, will you marry me?”
Tears filled her eyes and the old fear rose up in her. If she didn’t control things, wouldn’t they fall apart? Could she trust this man, with the rest of her life?
“But what if we never make it off this planet?”
“I think we will but, even if we don’t, I want you as my wife. I need you Calista. I want happily-ever-after with you, wherever we end up.”
She blinked hard and the tears fell from her eyes to the vibrant green moss on the ground. “Yes, James Beckett. I will marry you!” He stood and she flung her arms around him. “I love you!” She turned her head and rested it against his chest. His chin rested on the top of her head. He was so tall. The powerful scent of days without a laundry facility met her in that embrace. But Zarah didn’t care. Even if they never left this planet, she was at home in his arms. She hugged him more tightly and heard the quiet sound of his heart beating, even through his protective uniform. He stroked her back as he held her and the tension drained away. They clung to each other for several minutes.
Zarah sighed, pulled away and looked up into his deep brown eyes. She slid her hands up around his neck and stood on her tip-toes. He leaned towards her and tilted his head down a little. She pulled him closer and closed her eyes. Their lips touched. His hands on her back pulled her closer. 
Beckett pressed her body up against his. His need for her was so strong – how had he ever lived apart from her? He felt her open mouth beneath his lips, inviting. 
Then she was pulling away and he was letting go. They would belong to each other completely. But not yet. They had other things to deal with first.
When they parted, they both grinned. “We’d better run to catch up,” said Zarah.
“Okay.” Beckett held out his hand to her. She grabbed it and they ran towards the aliens, only barely visible in the distance. 
When they got closer, they saw Chase. He was near the back of the group. Clearly he had been wondering where they were. He looked from their grinning faces to their clasped hands. 
When they fell into step with him, he spoke, “Nice to see the two of you have been enjoying yourselves.”
“We’re engaged,” Zarah announced. “I’m thinking of inviting you to the wedding.”
 Chase scowled. “We’ve made this place a living hell for them. Beckett, did you really think this was the right time to ask her?”
“The exactly right time. When the world is so dark…how can we go on? We both needed this now. This promise of hope.”
“Yeah? And what about me?”
“Sorry. I can’t propose to you.” Beckett laughed and punched him playfully in the arm. 
Chase cracked a grin. “Well, I guess someone might as well be happy.” He socked Beckett in the gut but not hard enough to drop him.
Beckett gasped, faltered in his stride and held his middle for a second. Zarah looked at the men, eyes narrowed, wondering if she would have to step in. She let go of Beckett’s hand.
Beckett shook his head. “You’re a character, Chase.”
“Back at ya. Sorry, Man, guess I’ll have to remember to pull my punches a little more with you.” Chase laughed.
Beckett laughed too, good-naturedly. “Feeling better now?”
“Yeah.” 
Beckett threw an arm around him. “Still friends though, right?”
“Yeah, yeah. Still friends.” Chase laughed and shrugged off Beckett’s arm. He took off at a jog to catch up with the group.
“Do you think he’s going to be okay?” asked Zarah. 
“I don’t know.” He held out his hand to her. “We’re almost at the city. Let’s find Friend.” 
Zarah took his hand and they jogged after the group. The spires of the city towered before them. They all stopped at the edge of the city as they had the day before. Beckett spotted Chase and Friend and walked towards them. Chase was looking angry.
“I don’t understand why you’re not going to try anymore.” He was standing too close to Friend and shouting.
Zarah started to move more quickly, worried about what her second pilot might do.
“They will not come out,” said Friend. “I know. They will not.” He touched his temple with his fingertips. 
Chase balled his hands into fists. Zarah knew she wouldn’t be able to reach him in time through the crowd.
Friend put both his hands on Chase’s shoulders and looked up into his face. “We know The One Who Is, yes? So, we’ll always have that. You and me, we both know The One Who Is.”
The fight and tension went out of Chase. “But…you can never have peace. And it’s because we came.”
“But, if you had not come, we would not have seen the book of Truth. It was worth it to know. It was worth it to me. So I can know about The One Who Is, not just the glimpse I had when I was created. Really know Him. And now I’ll always have that. Though I have pain,” his clear blue eyes filled with tears, “I have The One Who Is. That will be enough. I am glad you came.”
Chase’s vision blurred as his eyes filled with tears. The warm pressure of the alien’s hands on his shoulders made any lingering anger fade away. Friend was glad they’d come. He shook his head. “Still…it’s not right.”
“The One Who Is – he is all powerful. Nothing is impossible for him. And your book tells of a day when He will come back and set all things right. We too will now wait for that day.”
Chase pulled the alien into a hug. “I’m glad we came, too.” He thumped his back once and let him go. 
Friend was smiling now. “We enjoy your Earth custom. Thank you.”
Zarah, who had reached them now, looked around to see that all the aliens were watching Friend and Chase and that they all wore expressions identical to that of Friend’s.
“Thank you,” murmured several others who were nearby.
“How are we going to clear the Advanced Technology Headquarters?” asked Zarah, breaking the spell of the moment. 
The smile dropped away from Friend’s face. “We have a plan. The lights inside the building can be programmed to imitate daylight – we can change the wavelengths emitted. We will gain control of these lights from the outside of the building and turn them on to maximum brightness.”
“What if they just break the lights?” asked Chase.
“They are not easy to break. They would need tools to disassemble the lights. In the state they are in now, it would be impossible for them. We showed them the plan last night, hoping that they all would shelter in a different building today.”
“Do you think that has happened?” asked Beckett.
“I don’t know. We don’t think so.”
Friend headed into the city, in the direction of the Advanced Technology Headquarters. Some of the others followed him but most of them stayed on the rise overlooking the city. The three humans hurried to catch up with him. “Not everyone’s coming?”
“No. There’s no need. We will commandeer the lighting system and secure the building. There’s no need to endanger everyone.”
The small group walked quickly through the deserted streets. It was a ghost town compared to when they first arrived.
“How many are still infected?” asked Zarah.
“Almost one third of us. But we must focus on what we have to do.”
Zarah nodded and they walked in silence. After a long walk, the blue cube-like building came into view. Friend led the way around the building to the back, where he opened up a panel in the side of the building. The three humans stood together in a clump while Friend and one other alien worked on whatever was behind the panel. 
“Soon we’ll be going home,” said Zarah.
“I think there must be a way that we can help Friend and the others,” said Beckett.
“How?” asked Chase.
“I don’t know. But I just feel that there is a way to restore paradise.” 
“There. It’s done,” murmured Friend. They fixed the panel back into place. 
Cautiously, they walked around to the front of the building. But Friend put his arm out, stopping Chase when he walked towards the front door.
“What are we doing now? asked Chase. 
“Waiting for them to come out.”
The door to the Advanced Technology Headquarters was shoved aside and four white aliens stumbled into view. They didn’t look like clowns anymore. The aliens had lost weight. They were now only skin and bones with huge black eyes - monsters. They screamed, staggered and collapsed, seizing on the ground. Tears sprang to Zarah’s eyes. The door flew open again and two more staggered into view. Their hipbones and ribs were clearly visible beneath the paper white flesh. They only got a few steps from the door before they, too, fell down, screaming. The first ones woke up and lurched in the direction of a nearby building, seeking the safety of darkness. They screamed and screamed as pain seared them. Zarah and Beckett looked away. They couldn’t bear to watch.
Chase looked at Friend and realized that he, too, was only a shadow of his former self. His skin hung loose around his skeletal form. One of Friend’s hands cradled his forehead and the other clutched his midsection. Chase turned back to the infected aliens. More and more of them were coming out of the Headquarters building. He watched in horror as the aliens fell down, writhed, lay still, woke up, ran a few meters and the fell again - repeating the cycle over and over. Their progress towards the shelter of an adjacent building was agonizingly slow. 
Friend and the aliens with him collapsed on the roadway, their quiet moaning almost entirely eclipsed by the screams of those infected by darkness.
Finally, after half an hour, all the infected aliens reached the next building. Everything was silent but still Friend and the six others lay on the road, blue eyes looking up into the sky.
“Are you okay?” Beckett knelt beside Friend. 
“How can we ever be okay?” he whispered. “Yet, somehow I will be. I know The One Who Is. That will be enough.” Beckett held out his hand and, when Friend took it, he hoisted the alien to his feet. Zarah and Chase helped the others get up. 
“Is the building clear now?” asked Beckett. 
“We believe so,” said Friend.
They walked into the building. Friend led them to the room that housed the teleport. Zarah hesitated on the threshold. Across the room, at the other door, large dark, red-brown smears stained the pale blue flooring. The aliens did not look at it. She looked away and saw Chase looking at her. 
“Sorry, Captain.”
She nodded. “Ultimately, I’m responsible for those under my command.”
Beckett, who was standing behind her, put his hand on her shoulder. “It was his choice. He wouldn’t hold anything against either of you. And he’s gone to a better place now.”
Zarah reached up and touched Beckett’s hand on her shoulder. She nodded. And blinked back the tears.
The four of them stood in the transport room. Friend had inspected the machine. “It has not been damaged.” He flipped a switch, causing the device to start to hum. “It will take a few minutes to warm up.” A faint blue light emanated from the teleport. 
“Don’t know why you want to send us away so bad,” said Chase. The frustration was back. It just wasn’t right. “We’re not the ones making you miserable. Why don’t you send them away instead?”
Friend made a motion like a half-shrug. “Where would we send them?” His eyes refocused into the distance. When he spoke, his voice was quiet, as though it was coming from a long way away. “Even if there were somewhere to send them, what good would it do? We are connected to them by shared memory. Wherever they were, we would feel their pain, the darkness…”
“Come on. You’re the aliens with superior advanced technology. Don’t you have something for that? Like a mind-wipe or something?” asked Chase.
Friend’s eyes went wide as he turned his gaze on Chase. His mouth fell open slightly. “There may be something. I see a picture in my mind…” He stood still, his face expressionless, his eyes unblinking. He flipped the switch to turn the teleport off.
Chapter 12 – Restoration Of Paradise

“I have seen the way,” said Friend. “We can’t live like this - we can’t eat or sleep. There is no peace, no hope. But there is a way to bring harmony back to our people. Those of us in the light, now we agree.”
“What are you thinking?” asked Beckett.
“We believe that there is a way to restore paradise. This constant torment and fear must end. There is a device.” 
“Once one of us suffered a terrible accident while creating something new. The fuel he was using ignited. We tried to get him out but the huge building collapsed. The fire burned for three days before we were able to remove debris and reach him.”
“But he was okay, right?” asked Chase.
“Yes and no. Physically, he was soon well. But his mind was troubled. He poisoned our calm with nightmares of fire and with resentment that we couldn’t get to him sooner. We had never experienced this kind of trauma before. Years went by. We thought his troubling feelings would fade in time but, instead, they grew worse. He became afraid of fire and so did we all, to some extent. Then we came up with an idea. If he no longer remembered the incident, then he wouldn’t feel the pain or fear anymore.”
“You have the technology to do that?” asked Beckett.
“We didn’t then but now we do. I invented it. The device can erase selected memories.”
“Did it work?” asked Zarah.
“Yes. The machine took years to plan and construct but, when we used it on him, we felt immediate relief. We remembered the time but he had no personal memories of the event. He could not remember the fear or pain. The fear of fire was gone. So we again had peace.”
“I’m not sure how this applies to the current situation. If you erased the memories of those who refuse the light, what good would it do?” asked Beckett. 
“No, the plan is more complicated than that. It will require that we use the ship we built as well as some other items that we will have to develop. When you asked me if there was a place we could send them, I was reminded of a planet we discovered, several hundred light years from here. The atmosphere is similar to ours, though the temperature is somewhat warmer as it is closer to its sun. Quite a lot warmer actually, but I don’t think it will matter too much to the infected as they are in constant agony anyway. Most importantly, half of the planet is always dark because of the planet’s orbit and speed of rotation. We will use the ship to transport those who love darkness to the dark side of that planet. The devices we must build are cloaking devices, which will shield the planet and prevent anyone from accidently discovering it in the future. We have made smaller cloaking devices as an experiment so I know we will be able to accomplish this.”
“But what about the memory erasing machine?” asked Beckett.
“After all that is complete, we will erase them from our memories. This should sever the telepathic connection. Then we will be free of torment and finally have peace again.” There was a stunned silence. 
Zarah’s mouth dropped open. “What?” she asked finally.
“You’re going to dump them on a dark planet, cloak the planet so no one will ever be able to find them, and then forget about them. Does that about sum it up?” asked Chase.
Friend nodded sadly. “It is the only way.”
Zarah didn’t know what to say. The aliens had made their choice but…it seemed so sad. The infected would be lost forever to eternal torment and…no one would even remember them.
“Would that forgetting machine work on us?” asked Chase.
Friend shrugged. “I’m not sure. But someone has to press the button and then destroy the device. And it must be one of you.”
“I’ll do it,” said Zarah. “It’s my responsibility.”
Chase shook his head. “I should be the one to do it.”
“How long will it take you to construct the planet-cloaking devices?” asked Beckett.
“Certainly days, possibly weeks.”
“So there’ll be plenty of time to talk about this decision,” said Beckett, holding Zarah’s gaze.
They stayed in the Advanced Technology Headquarters that evening. Friend had constructed a lock for the door but explained that it wouldn’t be necessary. As night approached, he turned on the exterior lighting. 
“It will be enough to keep them away. They don’t want you as much as they want to stay away from the light.”
“They want us?” asked Chase.
Friend swallowed and averted his eyes. “I did not mean to reveal that to you but…they blame you for what has happened. We see images from them again and again…what happened to Jones.” He ended in a whisper. Then he looked up tentatively at the humans. 
Zarah shuddered as they peered out of the building into the growing gloom. 

***

Days became weeks as Friend and the other aliens prepared everything that they would need. At first, the humans stayed in the Advanced Technology Headquarters with Friend and the others. Beckett watched and tried to understand how they were constructing the devices. 
Friend turned to him. “This next part is delicate. We will now be programming the memory-deleting device. Specific areas of memory will have to be selected while others are left intact. We feel this would progress at a better pace without having to explain everything to you in English. Communication is very fast this way.” Friend touched his temple. “This way it is slow, inefficient.” He pointed at his lips. “What’s more, we now believe the memory-deleting device will work on humans. So chances are you won’t be able to remember any of this, anyway. So, you see, it is an exercise in pointlessness.”
“Right. Got it.” Beckett wandered away from the room where they were putting the devices together. He looked around for Chase and Zarah. Through a glass door in the building, he saw them sitting on a bench in the park outside the Advanced Technology Headquarters. They were eating fruit from the trees there. His stomach gurgled and he realized just how hungry he was. Spending time with aliens who didn’t eat anymore had sidetracked his appetite. He swung the door open and walked towards them, his long legs covering the ground quickly.
“There he is,” said Chase. “We’d better stop talking about him.”
They both giggled. Zarah slid away from Chase to make a spot for Beckett on the bench between the two of them. She held out a purple fruit to him.
“Nice to finally see you. This is dragging on so long, Chase and I were starting to get bored.” Her voice dropped. “It’s horrifying.” She glanced around at the darkened buildings that surrounded the little park, “yet boring at the same time.”
He took the fruit from her and sat down on the middle of the bench, in the space that they had made for him. 
“Got kicked off the team. They said I was slowing them down.”
“So it was you making them take so long, was it?” asked Chase in mock-outrage. “I aughta…” He made his hand into a fist and held it up for Beckett to see. “I won’t though. I remember last time, you almost fell over with just one little tap. I’m holding myself back.” He let his hands drop and shifted away from Beckett on the bench.
Beckett laughed unenthusiastically. “I’m so tired.” He bit into the fruit. Purple juice sprayed out and a few drops landed on Chase’s face.
Chase wiped his face with exaggerated disapproval. “You’re just asking for it now, Buddy.” He gave Beckett a playful shove on the shoulder.
“Boys, stop it. Do I really have to come sit in between you two?”
“Yes, I think you should,” Chase replied with a grin. 
Beckett couldn’t muster another laugh. “Maybe we should go on vacation. Nothing more we can do here, anyway. We could go and see the dat again before… everything happens.”
“I’m game,” said Chase. “Tired of all these black eyes watching me day after day. I can feel them.” He shivered, despite the heat.
“Alright, let’s go.” Zarah stood. It’s only mid-morning. We can be well into the garden before nightfall if we run part of the way. Chase, go tell Friend that we’re going out to the pool for a few days.”
“Yes, Captain.” Chase stood and walked back into the Advanced Technology Headquarters. Leaving Beckett and Zarah alone.
“Are you okay?” She took his hand.
“I’m tired and my heart is so heavy. I wish this was already behind us.”
“Me too.” She pulled him closer and hugged him, squeezing until she could hear his heartbeat through his uniform. When Zarah heard the door opening again, she let Beckett go. Looking up, she saw Chase coming towards them.
“Told him we’re going.”
“Great.” Zarah reached up and took another purple fruit from a tree branch that overhung the bench. “One for the road. Let’s go.”
Beckett and Chase both pulled down another fruit and followed the captain. They made their way through the deserted-looking city, eating fruit as they went. 
After he popped the last piece into his mouth, Chase licked his fingertips. “Friend said that the rest of the aliens were in the garden, some distance from the city, and that he would tell them we will be passing through, on the way to the pool.”
Zarah nodded. She was glad they wouldn’t be at the pool. Most of the aliens really didn’t seem too enamored with them anymore. 
By sunset, they reached the thousands of aliens camped out in the garden. Silent stares greeted the humans as they walked through their midst. The aliens sat alone or in small groups on the mossy ground. But, as the humans walked by, every one of them watched. Because it was evening, Zarah couldn’t make out the expression on the aliens’ faces. Were they angry or just in pain? The silence was unnerving. Even the wind had stopped blowing so the only noise was the quiet sound of the vegetation compressing under their feet as they walked. They kept going. None of the humans felt comfortable sleeping near the aliens when Friend wasn’t there.
It was in the early hours of the next morning, before dawn, when Zarah finally decided they should rest. She stopped abruptly and looked up into the dark sky filled with blue pinpricks. They were all too tired. None of them had been sleeping well.
“We’ll stop here for the night,” said Zarah.
Chase gratefully dropped to the ground and lay down on his back. He looked up into the sky too. “The thing I love about this planet is that it’s never cold. Imagine we were stuck here and it was snowing all the time?”
“True enough,” said Beckett, sitting down on the spongy moss-like vegetation and patting the ground beside him in silent indication that Zarah should join him. 
Zarah sank to the place beside Beckett as she thought about the gesture. In the past, it would have bothered her greatly. That type of motion was often used to call a dog. But now, when she searched her heart, she found that it didn’t faze her at all. She leaned her head on Beckett’s shoulder for a moment. Here was the man she was going to spend the rest of her life with, whatever that would look like. He loved her. Zarah trusted him. She didn’t need to second-guess every little thing anymore. 
Soft snoring started. Chase was already asleep. 
Zarah curled up on the ground. “Good night,” she whispered. 
Beckett lay down beside her. “Good night, My Love.” He stroked her hair twice before closing his eyes.
The next thing she knew the hot sun was beating down on them. Zarah sat up and rubbed her eyes. The men were still asleep. She looked around at the landscape and then at the vibrantly colored fruit hanging from the trees. It was a strange world. A little too empty. Zarah much preferred Earth, with the sounds of birds and even bugs making up a constant background noise. On this world, there was too much silence. She would be glad to go home. 
“Time to get up, boys.” She stood up and stretched. Beckett stirred at her feet. 
Still lying on his back, he looked up at her, shading his eyes from the sun with his hand so that he could take her in. She was so beautiful. And strong. He really admired that in her. He needed someone who would really be there for him. Someone who would help him. I must be the luckiest man alive.
Zarah consulted her smart watch as they continued away from the city. It was just after noon when they finally reached the pool. The crystal clear water shimmered in the sunlight. 
“Ah, here we are. I could use a swim,” announced Chase.
“Well,” Zarah hesitated. The water looked deliciously inviting. “Maybe we could just go in with our uniforms on. I’m a strong swimmer. I’m sure I could still swim with mine on. Back in high school, I used to be a lifeguard.”
Chase broke away from them and ran to the water’s edge. “You can suit yourself but, as for me, my underwear is basically just like swimming trunks anyway.” He stripped off his uniform. Zarah looked away, uncomfortable. Chase splashed into the water. “Oh, yeah! This is awesome!” He grinned at Beckett and Zarah. “Come on in. The water’s fine!”
Beckett walked to the water’s edge and knelt down. “I think I’ll just have a drink.”
“What? You’re not coming in?”
“Nah, I’ll just relax here in the shade and watch you guys.”
“I think I’ll wear my uniform.” Zarah just wasn’t comfortable with the idea of stripping down to her underwear in front of Chase and Beckett. Slowly, she climbed down the slippery rocks into the pool.
“Seriously, Beckett, why aren’t you coming in? Afraid of the water or something?” Chase splashed water into Beckett’s face. 
“Yup, pretty much. I can’t swim.” Beckett stared at Chase, unsmiling.
“Ah, sorry, man. Hey, I could teach you. Or, better yet, our resident lifeguard could show you the ropes.” Chase winked at him and then looked at the captain, smirking.
Beckett’s eyes flicked to meet Zarah’s gaze. He chuckled nervously. “What do you think, Zarah? 
“Sure. We could try it.” She tried to keep her expression casual as her emotions did summersaults in her gut. It was just swimming lessons. She’d done this plenty of times before. 
Beckett unzipped the front of his uniform. “I think I’ll be lighter and more mobile if I take this off.”
Zarah nodded and looked away. Just like swimming trunks, she reminded herself.
Beckett climbed carefully down into the pool, a wary expression of concentration on his face. “There’s a first time for everything, right? My family never went swimming; it just wasn’t important to us.”
“Never went swimming? That’s crazy! What? Were you a slave or something?” asked Chase with a sneer, a little of his former-self coming through.
“No.” Beckett made sure not to look at Zarah. “Swimming just was never part of my life.”
“I never learned to swim until I was twelve,” said Zarah. “Not everyone has the same opportunities, you know.” She looked pointedly at Chase.
He saw pain in her green eyes. When am I gonna learn to keep my big mouth shut? She had been a slave! What a stupid thing to say! “Sorry…It’s taking a while getting used to this ‘being a good guy’ thing. I’ve been the other way for so long. Seems like I’ve got ‘stupid jerk’ ingrained on my personality.”
“Nah, don’t say that,” said Zarah. “I think you’re going to turn out okay.”
“Remember,” Beckett added, “the Bible says that even the fool is thought wise if he keeps his mouth shut.”
They all laughed. “Does it really say that?” asked Zarah. 
“Yes, it does actually.” They laughed again, even Chase. It felt good to let the tension out. There was a loud splash. Zarah turned to see that the dat had leaped into the pool to be with them. It knocked Beckett into the water with its exuberance. Beckett’s eyes were wide as he sank below the surface. 
“Help him!” Zarah called out to Chase. She executed two powerful stokes with her arms and a series of quick kicks. Then she was beside him. Beckett grabbed onto her, pinning her arms to her sides in his panic. Her head went under the water with the weight. She pushed against him and wriggled, trying to get free. The pressure released. Zarah kicked gratefully to the surface. Chase must have pulled him off. But Beckett was still going down. She swam, circling around behind him. Then she took hold of his shoulders from behind while clamping his head between her forearms. She did the eggbeater kick as she pulled him to shallower water. 
“I can touch here,” Chase said, finally. “Beckett will be able to as well.”
Gratefully, Zarah let him go. He started to go under again. “Beckett, put your feet down!” she shouted.
Then he was standing shakily, water dripping from his bare chest. The dat swam playfully nearby, unaware of the near-fatality it had just caused. 
“That was a close one.” Chase pounded him on the back. “You gave us quite a scare! Sorry I had to wallop you one. You just about drowned the captain!” Chase laughed loudly in relief. 
Beckett wiped his face slowly with both hands, still a little shaky from the experience. Then he looked at Zarah. “Sorry. I just freaked out back there.”
Zarah laughed too. The sound was contagious. Her hands were shaking from the adrenaline pumping through her system. “First rule of learning how to swim: stay where you can touch the bottom until you actually know how. Got it?”
Beckett laughed too then, relief washing over his features. She was okay. He was okay. And she wasn’t mad. “I don’t know. I’m thinking I’ve had enough of swimming lessons. You’re right. A fear of water is totally justified if you don’t know how to swim.”
“Well, it’s high time we fix that.” Zarah walked over to him and put her hand on his arm. “First, you need to get used to the water by submerging your face. You need to get comfortable with that.”
“You’re really going to give me lessons? Now?” Beckett stared into her intense green eyes. He admired her tenacity. He’d just dragged her under the water and here she was, willing to give it another go.
“No time like the present.” She smiled, her hand still on his arm. “I’m here. You’re here. We have no other responsibilities. I like teaching swimming and…I like you.”
He enjoyed the warmth of her touch on his bare skin and felt his face suddenly flush at her proximity.
“Well, isn’t that special,” said Chase. “I think I’ll go see if I can teach Dat to play fetch.” He surged away through the water towards the large green beast. Rubbing the fur between its ears, Chase said, “Come on, Buddy. Let’s find a branch.” He swam towards the other edge of the pool. The dat followed, curiously. “I think it missed us,” Chase called back to them.
But the other two had already turned their attention away from him. Beckett ducked under the water and came up sputtering, but laughing. 
“Like that?” he asked her.
“Yes, that was good. Now, this time, try exhaling slowly when you’re under the water; try blowing bubbles.”
“Blowing bubbles. Okay I can do this.” He bent his knees and dunked his head under the water again. This time a volcano of bubbles erupted to the surface just before he stood up, gasping for breath. “How was that?”
“Exhale slowly. Small bubbles.”
“Small bubbles. Okay, I’ll try again. This learning to swim is way more fun than I thought it would be.” He grinned at her. 
“Just stay where you can touch!” She laughed.
Soon Beckett progressed to learning the back float. He was trying to lie on his back in the water but he kept sinking.
“Just relax. In the water, you’re not as heavy so I can hold you up. Here, lay back onto my hands.” Beckett slowly lay back, smiling shyly. Such a sweet expression on his face. Zarah’s heart squeezed but she tried not to let it show too much. She wanted this to be about learning how to swim. Letting it be about something else would make the situation entirely too tempting. She put one hand under his head where his neck connected to the base of his skull. She put the other hand on the small of his back. Beckett moved as if to stand back up. “No, no, just stay still. I’ve got you.” He held still and, with her help, his body stabilized in a horizontal position in the water. “There, see, you’re floating. This is progress!”
“Thanks, Teach.” Beckett relaxed in her arms, smiling up at her. It was all Zarah could to keep from kissing him. Teaching swimming, she reminded herself.
“Now I’m going to pull my hands away and you try to stay still. See if you can float on your own.” Zarah slowly pulled her hands away. Beckett slowly sank beneath the surface, then sprang to his feet. 
“How’d I do?”
“Very good for a first lesson. We’ll try the float again next time but it may be that you’re too lean for floating. Fat makes for better floatation than muscle.”
“I might be too well muscled for floating?” Beckett flexed his arms like a bodybuilder and Zarah giggled, in spite of her efforts towards professionalism.
She turned away from him and began to climb up the slippery rocks to shore. The wet uniform was heavy. “If that’s the case, we’ll move on to learning the flutter kick.”
“Sounds fun!” Beckett climbed out more quickly. He lent her his hand when he reached the moss-covered ground. She took it and let him help her up. Zarah couldn’t help but take in his form, dripping wet. Just like swim trunks, she reminded herself, forcing her eyes away.
The next week passed in much the same way, Zarah teaching Beckett to swim and Chase feeling like a third wheel. He was glad to see them happy though. But seeing them together made him think of his own wife. She had been so devoted. He had not deserved her. And thinking about his wife made him think about what would happen when he got back to Earth. He would have to confess what he had done. He couldn’t live with this dark secret any longer. His crime carried a mandatory prison sentence and he’d lose his position in the military. What kind of life could he have then? His job was everything to him. No, not everything - not since he had seen the light. Whatever happened, it was better to live in the light.

***

They had been vacationing at the pool for almost two weeks now. Chase lounged in the shade, the dat beside him, making a quiet purring-like sound as he stroked its green, spotted fur. But Chase’s eyes were on Zarah and Beckett, together again in the water. They seemed so happy. Their laughter carried to his ears over the distance. They would have a good future. 
A flash of brilliant white illuminated an area just beyond a small stand of trees. It must be the teleport! Chase got up quickly to see who had arrived. It was Friend, looking grave. “It is time. Everything is ready.” 
Chase glanced back through the trees at Zarah and Beckett. “How long will it take?”
“Not long. Someone will need to press the button. Everyone will forget except the one who operates the memory erasure device - even the other humans. The person who presses the button will be in an isolation chamber so they will not be affected. When they press the button, a countdown will be activated, after which the building will explode, to remove the evidence of what we have done. That person will have to evacuate the building before it explodes.”
“Is it hard to operate the memory erasure device?”
“No, we have made it very simple so that one of you humans can activate it. One of you must help us bring peace back to our world.”
“It is the only way to return to paradise?”
Friend stared at him for a moment. “Yes, it is the only way.”
“I’ll do it. I’ll come with you.”
“What about Beckett and Zarah? Should we not bring them also?” Friend made like he would walk past Chase, through the trees to the pool. 
Chase put an arm out to stop him. “Why make them witness what they won’t remember anyway? I’m going to be the one to press the button.” He stood watching them and beckoned Friend to do the same. “They’re so happy.” Friend and Chase watched the couple for a minute. “I will be the one who carries this memory.”
“Very well. Let’s go and have this finished.” Friend got a distant look in his eyes. Light flashed around them, hotter and hotter. Chase grunted and fell to his knees as they appeared in the main, vaulted area of the Advanced Technology Headquarters. 
“Rough way to travel.” He groaned and then pushed himself to his feet. 
There was anguish on Friend’s face now. “It has started.” He walked to the glass door and looked out. “Those who did not heed our warning and board the spaceship last night are being driven out. Lights have been turned on, maximum strength, in all buildings. As Chase watched, an alien burst out of the building across the park from the Advanced Technology Headquarters. It fell to the ground, writhing. Even from this distance, Chase could hear the screaming.
“Will they all have to get to the ship during daylight now? That would be a day’s walk even at a normal pace. With all the staggering and collapsing they’re doing…this will be torment for you!”
“No, some of us are outside, watching for them. When they are located, they will be teleported directly onto the ship.” The alien on the ground across the way disappeared in a flash of white. “Once they are all on the ship, it will be piloted remotely to their destination. The ship will deploy the cloaking devices around the planet before landing. Once it touches down, there will be a small explosion, causing all critical systems on the ship to be destroyed, leaving the hull for them to live in, if they wish.
“Wait, will there be any food there?” asked Chase.
“No.” Friend shrugged. “We can’t eat anymore anyway, remember?”
“Soon you’ll have relief.” Chase turned away from the door to look at Friend and put his hand on the alien’s shoulder. “I’m going to help you. Show me what I have to do.”
“It’s not time yet. We will wait until the ship reaches its destination first. We want to make sure everything has gone according to plan before we forget.” Friend still watched out the window, great sadness on his face. Chase swallowed back tears, patting the alien’s shoulder before letting his hand fall back to his side. Soon they would be able to put this behind them. They would. Not him but that would be worth it to give them all peace. He could handle it.
After they had watched the wind blowing through the trees in the park for twenty minutes, Friend spoke.
“They are all on the ship now.” There was a loud rumble. Friend walked outside into the park. Chase followed him. They looked up into the mauve sky. A ship, like the Crave, rose up above the spires of the city. Chase shielded his eyes from the sun and watched as the ship ascended into the atmosphere and then out of sight. 
Friend sat down on a park bench. “Now we will wait until the ship lands on the planet.”
Chase went and sat beside him. The silence was good. Chase didn’t have to be telepathic to know what the alien was thinking. The pain was written all over his face. Friend clutched his gut and slumped over. Chase put an arm around the alien’s shoulder. He was like a younger brother. Thank you, God, for giving me the opportunity to fix this. He would do it. And he alone would carry the memory. He would do it for Friend, for Zarah and for The One Who Is.
Hours passed as the sun slipped a little lower in the sky. Finally Friend broke the silence.
“The ship is now in orbit around the planet. Let us go inside and I will show you what to do.” Chase followed Friend back into the large blue building. As Friend opened the door, he spoke again “The cloaking devices have now been deployed and activated successfully. The planet is no longer visible. We cannot detect its presence in any way.”
Chase nodded. “That’s good.”
Friend led the way down a hall to a small, closet-sized room. “This is it.” He went in and Chase joined him in the cramped quarters. There was a machine about the size of a small kitchen table. Gray and cubical, it looked like different-sized, metal Lego blocks had been fixed together. Centered on the top of the highest cube was a big red button.
“Here is the machine.”
“That’s it? Just press the button?” asked Chase.
“When it is time, you will close the door. This will isolate you and protect you from memory alteration. We have insulated this room. Then press the button. After you have pressed the button, you will have only five minutes to clear the building. We will make sure we are all outside the blast zone.”
“Okay. That’s easy. Got it.”
Friend looked at his bare, white feet. “After this, we will still remember the darkness, that you brought it and that you called us back to the light. But we will not remember the others. Please don’t tell us.”
“Your secret’s safe with me.”
Friend’s blue eyes flicked up to meet Chase’s gaze. He spoke in a quiet voice. “We also won’t remember what happened to Jones. This whole building will explode. His bones are here. We hope we will believe that he died in the explosion. The memory of his death is too…horror.” Tears streaked down the alien’s white skin.
“Don’t worry about it. I’ll make it right. I can handle this.”
Friend nodded and wiped the tears from his face. “The ship has just landed and the planned explosion was successful in taking out the critical systems. I will now leave this building and sit in the park outside. We will wait for you to press the button, to release us from this suffering.”
Chase nodded. Friend walked slowly from the room. Chase pulled the door closed with a solid thunk. He looked at his smart watch and waited five minutes until he was sure Friend had gotten far enough away.
He hesitated with his palm just above the large red button. There was no going back after this. No way to undo it. He closed his eyes. Am I doing the right thing? An unexpected and overwhelming peace flooded into his heart. He wasn’t really the one controlling the fate of these people. Have faith. Trust. Chase knew he needed to press the button. He slammed his palm down on it. There was no sign that anything had happened. He pressed the button again. And then a third time. Suddenly, it occurred to him that perhaps the aliens had not built in any type of signal to tell the operator that it had worked. With a quick intake of breath and a glance at his watch, he realized that he had less than four minutes before the building blew up, if the countdown had already started. He wrenched the heavy door open and sprinted down the very long hall towards the main area. Skidding around the corner, he made for the doors. Friend was in the park, looking at him with a confused tilt of his head. Chase pushed the door open and was flung to the ground as an explosion rocked the building behind him. He covered his head, glass and burning debris falling round him. Maybe he wouldn’t have to carry this secret after all. He braced his hands to get up and away from the building. Something heavy fell on his back. Pain exploded in his mind, followed by blackness. 
The next thing Chase knew, the pain was back. Someone was pulling him up. Weakly, he tried to push the hands away. Then he heard a voice. Someone was saying something to him. It was Friend.
“Chase! Chase! What happened? Where’s Jones?” Friend was sitting on the ground, beside him.
Chase was lying on his back now, looking up at the mauve sky. His mouth fell open as he tried to piece together what had happened. He closed his mouth firmly and looked up into Friend’s clear blue, innocent eyes. “I’m not sure…what’s the last thing you remember?”
“I…” He shook his head. “The explosion must have rocked me too. My mind is all a jumble. There seems to be gaps in my memory.”
Pro job with the memory erasure, Aliens. Not quite like Men In Black, is it? He put his hand to his head and winced. He was bleeding. 
“Where’s Jones?” Friend asked urgently. “He was with you?”
Chase nodded slowly. “Yeah, he was with me. Jones didn’t make it. He died saving my life.”
“Oh, Chase, no!” Friend’s eyes filled with tears. “You don’t mean…He’s dead? How can this be? No, no, no…”
Chase put a hand on the alien’s shoulder. “He believed in The One Who Is. He’s gone to a better place now. For us, it’s okay. When we die, we get to go be with him.”
“Truly?” The tears spilled from Friend’s eyes and coursed down his cheeks. “It is better?” He shook his head, his shoulder length white hair swaying back and forth with the motion. “How can it be? We are in pain over his loss.”
Poor Friend had to experience the loss all over again. But this was much, much better than the alternative. Chase sighed heavily. He didn’t look forward to telling Beckett and Zarah what had happened. 
“He died on our world. We are responsible.”
“No, don’t blame yourselves. I did something stupid – got myself into trouble. Jones sacrificed himself so that I could get away.”
“You forgive?” asked Friend.
“Trust me, there’s nothing to forgive. Wasn’t your fault.”
Friend blinked the tears away and dried his face by rubbing his fingertips in small circles over his skin. He stood and reached out his hand towards Chase. “Can you get up?”
Chase took the offered hand and pulled himself slowly to his feet. His back really hurt but it still worked right so he figured it was only bruised. Now the only question was, how soon could they go home?
“Forgive?” Friend repeated, looking up at him earnestly.
Chase sighed. “If there is anything to forgive, then I forgive you.”

***

And so it was that those who believed came into the light and found the way to Paradise. But those who hated the light went into eternal darkness and were forgotten. 

For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life. For God did not send his Son into the world to condemn the world, but to save the world through him. Whoever believes in him is not condemned, but whoever does not believe stands condemned already because they have not believed in the name of God’s one and only Son. This is the verdict: Light has come into the world, but people loved darkness instead of light because their deeds were evil. Everyone who does evil hates the light, and will not come into the light for fear that their deeds will be exposed. But whoever lives by the truth comes into the light.    –John 3:16-21a.


Chapter 13 – Farewell and Voyage Home

It was evening and the sun was setting, causing the sky to turn deep purple in the fading light. Everyone stood just outside of the city. They had all agreed they wanted to say goodbye here. Friend stood with the humans and the thousands of other aliens stood behind him. They all wanted to see the humans go.
Friend smiled, looked into the faces of each of the humans and then spoke. “Please, never return.”
“What?” asked Zarah, stunned.
“Your face shows sadness.” Friend put his hand on Chase’s shoulder. “Though we enjoy you all very much, we feel it is best if we never meet again. Your kind is too…horror. I can’t explain the feeling another way. But we all feel this way about you. I suppose it’s the many broadcasts we have listened to and viewed - now to know that some of them are real. And the darkness you brought…” Friend shook his head. “And also you are too frail. To learn that Jones died in an accident which we cannot remember, this troubles us greatly. Someone has died here, on our world. Ceased to be, forever. And we had to collect his bones in a bag to return them to you. We saw the inside of a creation – a creation where the breath of God had come out. This should not be! This horror must never happen on our world again. We are so sorry.”
“He died to save me. It wasn’t your fault,” said Chase. What he said was true. It had happened, just not in the way the aliens, Zarah and Beckett now understood it to have happened. Chase sighed under the weight of his knowledge.
Friend squeezed Chase’s shoulder. “We are glad that you do not hold us responsible for what has happened. But we are unwilling to risk this happening again. Do not return. We wish no further contact with your kind. And we will make sure that you comply. Even now, we are working on an advanced technology to protect our planet, to ensure the humankind never comes here again.”
“I understand,” said Chase.
“I don’t!” Zarah flung her arms around the shorter, white alien, knocking Chase out of the way. “I’m sorry we brought the darkness here. But it’s gone now. We’ve had such a beautiful time here. And you’ve all learned so much – and so have we! I can’t believe that we’re never going to see you again or even hear from you!” She squeezed him tightly and the alien mimicked her movements. When they parted, tears streamed down her face but Friend was grinning.
“We so enjoy your Earth customs. These we will enjoy and practice forever. We will remember you.”
Beckett stuck out his hand towards Friend. They shook hands solemnly. “I think I understand your decision. Our world has not known peace since Adam and Eve sinned. But, on your world, you must have peace, for your sanity’s sake. And, wherever we go, we bring conflict with us, inside us.”
“Yes, it is true, we have felt much disunity since you arrived, even since we began to listen to your broadcasts. Those too we will turn off. We have heard and seen enough of the humankind.” Friend’s eyes filled with tears. “But I will miss you, Beckett.” He hugged the lanky man who towered over him, wrapping his arms around his middle. “I will miss you all.” He let go of Beckett and rushed the few steps to Chase and hugged him tightly.
“Guess it would have been better if we had never come,” said Chase.
“No,” came a chorus of alien voices including Friend’s. “We are glad you have come,” said Friend. “You brought us the book of Truth. Now we can know The One Who Is even better. We will study this book and pray. It is good that you have come. Never question it, Chase. We are glad.” Chase patted the alien’s back and released him.
Zarah, tears still streaming down her cheeks, hugged Friend again. “I don’t know why, but I always pictured you coming to my wedding.”
Friend laughed. “I would have liked that. But we do not have to be sad. For we shall see each other again. We wait for the day when The One Who Is will come to set all things right.” 
When they parted, Zarah wiped her face with her hands. There was nothing else to be said. At least these people were no threat to Earth. And, with the new defenses they were erecting, they would be safe. Friend backed away from the humans to rejoin his kind. Zarah waved. “Goodbye, Friend.” 
All the aliens waved and intoned together, “Goodbye.”
Brilliant white light flashed all around them. Hot. Too hot! The humans cried out. But then they were back aboard the Crave. It was time to go home.
“Should we text Earth about Jones?” asked Chase.
Zarah shook her head. “No. The faster-than-light text file would only travel at the same speed as we do. I’ll include what happened to Jones in my formal report and send that down when we make orbit around Earth.”
Chase nodded as sorrow swelled in his heart. Though he knew he was forgiven, he couldn’t forget the memory of Jones’ last moments. And all those aliens who had chosen darkness…It was a heavy burden to carry.
The ship wasn’t in any better condition; in fact, the systems had deteriorated somewhat during their long absence. Beckett stood looking behind one of the panels in the narrow corridor that connected all the living areas of the ship. They couldn’t leave until some of these components were repaired and checked. He wondered how long they had been gone from the ship and then he wondered why that information wasn’t immediately in his mind when he thought about it. Strange. He looked at his smart watch and tapped in the calculation. They had been on the planet for almost ten months! Beckett looked at the calculation on his smart watch again. Had it really been ten months? Why had they stayed so long? Though he remembered much of his time there, it didn’t really seem ten months worth. Zarah brushed up against him in the narrow passageway. 
“What are you thinking about? You look far away.”
“I’m thinking about the planet.”
“Yes, it was so lovely there. It was like paradise. Too bad we’re not married yet. It could have been like a honeymoon for us.”
Beckett blushed and wanted to reach for her and close the space between them. But he didn’t. They weren’t married yet. “I liked it when you taught me how to swim.” He smiled and leaned closer to her.
“I’ll bet you did. I liked that too.”
“Can’t get back to Earth fast enough.”
“Better get to those repairs then, and stop the day dreaming.”
“Right.” He sighed as she walked away. Right. Repairs. The planet was behind them now. Earth and a life together was their future. And he wanted to get to it.
When all the system checks cleared, Crave left the orbit of the nameless planet. The humans felt weird not radioing to say goodbye. But they’d already said all there was to say. 
The aliens detected when the human ship left orbit. They cherished the book of Truth the humans had brought. And now they rejoiced that the humans were gone, forever. Celebrations in their city lasted for many days. They were one and had peace once more. 
Beckett was kept busy on the journey home. Components broke and systems malfunctioned. The ship was never meant for such a journey, such a long time in space without a complete overhaul. He worked twelve to fourteen hours a day just to keep it together. Zarah and Chase worked on repairs too, under his direction. It was too much for one person to do. Beckett felt like he was holding the ship together with tape and string. Halfway home, he started to wonder if they were actually going to be able to make it. Then, when they were only two weeks away, Beckett felt hopeful again. The critical systems appeared stable. It looked like landing the ship would be the last hurtle to overcome.
The three of them sat together in the dining area during their only break that coincided. They usually had someone watching over the control deck. But they had decided that they should all be together at least once a day for sanity’s sake. 
“I’m missing those fruits from Paradise,” said Chase. They had taken to calling the planet Paradise as the aliens provided no English word for the place.
“Surprisingly, so am I,” said Zarah. “I thought I wouldn’t – they were so sticky and sweet. Luckily, Beckett collected some of the seeds. Hopefully, the powers-that-be back home will grow some of the fruit for market and not just keep it all for study.”
“Bet we’ll never see fruit like that again,” said Chase.
“I think you’re right,” Beckett agreed. “It might not even grow on Earth.”
The ship’s red alert blared to life. Beckett shot to standing at the sound of the repeating chime. He checked his smart watch, which was tied into the ship’s systems. “No.”
“What?” Zarah stood too.
“We have a containment failure of the nuclear waste.”
“What does that mean for us?” asked Zarah.
“Is the ship going to blow?” Chase’s question came on top of the captain’s.
“No, but lethal contamination levels will occur in less than three minutes.” Beckett moved from the table and ran from the room towards the spacesuits that were stored near the back hatch.
Zarah followed him. “Where’s the leak?”
“Look at your watch! There’s a leak inside the Carbon Dioxide scrubbers. Chase, get the welding torch. Zarah, help me get into the suit.”
Chase veered away to a storage closet while Zarah sprinted down the hall towards the back of the ship with Beckett.
Beckett pulled the spacesuit out. It was the only thing that could save him from the radiation while he fixed the leak. He heaved it up into his arms. It was bulky and awkward to manage in the small space. Beckett dropped the suit as realization hit him. He wouldn’t be able to fit inside the CO2 scrubber tubing with it on. It would be a tight fit, even without the suit.
“It’s no good,” he said. “I have to get to the scrubbers.” He pushed his way past Zarah and sprinted back up the hall. At the door labeled, Oxygen Reclamation Center, he made a sharp right. The room was little more than a large closet. He prayed Chase would have brought the tools he needed. He looked at his watch. There was less than one minute left. He skidded to a stop when he reached the large, clear plastic tube in the center of the room. Chase was already inside. 
Beckett banged on the tube. “What are you doing?” Anger and panic warred inside him.
Chase turned off the tool he’d been using on the floor of the tube and stood up. “Already fixed, Boss. Check it.” Chase tapped his own smart watch, indicating Beckett should check his. Sure enough the leak had been repaired. “You taught me well.”
“You don’t have a suit on,” said Zarah, tears burning in her eyes.
“No. I knew a space suit wouldn’t fit in here. Too narrow. You know it’s true, Beckett. You must have come to the same conclusion. That’s why you’re back here without one.”
“But…” Zarah swallowed to try to clear the lump of sorrow in her throat. “That’s too much radiation.”
Chase’s brown eyes met hers and he shrugged. “I know. But someone had to do it, right?”
Chase stood in the narrow, now sealed tube. He placed his hands against the walls on either side of him, palms resting on the clear plastic that surrounded him, to brace himself standing. His breathing started to come in gasps. “Pretty hot in here.” His breathing rasped in and out slowly. “Luckily, I’ve always liked tropical.” He tried to laugh but it ended in a coughing fit.
“No, no, Chase!” Beckett pounded on the clear plastic. “You shouldn’t have done it! I’m responsible for fixing the ship.”
“You know whoever fixed it was going to die.” Chase’s head hung down. He felt like there was lead in it now. He was so tired.
“But it was my responsibility! I needed to take care of you all. Needed to make sure you got back in one piece.”
“So, I’m letting you do your job. Now you’ll be around to make sure she gets home safe.” Chase looked up at Zarah and smiled weakly. “You promised her you’d look after her the rest of her life. I’m letting you keep that promise.”
Tears were rolling down Zarah’s face. “Chase…” A strangled cry came from the captain but nothing further. It was too late for him now. He’d already taken a lethal dose of radiation. She put her hand over where his palm pressed on the clear plastic, as tears rolled down her face. 
“Did you do it because you feel that you have to make up for what you did, because of your family?” asked Beckett quietly. “Because you didn’t have to do that.”
Their eyes met. There were tears in Beckett’s deep brown eyes. But Chase’s brown eyes were clear. 
“No. I know I’m forgiven … absolved in the eyes of God…” He bent over, in pain, his hands on the clear plastic holding him upright. Then he whispered, “But you have more to live for.” 
Beckett pounded the tube again but with less force. “But God can redeem your life. He can redeem everything. I know it! I…” His voice dropped to a whisper, “I didn’t think you would have to die.”
Chase looked up at him. “It’s okay. ‘A greater love has no man than this, that he lays down his life for his friends.’ That’s what you told me about Jones, right? That’s what the Bible says.” His head dropped down again.
“That’s right but…” Beckett trailed off, looking helplessly at Chase’s hunched-over figure. 
Chase stood up straight and turned to face Beckett. “You know what waits for me on Earth. I will have to confess what I did. My family died because I was driving drunk. I face shame and prison.” Tears flowed down his face then. “And you don’t even know all that I have done,” he said quietly. “Though I know I am forgiven, it still causes me pain and sadness. For me, to go home to peace is much better. Beckett…” Chase patted the glass with his hand. Beckett put his hand over the place where Chase’s hand rested on the clear plastic. His voice was barely audible now. “By letting me save you through my death, God is granting me a great mercy. Dying a hero’s death for you, I go to be with The One Who Is. I will see my family and I will never feel sadness or pain, ever again. A great mercy…” He fell unconscious and slumped down in the tube, his hand slipping away.
“Chase! Chase!” cried Beckett. But Chase didn’t open his eyes again. Willard Chase was gone, released from the darkness that has come to this creation into eternal, glorious light.
Chapter 14 – Light It Up

The Crave came to a stop on the runway. Beckett grinned at Zarah. “We’re home.”
“I want to see it. Before we get pulled into days of meetings, I need to see Valor.” She returned his smile and walked to the main hatch. “Come on, let’s go.” The handle groaned and then the hatch opened with a hiss of equalizing air pressure. Attendants had pushed stairs up to the hatchway. They stood by to attend to the ship once they had debarked. Zarah led the way down to the tarmac. But instead of walking towards the building, she walked towards the bluff overlooking the city. Beckett followed her. They both relished the wind on their faces after so many months of breathing still, stale air on the ship.
They stopped near the lone tree that overlooked the city of Valor. It was just after sunrise. The few wispy clouds in the sky were tinged with pink and the golden orb of the sun was just visible over the skyscrapers. Home. The green of spring and summer had come and gone twice in their absence. The tree nearby seemed dead and even the city far below seemed devoid of life, save for the constant rising smoke. Zarah and Beckett still wore their protective uniforms, even their gloves. Beckett reached across the small space that separated them and took her hand. She looked at him. Soon they would be married. But could they find happily-ever-after in this place, after the paradise they had left?
He smiled at her and squeezed her hand. She smiled too and then looked out over the city. There was still beauty here if one cared to look for it. And now she had found the way to paradise – to believe and to walk in the light. Beckett had showed her the way. And whatever happened, they would have the peace that comes from knowing The One Who Is. 
“Do you want to go to the fair?” asked Beckett.
Zarah grinned. “And we could ride on a rollercoaster?” Through the smoke, she could just make out the giant Ferris wheel of the Valor Fair in the distance. 
“You bet. And we can eat all the greasy, over-priced food we want, on me. In fact, anything you want at the fair, I’ll buy for you.”
Zarah laughed. “Greasy food sounds great. Guess we’d better get changed first. And have a shower. And, well, I suppose we’ll have to suffer through a long debriefing. But after that - I’m so ready for some fun.”
“I’m ready for some fun too!” Beckett laughed. He pulled her into a fast embrace, lifted her and spun her around. As he set her down, he said “Calista Zarah, I love you!”
“I love you, too.” She pulled off her gloves and reached up to touch his face. With her tentative fingertips, she stroked from his sideburn down the side of his cheek to his jaw. His brown eyes were locked on her mouth. Smiling, she put both of her hands lightly on the sides of his neck. The touch of his skin was exhilarating. Soon he would be hers. She pushed her fingers up into his hair as she rose up on her tiptoes. Interlacing her fingers behind his head, she pulled him towards herself. A deep warmth stirred inside her as their lips touched.
Beckett leaned down into the kiss. He wrapped his arms tightly around her, pulling her to himself. He stroked his hand slowly down her back as they lingered in that kiss. Her nearness and affection satisfied something in him and yet stirred a different hunger. He needed her. They needed each other.

***

The director, Wicksen, met them as they entered the building. “What took so long?” he demanded.
“The mission or getting from the ship?” Zarah asked.
“Both! Where are Chase and Jones?”
 “Jones and Chase…” she looked down as they proceeded into the building. “They didn’t make it, Sir. It’s in my report. I sent the report when we reached orbit this morning.”
“Very sorry to hear we lost them. To be honest, we thought we had lost all of you. When we heard your request to land the Crave this morning – you should have heard the cheer that went up in the control room. We thought the Crave was lost for good. Did you make contact with the aliens?”
“Yes, we did,” said Zarah. “You will find all the details in my report.”
 “I will have that sent to me immediately. But tell me,” the director’s voice dropped to almost a whisper, “are the aliens a threat, Zarah?”
“No.” Zarah looked at Beckett. “They are intelligent and technologically advanced. But they don’t want any more to do with us. We deployed the darkness. And they were very disturbed by Jones’ death and by our broadcasts. They are building defenses around their planet to make sure we don’t return. From us they learned the meaning of the word ‘horror’.” Zarah decided to omit the part about them also learning the meaning of the word death. Wicksen didn’t need to know that they lived forever.
He nodded. “I have to tell you, I’m relieved. This mission will be classified. The general population will never know they are out there. Understood?”
“Understood,” said Zarah and Beckett in unison.
“There’ll be the usual paperwork, of course. But, for now, the two of you need to head to decontamination. If that checks out, then report to the station doctor. After that, we’ll have a full debriefing.”

***

It had taken three and a half weeks to finish the debriefing meetings, during which time they had been confined to base. But the mission was now completely in the past. Finally they were free. Who knew what the future might hold for them? 
It was mid-afternoon in the city of Valor. They were in Zarah’s old-style, authentic jeep. The open-top thing was an antique but she kept it in running condition. The wind blew over the windshield, tussling their hair and coating them both with dust. She smiled over at him and Beckett couldn’t help but smile back, even though he wished she’d keep her eyes on the road. He wasn’t used to riding in such antiquated machinery. She turned a sharp corner into the parking lot of the Valor Fair. The vehicle turned sharply again as they pulled into a parking spot and then stopped abruptly. 
 “Let’s go!” She jumped out of the vehicle and slammed the door behind her, not bothering to lock it. Beckett scrambled out the passenger side and hustled to catch up. He took her hand as he fell into step with her. He paid the man at the gate. Few people could afford to go to the fair these days so they had the place practically to themselves. 
“To the roller-coaster?” she asked.
Beckett looked at the colorful coaster glinting in Earth’s yellow sunlight. He smiled and met her gaze. “I love roller-coasters.” 
Zarah grinned and tugged him towards the shiny metal tracks. Letting go of his hand, she took the steps up to the platform two at a time. Beckett followed more slowly, looking up at the sign above the coaster. In gleaming metal, ringed with hundreds of bulbs that burned brightly even now, during the day, was the name of the ride, LIGHT IT UP! He pondered the unexpected words for a moment. They had let the light into their own lives. Maybe they could help others do the same. Beckett smiled as he ran the last steps to catch up to Zarah. The ride operator let them choose any seat and Zarah led Beckett to the front car. The bar locked them in and the roller-coaster began its slow assent, higher and higher.
Zarah gripped the bar with one hand and her other hand rested on Beckett’s knee. “Today the fair and tomorrow we get married. What do you say, James?”
“Sounds fantastic! I need you. I’m ready to start this life with you, Calista.”
When they had almost reached the top, Zarah turned to him and grinned. “Calista Beckett. That has a nice ring to it. And maybe the day after that, we can try swimming with the dolphins, now that you know how to swim.
Beckett opened his mouth to reply just as the front car tipped over the peak. The coaster screamed down the track. The sound of the wind rushing past them didn’t drown out Zarah’s happy laughter. Excitement welled up inside him. He had everything he needed.

***

So they lived, not happily-ever-after like in the movies, but walking in the light together, helping others to come out of the darkness, and waiting for the day when Jesus will come back and set all things right.



About the Author

I live in Steinbach, Manitoba, Canada with my husband and two young daughters. We’re homeschoolers and entrepreneurs. My husband and I make iOS apps and I write stories. Being a writer is magical - spinning nothing into stories - stories that can light the way to a different world.
I write stories that I love. If you loved this story too, please leave a review wherever you bought this book. Thanks for reading!
You can connect with me on Twitter, Facebook or my blog.



Other Books by Celesta Thiessen

Surviving the Apocalypse in Steinbach, MB
June Westcott has her life planned out. Graduate high school, get married and become a successful author. She feels that she’s going to be able to live the dream. Her books are actually starting to sell and she’s dating Caleb, the best guy ever. There’s just one problem. It looks like it might be the end of the world.
A Christian science fiction adventure that takes place in the near future, Surviving the Apocalypse in Steinbach, MB, is unique among Christian fiction novels. This story, based on the theme of hearing God, is set in motion by a continent-wide apocalyptic event and propelled towards a dramatic conclusion as June and Caleb listen to God and learn to follow His leading.

Dragon Warrior and the Princess
He’s a volatile, genetically-engineered slave, longing for peace. She’s a spoiled princess who wants to reclaim the throne and save the world. He must help her.
Princess Aurelia is left for dead on the frozen planet of Quisquiliae. There she meets a dragon warrior…the last of his kind. The Dragon Warrior, who had also been left for dead, thought war and servitude were behind him. But his short-lived peace is shattered when the fiery young woman revives and starts telling him what to do. He submits himself to her, as is his duty as a slave to the royal family but, deep down, he blames her for everything he is and all he has been forced to commit. After the Dragon Warrior saves Aurelia’s life, the princess is duty-bound to return the favor. Her course of action shocks the Dragon Warrior as he tries to come to terms with his true nature and identity. 
The Dragon Warrior and the princess walk the path of honor together but it will take a confrontation with space pirates, a supply run for weapons, a star ship battle, a ground skirmish, a rescue mission and, ultimately, an encounter with evil itself before they find out where this journey will end.
An edge-of-your-seat science fiction adventure filled with innocent, romantic longing, The Dragon Warrior and the Princess breaks from the typical military space opera mold. Shaped by the theme of mercy verses justice, where shades of grey polarize and resolve into right and wrong, The Dragon Warrior and the Princess displays the power of good working through its heroes to give the world hope and a future.

The Coder & The Fixer
Two 700-year-old spaceships, a Jesus-follower, and a killer all need help to survive.
Nidal is the coder on the Faithful. He's brilliant, ruthless and faithless. For him, it was join the Brotherhood or watch his mother die. Now, as part of the Brotherhood, he has taken down ship after ship. The flagship, carrying the president, is their last target.
Azalea is the fixer on the flagship, Reliance. Her creative genius and her faith have kept them operational and one step ahead of the Brotherhood. But, when the Brotherhood hijacks the ship, Azalea must bind herself to the foreign coder in order to save all that remains of humankind.


The Coder & The Fixer
Chapter 1 - Azalea
November 1, 3920

Azalea Sterling squinted her brown eyes in concentration and wiped her forehead on her sleeve. Her movements were limited by the cramped space and further hampered by the fact that there was almost no gravity this close to the center of the ship. It was hot too. But someone has to keep this ship going. 
One of the wastewater pipes needed sealing. That’s why she and Linx were jammed into this access tube. She cut away foam insulation from around the pipe so she could get at the leak. Thankfully, it was just gray water so the smell wasn’t too bad, a slightly earthy scent like the leaves decomposing on the floor of the arboretum. A strand of her light brown hair floated in front of her face. She pulled it back into her ponytail. 
Linx, the lead coder, waited just behind her in the tight space of the maintenance shaft. Pipes and wire conduits lined the rounded walls. Linx was quiet, which was out of character for him, but welcome for the moment, as she needed to concentrate. 
Azalea was the lead fixer. Ultimately, she was responsible for the lives of the 1017 people on board. It was a heavy responsibility for someone who was only twenty-two. She wiped her face again, pulled a smaller pair of shears from her belt and continued to cut away the wet foam insulation. 
The excessive heat made her think of the cool, clear water in the ship’s pool. She promised herself that she’d go swimming in the recreation area, when she got off shift today. But she’d wait until nine so most of the children would have gone to bed. She liked children, but in controlled doses. Maybe she’d invite Linx along. Nah, they weren’t kids anymore. And things had gotten a little awkward between them. A silver cross floated up into her vision. It was her necklace. She grabbed the pendant and tucked it down under her shirt, out of the way.
She often used nano tech for fixes like this. That’s why Linx was here. Linx had programmed the nanos to do the task of applying the sealant to the hard-to-reach area on the backside of the pipe. The eight-legged nanos, tiny robots each about the size of a grain of rice, were one of the best things that their ancestors had taken from earth 700 years ago. Without the nanos, Azalea was pretty sure that the ship would have been space debris by now. 
The sealer they were going to use was one of her own improvisations. She had designed this sealant, years ago, from the Hevea brasiliensis tree growing in the tropical arboretum. It was one of her many inventions and improvements that had propelled her to the position of lead fixer. Azalea pulled back and surveyed her handiwork. The pipes were now exposed, ready for the sealant. 
“Okay, it’s ready for the nanos.” 
Linx handed her the metal canister. “Here, just open this to release the nanos and we’ll be good. But you know that. I still don’t understand why I had to come down here with you.” 
She turned to take the container from him. Linx had darker skin than most of those aboard the Reliance. He was skinny, had a fuzzy brown Afro and he was currently sporting a wild look. But he was kind of a crazy coder dude, so it suited him.
“Stop complaining. At least I didn’t send you down here alone. Last time I brought your nanos down here, they erased themselves and proved worthless. I had to spend twenty minutes plucking their useless metal husks out of crevices.”
“You know you couldn’t send me down here alone. No one can find their way around the maintenance area except you.” He glanced about furtively as if he thought something else could be down there with them. The inner area of the ship always freaked him out a little.
“Maybe I just wanted your company.” She smiled at him but then regretted the words as he smiled back, the tension fading from his face. She sighed. It was nice to see him smile but she shouldn’t send him mixed signals, especially since he’d been flirting with her more lately. “I enjoy your company as a friend,” she clarified, trying to smile in a friendly way. Why do people relationships have to be so complicated? Fixing the ship was easy compared to dealing with people.
He smiled tightly but said nothing. She felt a little sick at hurting his feelings like that but tried to put it out of her mind as she turned back to select the best spot to dump the nanos. 
A loud chime rang out.
“What’s that?” asked Linx.
The chime sounded again. “Trouble. That’s an alarm. Back up! We need to get to the junction interface to see why the alarm is sounding.”
“Back up?”
“Yes, unless you can turn around in this shaft?”
“No.”
“Scoot back, quick!” 
Linx awkwardly pushed himself backwards in the low grav. Thankfully, they were only a few lengths away from the control panel where a red light was flashing and the alarm was sounding from a speaker there. When they reached it, Azalea tapped deftly at the screen, bringing up the cause for the alarm. 
“It’s at the other end of the ship, at the core.” She gasped. “The nuclear reactor! Quick, we need to get out of this access tube into one of the maintenance corridors.” She scooted away from him, pushing along the walls to help move herself forwards. Linx’s scuffling became more distant. He was falling behind but she couldn’t stop. She could come back for him later if he didn’t find his way out. 
It was her worst nightmare. They couldn’t lose the reactor! She reached the round, heavy, metal access hatch and flung it open. Leaning back, she shouted to Linx, “Close this hatch when you get out!” Then she took off, propelling herself down the corridor in the low gravity. She executed each stride so that her bound would carry her forward rather than straight up towards the ceiling. She heard the hatch bang behind her. Linx must be catching up. One less thing to worry about. She turned her mind to the problem of the reactor.
When she reached the nuclear reactor, right in the center of the ship, she was weightless. Holding onto a railing, she stopped and stared at the display panel. Horror froze her in place. It was too late. The reactor had already gone critical! It had to be ejected in less than four minutes or the explosion would destroy the ship. But if the reactor were ejected, they would die. It was her worst fear come true, exactly what she had warned Dietrich and Camden about.
Linx careened to a stop just behind her. “What is it?”
“The reactor’s gone critical! It’s going to blow. There’s no way to stop the reaction.”
“Can’t you eject it?” He put a hand on her forearm.
She turned to look at him. “Linx, you know this is our last reactor. If we eject it, our ship will die. If the lights go out, the plants will die. We’ll run out of oxygen. But we’ll probably freeze to death first.” Adrenaline surged through her body but fight or flight wasn’t going to help her now.
The whites of Linx’s eyes stood out against his dark skin. “What are you going to do?”
“There’s nothing I can do! There’s no way I’m ejecting this reactor. We need it!” Anger and fear pounded in her heart. She bowed her head and closed her eyes to calm herself. Then she reached out to God in prayer. Slowly, a feeling of hope flooded her being. She opened her eyes, took a deep breath and smiled. God was going to do something. She could feel it. “Everything is not lost. God can save us. He can do miracles.” She put her hand against the control panel where she should be frantically tapping to eject the reactor. But instead, she just rested her palm there. 
“What are you doing?” he asked, panic making his voice crack.
“Shh…close your eyes and pray with me…God, you hold all things in your hands. You see the situation we’re in now. This isn’t a surprise to you. Nothing is. There are very few left of the human race, just us and the rebels. You know that not everyone aboard is following you. So, if they die now, they won’t come to heaven.” She cried out to God with everything she had, pouring out her heart to him. “And… I just didn’t see us ending this way. Please, Lord…Please give us more time. Please fix what has broken inside the reactor because there’s nothing I can do for it. But I know that you can.” She continued to hold her hand on the panel as tears rolled down her cheeks. “God, please save us.”
“It stopped. The alarm stopped ringing,” said Linx.
Azalea opened her eyes and looked up at him. He was right! Silence now surrounded them. She grinned. “That’s a good sign.” She tapped on the console to check the various systems and components. 
“Wait… it worked!? What?! Just praying actually worked?!” asked Linx.
“Of course it did. I thought you were a believer, a Christian?”
“Well, I am… I mean, Jesus has had my allegiance ever since I was young. You know that. But I’ve never…seen…a miracle before. That was a real miracle, wasn’t it?”
Azalea tapped at the screen, checking on the current status of the reactor. “Must have been. And that’s not the first time either. When I can’t fix something, I ask for help. Jesus always answers. Don’t you remember what Jesus said?” Linx didn’t say anything, and Azalea was distracted by what she was seeing on the panel. She navigated to a different screen to try to make sense of it as she recited a Bible verse by memory: whatever you will ask in my name, that will I do, that the Father may be glorified in the Son… Oh!!”
“What?” Linx crowded in to see what she was looking at on the display.
“The reactor, according to these readings… it’s…”
“It’s what?” he practically shouted, leaning over her shoulder to see.
“It’s like new. It’s like a new reactor! I haven’t seen numbers this good, not even when I was just an apprentice, over ten years ago! Nothing even close.” She turned to look at him, her eyes wide with amazement. 
“It’s a miracle!” shouted Linx.
Azalea threw her arms around him in joy. “It’s like the Bible says: he is able to do exceedingly abundantly above all that we ask or think!” 
Linx squeezed her tightly as he lifted her up and then set her down. 
She pulled away from him, too overjoyed to feel awkward about their embrace. “Let’s thank God for saving us!” She closed her eyes and squeezed her hands together. “Thank you, God. Thank you so much for saving us! Thank you for giving us more time.”
As they made their way back to the leaking pipe in the low gravity, Linx talked almost the entire way, recounting the different stories he had heard about her, which previously he hadn’t believed.
“You’re like a legend around here! But, of course, to me, you’re just Azalea, the girl I grew up with, but, to some people, it’s like you’re a savior or something. Some people say that you have, like, a super power for fixing things.”
Azalea laughed. “I do have a knack for it. But, beyond that, the only supernatural force at work is God. He’s holding this ship together, saving a remnant of humankind.”
They crawled back into the maintenance shaft and back to the leaking pipe. Linx released the nanos and the two of them waited for the tiny robots to do their work. When the repair was complete, the nanos returned to their metal container. 
Linx tapped on the interface. “Good. They’re all accounted for. Let’s get out of here.”
Azalea led Linx out of the maintenance corridors to an area of the ship he would recognize. As they came closer to the outer area of the ship, gravity increased. She flipped open a hatch which came out on a ledge overlooking the cafeteria. There was a ladder there, leading down. “You’re okay from here?” she asked.
He looked down. “Yeah. Got it.” He looked back up into her face. You couldn’t bring me out any closer to the programming wing, could you?”
“I could, but it would involve about eleven minutes of crawling through the ductwork and it’s in the opposite direction than I need to go. I’m teaching this afternoon.”
“Okay, no problem then. Tight spaces aren’t exactly my thing, anyway. I don’t know. Maybe I’m a bit of a coward or something. Panic too easy.” He laughed nervously.
Azalea punched his arm lightly. “You did great today.”
He smiled. “Thanks. And you did awesome, as usual.”
She shrugged and smiled. “Gotta go. I’ve got a class to teach.” She stepped back into the maintenance corridor and banged the hatch closed, blocking her view of Linx, who was standing there, still looking at her. She liked him. He was a good friend.

Download THE CODER & THE FIXER at your favorite ebook retailer.


 
