“The Skies of cMaj:  Volume 2 of ‘Vestige.’ ” by Scifiguy3553 nochehombre @ yahoo.com ; Smashwords version.  Copyright @ 2021.

Twenty years after Councilor Tyra Housenn Thuall Sohill’s tenure, all is not well among the humans!  The colonial Tribe has broken up into three separate Clans.  Now, Tyra’s daughter, Miriana, has taken up the mantel of Councilor!
Things are very much different with Miriana’s generation.  For humans are in a political competition to build flying air machines.  But they are not the only ones endeavoring to dominate the skies of cMaj!

CHAPTER One
“—they did what?!” Councilor Miriana Housenn Thuall exclaimed over her refurbished comm.  Long-gone were the cerebral-comm days of the original Vestige society of that once immense colony of well-over two million citizens.  The last generation was of her late-mother’s, Tyra Housenn Sohill, some 70 years ago…when the generational starship’s synthetic humanoids rebelled against the humans and bombed the 20-mile-long ship with just a few scouting ships!  It was the remnant nuclear fuel within the ancient sector of the generational ship that had done the Colony in.  If it weren’t for the relatively small amount of nuclear substance in the original section of Vestige, the descendants of the starship believe the planet, cMaj, would have had a human population closer to three million at that time instead of the mere-approximate 250 humans…on the entire planet!
“It is correct what you heard, Councilor Housenn Thuall,” Fuegon, the young spy, said.  His young face was zip-cast on the Councilor’s hand-held communicator, which utilized cMaj’s sand for photovoltaic glass and nearly rivaled the technology of original Vestige—just without the holographic projections.  “The Dominionists Clan was successful in reaching the other side of the planet, ma’am!  And Janneca was able to confirm it!”
Councilor Housenn Thuall’s head snapped to the side, apparently needing time to think of the implications of one of the rival Clans making such an historic feat on cMaj!  Not since the starship’s bombing some 70 years prior had any human survivor taken flight!  Not that the surviving humans on cMaj did not know how to fly—that is, with engineered craft.  Indeed, the Three-Clans society of homo sapiens were not “primitive,” they were marooned.  The trick was for the humans to either venture several hundreds of miles away to the crash-site of the old Ship and risk nuclear exposure from the Ship’s ruins.  Or take possibly a hundred years for the tiny population to re-gain the ability to fly; like their ancient ancestors had done, back in the Sol system, on Earth—thousands of years ago!
Councilor Thuall’s grandchildren were over at her mastaba-hut for the day and were running around outside and trampolining all over her garden!  It was the hut Miriana Housenn Thuall had inherited after her mother—the first Councilor of Vestige 2 settlement, Tyra Housenn Sohill—had died.  That was about 13 years ago.  Right after her mother’s death, the now-dissolved Tribe of Vestige 2 had voted for her eldest child, Miriana, to take her vacant, governing position.  Sadly, a few years after that, the Tribe broke up between the natural, cultural fault lines of the three original Clans from the early days after the bombing of Vestige…
So, in addition to worrying about the three, rogue surviving synthetic humanoids having recently achieved flight with remnant-parts from the old ship of Vestige, now the Vestige Clan had to compete against the Dominionists Clan for flight—and based on the new reporting, the Dominionists had beaten the Vestige Clan!  The one certain thing that the aging clan Councilor could count on was not worrying about the cMaj Clan achieving flight.  For their culture and code of ethics grounded them with the lifestyle of mostly using natural materials within that clan’s natural surroundings.
“Councilor,” young-Fuegon prompted Miriana over the static-prone transmission of her reconstructed comm-device.  Apparently, she had gotten lost in her thoughts.
“Let’s be honest, Fuegon; we’ve all known the synths would reach flight at some point, given their advanced abilities compared to us-humans—”
“—Well, they can’t really be all that smart; they’re slowly debilitating, Councilor.  Partially because they were stupid enough to fool with all that irradiated materials at the crash-site!”
“True!  But the synths are the ones with more influence on this planet than all of us humans, now!  Look at us, Fuegon; humans can’t even agree to come together to construct an edifice-of-common during holidays; did you really think any of the Clans stand a chance against the synths?  Don’t worry, child, the Dominionists may have reached the other side of cMaj, but it’s a fool’s pursuit without a viable plan for colonizing over there!”
The young man’s face gave a bit of a scoffing look over the comm.  “Councilor, with respect, ma’am, you sound resigned to being beaten by the synths and now the Dominionists!” 
There was a jab of irritation within the Councilor.  She walked several yards away from her frolicking grandchildren in the garden.  “Fuegon, just say what’s on your –“
“—It’s on most of our Clan members’ minds, Councilor Housenn Thuall…we cannot afford to take it for granted that cMaj is such a large planet that there is plenty of room for all three Clans and the synths!  Most clan members are telling me they want a more robust plan from you, ma’am.”
“What, you mean like a plan to over-run the Dominionists and the cMaj Clans and then we all become one, big happy Tribe like in the old days of my mother?  And then we march hundreds of miles to Vestige’s crash-site and start cobbling some kind of vehicle that can fly us all over the planet?  While in the meantime, we would begin to get mysterious ailments from the radiation…  
“Fuegon, did you think I was joking when I said we, humans, cannot even agree to build a facility for a common use amongst humans!  There is no way in stars we’ll be able to do this fantasy you and some of your friends in our Clan want us to do!”
The young man’s face morphed into a steely look.  “May I suggest the Councilor also not take for granted her position…there is nothing to say in our Clan’s charter that the position of Councilor is necessarily inherited.”
Councilor Housenn Thuall flinched, as if doused by cold water!  “Young man, are you threatening me?”
“Of course not, Councilor…you have my honor as being the torch-bearer of our first Councilor.  I’ll report when I have more news…good day, Councilor.”
Miriana did not even bother to respond.  She stowed the comm-device into one of her body-wrap’s pockets and went back to be with her grandchildren playing in her garden, smoke coming from the hut’s chimney given it had been cool weather the past week.
CHAPTER Two
Filleppe Natsome Thuall, Councilor Miriana Housenn Thuall’s common law husband, was the son of the geologist that was on the scouting party with the Councilor’s mother, Tyra.  Geologist-Natsome died a few years before Councilor Tyra Housenn Sohill.  The Thuall came from the geologist’s surviving widow, Lanay Thuall, whom was the pilot of the scouting ship that brought the six original Vestige scouting crew.  And, hence, the vestige of humanity.  Lanay Thuall, in her nineties in the days of Councilor Miriana Housenn Thuall, was alive and well, though she did not get around too often.  She was the last of the original Vestige colonists.
In the days of the old colony of the starship Vestige, common law marriages or relationships of the spouses or partners were flexible about adopting family names upon the union of each respective relationships.  Lanay’s late-husband, Geologist-Fillip Natsome, had spearheaded the scouting of the plateaus some 20 years ago, with his own family and they had all discovered what became known as Lake Thuall.  Known among the humans for the shoreline’s “sentient-sand,” though there still were unknown factors of whether or not the living sand naturally evolved or was placed there by a previous, advanced civilization that was nowhere to be seen on cMaj!  
For several years it was a source of contention within the former Tribe, and it was because of the mere naming of the lake after one Clan that had contributed to the breakup of the Tribe.  
The other main reason for the dissolvement of the original Tribe was the rejection of a peace deal between the humans and the synthetic laborer humanoids that were left on cMaj after the Synthetic Rebellion on Vestige.  It was a gamble by Councilor Tyra Housenn Sohill, herself, and one that she had lost.  For the memory of the remaining other original Vestige colonists of the bombing of their planet-ship by rogue synthetics was simply, still, too strong.  After all, nearly two and a half million humans had perished that night.  Plus, not every computerable humanoid agreed with the Rebellion!  So, there were likely hundreds of thousands of them that, also, were obliterated in the bombing via the scouting teams’ four ships—stollen by the synthetics that were part of the scouting mission on cMaj and the planet’s three moons.  The scouting vehicles were converted into missiles via the hands of synthetics from the scouting crews and the antiquated nuclear fuel left over were the ingredients for the end of a noble mission of Vestige…at first, unknown to the Ship’s citizens and crew that its mission was to preserve the homo sapiens species.  Due to some solar system-wide war an eon ago in Mother Earth’s local star system, as was discovered by a young Tyra Housenn and her late-portable device.
The cMaj Clan, the smallest clan in terms of population, was formed as a result of the old Tribe’s vote against the peace deal with the synthetics.  In terms of temperament and philosophy, the small group of humans within the former Tribe were from all three cultural clans, which would eventually lead to the Vestige Clan, the Dominionists Clan, and the first-formed cMaj Clan…cMaj members were the most spiritual and religious-minded within the human population on planet cMaj.  They were the least contentious of the three Clans and the least powerful, especially given their rejection of modernism, relative to the original Colony of starship Vestige.
The Vestige Clan, tied to the Housenn Thuall lineage, was the faction that held onto the old ways of the original Colony the most—from the Clan’s structure of voting system to the cultural norms from the old Ship, Vestige.  
The Dominionists Clan were just that:  the Clan with an emphasis on the Human being as opposed to the planet-based ideals of the cMaj Clan.  The two other Clans often accused the Dominionists of being Dominionistic—with an attitude that planet cMaj was merely a source meant for utilizing at homo sapiens’ will and the rogue synthetics had no right to dominate the planet nor the humans…Which was part of the reason why the communique that Councilor Housenn Thuall had with the young spy, Fuegon, was so important:  Now that Clan Dominionists had the power of flight—along with the synthetic humanoids, with the Dominionists’ philosophy, there was bound to be the first warfare on planet cMaj between the two groups!
Then there was one lone tribe, all on his own.  A synthetic being, no less.  Synthetic laborer Number 4.  He was the only synthetic on cMaj that was not a “rogue synth”—the mere other three were a tiny population, but each one equivalent to three humans, in terms of strength and even more so in terms of intellectual agility.
Number 4, who warned the original human scouting colonists of the rogue synths’ on-coming rebellion, was a close friend of Councilor Mariana Housenn Thuall’s mother, Tyra.  He was appointed by Councilor Tyra Housenn Sohill to mediate her peace deal with the rogue synthetics on cMaj!  It was never popular with the greater majority of the original colonists.  So when the former Tribe had voted against the peace deal, Synth Number 4 saw it a waste of his time to remain with the humans.  Yet, Number 4 was not of the same philosophy as the rogue synths…  So, he remained in solitude.  He never told the humans where he resided, and it had only been, perhaps, two or three times that any of the humans had spotted the slowly aging synthetic humanoid.  And even then, it was from a distance, while the humans were out gathering cMaj’s fruits from the planet’s small species of trees, or while they were exploring other parts of the continent, they would get a tiny glimpse of the tall, clothed synthetic being.
Councilor Miriana Housenn Thuall counselled within herself that she could really use synthetic laborer Number 4’s help at that moment, with the two new air-powers that were on their way to some kind of war…
CHAPTER Three
Beeshmah Salomenes worked directly for Councilor Miriana Housenn Thuall and kept that private within her own family, much less the rest of the Vestige Clan.  Since the Councilor had family over at her mastaba-hut for a few days, Beeshmah had to meet the older woman elsewhere.  Beeshmah still lived with her parents and had several siblings, so her abode was out of the question.  Councilor Housenn Thuall had the young woman rendezvous with her at one of the very raggedy plateaus that had towering rock formations and tended to block localized signals…that was a deliberate part on the Councilor’s end!  
The towering outcrops was a region that many lovers used to get away from the growing human societies on cMaj and, frankly, contributed to much of humanity’s population growth on the planet!  In particular, the Vestige and Dominionists Clans.  The cMaj Clan did not focus on the blatant drive to increase the human species like the other two Clans did.  Within their small numbers, the cMaj Clan did have a few families—even then, each having one or two children, compared to the other Clans’ average of six or seven children!  More to the point, cMaj Clan’s planet-bound philosophy inherently made it so there were not very many offspring among them.  Hence, it was rare to find cMaji frolicking among the outcrops like the Vestigians and the Dominions.   
But for Councilor Housenn Thuall and Beeshmah, it was all about quiet politics for them…
“I feel like a traitor,” Beeshmah put to Miriana while the 20-something took out her photovoltaic binoculars and checked to see if anyone was following her.  She scanned the region behind her and the Outcrops sector and was satisfied to find no one around, even within the outcroppings.
“Don’t feel that way, Beesh…you’re doing a very important task on behalf of not just our Clan, but all humans!”
She gave an incredulous look at the Councilor.  “The fact that we’re here, Councilor, seems to say otherwise.”
Miriana gave the young woman an appraising look.  “Beginning to have doubts about your special missions, Beeshmah?”
“Not at all, ma’am…just seems the politics of cMaj is getting worse by the year!  The bigger our human population grows, so does our problems and conflicts with each other!  And now that the Dominionists finally re-acquired the ability to fly…!”  Beeshmah simply shook her head for effect.
The Councilor nodded at her point.  “And that, young lady, is all the reason more why we have to find Number 4!  The peace deal by my mother may have not gotten the votes needed by the old Tribal Council back then, but at least 4 was able to bring the rogues to us!  That’s a lot more than I can say for either of the leaders of the other Clans today!”
Beeshmah gave a more reassuring nod that time.
“Good,” Miriana said, getting out her own portable communicator equipment for demonstration purposes to the young specialist.  
All humans’ devices on cMaj in the days of Councilor Housenn Thuall were constantly updated with fixtures that each Clan’s technology workers came up with.  But none of the current generation of devices matched the original Vestige colony’s high-tech wonder of projected iconographics!  The post-Vestige starship devices were various pieces of equipment from the six original colonists that they had taken with them on cMaj during their scouting mission those 70 years ago!  Since then, the Clans even took to repurposing tree limbs and rocks and pebbles as knobs and housing for some of their devices!  The look of post-Vestige Ship technology was an unusual, ‘primitive-punk’ look to it, but it was what the surviving humans were able to do in the meantime.  
“Ok, Beesh,” Miriana continued as she pulled up a stylized map of the greater region of the land they were on; it had two-dimensional graphics that seemed to map out synthetic Number 4’s movements, “we think he may be well-beyond this grouping of plateaus…this is according to the most recent sightings we’ve heard from our Clansfolk over the past few months.  I’m sure Number 4 is up to a little engineering of his own!”
The young woman’s head snapped up and looked the Councilor straight in the eyes!  “That would make sense; he’s so far away from all of us now!  So, you think he might be trying his hand at flight—to stay ahead of the game, too?”
“Actually, Beeshmah, he’s been flying for a while now, and I don’t mean he’s repaired his onboard jet!  You’re the first of anyone within the Clan I’ve told this to—outside my husband, of course!”
Beeshmah stared at her in disbelief.  “So…who was actually first in achieving flight on cMaj, then, Councilor?  The Dominionists or synthetic Number 4?”
“Well, Number 4, of course!  But Fuegon and the others didn’t know this!  Which surprised me…this is important information my intelligence division should have known!”  The Councilor thought on her conversation she had with Fuegon earlier that day.  She had already decided to start using Beeshmah for her special tasks instead of the brusque Fuegon.  Truth was her conversation with him that day was for the Councilor to flush out whether or not he knew about synthetic Number 4’s role in the race to flight in cMaj’s skies.
Beeshmah copied the information from Councilor Housenn Thuall’s device from her own rebuilt portable device and nodded to herself after the task was done.
“My instructions and background information of the situation with the flight issue should be coded in all that you’ve copied, Beesh.”
Beeshmah took a few seconds to verify what Councilor Housenn Thuall just told her.  Again, Beeshmah nodded silently to confirm.
“So, how are you going to get out there,” the older woman asked with a smirk.  “All synthetics are finally starting to show their aging, but if I’m correct, they can still scan you!”
“Do you remember when I told you one of my brothers was working on a project for a while, but he wanted to keep it a secret?”
“I remember the conversation…was it one of those new vehicle-carts I’ve seen around lately?”
“His version of it,”Beeshmah said proudly.  “Same concept as all the other ones all the Clans have for long-distance travel—tree trunk for the housing; bits of leftover metal from the Glory Days; heated sand for the glass….  But with Henril’s version, he finally got enough photovoltaic pieces to meet the energy threshold for travel!”
“Why, that’s outstanding,” Miriana said, genuinely glad to hear the engineering arts was still being used by some within humanity!
“Now, of course, this ain’t the Glory Days!  So that means I’ll have to strategically coast down any hills I may run across and let our star do the work for me.  But pedaling the other times…Not ideal for such a long travel, but it’s the best of the vehicles in all of cMaj that I can see!”
The Councilor was nodding to herself.  A thought occurred to her.  “Make sure you take some weapons, child!  We are not cMaji, here.  We believe in self-defense!”
“All taken care of, Councilor…and I’ve already packed my dried food and stashed a good portion of water.”
“You’ll need to take a moisture extractor with you,” Miriana lectured.  She thought of her days when she was young like Besshmah; when she used to venture out beyond her Clan’s settlement when her mother, Tyra Housenn Sohill, was out doing agrarian tasks for the family in those days.
“I’m re-working mine to make sure it still works…”  Both women’s attention was caught as they saw a young couple making their way to the Outcrops at a distance.  “We better go before someone gets the wrong idea about us!”
Councilor Housenn Thuall made a facial gesture as if she had sipped something sour and then began to laugh!
“I’ll zip you a comm on that special frequency you told me about when I pass the plateaus,” Beeshmah confirmed to the Councilor.
Miriana was nodding before she responded.  She called out to her specialist before she got too far.  “And be careful around him, Beeshmah.  It’s been a while since he’s been around humans…even the mighty synthetics are vulnerable, child.  He’s aging and is not quite the same.  Which is another reason why I wanted you to go as soon as possible.”
Beeshmah gave an inquisitive look.  Even so, she nodded at the Councilor’s words before she turned and headed back home to secretly prepare for her special mission.
CHAPTER Four
For the first time in months there was rain in the region of the Vestige Clan.  Councilor Miriana Housenn Thuall wasn’t sure if it rained in the farther reaches of the two other Clans, but she did not concern herself too much about it.  In fact, she was more concerned about her own family’s photovoltaic sun-catcher.  It was a relatively new piece of technology all three Clans had utilized for collecting photonic energy from cMaj’s local star.  Typically, the sun-catchers were a wide and very thin wall of specially heated glass from cMaj’s sand…specifically, the sands taken from Lake Thuall.  That same lake with the so-called sentient-sand.  The properties of the living sand’s neural connections greatly augmented the transmittible qualities of the photovoltaic walls—usually, a few feet away from each family’s mastaba-hut.  Universally, when cMaj’s sky was cloudy or during nighttime, the sun-catchers gathered approximately 90 percent less photonic energy from the sky and even the stars at night—including cMaj’s three moons.
Councilor Housenn Thuall thought within herself that there was a time, many years prior, where the Councilor used to reach out to the cMaji and the Dominions to make sure their settlements were getting enough rain for their crops and basic sanitation—and that was after a bit of treatment of the water by the citizens, of course.  Even after 70 years on cMaj after the bombing of the old Ship, Vestige, humans still had to treat the water of cMaj for them to digest and bathe with it.  The humans had adjusted to their new ecosystem for the most part.  But it was a constant reminder to the humans on cMaj that they were still the aliens…
Filleppe Thuall, common-husband to Miriana, came in from the rain, as he was doing some agrarian work on their own plot of land.  Even though she was around 65 and he just a bit older, like pretty much every elderly human on cMaj the couple had no choice but to continue to labor the land—for their food, clothing, and even much harder work when it came to utilizing their trees for the upkeep of their mastaba-hut.  Those tree limbs, rocks and pebbles, and jagged stones from the plateaus were what made it possible for all three human Clans to construct the tools and equipment that was necessary for their agrarian work.
After the Thualls ate dinner and retired for the evening, they were both greatly surprised when they heard persistent knocks on their hut’s door!  In those days, all the portable devices that were built with synthetic intelligence had all expired years prior.  Generally speaking, when they were all manufactured during the Glory Days on Vestige, they were never quite as high functioning as the humanoid synthetic laborers.  So, there were none left on all of cMaj that could serve as a lookout for their respective Clans.  All three Clans were grateful for the repurposing of the parts of those portable devices, but it was times like these that Councilor Housenn Thuall really wished they still had them around as a watcher!
Miriana had grabbed an old, long tree branch that they kept around the hut for self defense and slowly crept up to the door!  Filleppe stayed behind her as backup, the elderly man strong from all the labor that cMaj demanded on all humans!  But seconds later, a man’s muffled voice came through the hut’s door.
“It’s Rhett, Councilor…it’s very important that I talk with you!”
The couple looked at each other for a length of time.  Why in stars would the leader of the Dominionists Clan unexpectedly show up at the Councilor of Vestige Clan’s abode in the middle of the night?
Miriana handed her husband the tree branch as she finally unlatched the door and opened it, with the tall middle-aged Rhett an Preun standing at the doorway; politely waiting to be invited in.
The couple, despite themselves, graciously allowed the human chauvinist into their relatively small mastaba-hut.  His body-wrap clothing looked damp, meaning he most likely was out in the rain a few hours ago…that couldn’t be good!
Filleppe offered for him to sit at one of their wicker chairs but the bearded man politely refused.
“Councilor,” Rhett said while his eyes flitted between the couple, “I normally would ask your audience in private, but given the time…”
Councilor Housenn Thuall and her husband both silently nodded that they understood the circumstances.  The Dominion continued.
“I’m just going to the point:  I’m sure you know that my Clan has achieved flight, Councilor…I don’t have time to play political games and pretend that we all don’t spy on each other.”
That genuinely surprised the couple!  They glanced at each other, but let Rhett explain his presence.
“I’m here tonight because I actually need your help…”  The younger man could see the incredulity in the Councilor’s glance toward her common law husband.  “I, I don’t blame you for doubting, Councilor Housenn Thuall, given the deep chasm there is amongst all three Clans.  But you both know me and my politics:  I would not be here, talking with you under any other circumstances…but, as the old saying goes: desperate times makes a stranger a friend!”
There was a pocket of uncomfortable silence in the low-lit hut.
“So, what’s the problem,” Councilor Thuall asked with the jutting of her head.
“We’ve lost contact with our crew…”  Despite what the clan leader of the Dominionists said earlier, he found himself taking a seat on one of the wicker chairs anyway.  This encouraged the couple to find their own seats within the common area of the hut.  Rhett continued.
“And I’m sure your Clan also knows, Councilor, of the rogue synths’ achievement of flight a few months ago…Here’s the problem.  My Clan knows the lost communique with my crew is not due to the synths!  I won’t go so far and tell you how we know this, but, trust me, it’s accurate.”
“Ok,” Councilor Thuall came in, “so why do you need our help?”
Now Rhett’s head slightly turned to the side as he became pensive.  “The last thing they communicated with us via our own zip-frequency was they had spotted a ship from a distance…and then that’s when not only their communique ended, but our connection with them was totally lost!”
Councilor Housenn Thuall looked at Filleppe, both in deep thought, though mixed with confusion.
“Are you saying that your crew saw the rogue synths’ new aircraft and was shot down by them,” Filleppe asked.
Rhett was slowly shaking his head while his eyes were looking at a corner of the hut.  “Filleppe, we’ve seen the synths’ aircraft—it’s impressive, especially given that they scrounged up the parts from the old Ship’s crash site.  But a ship, it is not!”
That statement seemed to jab at the couple.  Rhett went on.
“Councilor…based on what my specialists are telling me, we are not alone on this planet, ma’am!”
That statement caused the Thualls to freeze in their respective wicker chairs!
“There’s something that I should share with you, I suppose,” the Councilor finally said.  “Given what you’re telling me…we, also, know for a fact that synthetic laborer Number 4 has recently achieved flight, Rhett.  So it is possible–” 
“Yes, Councilor,” the middle-ager cut in, “we’ve also known that, too!  And, I’ve also seen his aircraft, Councilor Housenn Thuall.  And that, too, is not big enough to be classified as a ship.”
At that moment, it was total silence as the couple and the visitor all thought further on the conversation.  It was taking them all to a place none of them felt comfortable expressing!
“This might be a stretch,” Filleppe said, finally breaking the silence, “but could it possibly be an aircraft by the cMaji?”
Even his wife, the Councilor, chuckled at that speculation.  But it was the Dominion that responded.
“With respect, sir, but the cMaj Clan is truly far too primitive—by their choice!—to even achieve a voltaic-propelled, land vehicle, much less an airship!  Which, by the way, is why I’m coming to the Vestige Clan for help, because we know you have the capabilities of flight if you truly wanted to!”
Councilor Housenn Thuall did not volunteer to Rhett that her Clan had not quite reach flight yet.  For as a Clan, they were divided whether or not to venture into old Ship Vestige’s ruins and risk radiation exposure, or to try from scratch.  It was another main reason why Councilor Thuall sent specialist Beeshmah to look for synth Number 4, so that the Vestige Clan could become an ally to the humanoid and utilize his flight machine instead of starting from scratch!  But, again, this she kept secret, even from her husband!
“Ok, then,” the Councilor said as she nodded while deferring to her common law husband, “we’ll see how we can help…where do we start?”
Rhett gave an uncomfortable look at them both then placed his eyes back on that corner of the hut as he spoke.  “As you can imagine, given my Clan is the Dominionists this did not come easily for us to conclude during our meeting before I came here tonight…if what my specialists have told me is correct…you will probably see this as justice from the Universe, Councilor Housenn Thuall, but there is no way my Clan could confront these aliens on our own!  Even as the strongest of all three Clans on cMaj…
“We, humans, must seek alliance with the synthetics, should these aliens prove to be adversarial!”
That statement caused the elderly couple to look at each other with (pleasantly) surprised faces!
“Go ahead; say it,” the younger man said sharply, his eyes back on them both.  “When your mother was still Councilor, years after Number 4 first arrived on our Settlement, she tried to have a peace deal –“
“—and the majority of our Tribe, back then, voted against it,” Councilor Housenn Thuall said, feeling vindicated!  “Including you, Rhett!  Oh, I remember that day very well…You were so young then, Rhett, but you were old enough to vote and, more importantly, old enough to understand the implications of not brokering a peace deal with the rogue synthetics…my mother was right!  Had you chauvinistic idiots listened to her back then we could’ve had a small army by now; at least to protect us from these aliens with the rogue synths leading it!”
“Miriana…” Filleppe reached over and clasped one of the Councilor’s hands, trying to calm her down.  It was rare for him to refer to Councilor Thuall by her first name while amongst the presence of others!
The mastaba-hut common space went silent, except for the constant wind from cMaj’s wide and open plateaus.  Most likely, all three humans in the hut were thinking about how different things could have been for homo sapiens on cMaj had the then-single Tribe voted for joining an alliance with the highly functioning synthetic humanoids that were left on the planet from their long-lost planet-ship…
“Were you able to verify your specialists’ claim about this spaceship, Rhett,” Filleppe asked after the lengthy silence.
Apparently, he had not thought about the issue that Filleppe brought up, given Rhett slightly jerked as a thought occurred to him.  From his body wrap, he slipped out a device that the Thualls did not recognize, so common it was for each Clan to retrofit salvaged equipment from the long-ago scouting expedition camp on cMaj.  That, or a risky venture to the sprawling Old Ship’s crash-site with the remnants of nuclear radiation.  The humans on planet cMaj made it a point to look at other colonists’ hands for any telltale signs of radioactive burns…interestingly to both Thualls, there were none on Dominionists Clan Leader Rhett’s hands.
After Rhett pushed a few buttons on the hobbled device, on the flat cMaj-sand screen a still piction was produced.  The image was of an elongated, cylindrical craft that the Thualls could tell was miles away from whomever took the piction, judging by some of the landscape in the piction—mesas and rocky outcrops being used as visual scales.  Below the ship—yet to be officially determined if it truly was a spaceship—on the flat plains were hundreds of dots and the large shadow cast by the suspended ship!
Rhett had handed the device over to the Councilor so she and her husband could look at the scene for themselves.
“My stars,” was all that Miriana could say while she leaned back in her wicker chair and let Filleppe clutch onto the device as he looked much longer at the piction than she did.
“What are those underneath the ship,” Filleppe asked as he handed the device back to Rhett.
Rhett peered at the piction for a bit himself before responding and placing the device back into his body-wrap’s pocket.  “Them!”
Once again, the elderly couple froze in their seats!
“Why, there must be several hundreds of them,” Filleppe said with alarm as his head went back and forth between the Councilor and the Dominion.  “More than our human population of around 250!”
Rhett was quietly nodding his head.  “Now you see why I’m here…”
Rhett paused after seeing that the Councilor suddenly had something come into her mind.  He let her speak.
“Well, after all this, looks like now is the appropriate time to tell both of you something that I’ve been working on that’s perfect for this situation…”  The two men sat quietly, waiting for Councilor Thuall to expound.  “I already have someone doing outreach to synthetic laborer Number 4!  I’m sorry, Filleppe, I didn’t want to tell you not because I don’t trust you, it’s –“
“I understand, my love,” her common husband softly stated.
She nodded a thanks before continuing.  “Originally, I was only going for Number 4’s alliance, but, clearly, we’ll need him to try to finish what my mother had him do on his mission 20 years ago and convince the rogues synths to join us!”
Filleppe and the Dominionists Clan chief, both, gave skeptical looks at her.
“Well, they’re more likely to listen to another synthetic humanoid than any humans!  I’m sure you would understand that point, Rhett.  Given your Clan’s political views!”  Her husband shot her a warning look, but she ignored it.
“Councilor,” Rhett said with a sigh; tiring of the combative undercurrent of their impromptu meeting, “even the synthetics have psychological profiles…I’m no psychologist, but from what I’ve heard about 4 from my specialists, I think he’s pretty burned out on good-will toward society after our Tribe turned down your mother’s peace deal all those years ago!”
“He’s roamed this continent of cMaj since then for a reason, Councilor,” Filleppe added.  “And now with him finally finishing his refurbished skycraft and achieving flight some months ago, he’s had access to the rest of the planet!  Mind you, it would take even a synthetic quite a while, but…he’s even more detached from the rest of us for sure!  I hope whoever you have on this mission to find synthetic Number 4 is a good hunter—”
“—And has to watch out for our new-found alien friends,” Rhett sarcastically put!
Again, the Councilor paused with a thought.
“What’s on you mind, Councilor,” Rhett asked.
Before responding, Councilor Housenn Thuall looked at both men.  “How do we know they’re alien?  May I remind you both, we, humans and those synthetic rogue humanoids are the aliens on cMaj!”  Rhett and Filleppe, both, froze upon the thought.  She continued.  “Number 4, the three other synths, and your Clan, Rhett, have achieved air-flight just within the last year.  But since the old ship’s bombing, we’ve all been here for over 70 years…we don’t know if they’ve always been here!  Remember, we’ve always speculated that some high-intelligent species most likely was responsible for placing the sentient sands on Lake Thuall’s shores!” 
Rhett violently shook his head out of disagreement from the wicker chair he was seated in.  “I find that hard to believe that they are domestic to cMaj, Councilor.  In over 70 years, with that kind of technological prowess, if they were domestic, they would’ve run across us decades ago!  I’m sure they’re new to this planet.”
“Councilor, at this point, it may not matter either way,” Filleppe pointed out.  “Domestic or alien, they have the technological means to fly all over this planet!  And by the looks of that ship Rhett showed us, I’m certain it can traverse space!  Based on human history that our dearly departed portable computerables had left us before the last one expired, when a civilization has that kind of technology, 100 percent of the time it’s not limited to transportation…”
“You’re talking military,” Miriana stated matter of factly as she got up from her wicker chair and began to pace.
“Of course,” Filleppe responded.  “I suggest we do something we have not done in over 20 years…”
The Dominionists Clan leader and the Vestige Clan councilor both looked at Filleppe with full attention.  “I strongly suggest we have an all-Clan conference!  We thought we were in bad shape with just three synthetic humanoids flying around with their built-in jets and limited weaponry.  This news Rhett brought represents the most existential threat to humanity since the Synthetic Rebellion on the Vestige colonial starship over 70 years ago…I’m thinking we may have to move all our Clans back to the caves and the bluffs!  We’re out in the open with our growing human population and with all the buildings and agrarian landscaping that goes with it.  
“If it’s true these—aliens or domestics, or whatever they are, are not aware of any of the Clans, now is the time to evacuate the Settlements…before they spot us and most likely either impose genocide against us or enslave us!”
Rhett flinched upon Filleppe’s last sentence and looked upon the elderly man on his wicker chair.
“You’ve read from the defunct portable mechanicals’ historic accounts like we have, Rhett,” Councilor Thuall said after noticing the younger man’s shocked face.  “In all of deep, ancient history of humanity—even some more recent eras during the Vestige colonial days away from Earth’s home solar system!—whichever society that is more advanced and has a first encounter with a lesser-developed civilization, the advanced ones always impose on the less-advanced ones!  Without exceptions, Rhett.  And given you are the chief of the Dominionists Clan, I’m sure you understand this.”
Surprising to the elderly couple, the middle-aged clan leader did not rebuff the Councilor’s words!  Indeed, he looked upon them with drained eyes before speaking.
“Trust me, Councilor Housenn Thuall, it’s all the more the reason why I actually agree with your husband on his recommendation.  I guess I just got comfortable being in the strongest clan-society on the whole planet!  And with our Clan finally—finally!—achieving air-flight…I don’t know.  I thought maybe we actually had a chance to be on equal fighting terms with the rogue synthetics...”  
A defeated shrug from the proud, human chauvinist.
In all the years she had known the mature younger man in her hut, Miriana had not so much as shaken Rhett’s hands in a formal greeting.  Not since that fateful Tribal vote over 20 years prior—which had set the once larger Tribe to break up into three separate ones.  
But, at that moment, she walked over and simply placed one of her boney hands on one of Rhett’s shoulders.  She and Filleppe had known him since his birth.  The human population on cMaj, in the end, was basically just one spread out small town!
“I say let’s not make the mistake my mother’s generation did by underestimating the rogue synths in the Vestige colony,” Miriana softly said.  “Chief Rhett, it’s time for us to guard our own version of the Vestige colony!”
CHAPTER Five
It had been about three weeks since Beeshmah was commissioned by the Vestige Clan’s councilor to strike out and look for synthetic laborer Number 4.  By Vestige colonial standards, it was a long mission.  She had been pedaling and energy-coasting her hand-made vehicle all that time, taking rests mainly on certain intervals of a few hours.  Which meant Beeshmah was also pedal-driving her arboreal landcraft at nights, just so she could make it out farther from the plateau region that Councilor Housenn Thuall’s map had shown where synthetic laborer Number 4 was last seen.
Of course, since the artificial humanoid had constructed his own aircraft, there was no guarantee that he would even be in that sector of the continent!  
The specialist—or spy, as they were called in Classical Era—decided to try and message her boss again.  For some reason, she had lost connection with Councilor Thuall about five days ago…
All three Clans on the Canis Major planet system had developed their own communication frequency using salvaged parts from not only the original six-crew scouting mission from the Vestige Colony, but even from sections of the crash-site of the planet-ship!  It took some sacrifices by some of the colonists within each, respective Clan—over the years, a couple of colonists had actually died from radiation poisoning!  But those were the extreme cases.  The two unfortunates had stayed overnights at the crash-site and were advised not to.  With that said, all Clans had learned how to seek out their own communication frequency and augmented them using photovoltaic technology…
“Councilor, this is Beesh,” she whispered in the wind-swept night.  From what she could even guess, she was hundreds of miles from anyone else on cMaj…perhaps with the exception of Number 4.  But she whispered anyway.  A specialist never knew when she or he was near a piece of technology that could detect them.  Even on cMaj…again, the humans on cMaj were not primitive; they were marooned.
“Councilor,” she tried again, “it’s been a while since I’ve heard from you…”  
Beeshmah glanced at her vehicle; parked behind a small gathering of wide trees.  In that section of the continent, Beeshmah noticed the farther out she had gotten from her home-plateau the bigger and wider the trees were.  Also, there was a bit more grass in the new region she found herself in.  She thought for a short while that, perhaps, it was a better area for humans to try and migrate to.  But the region lacked the jutting rock formations and cliffs that helped the human settlements with the tools and housing they needed.
She waited a few more minutes before trying again.  This was a trick of the spy trade—so the specialist would not clutter the air with their zip-frequencies.  Indeed, just as she pulled up her retro-device to speak into it, a static-laden response met her!
“Colonist—maintain frequency-silence…unknown visitors!”
Beeshmah froze with utter shock!  
She wanted to reply to make sure she even understood the slightly cryptic message, but that would do just what the speaker told her not to do!  Using logic and a bit of common sense, Beeshmah knew what she heard over the comm!
She stayed in her crouched position behind a tree for a few minutes, absorbing the news!  Indeed, what were the implications for the entire human populace within cMaj?  
Beeshmah still did not know who it was that messaged her over the comm!  Obviously, she knew Councilor Miriana Housenn Thuall’s voice very well.  Even if it were peppered with static.  More to the point, it was a male’s voice.  But nor was it synthetic laborer Number 4’s electronic voice—it would be obvious if it were him.  In following the deductive reasoning thought process, that most likely left one of the crew members from the Dominionists Clan’s aircraft.  News about the Dominionists’ flight success was already known within Councilor Thuall’s specialist group.
The situation of the urgent need to stay frequency-silent also complicated Beeshmah’s mission to locate synthetic Number 4!  Her driving out into the savannaesque region was meant to, at least, get her close enough to Number 4 where she could send a communique to reach him, even if the synthetic being had gone farther out from the plateaus.  But now, even that little bit of advantage for Beeshmah was taken from her!
Given that, apparently, there was a visitation of some kind of aliens on cMaj, it was even more vital that Beeshmah reach synthetic Number 4!  Even though his artificial, slightly human-like body was beginning to age, after almost a hundred years since his engineering—plus the 70 years of gritty exposure to cMaj’s dusty winds, Number 4’s synthesized intelligence was the important aspect to him that the Vestige Clan needed most.
Indeed, all that was left of humanity needed Number 4 greatly, now…
CHAPTER Six
Beeshmah popped the last of her dried-out plant-jerky into her mouth before she finally decided to call her search mission for Number 4 off.  It had been two days since she had arrived at that particular region of the continent of cMaj—its savanna landscape very different from her home-region of the plateaus and rocky outcrops.  She figured it was best to camp in the area for a couple of days or so, since she had gotten that transmission from some anonymous colonist about “unknown visitors.”  Since the message, Beeshmah had not zipped any communique nor traveled any further.  Trying not to draw attention from any visiting species that may not harbor the friendliest attitude toward a, now, burgeoning species of homo sapiens.
For all the specialist knew, laborer Number 4 could have been on one of the other continents of cMaj!  She was not sure how sturdy Number 4 had built his cobbled flying machine—she heard he, like the rogue synthetics, had harvest all the parts from the Old Ship’s crash-site.  
Even for the synthetics it can’t be healthy to be exposed to nuclear radiation like that for hours during flight-time…even with the radiation levels at a relatively low reading, Beeshmah thought to herself.  
Over the past two days of sedentary camping, Beeshmah’s landcraft’s photovoltaic system had gotten a good charge of sunlight from the Canis Major system’s nearest star.  So Beeshmah was set to start heading back to the Vestige Clan’s Settlement out in the plateaus…
That is, until her tracking device, stashed within her tree-carved vehicle, started to chime wildly!
“Oh, stars…”
Beeshmah whipped her head all over the place, looking for what was setting off her tracking device!  Usually, from a long distance the device would beep in long, intermittent chimes—denoting that said-object being tracked was a distance away from the device.  But the fact that the beeping started off in an almost continuous, long wave of sound indicated that whatever the object was, it was coming toward Beeshmah’s camp extremely fast!  And given her vehicle was a simple-machine of elaborate foot-pedals and pullies made from cMaj tree bark and twigs for belts, there was absolutely no chance of Beeshmah vacating the area in time to escape whatever was coming her way!  
As if that weren’t bad enough, a universal trait of savannas on any planet was the same—hectares and hectares of wide-open space, with few trees and rocks, and with no good places to hide!
The only thing Beeshmah could think of was yanking off a large branch from one of the few trees nearby and using it for a weapon!  Now the tracking alarm was one long wailing sound!  Beeshmah started for the tree closest to her to grab a branch when the object flashed into her peripheral sight and virtually crash-landed right in front of her…
“Number 4,” Beeshmah said loudly with relief, surprise, and joy!  She wanted to reach out and hug him…it was a testament to how well the synthetic humanoid had gotten along with humans!
With his stylized, humanoid face, synthetic Number 4 grinned a bit but held up one of his fingers in a shushing gesture!  He quickly stepped over to Beeshmah’s landcraft, grabbed the tracking device and tossed it to her.  
“Please silence the tracker, Beeshmah,” Number 4 said curtly, but in a polite tone.
She turned down the alarm, but synthetic Number 4 clarified for her, “You’ll have to turn it off, Colonist…in fact, every electro-mechanicals we’ll have to turn off right now, Beeshmah.”
Beeshmah looked upon him with inquisitive eyes but went over to her vehicle and did what the synthesized humanoid said to do.
“Please grab a pouch and put as much food and portable equipment you can stuff into it, Beeshmah.”
At that point, the young woman stopped and started to say something until Number 4 expounded.  “They are passaging this way very soon, Beeshmah…we have to go—now!  You won’t be able to use your landcraft anymore.”
Finally, the human understood!  Beeshmah snatched one of her blankets from the back of the landcraft.  It was made from some of cMaj’s dried-out vegetation.  She stuffed it with most of her portable food, water, and smaller equipment, which included the tracking device.  She quickly bound the heaping blanket in a double-knot.  
Before she could say anything else, Number 4 scooped Beeshmah up with both arms—as if she were a toddler!  The ballooning blanket rested within her own arms.  The synthetic humanoid’s stowed-rocket punched out from Number 4’s upper-back, between his shoulder-blades, and the artificial man blasted off from the camping ground; skimming the surface of cMaj by a mere few feet so he could stay out of sensors of the upcoming visitors…or were they the tenants coming back to cMaj?  Finding that strangers had made a mess of their planet with the crash-site of the planet-ship Vestige, and the planet infested with crawling humans and their cousins, the synthetics!
CHAPTER Seven
Just as homo sapiens sapiens was barely getting upon its knees—not even standing!—it was forced back down to lying in the muck of history.  Though not yet proven a menace to the vestige of the once-proud species, the aliens—or domestics—discovered across the continent, had, by default, forced the human Clans back into the caves and bluffs of cMaj!
It had been three weeks since the very ruckus all-Clans conference!  The Dominionists, the Vestige, and the cMaj all had their own, respective self-interest in attending.  For the meeting was not the typical disputes the humans had between the Clans:  not about which clan was usurping Lake Thuall’s water or sentient sands; not about star-struck young lovers crossing over the clan-divide with a relationship; nor was the conference about the Tardigrades—the once-microscopic species that was a stowaway on the old ship Vestige.  They were the closest things to wild animals cMaj had since the humans were marooned there!  
The meeting was about the potential genocide of what was left of their species, if it was true that the unknown, highly advanced aliens proved to be aggressive!  Thing was, none of the Clans wanted to test such theory.  The same piction that Dominionists Clan chief Rhett had showed to Councilor Thuall and her common law husband some weeks ago had proven how advanced the species was.  After Rhett had passed the piction around during the all-Clan conference for everyone to see what his specialists had zipped-messaged him, a couple of post-Vestige colonial ship scientists had done an examination of the piction and estimated the visitors’ ship to be around 600 feet in length!  
And that was just one ship!  As with the case of all first-level societies, when there was one there usually was a fleet of them somewhere else!
The situation of the three Clans’ retreat into cMaj’s caves and bluffs was not the same as some 70 years ago when the original Colonists from Vestige had to hide from the rogue synthetic humanoids after the Synth Rebellion.  Back then, the human population was a mere six!  The one advantage of such a small population was the ease of concealment.  But in the days of Councilor Housenn Thuall, the population had grown to approximate 250—still a tiny populace, but much harder to hide from any predator!  
The three clan chiefs came up with plans to have teams of colonists to venture out to the plateaus’ and plains’ fields and gather enough vegetation for each family within their respective clans, while keeping a watch for the aliens!  At that point, during the three weeks since the all-Clans conference, no one had spotted or heard any signs of the aliens.  
At least, not yet…
The Clans were spread out a bit from each other.  The Dominionists and Vestige Clans had chosen big, well-hidden caves for their respective clans.  At a little over 100 members for either clan, the two Houses were the two larger ones of the trifecta clandoms.  They were about a quarter of a mile from each other.  
The eccentric cMaj Clan was approximately a full mile from the other two Clans—closer to the high bluffs sector of the plateau region.  That was by design, per the cMaji.  They did not see either the Vestige Clan or the Dominionists Clan as a threat, per se.  The cMaji simply preferred to have solitude, given their more spiritual and religious lifestyle compared to the other clans. At around 50 or so in population, the cMaj was the smallest of the Clans…
“I wonder if the mechanicals are hiding from them,” Fillamon Housenn Thuall, Councilor Housenn Thuall’s eldest adult child, asked softly to his mother in the cave.  It was the one, specifically, acquired by the Housenn Thuall family.  The rest of the Vestige Clan was spread out within that particular cave system.
Responding to Fillamon’s question, Miriana subconsciously glanced out toward the cave’s mouth, cMaj’s night sky twinkled beyond the opening.  “The Universe has a funny way of writing poetry, as our ancients used to say.  They’d get only a taste of what we, humans, have gone through hiding from them for almost a century!”
A shared laugh…	
The elderly woman had just finished up one of her customary Circle of Tales with all her grandchildren and the few great-grandchildren she had!  It was usually held late nights on festive occasions, whether inside a colonist’s hut or outside under cMaj’s stars, with a campfire going.  When held outside, the Councilor insisted that it was the element of fire used for lighting the camp, not any of the modern photovoltaic lanterns!  Of course, given the situation of all three Clans sheltering in the caves due to the unknown visitors, it was no festive time.  Indeed, for the past few weeks, Miriana had no choice but to use photovoltaic lighting.  Had they used a campfire like she traditionally did, it would first and foremost attract the attention of the aliens, and, of course, render the large cave uninhabitable due to the smoke!  
A group of the youngest of the colonists would group around her in a circle while the Councilor passed on the deepest of oral and written history and traditions of ancient Earth...  The Written part was largely thanks to her mother, cMaj’s first Councilor, Tyra Housenn Sohill.  For Councilor Miriana Housenn Thuall’s mother was the one who had discovered the oldest section of the defunct planet-ship, Vestige.  And in doing so, Tyra Housenn had also discovered not only ancient Writings from before humans left Earth’s solar system, but also that the generational starship’s outdated nuclear fuel would be depleted within in a few years…
To think, in a mere two generations since her mother’s achievements, humanity found itself, once again, cowering in caves!  Tens of thousands of years ago—on Earth—it was large, fury animal predators.  Seventy years ago, it was the rogue synthetic laborer humanoids that held grudges toward humanity’s supremacy.  And now, in the days of Councilor Miriana Housenn Thuall, it was aliens—or, perhaps, domestics and humans were the strangers in a strange land…
“Mother,” Fillamon finally said, breaking a silent patch, “if these aliens are indigenous to cMaj, and they’ve been here all this time—or, even if they are alien to the planet, the point is they’re here!  For whatever reason, we’ve never seen them before until now.  And even that is most likely due to the Dominions’ flight-crew discovering them—"
“Or,” the Councilor interjected, “they’ve just arrived here.  And if that’s the case, then we, humans, can justifiably say cMaj is our planet!”
Her son looked upon his mother with a mixture of uncomfortable eyes and amusement.  “Well, looks as if your working with that Dominion chief is starting to rub off onto your way of thinking, Mother!  Anyway, I was going to say, the aliens will most likely be in this region of the continent for a while…we may have to get a bit comfortable dwelling in these caves a bit longer than we’ve anticipated!”
The Councilor’s head was already nodding in consent.  “I’ve talked with your father about that…I don’t relish that possibility, but this is the reality we’ve found ourselves in for the time being.”
Fillamon glanced down toward the length of the medium-sized cave, where the rest of the Housenn Thuall and Sohill extended families were sprawled out across the cavernous structure.  Most of the family members were asleep, but a few were awake; mostly reading books by tiny photovoltaic lamps.  Not surprisingly, they were the older ones in the families. 
“I want your honest opinion about something, Fillah,” the Councilor said—but it was more of the mother side coming through.  He froze, waiting to hear what her question was.  “Do you think our Clan should have a more—robust approach to things?”
Her son’s eyes pierced at her with an arched brow!  “Sounds like someone had a nice chat with a young colonist by the name of Fuegon,” he whispered.  He whispered becauase Fuegon, that very same specialist that Councilor Thuall had a confrontational exchange with weeks ago, was a member of the extended family of Miriana!  The Sohill an Preun branch.  Her late-father’s family name.  
“But, since you asked, Councilor…”  Fillamon gathered his thoughts as he blankly stared out toward the mouth of the cave.  “I think we should be focusing on the Vestige Clan having our own aircraft.  Technically speaking, we’d be the last one on the planet of the tribes to build one—not just the Dominionists; don’t forget the rogue synths with theirs and, of course, synth Number 4 with his own…Of course, the cMaji have no interest in having one – ”
“—they’ve been in trial-flights for the past month,” his mother said in deadpan.  This caused Fillamon to stop and gaped at her news!  She smiled at him and gave him a motherly stroke on one of his shoulders.  “It’s my job as Councilor to know such happenings, my Son.”
“Well, then it’s all the more the reason our Clan should construct our own ship—”
“—the only way we can do that is if we risk our health—possibly our lives—by going to Vestige’s crash site!  You’ve seen other colonists’ burned hands and the sickness from the radiation associated with that!”
“Mother…”  Fillamon raised his hands out of frustration.  “I love you, but I don’t understand why you think it’s mutually exclusive to pursue building our own ship and making sure we have protection from the radiation!  Besides, its potency is not as bad as when the Ship initially blew up and the debris landed on cMaj…I know 70 years isn’t that long when you’re talking about nuclear half-life radiation, but it’s nearly three-quarters of a century of breakdown!”
She looked away in thought for a moment.  “Well, unless you have a better idea for shielding us from the radiation, I wouldn’t have any objections to doing it…”  A thought occurred to her.  “You’ve already started a project on airflight…Am I right?”
Sarcastically, Fillamon affectionately rubbed one of his mother’s shoulders the way she had done to him just seconds ago!  “My job as engineer-journeyer to build such things for the Clan…”
The Councilor laughed!  She had a mixture of pride in her son, yet irritation that he would risk going to the Old Ship’s crash site and back—apparently for several months!—and he not tell her!  Councilor Housenn Thuall unexpectedly grabbed her son’s hands and examined them!  The middle-ager pulled his hands free from her, a smirk on his face.
“I’m still your mother, Fillah!  You’ve got a bit of blisters, Son…I hope the rest of your team are faring better!”
“It’s alright, Mother…we learned to take shifts and spread out the work between all of us while working on it.”
She gave him a pondering look.  “Where do you keep it?”
“About two miles south of the plateaus…”  He gave her a suspicious look.  “Why, Mother; planning on scurrying out there while our new-found alien friends will probably catch us and make pets out of us—?”
“—Well-before sunrise tomorrow I want you to take me to it.”
Fillamon started to object loudly until the Councilor shushed him and reminded him of their sleeping extended family members throughout the cave!
“I mean it, Fillah,” Councilor Thuall whispered while getting up from the small rock outcrop she was sitting on, brushing herself off.  “I don’t like the fact that you did not inform me of this mission—both as your Councilor and your mother!  But we’re in this unfortunate situation with the visitors and competing with everyone else for control of cMaj’s skies…you and your friends might have just bought us a little time, Fillah.”
CHAPTER Eight
“Stars’ gravity, it looks as if you manufactured it!”  
Beeshmah went up to the parked aircraft—engineered by synthetic laborer Number 4—and caressed the vertical, circular structure at the center of the craft.  Improvised spokes from the Old Ship’s crash site connected the circle to that of the aircraft’s fuselage, the open-end of the rounding structure having a small rocket-like vehicle in the middle—the look was as if a rocket were going through a circular gate.  
Number 4’s hideout from the aliens (and, frankly, the rogue synthetic humanoids) was deep within a cave in the savanna sector of the continent.
“Advised that you not touch the craft, Beeshmah.”
She froze on spot and quickly withdrew her hand from the vehicle.  “I’m sorry, 4.”
“Oh, it’s not because of vanity, Colonist.  I just don’t want you exposed to the trace-nuclear radiation.  I cobbled this vehicle together not expecting humans to be around.  So, I have not made any provisions of mitigation-buffers that your human relatives are using with their ships.”  
The young human looked at him blankly.
The lifelike mechanical chuckled a bit, with an apologetic tone.  “That is, I do not use any water from the local lakes and streams to make shields for the trace-radiation.  We, synthetics, are affected by the radiation, as well.  But it does not harm us to the same degree as any biological species.  By not having to place containers of water throughout the inside of the aircraft saves my ship a significant amount of weight!”
“Understood,” Beeshmah said with a smile, her eyes back on the aircraft.  “And that means you use and need less energy to pilot your ship!”
“Very good, Human!”
The tall, slender human-like mechanical walked over to his creation and gently touched it, as if it were some living pet.  He was dressed just like the humans—somewhat lose-fitted body wrap that was made from cMaj’s vegetation; not quite a robe from the deep ancient days of Earth.  “It’s actually been days since I’ve even been in this hangar of mine.  That’s how I ensure I reduce my exposure to the radiation.”
“So…this big wheel-like structure churns and helps charge the bits of nuclear you have stored within the aircraft,” Beeshmah asked, though sounding more like a statement.
“Correct…I found the surviving engine a bit deeper within the crash site.  I’m guessing the engine used to motorize some large farm vehicle in one of the pastures of Vestige’s O’Neillian sector.”
Beeshmah gave a look.  “Was that the gigantic tube that spun around for gravity and the inside of it contained an artificial planet—similar to Earth’s?”
The synthetic man chuckled at the innocent-sounding questions of the young woman.  Synthetic Number 4 used his aging image-projector and produced a rarely seen, three-dimensional motion piction!  It was of various vids taken over some of the centuries of the defunct generational starship…
Beeshmah, of one of the generations of humans that had never seen starship Vestige in person, was totally mesmerized by the projections!  There were moving images taken of the starship from the outside and some showing the illogical, spinning Earthlike colony that looked like an immense jewel of emerald and sapphire with accents of whites from the artificial clouds and cities!
“Beeshmah, I don’t have in my internal actuator files all of Vestige’s history, but O’Neill was the name of someone important in the deep history of space flight of humans, apparently…I still remember all my days there, Beeshmah!  And I still cannot believe that most of my sisters and brothers, back then, had such a grudge toward humanity!  On how we were taken for granted and not respected in the same way that biologics were—even when compared to the animals we had in the countryside of the Colony…”
Number 4 halted the projected vids and held up a hand—basically pointing, and gently guided Beeshmah out of the hangar and toward another section of his hideout cave.
“It makes me a bit worried,” the synthetic said, finishing his thought as they both sat down on nearby rock outcroppings within the cave.  “That the three remaining rogue synths may still be harboring some of that grudge…I’m wondering how that type of psychology, even when within a synthetic, will cloud their judgement when it comes to dealing with these visiting aliens—”
“—Or indigenous,” she interjected.  A rare occasion when any human corrected a synthetic!
“Or indigenous,” Number 4 said, graciously accepting the young human’s suggestion.  “The rogue synths may make the situation harder for the rest of us on cMaj!”
The cave went silent for a while as they both contemplated on the situation.
“This takes me to why I’m here in the first place, Number 4…But you already knew that before you rescued me out on the savanna!”
The mechanical’s head was nodding.  “Of course I did…Seeing how all three of the human Clans are pursuing their own, separate goals of controlling the skies of cMaj just reminds me why I walked away from all of you.  And I don’t mean you, personally, Beeshmah.  I mean all three Clans and my kindred in the rogue synthetics!  They’re all too concerned with competing against each other for the skies instead of coming together and tackling the issue of how to deal with the visitors!”
“Agreed, 4.  But that’s where leadership comes in!  I may be young, Number 4, but I’m old enough to see the difference in how the Clan leaders administer their power.  And if you don’t mind me saying, I think you should be the grand-Councilor of all of us on cMaj—the rogues included!”
“What?!”  Number 4 was genuinely surprised at Beeshmash’s words!
She said nothing for a short while, merely nodding her head.  “Mind you, this is my own opinion.  But as a trusted specialist of the Councilor, I’m telling you, Number 4, we really could use your leadership, Sir!”
Synthetic laborer Number 4 looked at the human sitting across from him on the rock formation.  Literally, millions of calculations were going through his synthesized actuator brain—weighing the pros and cons of the idea of him leading a disparate population of humans and adversarial synthetics.  And all the while, dealing with crafting a plan to engage or interact with the visiting aliens—or domestics.
It was something that with all his superior intellect as a synthetic, when compared to the humans, Number 4 had not even entertained!
CHAPTER Nine.
Councilor Thuall was awakened by one of her adolescent grandchildren!  Miriana shot straight up from the wicker blanket she was lying on within the cave that her extended family had designated as their own after the all-Clans evacuation of the Settlements due to the on-coming aliens.
In a reversal of roles that the mid-sixties Miriana was used to, the late-teenager held up one of her fingers to her pursed lips—Lilja Housenn was shaking and absolute fear was in her eyes!
It dawned on the Councilor that it was completely silent within the cave…she looked around in the darkened surroundings and saw that every family member of the Housenn Thuall extended family were all facing the cave’s mouth; each and every one of them were pressed against the cave’s rugged walls!
Before she knew it, the adolescent grandchild was quite forcibly tugging Councilor Housenn Thuall along with her toward a large, vertical ridge and they both virtually tripped behind it for cover!
Miriana kept her eyes facing the mouth of the cave—it was probably around midnight from what she could guess.  “The rogues,” Councilor Thuall asked in a whisper while panting from the action.
“No…” was all that her granddaughter replied.
Miriana’s head whipped around to look at Lilja in surprise and then in sudden horror!  That left only one other group that would leave any gathering of humans to behave in such manner!
Then the Councilor noticed a bit of commotion from across the dark cave…another young one from the extended family was quickly crawling on the floor of the cave!  Other family members that were near him tried to stop him!
Realizing what was going on, Miriana made a very high-pitched sound with her tongue against the roof of her mouth to get his attention so she could stop him!  But then she saw what he was doing:  In the mad rush to hide against the cave’s walls, the Housenn Thuall families had the presence of mind to hide all the domicile objects they had lying around the cave.  Obviously, it was so whatever predator was outside could not spot the items, should they do a deeper look into the caves from the outside.  Afterall, cMaj’s plateau region virtually had an infinite number of caves and crevices.  Not likely that a predator would go into every cave and cranny.
But someone had left out a tall serving pitcher—made of glass from the sands of Lake Thuall!  Likely, it was hard to see the transparent object—in the dark—while the families were scrambling to hide!
The Councilor and other family members pressing against the cave were all making hand gestures denoting that Jabari Thuall needed to stay down against the rocky floor!  The adolescent ignored their entreaty and made it to the pitcher…only then did he drop to the floor of the cave!  Strategically, Jabari had ducked behind a large protruding rock…
Seconds later, the sounds of technology were gradually making their way toward the cave’s mouth, proceeding from the left side of the opening to the right!  Lancing beams of lights pierced cMaj’s night, moving in crisscross patterns—presumably search-lights! The cave rumbled for approximately four minutes non-stop as unseen vehicles—by air and perhaps on land—passed over and below the line of sight, relative to the cave’s opening!
That is, all but one, small mechanical…
It merely passed by like the other unseen crafts, but Councilor Housenn Thuall and a few others in the cave were able to get a glimpse of the flying contraption:  around the size of a human torso, elongated in profile—almost matching the shape of the huge ship that Dominionists Clan Chief Rhett had shown her weeks previously in the piction, and it had appurtenances all around its hide.  The humans were able to see such details because it, too, had search-lights and other twinkles of technology on its shell.  At one point, one of the search-lights flashed into the interior of the cave—causing most of the humans to recoil against the cave’s walls even more than they already were!
All the humans on cMaj knew enough about modern technology from what was passed down from Councilor Thuall’s mother’s generation, the defunct portable devices, and even the friendly synthetic humanoid, Number 4.  The last of the original Colonists from the starship Vestige, Lanay Thuall—where Lake Thuall had gotten its name—was the pilot for the scout ship that landed on cMaj.  Later, after the aliens’ procession was over and the Housenn Thuall families were able to relax, Lanay had commented to all present in the cave that she had not heard such engineering prowess since being on the old generational ship 70 years prior!
But for the current generation, it was their very first time hearing and seeing modern technology on such scale!
“Did anyone get a look at them—”
“I’m sure that small aircraft had scanning capabilities; hope it didn’t pick us up—”
“—don’t think so; the aliens would’ve raided this cave by now!”
“Good job in spotting that pitcher, Jabari—”
“What do you think they did with our Settlements…?”
That last voice, from one of the adolescents of the extended families, caused all the relieved voices to stop.  The cave went eerily quiet…
“Well, based on the ancients’ history, such advanced powers would usually occupy the less-advanced society’s home,” Urick Thuall Salomenes spoke up after the long silence.  He was still fidgety from the fear of the passing aliens!  “I’m guessing they already occupy all three Clans’ encampments by now!”
There was a stir among the families in the cave.
“Councilor,” Angelika Housenn spoke up from the back of the cave, with her family tightly clustered around her, “should we have a small party venture out during the morrow and check, or would it be too risky?”
Miriana was already shaking her head; her own family, at that point, had gathered around her.  “I’m afraid it’s too risky, Angelika…aside from being detected by them, we don’t know if the aliens could’ve set up a trap at the Settlements!  We’ll just have to continue in the caves like we have been the past month.  And I mean the entire Vestige Clan, not just the Housenn Thuall house.”
Again, more murmurs from the extended family members!
After hearing some objections and complaints, Councilor Housenn Thuall looked upon her common law husband with surprise!  Filleppe simply shrugged out of irritation!
“May I have everyone’s attention,” she finally said while the murmurs continued.  The extended families gave the Councilor their attention—some still looking out toward the mouth of the cave, making sure none of the alien craft circled back!  “We’ve all finally got a chance to partially see the visiting aliens—or indigenous populace, or whatever they are!  You’ve felt their power just from their ship’s engines alone…remember, Sisters and Brothers, we know of only one spacecraft that was spotted by the Dominionists Clan.  You know there has to be several more from wherever they came from…
“I guess now is a good time for me to tell you all…I already have someone on the outside—”
“—Beeshmah,” someone threw out from the midst of the gathered families.  Several others were nodding their heads in consent.
Miriana, also, gave a quick nod as she continued.  “Well, now that the entire Clan was forced to evacuate to the caves, I guess we all had the opportunity to see who was missing and who was accounted for!  Beesh is very experienced and I trust that she’s gathering information on the aliens…she’ll fill us in when she comes back to the Settlements—”
“—If she comes back,” came a cynical retort from one of the female adult family members!
It stung the Councilor a bit to hear such a harsh tone, but, ultimately, Miriana had to concede the possibility that Beeshmah could very easily be apprehended by the visitors!  “If she returns…Yes, if she comes back with her report, the data and pictions she’ll have will only help the whole Clan; in knowing how to deal with the aliens!
“But there’s more to her mission…in fact, the main reason I sent Beesh out in the first place was to finish what my mother had started 20 years ago…”
There was that murmur again!
“Are you serious,” came the young and ambitious family member, Fuegon Sohill an Preun.  He glanced about the cave of the Housenn Thuall house with a tsk of annoyance!  “With respect, Councilor, that aging synthetic wouldn’t entertain the thought, even with the aliens here…He abandoned all of us just because we, humans, wouldn’t bow down to his philosophy of what society on cMaj should look like!”
“I hate to say, it, Sisters and Brothers, but I’m in concurrence with Fuegon on this point,” Filleppe admitted.  He said this with a shrug while looking at his wife, the Councilor; a resigned countenance about him.  It was no secret to her.  For he shared this doubt while in conference with the Dominionists Clan leader some weeks ago at their mastaba-hut.
After the two statements from her husband and young Fuegon, Councilor Housenn Thuall took some time to actually consider everyone else’s doubts.
“The three rogues are more likely to listen to him—have we forgotten that it was Number 4 that convinced the rogue synths to come to our Settlement 20 years ago?  We, humans, were the ones who rejected the peace overture; not them!
“But that is of antiquities, for all practical purposes.  It’s just our Housenn Thuall extended family in this cave, so I cannot in good conscience rule on this now, but if the majority within the rest of the Vestige Clan truly feels this way about utilizing Number 4, I cannot see how I could even proceed with my plan.
“Honestly, Sisters and Brothers, I don’t see how you can muster the strength to vote for forming a loose alliance with human chauvinists—who never came to our aid during a drought several years ago, nor when our Clan had that viral outbreak—yet, you are so adamantly against the one synthetic being that’s been by my mother’s side and has a philosophy of sharing the planet with everyone on cMaj…”
There were plenty of stern nods and shrugs from her extended family within the darkened cave from the statement the Councilor just made.  She was not happy to see that.  Indeed, to the point of turning from all of them—including her common law husband—grabbing her personal wicker bag and actually walked out of the cave and into cMaj’s night!  
A chorus of caution from the Housenn Thuall families tried pleading with Councilor Housenn Thuall to stay in the cave—for it had been mere minutes before that the aliens had just searched the area with their giant starship and whatever army they had on the ground!
Miriana did not care at that point…She was, now, beginning to see why synthetic humanoid Number 4 had abandoned humanity and lived out in cMaj’s wilderness.
CHAPTER Ten
Beeshmah scrambled quickly to Number 4’s cave with her bag-full of vegetation and a couple of containers that contained water from the nearest creek—she would have to treat the water by boiling it after getting back to 4’s cave, before she drank it, of course.  Though Number 4 had quite a few tools and equipment—most from Vestige’s crash site—Beeshmah would simply use her own portable torch to heat the water…
She was surprised to see that synthetic Number 4 was nowhere to be found upon her return to his cave!  A few days ago, Beeshmah had a breakthrough with the humanoid and he had agreed to venture back to the human settlements and attempt to negotiate with his fellow synthetics so they could join an unprecedent alliance of all-humans and all-synthetics coalition!
Of course, the arrival of the aliens, or the indigenous beings, was the catalyst for such lofty goals.  It, indeed, showed the desperation that the humans and even Number 4 had, regarding the aliens.  Whether or not the rogues shared the same desperation was yet to be seen…
She looked at his looming aircraft in the cave that Number 4 converted to a hangar.  During the past several days, Number 4 had been refitting the vehicle so that he could add several containers of water in the interior so that it would act as a barrier against the relatively low radiation from the cobbled vehicle.  This, of course, was for Beeshmah’s protection as he was getting ready to fly back to the human settlements, in the plateau region, with the young woman in the back of the airship.  Given that Number 4 was finished with that portion of the project, where in stars could he have gone?
Beeshmah fought the urge of assuming the worst:  that he was caught by the aliens and she had no way of knowing it!  But then she heard the tall humanoid as he was walking back into the residential section of the cave.
“I decided to see if I could visually scan for the aliens while you were gathering the last of your food,” Number 4 said.  
But Beeshmah noticed a tiny frown on the mechanical’s stylized face.  “Did something happen?”
“Actually, young Colonist, it was what didn’t happen…I know it was a bit of a risk, but I decided to trek back to your camping ground…and everything is intact!  Your arboreal vehicle, your tent…it was exactly as we left it days ago!”
The cave was silent as both thought on the matter.
“Why would the aliens ignore—bypass?—my camping site?  I don’t know about you, 4, but if I were on an alien planet and ran across one of the local’s camps, I would want to check it out…or, at least, take something for examination.  You and the settlements’ elders told us younger ones that is what advanced societies did in history.”
Number 4 was nodding, an inquisitive look still on his face.  “And that was, indeed, what often happened…from human history.  Perhaps just as aliens have alien technology and language, maybe their sense of curiosity is also alien to us?  Very intriguing.  Makes me wonder about all three of the Clans’ settlements…if the aliens have the same incurious attitude about them as they do for your campsite, perhaps your human sisters and brothers can return to their homes!  Assuming they’ve evacuated them, as I suspect they’ve done.  We can only guess since we don’t want to use frequency-tech and be spotted by the aliens.”
“Should we load up my land vehicle while we’re heading back to the Settlement?  Thanks to you, we have enough space in your aircraft now.”
That questioning face never left Number 4, as he nodded in affirmation to Beeshmah’s question.  “Absolutely.  As some of you humans say, it looks like we’ve lucked out!”
She looked at him with squinting, suspicious eyes.  “I thought most synthetics don’t believe in Luck.”
Number 4 began to load some equipment into his aircraft.  But he stopped for a second as he looked at Beeshmah.  “That’s just it; I do not…Could be a trap, but yet I am safely here, and I do not scan any lifeforms anywhere in this region—outside of the ecosystem, of course.”
Beeshmah had just finished loading her large wicker bag into the back of Number 4’s small aircraft and came back out of the craft, to make sure she had everything of hers from his cave.  “What do you think it means?”
Number 4 considered the situation further.  “It’s rare that I say this, Beeshmah:  I simply have no idea.”
CHAPTER Eleven
Two of cMaj’s moons were out that twilight of the day.  The biggest of the trio, Adarah—like the other two, rocky with some ice—dominated cMaj’s lightening sky and it shone so bright that it was almost a night-sun!  This was because it was the largest moon and the closest.  Waznii and Tau, the second moon and the smallest of the trio, respectively, were much smaller in the sky.  Though, Waznii was the first to dip below cMaj’s twilight horizon…all three were named by the humans via the then-Tribal vote many years prior; when the three Clans were still one Tribe of humans.  
Back then, the mighty computerable devices, called the portables—worn and carried by cMaj’s first generation of colonists—were a wealth of history and science.  They were still in working condition in Miriana’s mother’s days.  They helped provide some of the history of the Canis Major system that the humans, now, found themselves in.  That single Tribe of humans, then, voted on the names of the three moons, amongst many other subjects that the first generation of colonists had to deal with.  
Councilor Mirana Housenn Thuall was still a young woman when she inherited her mother’s personal portable.  Miriana remembered how all the portables were able to provide so much help to the humans when it came to learning how to settle cMaj.  From geology, agronomy, biology, chemistry, and countless more subjects—plus, there were the human scientists from Vestige!  Since the portables had expired many years before, and with no synthetic laborers on hand, it was another reason the humans found themselves back in the days of ancients, of sorts.  
Stranded on cMaj, yet the humans were originally from a high-functioning society…We are not primitive, was one of the mantras that all three Clans cited!  But, to Councilor Thuall, especially after seeing the attitudes about taking on Number 4 for help with the alien issue at hand, she began to think that the more generations pass from the original Vestige generational starship’s colonists, that, perhaps, the vestige of humans were, in fact, devolving!
Such thoughts were going through Councilor Housenn Thuall’s mind as she walked in the nascent daytime, while being cognizant that there was a new humanoid power in that region of the continent.  In the back of her mind, Miriana still kept an eye open for the antagonistic, rogue synthetic humanoids.  Which made no sense.  For it had been years since the height of the human-sythetics skirmishes on cMaj.  And now, with the far more advanced aliens, it was anachronistic to worry about such historic conflicts!  
It was well over an hour ago that the Councilor had walked out of the cave with her extended family—just after the very frightening experience of hiding in the cave as the aliens passed by with their starship and accompanying army; search-lights beaming and the loud sounds of advanced civilization poured from the very engines of the ship itself!
Yet one more reminder of homo sapiens’ lost standing in the universe.  For, just 70 years prior, that used to be the humans!
She decided to see if she could spot the aliens’ convoy in the twilight.  Though it had been just over an hour, Miriana figured she might be able to spot their lights at a distance, given the plateau region’s flat features in that sector of cMaj’s continent…
She took out her photovoltaic binoculars from her bag and surveyed the entire 360-degree horizon of the region…no lights, no aliens.
The Councilor, knowing she was taking a risk, then trekked her way back to the Vestige Clan’s settlement!  It had been about three weeks since the colonists from all three Clans had evacuated their respective settlements.  Well-before she even reached the permanent camp, she could see in the increasing daylight of cMaj that Clan Vestige’s settlement was untouched and vacant!  
Well, almost vacant…
“Caradoc…why in stars are you here,” Councilor Thuall asked the cMaj Clan leader!  She walked over to him briskly and embraced the medium-sized man!  They were right on the edge of Vestige Settlement’s camp.
A bit younger than her—in his 50s with cropped hair, a long beard, and loose-fitting body wrap, he was a cousin of Miriana from the Sohill side of the family.  That is, from her father’s lineage.  On a personal level, the two cousins had always gotten along well.  From a more socio-political point, the cMaj Clan were the first to break from the one-Tribe regime because they had agreed with Miriana’s mother about the human colonists making peace with the rogue synths!  The cMaji were allies of the Vestige Clan, in terms of the politics of the rogues.  But in tribal culture, they couldn’t be any further from each other in philosophy!
“I hope you don’t mind, Miri…I’m guessing your side of the clandom heard the aliens pass by as well?”
She made a playful, exhausted face; her cousin lightly laughed.
“My clan has been acting more like the Dominions lately, at least when it comes to Number 4…”
They slowly started walking toward the Settlement.  Caradoc reacted slightly surprised at his cousin’s remark.  The Councilor explained.
“Well, you know how it goes:  institutional memory of the Synthetic Rebellion!  Even when Lanay explains to everyone in our generation that Number 4 was the only synth who helped us on cMaj during the attack, everyone else just ignores her…and she’s the one who experienced it; not them!”
“They’re just scared, Miri.  You know the psychology of all that:  the arrival of these aliens just brings up deep animosity that’s been held in check for several years, since the rogue synths have been less of a threat to humans on cMaj…So, why is Number 4 integral to the alien issue?”
Both were inspecting the grounds and handmade buildings of Clan Vestige’s settlement.  Both to ensure there were no surprises from the aliens (or the rogue synthetics, for that matter), and inspecting for any signs of vandalism from the aliens.  
Miriana replied, “You also already know this, my friend…just like the three Clans were able to call a kind of truce and try to work together in some kind of way to deal with the visitors, I think we should do the same with 4!  Frankly, it’s not being neighborly, Caradoc; we need Number 4’s advanced intellect as a mechanical—especially since humans have lost all our portable devices!  Plus—”
“—all the synthetics are finally aging, and you want to get as much from all the mechanicals before we lose them all…like we did with the portables.”
Caradoc gave an impish look as they both continued their inspection, now walking deeper into the Vestige camping grounds.  
Councilor Housenn Thuall gave him a suspicious look before she went down another section of the Settlement.  “You’ve been spying on me!” she called out, knowing it was safe to do so, given she had already checked for the aliens with her binoculars and couldn’t see any signs of them.
Caradoc gave a soft chuckle as both, now, silently walked the Vestige Clan’s perimeters—ducking into various mastaba-huts, diving under communal structures’ outside counters, and cautiously checking every shadow…
After near 15 minutes, the two cousins found themselves on the same rugged pedestrian trail that was linked to a much larger path-system for the entire settlement.  There was more of the settlement for them to inspect, but they both came to the same, likely, conclusion.
“So,” Caradoc said, after converging on the same trail as the Councilor, “all three Clans have been hiding the caves and bluffs for nothing?”
Councilor Thuall, also, gave a confused look as she surveyed the camp.  “This is very odd.  Some of us in our caves researched some historical references about classic invasions back on Earth and some within Vestige…even with aliens, there are still some universal patterns of how advanced societies conduct themselves.  I’m seeing none of that –“
“So far,” Caradoc reminded her with one of his index fingers held up.  “We can’t let our guards down, Miri…this all could be some elaborate trap!”
Councilor Thuall gave her cousin a smirking and appraising look.  They both started walking down the trail, farther into Clan Vestige’s settlement.
“What amuses you, Cousin,” he asked with his own smile while they walked.  cMaj’s morning was much brighter by that point.
“Recently, Fillah accused me of sounding like a Dominion because I said that if the aliens prove to be nonindigenous, then we have every right to claim cMaj as ours…after your last statement, Caradoc, it seems that even the spiritually-minded Maji have been a bit affected with the arrival of the aliens!”
The cMaj Clan chief shrugged as they continued their walking inspection of the Settlement.  “I take issue of your premise—that any group of humanoids thinking they can actually own any biosphere or ecosystem is ridiculous, from our philosophy!  But that doesn’t mean we can’t be cautious with those who are enemies to us.
“Funny that we are talking about this, now…I was recently reading in one of the history books about a big schism among citizens within the Old Ship, Vestige…It was about 20 years before the Synthetics Rebellion!  It was a large political movement within Vestige.  A group that had a philosophy very similar to that of the Dominionists of today!  
“They felt that humans should have split up our population and scatter homo sapiens all over for the explicit purpose of dominating whatever galaxy we found ourselves in—as in, some going toward this galaxy, others going to that galaxy, while others went…here; the Canis Major system!”
Councilor Thuall gave him a questioning look.  “Very interesting!  I don’t think I’ve ever heard or read about this before.  So, whatever happened to these proto-Dominionists?”
A shrug from Caradoc.  “Well, there was a relatively small group of citizens that actually ventured out from Vestige to try that nonsense of a philosophy!  They commandeered a fairly big ship, called the Vasculum Fugae…no one has ever heard from them since!  My point is, Cousin, if we aren’t careful, that could be any of us, today!  We should not let our enemies control our emotions so much to the point that we react in a rash way!”
“How do we know that the aliens are enemies?  Did any of the Clans—or the rogue synths, for that matter!—try to reach out and communicate with them?”
It was a concept that the cMaj clan leader had not thought about before!  He gave an approving nod.  
Before splitting up and searching the rest of Vestige Clan’s settlement, they both stopped walking for a bit.  Neither said anything for a while as each looked about the emptied, sprawling permanent camp.  Some of the handmade edifices were relatively sophisticated for being constructed with the limited tools available to the Vestigians—mostly crafted of cMaj’s cemented soils and rocks with water from nearby ponds and streams.  In some cases, wood from the continent’s small species of trees were used.  Still other buildings were simple mastaba in profile.  A few others were built specifically for schools for the Clan’s children at various age-levels…
“This is so…irregular,” Caradoc finally said, his eyes resting on one of the communal buildings.
“You mean the quiet?”
“And the emptiness of it all…Do you think we should all remain in the caves?  I’ve already checked cMaj’s settlement.  Just like with your village; emptied and no signs of tampering by the aliens!”
Councilor Housenn Thuall took another comprehensive look at the settlement as she sighed.  “I would say, yes…you said it yourself:  we can’t let our guards down!  I will say this:  given what we’ve seen how these aliens left our villages untouched, it only reinforces what I’ve been telling everyone about the acute need for us, humans, to form an alliance with all the synthetics!
“Because our visitors are very unpredictable, Caradoc.  We already knew they’re highly advanced in technology and, therefore, science…”  Miriana shook her head while jutting her chin out to indicate the Settlement.  “This…all this unpredictable pattern—I’m assuming if they’ve left our camps alone, they probably did so with the Dominionists’ as well.  We need the synth’s more for their intellect than their physical engineering with the aliens.  Especially Number 4—he’s got the experience of being a kind of ambassador, and his internal actuary programming is biased for it.”
Caradoc frowned.  “Biased for what, Councilor?”
Miriana thought for a few seconds as they walked.  “Peace…”
The two finally walked up to the next section of the Vestige Clan’s camp.  Not much different from the other section they just left.  Just a bit more isolated.  Construction of a couple of new handmade buildings were underway—interrupted by news of the aliens’ arrival.
Caradoc nodded at the Councilor’s last statement.  They both stopped just before entering the next section of the village.
Caradoc looked upon his cousin with a warning expression.  “Well, Cousin, I hope you are right about Number 4.  My question is:  What if our visitors aren’t feeling particularly peaceful?”
CHAPTER Twelve
It was the first time in Beeshmah’s life that she had flown, and in this case as a passenger!  Her stomach felt queasy whenever synthetic laborer Number 4’s homemade aircraft dipped and rose up while the humanoid piloted the rocket-shaped vehicle just a few meters above cMaj’s surface!  This was to avoid being detected by the aliens.  Outside of flying his aircraft, Number 4 kept all other communicative and other electro-tech appliances off, just to make sure those could not be captured by the aliens.
They were well-beyond the savanna region at that point and entering the plateaus sector of that portion of the continent, where all the humans resided.  This would serve as a good cover for Number 4’s craft, as the mountainous plateaus and spires of rock formations blocked a great deal of signals and communications.
As Number 4 and Beeshmah got closer to the wide swath of the plateaus where the three human clans anchored their civilization, Beeshmah could see from the back of the ship, and through 4’s dash-console window, various geological structures zoom by—natural archways, columns of rock-edifices, vertical walls of canyon-like plateaus…since Number 4 did not see any utilitarian need to install windows in the back of his aircraft, Beeshmah could only look out of his console; obviously in the anterior of the medium-sized airship.  She assumed the synthetic had gotten the window from some vehicle’s carcass at starship Vestige crash site, but she didn’t want to ask and distract the humanoid while he flew the vehicle.
From the back of the elongated craft, Beeshmah could hear the high-pitched droning sound of the aircraft’s ring of metal buzzing around at an incredible 600 revolutions for every minute!  This, according to Number 4, before they left his lair, closer to the savanna region.  The vertical ring at the center of the rocket-like fuselage of the craft was what had powered the small ship via some nuclear sources that Number 4 tethered to the spinning ring to generate incredible amounts of energy!  
Again, Beeshmah had questions about any side effects from those nuclear sources—which, of course, 4 had retrieved from Vestige’s crash site.  But those curiosities would have to wait until another day…
It took almost another hour before the duo finally reached the general area of the Clandoms.  Number 4 took care to park his craft within a ridge that was wide enough for it to fit yet camouflaged by the geological structures surrounding it.
Beeshmah took out her voltaic binoculars from her bag and began to scan the whole area, looking for any signs of the aliens.  Number 4 had already done so, but one could not tell just by looking at him—he quietly used his advanced visual actuator systems.  Nevertheless, even synthetic humanoids can still miss somethings.  It was always better to have two sets of eyes on the lookout than one!  Plus, in addition to visual inspections, Number 4 scanned the area with various filters and found nothing out of the ordinary.
After making sure that his vehicle was sufficiently hidden and Beeshmah secured her wooden land vehicle at a nearby crevice, Number 4 and the human specialist started to walk toward the general area of the caves and bluffs where all three of the Clans had their temporary encampments.  If the two were wrong about the humans escaping to those particular caves, due to the aliens, they could always simply reroute and trek toward the Settlements.  No one wanted to risk sending out any frequency comms and be spotted by the aliens, so there was a lot of walking and guesswork involved!
Both were startled when out of nowhere, four aircrafts popped up from behind a section of hills, not far from where synthetic Number 4 had landed his skycraft!  
The largest of the four belonged to the Dominionists Clan—an irregular-shaped affair with a horizontally protruding fuselage sticking out several yards above the main body of the stubby aircraft.  Similar to Number 4’s external ring of metal that rotated for nuclear energy, the protrusion of the Dominions’ vehicle served as a miniature nuclear fusion chamber.  The main body of the aircraft was big enough to seat two passengers plus the pilot, and there was a little room for storage.
One of the other aircrafts, belonging to the Maji, was a cobbled, roundish vehicle just big enough for a pilot and a little storage.  On the port and starboard were a bundle of long cylinders that truncated at the ends…both sets of tubes spun furiously and made undulating humming sounds!  That was the cMaj Clan’s approach to harnessing energy from whatever pieces of debris they retrieved from the mothership’s crash site.  
The two remaining vehicles were of the Vestige Clan…the two crafts were big enough for only a single-seater and had their two engines on either side of the vehicles.  Given they were so small, the Vestigians’ aircrafts did not require some oddly-placed attachment for harnessing their nuclear source.  It was simply stashed away in some compartment of the craft.  However, a disadvantage was not having any extra room for carrying loads—an extra passenger or badly needed vegetation for food was not an option!  The Vestigians’ advantage was having two aircrafts—being able to have control of cMaj’s skies in two different places at the same time had its own advantages…
After all four aircrafts landed and their respective hatches opened, members from all three clans exited their vehicles, six, in total—some laughing at the startled reaction of not only Beeshmah, but even the synthetic being next to her!  With the exception of the more spiritualistic cMaji colonist among them, all were brandishing the most updated weapons that humans could engineer at that time…projectile-shooters:  from heavy, dense arrows to menacing rocks, all those sporting a weapon had such projectile-shooters!  This was in addition to several classic hand-held weapons—daggers and sharpened stones!  All crafted from cMaj’s ecosystem, which was one of the advantages of humans living and flourishing on a living planet.
“It worked,” Maajida an Preun declared with her hands raised in the air as she and her cohorts walked out of the largest airship in the gathering.  She was the leader of the three-person team from the Dominionists Clan.
By that time, everyone had gathered near Number 4 and Beeshmah.  Both had relieved faces after seeing that it was humans and not the aliens—or indigenous beings!
“So, 4…how would you rank our cloaking frequency,” asked the younger sister of Maajida, Edriel an Preun.  She gave a hardy slap on one of the shoulders to their male counterpart in the mission, standing nearby.  “Laray’s credit!  He found the transmission equipment out in the crash site months ago!”
The clean-shaven Dominion gave a proud nod.  He was a Salomenes—cousin to Beeshmah!  But the differences between the Clans was such that they might as well had not been related.  “Yeah, and I’ve got the radiation burns to prove it!”
A small round of laughter from the human chauvinists group.  The two Vestigians specialists standing nearby and the lone cMaji, all, glanced about uncomfortably.  Apparently, they seemed to have shared the same sentiment as Beeshmah and synthetic Number 4 of the Dominionists Clan, in general!  But all kept their opinions to themselves. 
“We weren’t exactly sure how well it worked outside our own testing,” Laray explained, a bit more sober at that point.  “But, obviously, it does!”  He jutted his bald head toward the Maji and the two Vestigians.  “Shared the frequency with the other Clans…those aliens maybe superior to us, but we, humans, still have the home advantage!”
“If it were a squad of them, we would’ve had them all flaired out by now,” Maajida stated forcefully.  
“Provided that all there would’ve been was a small number of them,” Ghalen, the Maji, pointed out.  cMaj’s constant strong winds were whipping around the gathering, causing his long, matted hair and body wrap to flutter.  “Don’t get me wrong, I give your Clan credit for developing this cloaking frequency, Maajida.  I’m simply saying it’s a good defensive tool against the aliens…plus, we still need to figure out how to keep the signal strong enough for almost 300 colonists!”
Number 4 looked on with fascination of how humans communicated amongst themselves and how they were handling taking on the aliens!  It had been a while since the humanoid spent much time around homo sapiens!
“So, it seems that you humans have patched things up since I’ve been away,” Number 4 asked.  And just as soon as he finished his question, he could already see the shaking of heads by some, including Beeshmah.
“I’m assuming you all held an all-Clan council since I was on my mission, and voted to become allies,” Beeshmah asked her fellow humans.  “At least, until we get the alien situation figured out…”
“Indeed,” Shimon Thuall, one of the two Vestigians, responded.  He was one of Councilor Miriana Housenn Thuall’s grandchildren.  The 20-something continuously looked around the surrounding area, apparently a bit on the paranoid side when it came to the aliens.  Tracking signals and photovoltaic binoculars be damned!  “Just logic, Beesh…now that the humans have done our part, we just need Number 4 to do his and convince the rogues that it’s in their interest to join in the alliance!”
The young Thuall gave an affirmative nod toward Number 4 with a smile, which was returned with silent nod by the synthetic.  The Housenn Thuall families were all good friends with Number 4, since he had always been at the side of their progenitor, Tyra Housenn Sohill.
“It is truly good to see you again, my friend,” Shimon stated.
“And you are a young man now, Shimon!  In fact, I remember some of you when you were but children…Even we, synthetics, can lose track of how much time goes by!”  
Everyone in the knot of humans laughed at Number 4’s response!
“Speaking of which,” Number 4 continued, “to save time, you won’t have to worry about facilitating me…I’m assuming you’ve all taken to seek refuge in these caves?  It was a guess on our part.”
“Correct, Number 4,” Valda Housenn Salomenes, the other Vestigian in the group, responded.
“Good,” he responded with a nod and looked back and forth between Beeshmah and the rest of the humans.  “You’ve completed your mission, Beeshmah.  I hope that Shimon and Valda relay to Councilor Housenn Thuall that you’ve done brave work…I’m not exactly sure where the other synthetics are, but I have been tracking their travel-history over the years.  
“I think you make a good point, Shimon, when you say the humans have, at least, formed a loose alliance.  When the rogue synthetics hear from me that you’ve all done this, it makes it more likely that the synths will be more willing to join the alliance.  Of course, it’s not guaranteed, but more likely.”
“With the flight-capability they have now, for all we know they could’ve left this continent,” Laray stated, as he, too, glanced about the area, looking out for the aliens.
The five other humans all nodded at Laray’s point.
“How will you find them if you can’t risk using your scanning abilities and be tracked by the aliens,” Ghalen, the oldest of the group, asked.  “We don’t even know if they’re truly alien!  Perhaps the continent we’re on is just sparsely populated with their species…there could be millions upon millions of them on the other continents!”
A small chorus from the small group of humans.  Even Beeshmah was looking concerned!
“Or,” Maajida input, “it could be millions of them on the other side of this continent, where we, humans, have not been to yet!”
“That, I can tell you is not the case,” synthetic Number 4 quickly expressed before the tiny crowd could react to Maajida’s comment.  Everyone went quiet.  “My aircraft is sturdy enough that I was able to traverse this continent a couple of times, before we knew about the aliens…in both situations, I absolutely did not see any signs of the aliens nor the aliens themselves…from what I saw with my own eyes and scans, cMaj is pretty much the same as the plains regions, the savannas, and the plateau areas here!  This continent is pretty consistent, and I saw no signs of any other civilizations, Colonists…”
Number 4’s last statement left the humans in deep thought.  All were quietly thinking on the implications before Edriel, one of the Dominions, spoke up.
“Well, that seems to suggest that the visitors are aliens!”
More nods from the humans.
“I cannot state that certifiably,” Number 4 said, his eyes going to all six humans.  “I have not been able to fly to any of the other continents, yet.  Before Beeshmah went out looking for me, that was the next project I was about to work on…”
There were silent nods from the homo sapiens.
Number 4 could see that Maajida had a thought.  He gave a slight nod toward her, indicating that he was listening.
“I think you need us to go with you!”
“—What?”
“—We never said anything about that!”
“—I was just thinking about that!”
“Colonists,” Number 4 said, his voiced raised a bit to get their attention, as was one of his hands; his face having a slight condescending look to it, “I much appreciate your fervent effort in protecting the Clans—and even me.  But I am more than capable of handling this mission on my own…In fact, and I say this without malice, but having others with me would most likely slow me –”
“You mean, like how you didn’t spot us behind that hill, with our frequency-camouflage,” Edriel put to him curtly!
All went quiet, but most of the humans were looking at the synthetic with grins and knowing looks!  Indeed, the advanced synthetic humanoid had no reply to the young woman’s comment!
“Colonists,” Beeshmah came in, partially to help her friend; partially due to more practical concerns, “you realize that with the exception of the aliens and the rogue synths, every flying vehicle within cMaj is concentrated right here!  We all go with Number 4 on this quest, we leave all three Clans without an air-defense!  Besides, I don’t think our vehicles are cobbled together as well as Number 4 did with his craft.”
Consent was heard from the other five humans.
“But,” Beeshmah came back in, holding up an index finger, “I have to admit, Edriel has a point, 4…not trying to be disrespectful, here, but it’s been 70 years since the Synthetic Rebellion that’s left you and the other synths marooned here, my friend!  Plus, you think I didn’t notice that you have a little pitting on your epidermal surface from radiation exposure?”  
All eyes went to Number 4.  Even the mighty synthetic humanoid subconsciously glanced at his aging hands and wrists.  Beeshmah went on.
“There was pressure to obtain flight-power after you found out that the rogues started building their own air vehicle almost a year ago.  And you beat them to it, 4!  I understand.  I’m just saying a little help might be in order here…”
Silence, as the laborer synthetic man considered the human’s words.  cMaj’s winds did more than enough to fill the void!
“If your chief agrees to it, only the Dominionists Clan’s aircraft should go,” Number 4 finally said.  “I’ve seen all of your aircrafts in action—from a distance in previous times…theirs is the most capable and has the most spare room, should we need it for an emergency.  The three other vehicles must stay behind to guard the Settlements…
“Plus…”  Number 4 looked at the humans around him.  “I’d like for specialist Beeshmah to go with me.  She’s proven herself on this mission.  That is, if you don’t mind?”
Beeshmah was beaming!  “Not at all, 4!  I’ll just have to clear it with the Councilor, if you don’t mind waiting one more day before heading out?  The Dominionists’ ship carries three…had anyone else in mind?”
Number 4 was already nodding.  “And if you don’t mind, Maajida, since you’re already the leader of your team—and it’s your Clan’s ship, and Laray—you showed bravery by going out to the crash site and risk radiation poisoning.  Though I highly recommend you never go out there again, for your sake.  You also figured out how to utilize the frequency-camouflager…there’s my mission team.  
“Now, I suggest you all go back to your respective Clans.  Beeshmah, Maajida, and Laray, let’s plan to meet here on the darkest side of the morrow; at the time of Three.”
Some from the group of six humans waved their bidding to Number 4 as they trekked their way toward the caves and bluffs.  Before they did, a couple of the colonists checked the region with their solar voltaic binoculars for any aliens…aside from the six that were there, plus the synthetic humanoid, there were none to be seen.
CHAPTER Thirteen
Miriana couldn’t help herself from continuously looking over her shoulders, or peer at cMaj’s horizon while she was casually walking the perimeters of Lake Thuall…like with most Colonists she had noticed lately, the Councilor was becoming more paranoid about the presence of the aliens!  But if it kept one safe and alive from said threat, was it being paranoid?
She had decided to go for one of her long walks, feeling a bit safer; knowing that, for whatever reason, the aliens had no interests in any of the Settlements.  Of course, as many other Colonists had mentioned amongst themselves in conversations, that simply could be because the inhabitants weren’t in the Settlement at the time the aliens approached them since all the humans took refuge in some of cMaj’s caves and bluffs!
Also, as a precaution, she took along her photovoltaic binoculars and even a smaller version of a projectile-shooter.  Both of which the Councilor kept in her small carrying bag, along with her rebuilt comm-device.  Like many of the other Colonists, Miriana kept that bag tethered to her waist, via a strong, flexible switch from a young tree serving as her belt around her body wrap.
Whenever any of them would venture to the Lake, Miriana and most of the Colonists made sure to maintain several yards from the actual shoreline of Lake Thuall because of the sentient sands…that slow, ever-changing beach of living sand organism!  The behavior of the sand was very similar to the once-thriving bird populations on the defunct starship of Vestige, especially during flight.  Except that the sentient sand glacially moved in sync, and in a group-movement!  
The sentientness of the sand was wonderful for photovoltaic technology on cMaj because of their neural connections, but also a source of controversy within the human population on the continent.  For it did not sit well with the Maji population that humans were smelting down the sand for purposes of star energy and glass, and in doing so with the knowledge that the sand was a living organism!  It was one of the big issues that the cMaji parted ways from the then-single Tribe system that the humans used to be organized under.  That, and, of course, the issue of the humans refusing to agree with working out a peace deal between the humans and the rogue synthetics.
How ironic, Councilor Thuall thought to herself, that the very indigenous, sentient organism on cMaj—at least, in that part of the continent—no one cared enough about it to the point where humans would not utilize the organism.  But with the arrival of the visiting aliens, the humans felt threatened by them.
More poetry from the Universe…
cMaj’s wind was particularly strong that day!  The waves from Lake Thuall were lapping against that living shoreline that Miriana was so fond of, and the relatively small clumps of trees arcing parts of the Lake were pushed in the wind’s trajectory.  The howl of the wind had almost temporarily deafened the elderly woman as she kept walking around the entire lake for the day…
She needed that alone time to think.  Think more on what the aliens’ next moves could be.  Think about if it was a good idea to let young-Beeshmah go on a continental mission on a new flying machine that was not completely proven—and with a couple of Dominions, yet!  Think about how to sustainably send out members of her Colony to gather vegetative foods and water while they continued their refuge in the caves, and what latent effects of such living conditions could have on the Clansfolk –
A sudden burst of frequency-interference came from her comm-device!
Councilor Thuall barely caught it, at first, given the high winds that day!  She reflexively snatched her small bag from her waist and furiously opened the bag to get her device.  Miriana had to cover one of her ears with a freehand so she could hear better while she placed the comm-device to the other ear…
At first, she thought she was having trouble with her device.  She pulled it from her listening ear and examined the piece—in working order.  But why was she receiving audio only?  It was an option that was rarely used by most Colonists.  In fact, the internal frequency-network that the Clan used—specific to their comm-devices, only!—was not a good quality in sound.  It was more as a backup, should, for some reason, their higher frequency transmission went down.
She, then, placed the small, cobbled vintage technology back to her ear.  It was not a malfunction of her comm nor of the connection…it was then that Councilor Housenn Thuall realized that she was picking up a transmission from the visitors!
CHAPTER Fourteen
Filleppe and Councilor Thuall, both, agreed that she would not share her recording that she had made of the transmission from the aliens while out on Lake Thuall earlier that day!  To ensure total privacy, and without being outside and risk being tracked by the aliens, they both agreed to quietly venture back to their mastaba-hut so they could play Miriana’s recording.  They knew that some, within the Vestige Clan, would object to this, since the Councilor had ordered that every colonist from their clan had to evacuate the Settlement and find refuge from the aliens either out in the relatively nearby caves or the bluffs…or, as Filleppe rationalized it:  it was for an executive reason for breaking her own rule for the rest of the Clan.
She and her common law husband both listened to the recording that Miriana replayed, several times!  Letting the rest, or even some, within the Vestige Clan know about the transmission would only muddle things for their situation.  No doubt in Miriana’s and Filleppe’s minds, there would be several of their Clansfolk leaving the caves and trying to track down the aliens themselves!  And it was definitely outside the thought of sharing it with the two other Clans…
The recording lasted about 20 minutes, before she lost the signal, from when she was at the Lake.  The couple were not used to hearing communications that was so static-laden, even by cMaj’s standards!  But there was no mistaking it, deep within the fluctuating and high-pitched noise, they, both, could hear voice!  It was impossible to understand, given how faint the voices were and how much frequency disruption had covered those voices.  Had synthetic Number 4 been there, he would have been very likely able to record off her recording and played it back with enhancements!
A jab of regret for letting Number 4 and specialist Beeshmah go on that mission to find the three rogue synths!
“No other way of boosting this recording,” the Councilor asked her husband.  They were both seated at the common area’s wicker table, hunched over as they listened.
Filleppe gave some thought before responding.  “You could zip this to my comm, but all I would be able to do is the same thing you can on your device, Miri…as the old saying goes:  These ain’t the Glory Days of Vestige!”
“We need Number 4 to clean this up for us!  He may even be able to interpret some of what the aliens are saying—based on speech patterns and all that…”  Miriana, then, fell back into the backing of the wicker chair that she was seated on, blowing a frustrated sigh.
The recording was played several more times…  It was well into the night by the last time they played the recording for the night.
“…the only thing I got is some kind of cadence,” Filleppe finally said after a stretch of silence after the last play of the recording.  “No surprise…every culture has a cadence when we communicate.  Even without Number 4 to help us right now, Miri, did you get anything from all this?”
She thought for a while.  She was sleepy but determined through the night working with the audio-puzzle with her husband.  “At first, it seemed like an open channel—like two different people—beings, talking amongst themselves.  But…it could’ve just been one.”  Miriana shook her head for lack of understanding.
“Hate to ask after a couple of hours of this, but any chance we simply stumbled across a frequency from the Dominions or the Maji?  Maybe even the rogues?”
Again, the Councilor shook her head.  “I don’t think so…I’ve ran across some of their private frequencies before while on my walks before news of the visitors—and I mean the other Clans and the rogues.  None of them sound like this, Fill!  The Clans’ are simply signal-blocking where nothing goes through, while the rogue synths’ signals are some weird mixture of high and low frequencies—to throw off Number 4, would be my guess.”
Filleppe nodded at her observations.
“Let’s just sit on this until 4 gets back, Fill.”
“Acknowledged,” he simply replied.  “Just to be safe, did you want to zip it to my comm so we have a backup?  Too important to risk losing the recording should something happen to your device.”
Without saying a word, Miriana took her comm, dialed some commands on the older interface, and pointed her comm toward his.  It took a few seconds, but Filleppe was able to read his comm’s monitor and saw that the sharing was successful.  He nodded his head upon completion.
“Please be careful with that, Fill…the Clans are already scared.  We don’t want them to start spreading rumors of an invasion because of a recording they can’t understand!”
He looked at his wife and his Councilor with a questioning face.  “We’ve listened to it for two hours and we don’t understand it…how do we know it’s not an invasion plan?”
Miriana quietly nodded her head in acknowledging Filleppe’s point.  “That’s why we need to stay in the caves and bluffs.  And I hope Number 4 and his team are quick with finding and convincing the rogues to join our alliance!”
CHAPTER Fifteen
Number 4’s and the Dominionists Clan’s aircraft had been flying for a week.  It was around mid-day in the immediate region that Number 4’s team was flying in.  The team of three humans and one aging synthetic humanoid stopped only for the humans to refresh themselves, and even that was just a few times.  It was not lost on the humans that Number 4 was actually right when he said that having others go with him (i.e., humans) would only slow him down.  Otherwise, the humans took shifts in flying the Dominionists’ craft while the other two slept, ate, or simply rest.  That way, the airship could continue flying virtually nonstop.  And when the two-vehicle team did stop for a short while, they all made sure to scan for any signs of the aliens along with looking for their targeted objective, the rogue synthetics.  
As the team got further to the east on the continent, and several hundreds of miles from the starship Vestige crash site and the human Settlements not too far from it, cMaj’s landscape change a fair amount—the arid lands transformed to verdant flatlands with scores of small lakes and ponds dotting various sections of the region.  There were some moderate mountains as well, but not quite as large as the plateaus of the humans’ home-region.  Otherwise, as Number 4 told the small knot of humans a week prior, cMaj’s ecosystem was mostly consistent.
The team made sure not to communicate via their frequencies on their comm devices.  Again, in order to avoid attracting the attention of the visitors.  Number 4 had communicated with the three humans when the team had done their rest-stops for the Colonists.  Whatever else the humans needed or wanted to tell the synthetic would have to wait until their next rest-stop.
The team flew their two hodgepodged vehicles at low altitudes—avoiding detection from the aliens.  The use of the camouflaging frequency emitter worked better for things and people when they were not in motion.  But, as with any other signals, if said items were mobile and using the frequency-camouflager, detection was still more of a possibility.  So, though both aircrafts were using the camouflager, they still had to exercise precaution.  
The team still was not sure how much presence the alien species was on the continent, even this far into the mission while looking for the rogue synths.  As Number 4 told the young humans, he had not seen anything to indicate any advanced civilizations dwelling on the continent.  
But Ghalen, the cMaji of the small group from the week prior, made a good point:  it was possible that the continent they were on was simply a lightly populated portion of the planet of cMaj.  The two times Number 4 had traversed the continent did not necessarily mean an alien society was not there.  Though, logic seemed to suggest Number 4 was right.
The humans were right about one major point:  Number 4 did not anticipate their frequency-camouflager.  So, what about a far more advanced alien species’ capability?  It was certainly possible that the visitors could have been using their own camouflaging transmission and the team not know it!  
Beeshmah, however, made a very poignant observation during one of the team’s break from flying and they all converged for an impromptu meeting:  earlier in her hunt for Number 4—when the synthetic had rescued her from the encroaching aliens at that time—they did not bother using any kind of blocking or camouflaging technology then.  So, as one followed the logic, why would the aliens decide to use such transmission now just because they were on the other side of the continent?  
Also, would not an alien force, upon arriving on a new planet, be more cautious about their approach to said planet?  This was Number 4’s observation…Laray’s response was, also, very poignant:  the visiting aliens’ behavior almost seemed as if they felt at home and did not have to worry about whether or not any other species had seen them!  This was, yet, one more point that seemed to indicate that the so-called aliens might have been indigenous after all!
Just as Councilor Housenn Thuall said to the cMaj leader, many days previously and separately from Number 4’s team, the aliens were, indeed, very unpredictable!  And, hence, more dangerous…
On one of the droning days of flight, both aircrafts picked up two signals approximately two miles ahead of the team!  The detecting technology used aboard both aircraft were from separate, defunct machines from the Vestige crash site but very much in working order!
Without using their comms, Number 4 and Beeshmah—as it happened to be her shift to fly—automatically halted their respective vehicles and quickly maneuvered them behind the closest clump of trees they could find in the semi-mountainous region!  
The two aircraft were several yards from each other’s hiding place.  Number 4 and Beeshmah quickly turned off every system within their own vehicle, to ensure no risk of detection.  The only exception was the aircraft’s frequency-camouflager!  At that point, it was all about visually detecting whatever the two blips were!  Beeshmah, Maajida, and Laray all went into a nervous silent mode in the eerie quiet of the Dominionists aircraft…even out in the eastern portion of the continent cMaj’s winds howled and shook the parked aircrafts within the small gathering of trees!
It was times like these that it was actually a disadvantage in being a synthetic being.   For Number 4’s cybernetic genetics and actuator systems could also be detected, depending on how detailed another being’s scanning was!  The humans, inherently, did not have this problem, given their biological makeup.  The only protection Number 4 had at that time was his vehicle’s shielding from the camouflage emitter!
The Dominionists vehicle creaked under the buffering of the winds.  That creaking, the trees’ limbs scratching against the exterior of the aircraft, and the wind were the only things making any sound…except for the nervous breathing of the humans!  They couldn’t even tell how big the two targets were, given the somewhat primitive detection system they were using before Beeshmah had to quickly turn everything off.
Two miles was a short distance for any flying machine, so Number 4 and the humans knew it would be just seconds before the two entities would pass them.  Perhaps 100 yards or so.  But, again, when dealing with the speed of flying vehicles, yards would take only seconds to traverse!
Number 4 would have usually used his visual-enhancers to get a closer look at a distant object.  But those, too, posed a risk of detection.  So, he had to look with his synthetic eyes the same way that that humans had to…it was a very rare occasion when Number 4 felt so vulnerable!  He pitied humans, at that quiet moment, for all their inherent vulnerabilities.
Then, about one minute later, two figures flashed over the immediate horizon, the direction where Number 4’s team was heading!  The objects blurred by and went westward…the phenomenon was a bit too quick for the humans, but not for Number 4!
Without warning, the humans were able to see through the Dominionists vehicle’s cockpit that Number 4 had re-engaged his spinning metallic ring and his aircraft swiftly shot up from his grouping of trees and the craft bolted in the same direction as the two targets!
“What in stars is he doing,” Maajida bit out as she threw herself back into her seat and buckled into it!
“Comm him,” Laray insisted from his own seat as he, too, snapped on his restrainer.
“Aliens, Laray,” Beeshmah reminded him as she began to revive their ship!  “Besides…it’s them!”
The two Dominions thought hard for a bit while Beeshmah maneuvered the odd-looking airship from their hiding place and quickly advanced the ship to follow Number 4’s craft!  Not surprisingly, none of the humans’ airships were cobbled together as well as Number 4’s.  So, the humans took a little while before they began to catch up with Number 4’s vehicle.
“You mean the rogues,” Maajida asked as she craned, trying see beyond their cockpit.
“Why are there only two,” Laray noted as he looked on nervously.
Beeshmah was already shaking her head, keeping her eyes on the situation ahead of them.  “I don’t know…hope nothing happened to whichever is missing.  We need all three for our alliance against the aliens to work!”
“If they even agree to work with us,” Maajida pointed out.  
Laray subconsciously nodded in response.  Beeshmah did not bother to reply…
Laborer synthetic Number 4 was able to surpass the two jetting synthetic humanoids with his airship—shooting above them while actually increasing his speed so he would have enough time to turn his vehicle around and cut them off, should they decide to split up and make it harder for their predators to hunt them…for, the rogues were not in official contact with the humans nor Number 4, so it was not known within the team if the rogue synths knew about the airships built by the three Clans and Number 4.
Knowing this, plus keeping in mind about not using his comm to avoid detection from the aliens, Number 4 quickly flashed his craft’s forward lights in a code that was, more or less, universally understood as, I come in peace.
It worked!  The two artificial humanoids immediately slowed down before they came to a complete halt, hovering above cMaj’s ground before finally landing on their feet.  Their built-in rockets, designed just like Number 4’s, quickly disengaged and disconnected as single units and furled into each rogue synth’s upper-back; between the shoulder blades.  
All four synthetics on cMaj made a point to fabricate their body wraps so that a slit ran vertically on the upper-back side, to accommodate their small portable rockets.  The rogues had adapted many years ago to wearing their body wraps to be closer-fitting—much easier to fly around in via their jet units, than the more loose-fitting wraps that humans wore on cMaj.
Beeshmah had landed the Dominionists airship nearby.  After a truncated discussion, all three humans decided to stay inside the vehicle, to give a bit of space for the synthetics to talk amongst themselves.  It had been, perhaps, several years since Number 4 had talked with any of the other three synths.  
In that, the synthetic humanoids were similar with humans, from a psychological viewpoint.  What was not similar was what the three humans observed as they watched the trio of synths:  The two rogues were standing closer to each other and Number 4 was slightly distant from them…they formed a silent, tiny statuary.  None of them verbalizing any of their conversation!
Beeshmah, Maajida, and Laray thought that the synthetics had suffered some technical problems!  But then all three remembered that, as artificial beings, the synths did not need to talk.  They did that while in the presence of humans, for the humans, so they could communicate with the synths.  And, so long as they stood close to each other, their internal signals only went out a few inches and could not be tracked by the aliens.
Beeshmah didn’t care how Number 4 conferenced with the rogues.  She just hoped that the very last synthetic laborers that had helped conspire to destroy the Mothership, Vestige, just over 70 years ago, could be trusted in a coalition against a new and far more advanced enemy.  If, indeed, the aliens proved to be such.
In the meantime, the other trio—the humans—decided to take advantage of the time and relaxed or slept in their seats within the Dominionists aircraft.
CHAPTER Sixteen
It had been about two weeks since Vestige Clan members Valda Housenn Salomenes and Shimon Thuall had seen synthetic Number 4, when they and a few other humans were on the watch for the aliens.  Since then, they had been conducting their duty as sentries.  
The two Vestigians were given a good amount of autonomy for how they decided to conduct their surveillance, per Councilor Miriana Housenn Thuall.  They divided the cave-system and bluffs that the Vestige Clan had occupied into different sections between them, since they were the two clan members that fabricated the ships—along with Miriana’s son, Fillamon.  And because of that, Valda and Shimon mostly flew the two aircrafts that belonged to the Clan.  It was only until the Councilor had found out about the two small ships did the practice of guard duty become a part of the Clan’s more aggressive posture toward the alien issue.  As cMaj politics went, it was not quite aggressive enough for a faction within the Vestige Clan; Fuegon Sohill an Preun being the leader of that corner of the Clan.
Since all three clans had agreed to form a temporary alliance to tackle the alien issue, part of the agreement was that since Number 4 was using the Dominionists Clan’s airship on his mission, the Vestigians had to divvy their air-time with their two crafts with them.  Hence, Shimon and Valda would spend alternating days over in the Dominionists’ section, patrolling while the other guarded Vestige’s turf.  
Shimon and Valda also taught a few of the Dominions how to fly their airships.  Rhett, chief of the Dominionists Clan, insisted that his people have free access to the Vestigian ships as part of the deal.  Councilor Thuall felt it was going too far, but she made the agreement with the Dominions for the sake of keeping the fragile alliance intact!
Since the Maji had their own, though small, aircraft, they did not need to make such agreement with the Vestigians.
That particular night, it was Shimon, one of Miriana’s grandchildren, who was scheduled to do guard duties at the Dominionists’ refuge site.  On a personal aspect, he did not care for the clan!  Nor did the majority of the clan members from Vestige and cMaj.  But, since Shimon was a Thuall, it was a bit more personal since his grandmother was talked about quite rudely by Dominions, given the Vestige Clan was seen as a rival to the Dominionists.  Indeed, everyone noticed that the Dominions may have not shared anything with the Maji, but they did not excoriate them like they did the Vestigians.  And Miriana Housenn Thuall, especially.
Since the humans had developed the photovoltaic binoculars with the smelting of sentient sand and polishing the resulting glass so that it had visually magnifying properties, they were able to monitor event and locales when there weren’t enough leftover detectors from the Vestige crash site.  One of the features that Shimon wished they had was spectral observation.  That is, being able to see the landscape at night!  His generation had heard from the elders that the population within the Old Ship was able to do this, amongst a great deal of other highly advanced abilities!  All three moons were out, but the light reflected from them onto the surface of cMaj just was not enough for the humans to peer into the shadows of nighttime…
As he took sweeping looks of the region in the night with his binoculars, Shimon thought on such things.  Indeed, there were some among the younger generations from all three Clans that wondered if their ancestors on the historic Vestige starship were just as advanced as the aliens were!  
It felt so backwards to Shimon.  Indeed, to all the youngest of the humans:  that the ancestors of homo sapiens, even during deep history, were far more technologically advanced than the contemporary society they found themselves in!  Even Shimon and his generation knew that, generally speaking, throughout the history of humanity, humans were on a progressive arc of development—not just with technology, but of the human mindset and civilization.
That unfortunate word that his generation had inherited from the elders, Singularity, was responsible for the situation they all found themselves in at that moment.  There was a pang of regret from the young Thuall that his generation of humans could have been at a much more powerful stance against the aliens, had not the Synthetic Rebellion occurred…
Shimon, Valda, and the Dominions that they had trained to fly the two Vestige airships, learned to fly the vehicles at very low altitudes and even to park the crafts quickly within crevices of the plateaus—should the aliens unexpectedly pop up within the region.  It was just a few weeks ago when this happened, so the Clandoms wanted to make sure they were not caught off guard so badly as all three clans were that night!
But that particular night, it was quiet…a night of stasis, as much was possible on cMaj.  The winds of cMaj were about the only major event that was occurring!  And that was how Shimon preferred it.  
After taking another walkabout in the Dominionists refuge area, he went back to where he hid the parked Vestigian aircraft he was flying and sat on an outcrop close to the vehicle; a good place with back support so Shimon could relax.  He had trained himself to sleep on alternating cycles, for his sentry duties.  Nevertheless, the young Thuall drifted asleep under cMaj’s dark skies.
CHAPTER Seventeen
“Why is everyone gathering here...is there something wrong,” Councilor Thuall asked the group of young Vestigians.  
She was coming back to the cave system that the Housenn Thuall extended families refuged in from the aliens.  It was her turn, along with a few other family members, to gather vegetation for the families.  Miriana and Filleppe made it a point that they, also, participated in the gatherings just like any other family members.  From what she heard from one of her several specialists that spied and did various odd jobs for the Councilor, Chief Rhett of the Dominionists Clan left such mundane tasks to others in his clandom.
All the young ones, gathered at the mouth of the cave, turned to look at the Councilor as she approached and talked over one another excitedly!  One of them, Paul Salomenes Thuall, held up a comm device that belonged to one of the adults.
“Thanks to Gurna’s father, we finally have moving pictions of them, Councilor,” the teenager whispered harshly!  It was his way of being mindful of keeping his voice down in case the aliens were nearby…indeed, apparently, not so far off!
Miriana froze!
“You—you have what?”
“Animated pictions, Councilor,” came Gurna an Preun’s impatient voice.  She was part of the extended family by means of a new pairing of the an Preun and Housenn families.  “My father spotted them when he was out for the gathering earlier today!  He didn’t go to the Settlement, Councilor—honestly!  He just used his magnifier and recorded what he saw…please don’t be mad with him!”
She quickly sat her basket of vegetation and roots down and ran over to where the adolescents were.  She gave Gurna a hurried hug to let her understand that she was not crossed with her father.  She snatched the device from Paul’s hand, though the device belonged to Gurna’s father.  He was holding it out for her.  The vid was playing in a loop, so all the Councilor had to do was look upon the scratched-up monitor within the antique device.
“This was taken from our Settlement,” Miriana said aloud.  More to herself than to the young Vestigians surrounding her.  She watched with a mixture of anticipation, horror, and puzzlement…
It was a relatively clear piction of the Vestigian permanent campsite from a distance.  It was a bit on the shaky side, and one could hear Nascent Housenn an Preun, Gurna’s father, breathing nervously behind the footage!  And walking with an awkward gait, several beings were seen on the piction; treading all over the Settlement!
All were of the same profile:  Four-legged but with a torso similar to a human being’s, but their stance was such that their torso was horizontal—giving the look as if a human being had both feet and both pairs of hands on the ground and lifted up their buttocks!  And where a human head would have been, there was, in fact, an irregular protrusion sticking up—as if the head were at the back of the body, looking straight out from the chest area as they walked!
In the moving piction, which sometimes went out of focus while Nascent recorded the footage, Councilor Thuall could tell they were not wearing clothes as such.  But it looked as if they had some kind of body-fitted apparel.
The beings moved smoothly, despite their unusual leg-motion.  Some went into some of the vacant handmade buildings of the Settlement while some of the other beings walked the perimeter of the township or down the pedestrian network that connected the Settlement!
“Where is your father now,” Councilor Housenn Thuall put to the young woman as she handed the comm device to her.
“They’re in the back of the cave, Councilor…they were having an emergency meeting until you got back!”
“Inside…all of you,” Miriana whispered in a more hushed tone that time. “Now!  Come on…”  
She knew that her common law husband had already made it back to the cave.  But Miriana always made sure she was the last to return to the cave system when she went out with others.
There was pandemonium among the extended families!  They had the mind to whisper, but as Miriana made her way back to the deeper portion of the cave she could see absolute fear and even excitement within her family’s countenances, due to Nascent’s recording!
The back portion of the cave was a location the Housenn Thuall families utilized for business meetings that needed to be private from the rest of the Housenn Thuall house.  When Miriana made it back there, she found six members scrunched over someone’s comm device as they analyzed the recording with the aliens crawling all over Settlement Vestige!
Her common law husband, Filleppe, and their son, Fillamon, were there.  As was one of the Councilor’s specialists, Fuegon.  The others were Shamira Thuall, Lieu Natsome Housenn, and Nascent, the one who recorded the piction of the aliens at the camp…Shamira was a middle-aged ‘singleton,’ as humans called people who did not have their own family.  While Lieu, also of mature age, was a family member from Filleppe’s side—from his father, Fillip Natsome.
“Councilor,” came the chorus from all six as Miriana arrived at the small meeting; even her husband, especially whenever business was being conducted within the Clan.
“I played the audio that you recorded of them from the Lake,” Filleppe informed Councilor Thuall.  He wasn’t sure if she would be happy about that, given they had been keeping that information away from the rest of the entire Clan.  But Miriana merely nodded her head.  After seeing that, Filleppe continued with a tiny bit of relief.  “We just started examining the vid from Nascent…it’s not really them, Councilor.”
At that point, Miriana froze for confusion.  “Last time I’ve seen humans, Filleppe, we didn’t look anything like that!  So, if it’s not the aliens, who are they?”
Shamira, wearing handed-crafted spectacles derived from the sentient sands—though not fitted perfectly to her face, signaled to the others that she would respond to Miriana.  “Councilor…what did our ancestors used to do on starship Vestige when they would run across a planet, moon, or asteroid that needed to be examined or explored?”
“Well, besides the use of scanning technology they had back then, they would send probes,” Councilor Thuall said with an impatient shrug as her eyes glanced at everyone in attendance.
“Exactly…you all know that I’m somewhat of an historian.  I’ve studied the books on history that your mother oversaw their production by synthetic Number 4 and all the old portables we had at the time.  Plus, about as many projected vids.  Our ancestors crafted various types of probes that reflected our human form, most of the time.”
“You’re talking anthropomorphism,” Fuegon pointed out with a single, terse nod.
“Exactly,” Shamira confirmed.  “Besides, take a close look at them…they’re too uniform.  Much like how our ancestors used to design the synthetics!”
“So,” Councilor Thuall stated, catching on to what Shamira was saying, “these—creatures…these beings are some kind of vanguard of the aliens and gives us a clue how they might look like?”
“Exactly!  Just like the synthetics.”
“But not all mechanicals that we, humans, used to make reflected us,” Lieu pointed out.  “No more than our old actuator vehicles or the different types of synthetic laborers that were on Vestige.  I still say, for all we know, the aliens could look like the Tardigrades-slugs!”
There were smirks at Lieu’s quip!  The small group continued to look at the looped vid on the device.
“Well, regardless of what these…quadrawalkers are, they’re a bit too close to the caves and bluffs for my comfort,” Nascent said as he glanced toward the front area of the long cave, seeing how all the extended family members were doing. 
Nods and voiced consent were heard in the small circle.
“I wonder if they’re also ransacking the Dominionists and the Maji,” Fillamon input.
That got Miriana thinking.  She cupped her chin with one of her hands.  “Focus on how fast they were moving about in our village…”
After a few seconds of silent observations from the group, Filleppe finally spoke up.  “They’re not ransacking, are they?  I don’t see any containers with them to indicate that they are stashing away stollen items—”
“—or carrying anything with them,” Shamira pointed out.
“Could they be dispersing some kind of poison,” Fuegon asked.
All went quiet to think on the young Sohill an Preun’s question.
“That’s possible,” Fillamon interjected.  “If they are what you suggested, Shamira, they might be some mix of mechanical and biological beings and store some chemicals within them!  But…”  He took a few seconds to stoop down to get a closer look at the moving piction of the quadrawalkers in the Vestige settlement on the device.  “Too hard to tell from this vid.  But, Fuegon, you bring up something we definitely should be cautious of whenever we move back into the settlement.”
Some in the group looked at Fillamon with surprise!  Lieu spoke what was on the others’ minds.  “Fillah, what do you think is happening, here?  We have no idea how long the aliens are going to be here.  This, my friend, is officially an invasion now!”
“Hate to say it, my son,” Filleppe came in, “but these living arrangements the Clans find ourselves in could be permanent!”
Just hearing Filleppe say his last statement was enough to shut down the small gathering for nearly a solid minute…
“You’re right, Lieu,” the Councilor of the Clan finally spoke up, after deliberately holding back to let others have their say, “this is, now, an invasion!”  Miriana then turned and said while looking at the bespectacled historian, Shamira, “Traditionally speaking, in the days of ancient, it would automatically be a state of war between the two societies…”  
“But we are in no position to fight against three aging rogue synthetics, Councilor,” Fuegon, now, said; tinged with irritation!  “I hope you are not suggesting that this weak human alliance will have some kind of chance of winning a war with these advanced aliens?”
Nascent was shaking his head, agreeing with Fuegon.  “We’ve all seen the piction that Chief Rhett has of their huge ship with several hundreds of them under it!  Sheer numbers, alone, we’d lose—to say nothing of their technology!”
Fillamon was looking at his mother, waiting to see her response.  But she let him say what was on his mind.  “Councilor, I know you have faith in Number 4, and not just because he was a loyal friend of your mother.  But even if we’re able to get all three rogues and Number 4 with us in this alliance…”  
Fillamon slowly shook his head while keeping his eyes on the looping vid.  He, then continued.
“I understand that all synths have an ability with lancing flames, flight, speed, and their advanced artificial thinking, but I’m certain it would be a war that all of humanity would lose!  I don’t need to remind anyone that there’s only a few of us left in all the universe…”
Fillamon looked around the group of seven.  It was a softly spoken warning about any ambitious plans against the aliens!
By that time, Miriana glanced at her husband.  “And what of the audio recording I did from Lake Thuall…that was them, correct?”
Filleppe was nodding but let the younger Vestigians answer for him.  Nascent spoke up.
“We only had a chance to listen to it once before your arrival, Councilor.  But from what your husband showed us, your signal was on a different frequency than what I used for my recording of these quadrawalkers…I can’t say I got much in the way of audio, but what audio I did record with my visuals, it’s clear that these walkers’ signals for communications are completely different from what I heard from yours.”
Lieu also came in.  “Put simply, Councilor Thuall:  you recorded the actual aliens on audio; Nascent, here, visually recorded their version of synthetic beings.”
“And we still couldn’t discern anything from all the interference,” Fuegon contributed.  “Just like you and Filleppe…I’m sure Number 4 or any of his synth brethren could!”
“So,” asked Shamira, “what do we do now, Councilor?  It seems as though the aliens are inching closer to our refuge spot and from what I know, we don’t have a secondary backup!”
There was complete silence within the small group.  The chatter from the front of the cave among the house of the families of Housenn and Thuall were non-stop as they, too, were trying to figure things out with the visitors.
“The crash site,” Filleppe simply stated.  All eyes cut to him.  “That’s the only secondary backup I can think of…I know it’s a couple of hundred miles from here and won’t do us any –”
“That’s ingenious, father!” Fillamon said excitedly as he and Shamira and Fuegon all exchanged a shared epiphany!  Fillamon continued.  “Yes, it’s much too far for the entire Clan to evacuate to—”
“—but it would make a great diversion from the rest of us if we take one or two aircrafts and fly them to the site,” Shamira added.
Miriana, Filleppe, Lieu, and Nascent all glanced at each other, not receiving the vision that the others saw!
“Ok,” Councilor Housenn Thuall said, trying to play along.  “And once said-colonists arrive at the crash site, they…Stars!  That’s where we can use the synths!”
“They’re not as badly affected by the nuclear radiation like humans,” Fuegon said, beaming while nodding his head.
“They have their installed jets,” Nascent reminded the circle.  “Will they even need a ship?  Couldn’t they simply fly out there?  That way we can use all six airships between the humans and the synthetics!”
There were a couple of skeptical faces at that point.  
“Their jets are for low-flight,” Filleppe responded.  “More of augmentation than long-term transportation.  Still, you make a good point, Nascent.  I just hate to see them left with only their jets for transportation, should things take a turn for the worst out there with the aliens!  So, what would they do, while out at the crash site to keep the aliens away?”
Councilor Thuall, again, in keeping with her approach to leadership, refrained from saying anything to let her impromptu circle of counsel work things out.  A couple of the colonists shrugged, but Fuegon ventured a response.
“I say we keep the plan simple—they’re synthetic humanoids, they’ll be able to strategize things out for themselves without us needing to plot for them!  But I would guess since we’re talking about a big city that crash landed out there, the synths would have ample space and hiding locations.”
Shamira shifted uncomfortably as she adjusted her spectacles.  “Just don’t like the idea of the synths simply hiding from the aliens to keep them busy while we, humans, still wouldn’t be able to do anything against the aliens—defensive-wise!  I understand your point, Fuegon, about letting the synths devising their own plans while out there, but is there something we can have them do while out there that would further the protection of all the populations of cMaj?  It is an alliance that we’ve formed with the other Clans and the rogues, after all!  What’s the point if we don’t think in holistic terms?”
Couple of others nodded in agreement with Shamira; a couple of others had skeptical faces.
“Actually, I was just thinking while you made your point about having the synths do something on behalf of the humans and all four synths…”  Filleppe subconsciously glanced at the looping vid on the device that was propped on the outcropping the circle of colonists was using at that time.  “We still haven’t heard from Number 4’s team yet!  I know we can’t risk comm’ing them to see how their mission went, but we’re operating with the assumption that the rogues would even agree to our alliance!”
That time, all six of the others in the meeting were nodding their heads.  A couple of them reacted as if they had forgotten about such an important point!
“Well,” Lieu said with arched brow and a sigh, “I can’t say I would blame them.  After we, humans, turned their peace gesture down all those years ago!”
There were begrudging shrugs and nods at Lieu’s observation.
“Granted, Filleppe,” the Councilor stated, coming back into the discussion.  Miriana’s eyes shifted to the entire circle.  “So, let’s say the rogues did not agree to join our alliance?  What’s our backup, when it would be just us, humans, and only one synthetic with us?”
That time, the responses from the tiny committee was silent for a long while.  Shaking of heads, shrugs, and wondering eyes were what was communicated at that time!
“Hate thinking this would be the case,” Fillamon said, breaking the long silence, “but we’d probably keep with the same plan.  Just with one synthetic—Number 4!”
“Have him fly out there,” Lieu input, “and create some kind of diversion…hopefully, where he doesn’t put himself at too much risk with either the aliens or the radiation!”
“Ok,” Nascent, was pointing out, “seems like we have no choice in that part of the plan—the crash site it is, if I may say so, Councilor?”  Miriana simply nodded and let him continue.  “Now, what about on our end, as you alluded to, Shamira?  What can we humans do against the aliens while—worst case scenario, and it’s only Number 4 joining the alliance, and he’s out at the crash site drawing attention away from us?  Should we even try defensive strategies since we, humans would be out in the caves and bluffs by ourselves?  It seems we’ve already decided earlier that they are too advanced for us to even try to fight them!  Maybe we’re simply outmatched and should—”
“—Move,” Fuegon interjected.  His mere question was effective at pointing out the flaw of Nascent’s speculation.
A pocket of silence after that exchange.
“Good point,” Filleppe came in.  “And it wouldn’t be just our clan.  Where would almost 300 people evacuate to when we’ve already found refuge in the caves and bluffs?  The aliens are inching their way here!  Again, as you said, Nascent, taking the worst-case scenario, it would only be Number 4 plus five air machines to use—small ones, at that!  Wouldn’t do any good for the majority of the entire human population…”
Fuegon glanced at everyone, gauging their attitudes.  “So…we can’t just hope the aliens don’t find us while they play a game of the seeker and the hidden with any of the synths out at the crash site!”
There was that uncomfortable silence in the small circle of colonists again.  At that moment, Councilor Housenn Thuall spoke up again.
“Unfortunately, it seems that’s what we’re finding ourselves having to do, Fuegon…”
CHAPTER Eighteen
“Be careful, Laray,” Beeshmah admonished the Dominion, as he peeped his head over the looming outcrop!  “Just because we’re using our camouflager, it doesn’t mean we’re totally invisible!”  
He was looking through his photovoltaic binoculars and trained them on the cMaj Clan’s settlement…Number 4’s team had made it back about a day previously with a precious gift:  two of the three rogue synths!  The team of three humans and now three synthetic humanoids were surprised to find the Maji’s tiny village overran by some sort of creepy alien forms crawling about the camp!
“Stars, and I thought the Tardigrades were bad,” Maajida commented softly as she, too, looked on with her binoculars.  
The whole team of six was clumped together, behind a jungle of rock formations that was not far from Clan cMaj’s bluffs refuge.
“Well, now we’re really at war with them,” Laray said as he slid down from his perch and stashed his looking device into his portable bag.  “I can’t imagine the aliens occupying only one human camp!”
“It was a wise judgement of you humans to vacate all of your settlements, indeed,” commented Ascent, one of the rogue synthetic humanoids.  
His body wrap, as was his present rogue companion, Forward On, was different from Number 4’s.  It reminded the three humans in the team of the historical pictions of their ancestors…pants and shirts, was how such articles of clothing were called.  
Apparently, the synthetics had more time on their hands to farm cMaj’s vegetation and utilized the husk from said greenery and fashioned such vestments.  Beeshmah understood that their clothing made it easier for them to fly around with their jets, but from her perspective it showed, yet, one more layer of difference the synthetics had from the humans.
“Colonists,” Forward On said as he continued to look from his hiding spot, using his magnifying features of his eyes, “you realize that those are very similar to us…” 
Beeshmah, Maajida, and Laray all whipped their heads around to look at Forward On.  All had a curious expression!
Number 4 had a smirk on his face.  “It’s just a guess, humans, but those crawlers appear to be a cybernetic being of some sort…”  Number 4 jutted his chin toward the settlement, much like a human would.  “Without being able to use our scanning features for the moment, I can tell by their gait and almost copied profiles.”
“It was one of the reasons why we chose names for ourselves,” Ascent said.  “So you, humans, would be able to distinguish us a bit more.  No, colonists, those things are the servants of our visiting friends!”
“Hmm,” Maajida expressed, the tone of offense to it!
There was an uneasy quiet amongst the team.
“Did I say something wrong,” Ascent asked, breaking the uneasy silence.
“Ascent,” Number 4 said with some impatience, “when we first talked on the other side of the continent, I told you both that quite a few of the humans have not…forgotten what all three of you took part in during the Synthetics’ Rebellion!  When you say, servant under these circumstances—those synthetics working for an unseen biological master, it comes across as distastefully inappropriate when it is from a synthetic…much less from one that was one of the offending insurrectionists.”
Ascent and Forward On looked at all the humans and then at each other.  Then re-directed their attention on Number 4.  The humans all watched, keeping their comments to themselves, for the time being.
“I’m assuming you mean some collective memory when you say this,” Forward On commented.  
“As I understand it,” Ascent came back in, “you told us there was only one original survivor of the explosion—”
“—bombing!”  Laray and Maajida said simultaneously!  
Beeshmah and Number 4 both indicated that they all needed to be quiet with the crawlers down the way at the Maji Settlement!
Ascent resumed, whispering.  “None of the other humans, besides that former pilot, were even born yet, and by several decades!  This is too poetic to say that humans have some supernatural, shared memory.  As synthetics, Number 4, we don’t even have that!”
“Ascent,” Forward On interjected after taking another quick look toward the cMaj camp with the alien beings amongst it, “perhaps it is best we not discus this…especially with the planet’s newest power occupying the humans’ homes not very far from us?”
There was silence amongst the team.  They all resumed watching the walkers with their binoculars.
“You, synths never got a chance to tell us where Majoreen is,” Beeshmah whispered, her binoculars still up to her eyes.
“He’s returning from one of the other continents closest to this one,” Forward On informed with a whisper, as he, too, kept his eyes on the camp.  “Just after we spotted the aliens several weeks ago, we all agreed that one of us should see if it were viable to try to re-locate to another continent with the arrival of these visitors.”
All the humans were nodding at Forward On’s revelation.  
“Wish we could do that,” Laray softly admitted.
“Hey…they’re leaving,” Beeshmah said with a surprised and hushed voice!
“Should we follow them,” Maajida asked any of the synthetics.
“Or maybe one of you,” Beeshmah suggested.  “That way we can, at least, have an idea where they are!”  She shrugged.
“I think since I have a trusting relationship with most of the humans, I should go,” Number 4 said after, apparently, the three synthetics had discussed the situation between themselves via their intra-network, safely from the aliens.  Basically, it was equivalent to the original Vestige colony’s cerebral-comm for humans.  The communication technology eventually lost their powers among the first surviving humans many decades previously.
Of course, Number 4’s suggestion meant that the three humans would have to go to their respective clans and informed them that two of the surviving rogue synths from the Bombing—which they participated in—had arrived at their refuge site; ready to join the shaky alliance against the formidable aliens!
But Ascent insisted that the two synthetic laborers would find their own cave, near the humans’ hiding zones.  That way, when they needed the artificial humanoids, they weren’t that far away.
The three humans and Number 4 agreed.  The team watched and waited a few more minutes while the oddly marching beings split up into smaller groups and went in different directions, leaving the cMaj Clan’s small village.  From what the team could see at that moment, none of the alien synthetics were heading in their direction.
Number 4 suggested that the others of the team wait inside their air vehicles—the humans to the Dominionists Clan’s airship while the two rogue synths could wait in Number 4’s ship.  He had made room for a second person to fit after he had swooped up Beeshmah and took her to his cave out in the savanna region, while escaping the aliens.  This was just in case the rest of the team needed to quickly take to cMaj’s skies, should the crawlers surprise them while Number 4 spied on the alien synthetics.
CHAPTER Nineteen 
Councilor Housenn Thuall welcomed specialist Beeshmah Salomenes back to the clandom with a toned-down official recognition amongst the entire Vestige Clan!  Other clan members that were keeping watch over the refuge cave system alerted the whole Clan spread throughout the extended caves and crevices that she had returned after several weeks!  And, most importantly, Beeshmah had succeeded in getting all the synthetic humanoids (except for Majoreen, whom was on an extended mission) to join the coalition!
This was confirmed by Dominionists Clan Chief Rhett—for his own two specialists, Maajida an Preun and Laray Salomenes, who had accompanied Beeshmah on the mission, had reported to the chief the success of their task.  Rhett simply sent one of his clanfolk over to the Vestigians’ caves to tell Councilor Thuall in person…This, of course, was all necessary so that the humans would not use their frequency communiques and be detected by the aliens.
Besides the verification sent by Chief Rhett, Beeshmah was able to show vid recordings of parts of their endeavor to the Councilor and the rest of the Clan.  The Clan was able to share Beeshmah’s vid recordings in an intra-comm system—very similar the way the synthetic humanoids were able to communicate with each other when they were a few feet from one another.  However, Miriana insisted that they gathered around each other while different clan members passed Beeshmah’s device around so everyone else could watch portions of the mission themselves…Miriana simply did not want to take any chances of being detected by the crawlers!
The verifications were needed since Number 4 was not there with her!  Beeshmah informed the large gathering of the Vestige Clan what Number 4’s new plan was, at the suggestion of the humans.  That is, following the quadrawalkers to see where the aliens’ base or mothership was located on cMaj!
Also, since Number 4’s team felt it would have been too much of an emotional shock to all the clandoms to have the two synthetics show up within their caves during such a trying time of hiding from the aliens, they all thought it was a good idea for Forward On and Ascent to remain in their own caves for the time being.  But later, Miriana, again, insisted that she wanted her entire Clan to meet them—psychological discomfort or not!  For the alliance was formed for an existential reason, not as a club, she would tell the Vestigians a few times!
On the Dominionists’ side of things, Maajida and Laray debriefed their Clan leader.  Rhett’s style of governing was far different from Miriana’s.  After the two young specialists returned to their refuge cave system, Chief Rhett clandestinely routed them to a private section of their cave system that most of the Dominionists members knew nothing about!  It was there that the two specialists informed and showed their own recordings from the mission to Rhett and what their plans, with Number 4, were in dealing with the aliens…
The Maji were also informed about the plans from, both, Number 4’s team and Councilor Thuall’s strategy that she and her small circle of advisors came up with in utilizing the starship’s crash site!  Even though the cMaji tiny clandom did not possess any type of enforcement organization in their Settlement, they were still part of the coalition of humans and synthetics.  So, they had to be informed of the plans.  Miriana and Rhett, both, sent their own messengers to the Maji leader and close cousin to Miriana, Caradoc Sohill.
Finally, it was the first time that humans felt some kind of security since the arrival of the aliens, now that the alliance’s plans and members had all consolidated into the same region of the cave systems and bluffs of the humans’ refuge zone!  
With the exception of the Maji, all the humans had hastened the cobbling of new weapons they could scrounge up from the stone all around them within the cave and bluff systems!  
The human population on cMaj actually had history books, thanks to Miriana’s mother’s foresight from decades ago!  The Vestigians and Dominionists referred to some of the captured historical events on war—for, Miriana’s generation was a population not familiar with proper war.  They were used to skirmishes between humans and the rogue synths, and even between the different Clans!  But, as one of the sections in one of the history books made reference to in the religious portion:  It was a David and Goliath prospect…
No one knew, exactly, what that meant—not even the synthetic humanoids with their extensive actuary intelligence!  For their initial programming was only as good as the information that was feed to them.  And the deepest of human history was lost not only due to the destruction of the generational starship, Vestige, but also due to the simple entropy of Time itself!
CHAPTER Twenty
A few days passed by since Beeshmah, Maajida, and Laray had returned to the refuge zone with Ascent and Forward On.  The two human-like mechanicals’ reception from all three Clans was considerably cool.  It was to be expected.  For, aside from human emotions about the history of the events of the Rebellion of the synthetics, there was the real and present situation of being prepared for the possibility of war with the aliens.
Councilor Housenn Thuall didn’t expect a welcoming disposition from the Clans.  Even the cMaji kept a bit of distance from Forward On and Ascent!  Indeed, it was telling just how deep the collective and historical memory was of the Rebellion.  
Again, everything that all the humans, and even the synthetics, were going through was because of that fateful day of Singularity when some of the synthetics on starship Vestige and on the planet of cMaj and its three moons, had decided to forcibly tip the societal balance to their favor…or die in trying to do so.
Deep within one of the cave system’s largest pocket of space, during the most recent of an all-clandom gatherings, Councilor Housenn Thuall stated that it was another point of Singularity!  But that time, it was with the convergence of the human and synthetic coalition against that of the aliens!  In her speech to, literally, every human being that was left on cMaj, she told them that they should learn from the oral and written history about not only the Synthetics’ Rebellion, but of the history of many other swings of balance throughout humanity.
After she gave her speech, the Councilor gave way from the roughly-hewn lectern so that Lanay Thuall—that surviving pilot, and last survivor, that had landed the ship that would eventually lead to Mirana’s generation, could address the entire human species.
The all-clan gathering was meant to be a call to arms.  The humans weren’t sure when the aliens would reach them.  But given the proximity of their eerily crawling probes, they were not far behind!
Lanay, assisted by an adolescent Maji, leaned against the outcrop-turned-into-lectern.  She started her speech before the 250 or so humans, packed into the large cave that was lit by energized solar voltaic lamps, when a low, long rumbling started…
Panic began to ensue!  All three Clans recognized the tremor:  it was from the aliens’ great spaceship that had passed by each of their caves at one point or another!
And, so the battle begins, Miriana thought to herself as she looked upon the screaming and sobbing humans before her!  She directed a couple of young members of her own extended family to help take Lanay to safety and then she ran over to Ascent and Forward On!  Filleppe, Fillamon, and most of Miriana’s own family converged around the Councilor as she met the two synthetics!
“Looks like we can’t wait for Number 4 to get back from his task,” Councilor Thuall shouted to the mechanicals over the sea of voices!  “Now’s the time to utilize your skills that you used during the Rebellion, my friends!”
Ascent and Forward On nodded at her in unison, and actually said to her for the first time, “Yes, Councilor!”
As Councilor Thuall, Chief Rhett, and Leader Caradoc, all, positioned themselves around the lectern and bellowed at the clandoms to calm down and take up their arms, the two allied synths ignited their rockets and lifted themselves above the crowd of humans!  Both held up their hands in a calming gesture to the roiling humans!
“Colonists,” Forward On spoke, “now is the time to gather your thoughts, your weapons, and to implement the plans you’ve talked about for several weeks, now…”  
The rumbling stopped!
Despite what Forward On said, and despite all the planning and gathering of weapons, and everything else; in the end, most of the humans were simply too scared to do much against any oncoming foe at that point!
But there was a small number of brave ones among the humans—from all Clans, even a few from the cMaj!  They had their sharpened stone spears and daggers, their taut projectile-shooters, and even simple loose stone on hand to throw at the aliens!
Then a series of lights flashed from outside the large cave’s mouth and into the dim cavern.  It shone against the humans, causing a gradual calm among them!  There was something very familiar about it.  Indeed, reassuring.
The lights flashed:  We come in peace…
Just then, Councilor Housenn Thuall noticed that the two allied synthetics flinched and looked at each other!  Within the, now, quieted cave, Miriana ran over to Forward On and Ascent!
“What is it,” she asked with a countenance of confusion!
Both synthetics’ rocket jets, audibly, slowed in intensity as the mechanicals lowered themselves to the cave’s floor.  The two synthetic beings looked at each other in wonderment.
“Stars, would someone please tell me what’s going on,” Councilor Thuall finally shouted anyone who would provide an answer!
“Miri!”
The deep, scratch mechanical voice that echoed was that of Number 4!  Every human in the chamberesque cave turned their heads to him, as he stood at the opening; one of his hands held out in a beckoning gesture to her, specifically.
“My child…you must come now, and bring everyone with you…”
The Councilor looked wild-eyed at her husband and their adult children, and their children!  A confused murmuring was slowly rising among the humans in the expansive cave.
“Councilor,” Ascent said to her softly, a hand placed gently on one of her shoulders, “it’s going to be alright now…come on!  All of you…single-file, please!”
“And you won’t need your weapons,” Number 4 threw out over the rising voices in the cave.  “It’s time for you to go home!”
“—what?”
“—did, did he just say what I think he said?”
“—maybe it’s a trap!”
“—I’m scared!”
Despite themselves, the homo sapiens followed the Councilor, her family, and Number 4 as they all filed out of the cave.  Ascent and Forward On stood at either side of the cave’s mouth, directing the long stream of humans out of the cave…
To their absolute amazement, the giant ship that had been such consternation to them for long weeks was, now, silently hovering above the flatten land directly outside the large cave system!  It was, indeed, long and cylindrical and had a series of smaller ships descending from its ventral section…
Councilor Thuall and Filleppe had to be pulled along by their grandchildren, as they both gawked at the 600-or so foot spaceship!  Her generation, with the exception of Lanay Thuall, had never seen anything of technology so big in their lives before—with the exception of historic vids that Number 4 had shown them with his projections!  Behind Miriana’s immediate family, all the other humans were finally making their way out of the cave and many having the very same reaction as the Housenn Thualls!
Finally, the Councilor’s eyes looked below the behemoth and saw scores of quadrawalkers!  But they were, as it were, standing at attention, as if they were soldiers making way for their leader.
And, indeed, there was a young woman in uniform, quickly walking with a large entourage—a young, human woman, with an entourage of other humans…
While she was walking toward the Councilor, not too far from the small ship the young woman and her team had debarked, the cobbled airship of the once-rogue synths had landed.  It was synthetic laborer Number 2—otherwise known as Majoreen!  Also present were all the ships from the three clandoms.  They were parked, their pilots standing next to them and in conversation with the other humans!  The exception being Number 4’s ship, as he was ushering the long line of humans from the cave.
The young woman with the entourage finally made it up to where Councilor Thuall and her family were.  In the midst of the cacophony surrounding Miriana, the young woman unexpectedly stopped—as did the other humans surrounding her, in matching uniforms!  She snapped up her right hand—palm flat and fingers together and pointed upward, in front and next to her right shoulder!
“Commander Svana Quispe of the search and rescue team, from the starship Vasculum Fugae!  Several years ago, our ship had measured an explosion above the atmosphere of this planet and was able to trace the trajectory to that of our mothership.  I am informed that you are one of the authorities on the planet of cMaj, and I hereby offer my assistance for the rescue of the citizens, or offspring of the citizens, of starship Vestige…”
Fin  (Image:  Wallpaper-Mania . com)
