The Forever War  - Book One
       Return to the Beginning
Starshipwriter

The Beginning and End of History
The probe was beyond tired. So far beyond that if a machine could conceive an end to existence, then it was at the moment of death. It’s once bright surfaces were now pitted and punctured through countless impacts with meteoric grains of dust; and blackened through eons of exposure to cosmic particles.  What was left of its once precisely directed antenna, now turned aimlessly in a slow pirouette that had lasted beyond any collective memory.  No one knew. No one cared. It was a forlorn speck, invisible and lost in the immensity of space, along with any recollection of the ancient civilization that had sent it on its journey. 
In their time, both machine and people had flourished. Both had risen in their ways to reach out in a flowering of space exploration. First around their own planet: then others in their system. The tiny probe had been the culmination of the brightest brains the planet could bring together. This little spacecraft had been their signal; their declaration that they were reaching at last for the stars, and now; not that the builders would know, the little craft had finally made it to the edge of the galaxy itself. 
Once launched it began, and continued to send back a stream of information about their closest neighbors. The scientists and the planets inhabitants rejoiced. But as is always the case with a new toy, it becomes familiar, and eventually forgotten. So as it reached out into the void between the stars, its work no longer exited or inspired, and its makers moved on to another, brighter child. No matter how well it had lived up to what was asked of it, the probe had done its job, and its memory passed into history.
The probe didn't notice, or care; it was a machine. Irrespective it continued as it had been asked, and each time it passed a star, a fluctuation, an anomaly; then once more it would announce the discovery; sending back its findings to unhearing, ears. As long as energy fed though its fine wires, it sought and proclaimed, and would, until its power source drained the last dreg of radioactive emission. 
Now it was almost dead. Now nothing but weak, random, particles of decay came from its tiny generator. But that was enough; just, for the ultra-sensitive detectors on the Ikaban III, to signal an alarm.

It was an odd dream. She had died and crossed over into the afterlife, but it wasn’t the one she expected. The clinical image disappeared from her imagination as she became aware of the rumble. Her mind tore her back into reality and she abruptly sat up.
She was on the duty bed. That wasn’t particularly unusual: one or other of the staff dozed here when some experiment required constant overnight attention. What wasn’t normal was that she was taking a nap while the building was descending into the silo, and that only happened if there was an attack or… Rhea remembered that a cruiser was… Suddenly everything flooded back overwhelming her. Cassana, the disrupter, her mind swam as she remembered the wound. Abject terror swept through her as he slowly; reluctantly she looked down her body. The fear eased as she saw the laboratory coat was unsoiled. Now a feeling of confusion took hold. Nervously she pulled at the front; twisted her head and looked down inside at her body. Where there had been the horrific injury was now soft, slightly tanned flesh. 
Hesitantly, almost reluctantly she reached to her stomach; half expecting her insides to explode out into the terrible gash she remembered. Instead it felt soft, more softer than it had felt in a… in a long time. 
Her senses filled with excitement as she caressed harder thinking she felt, both physically and mentally better than after any beauty treatment she had ever taken. So the mystics were right and this was death; it was nothing like what she had expected or feared, but it was something she could live with… Rhea smiled, ‘live with?’ He mind was so absorbed that it was a shock when the air raid siren screamed its wail again Part of her wanted to lay back and wait for her fate but instead she leapt up and ran for the door.
Rhea rushed up emergency stairwells and along corridors before she emerged onto the roof. Even amongst the array of antenna and masts the cannon emplacement was easy to see, and like everywhere else it was abandoned, all about her was quiet.
In the distance she could see tracer fire, and looking hard a group of dots moved quickly through it. She squinted her eyes against the bright light and saw one was larger than the others: it would be the cruiser. The cannon still did not move.
In a hundred heartbeats it would be upon her, and the building beneath her feet along with the entire academic and security staff hiding deep underground would die in an inferno. The thought froze her for precious moments before she ran to the emplacement. There was no security lock, she was thankful that no one had ever conceived an enemy using it against the facility.
Entering the bunker she was confronted by a mass of equipment and for a moment was overwhelmed by it all. The realization that she didn’t actually know what to do suddenly became all too apparent.
“Good afternoon professor.” 
The disembodied voice took her by surprise and she anxiously looked for where it had come from. 
“Isla professor… Integrated Systems and Logistics Assistant?”
“Isla… Yes; oh yes Isla?”
“Professor I have to remind you that this area is restricted exclusively to military personnel.”
“I know.”
The voice seemed to sigh, “Then professor?”
“The cannon has been shut down.”
“Yes professor, in the circumstances a strange request but performed with the correct procedure.”
“There’s a cruiser coming?”
“My information is that the facility is not the focus of the attack.”
“That information is wrong. I want you to prepare to begin firing.” Rhea almost demanded.
“Professor I have to remind you that not only do academic staff not have the authority to request this cannons activation, this area is restricted from them.” 
“Then I’m asking in my capacity as a D.S.D agent.”
“Your rank makes no difference professor. The cannon has been shut down from air defense central command.”
“You have to override.”
“Professor that is beyond my ability.
Rhea was silent for a moment, and then without knowing why she dug her hand into the coats other flap and took out her identification pass. She placed it against the control panel. 
“What... is… that?” Isla's voice was drawn out in a puzzled way as suddenly the cannons controls began to light up. “You are over-riding the?” Isla’s voice had a helpless tone
Rhea looked at the card as baffled as Isla. 
“Professor how did you…”
She didn’t know and she wasn’t listening as she flicked open the manual firing control and gripped the joystick. A three-dimensional image of the cruiser appeared on the targeting screen. It glowed in false colour, showing the force field lines as they fanned out and around the spaceship. It seemed completely enveloped, not the tiniest fraction of the smooth hull showed the mark she was looking for. She hit the cannons scanner.
Isla’s composure seemed to have returned. “Professor I don’t know how you did that but locking on with a target beam is inviting retaliation?”
“That’s what I want?”
“You’re going to target the sensors?”
“I think so?”
“You are aware the shield modulates the sensors so that they are constantly moving with the field?”
“No.”
“And that it is almost impossible to determine where, when and by what dimension the gap in the shield will be?”
“Isla if you are not going to help then please stop telling me it’s impossible.” Rhea pressed several tags and the false colour image began to strobe. With each flicker a tiny black cross, moved across the surface of the field. 
“I’m surprised,” said Isla. “I’m not aware that D.S.D. training covered cannon operation, but it won’t help; the target presented is chaotic randomness.”
“Isla.” She snapped. “I asked you not to tell me I can’t do it.”
“I was merely pointing out professor that the volume of calculations required to see the pattern in real time is…” but in answer to Isla’s doubt a small red crosshair appeared. In the subsequent frame the sensor took its place. The amazement was clear in Isla’s voice. “What technology is this?”
“I… Call it guess work?” 
“Professor I organize the data base for most of the bases technology and there's nothing remotely capable… Oh we are in trouble now. They know the cannon is activated.”
Her mind was lagging behind her hand movements as she grabbed the joystick, and it only caught up by the time the aimer had swung up to the left side of the screen following a line of disappearing cross hairs. Almost on instinct she fired as the cruiser disappeared from view. There was no time for disappointment. The grinding crash that shook the building evaporated that.
Rhea braced herself and tensed in anticipation of the explosion. The moments ticked by, each felt like an overpowering weight. She held her breath, fearful that the pervading oxygen would channel the flames down her throat and burn her from her insides. And then she could hold it no longer and she gasped and began to choke. 
“Professor you really should not hold your breath until you begin to turn blue?”
She opened her eyes and looked around. “What’s happ?”
“Amazingly quite a lot. The enemy ship brushed the emplacement. It is destroyed?” said Isla in triumph.
.
At some time the building had completely retracted into the ground and as Rhea stepped out at ground level she could see the smoking cruiser was still mostly intact some distance away. She stood looking about, there were fires burning not far from where it had crashed. Everywhere else was quiet: everything was still: it seemed impossible that such a short time ago chaos reigned. Then it began again…
The all-clear sirens began to wail and in several locations massive slabs of reinforced metal split in segments and opened like flowers in a mad giants garden. 
Military vehicles began pouring up out of the ground. There were militia transports and every type of weapon. Most raced to and circled the still quiet spacecraft. Rhea was glad that it had not been destroyed. She hoped that there were few casualties, but that hope was forgotten as she saw three vehicles stop short of the research buildings perimeter.
Militiamen poured out each brandishing a weapon pointed in her direction. She nervously put her hands in the air as a small group of officers came towards her. 
One scanned her body with a reader. “Professor Rhea Victoria Thain?” One said harshly: back to the officer standing behind.
“Yes… That’s me,” she said weakly.
“Take off your coat: one arm at a time leaving the other in the air.” Demanded another from the group. “Do not attempt any sudden movements”
With so many weapons pointing at she was didn’t intend to. With difficulty she did as she was ordered 
“Turn around slowly.”
She did and became aware that they were staring intently at her body. She knew they were scanning for any bulge that would betray a weapon, but that wouldn’t be everything they were examining. The thought embarrassed her, and she turned back to them feeling flushed.
“I’m sorry professor,” said a woman stepping forward and taking control. “But you are in an area where you are not authorized to be… Can you explain to me why?”
“I… I was finishing some very important work?”
“You are aware that it is a serious breach of the personal safety rules not to go immediately to the bunkers when the siren sounds; you do know that?”
“Yes…” she said meekly trying to put on her most innocent smile and wishing it had been a male officer: she had a much better rapport with men. “It was very important work… To the Alliance…” She added hoping it made the point.
“In a cannon emplacement?”
“I… I…was going to go to the bunker.” there was no point in explaining the unexplainable. 
“You thought the bunker was on the roof?”
“I was confused.”
“Would you please hand me your pass.”
“I… I think I left it inside.”
The woman nodded to one of the soldiers; “Isla reported that you used it to override the cannons controls. Can you explain how that was possible?”
She had no idea what she had done. She was in enough trouble already without trying to explain any more. “There must be a mistake. It’s just a pass.” At least it was last time she used it.
The officer couldn’t explain anything either and looked over to the cruiser. “How you accessed the cannon is for some other to determine, but it seems whatever you did, you did with good result.”
She wanted to smile and say ‘I shot it down’ but she knew it wasn’t really her.
“Your records don’t indicate you have ever been instructed; can you tell me how you did that?”
“I just grabbed the aimer thing and pressed the red button?” She smiled weakly.
“That’s it?” The woman muttered in disbelief.
“Err…yes.”
“So professor, you ignored a compulsory evacuation signal to come up here, to a restricted area, entered an even more forbidden cannon emplacement, activated a weapon: somehow, that your records show you having no operational knowledge of, and brought down an enemy warship in a way that…” The woman glanced back over her shoulder towards the wreck. “Probably caused the minimum of casualties,” she looked at Rhea suspiciously. “Can you then at least explain what possessed you to do all that?”
Rhea tried to smile again. “Not really,” quickly followed by, “Other than it is every citizens duty to do whatever they can to defeat the enemy?”
The woman would have probably laughed had she been the kind of a woman who laughed.

In times of war any good news is heroic news, and soon the how and whys of Rheas actions were less important as the Alliances propaganda arm embellished the truth. 
The more she heard the more Rhea was uncomfortable: she had seen others before whose fame and adulation had crumbled at a change in the flow of political opinion, and she knew that if; or once, her fraud was discovered the praise would turn to anger. She tried to dismiss what she had done as pure luck, but the propaganda office promoted her words as modesty. Rhea became a hero. 
Rhea was awarded the Alliance Star of Bravery: it was at the award ceremony that she met Director Ellis.
“My congratulations professor; it seems that at this moment you are the most famous person on the planet?”
“Thank you Director; it is something I am having trouble coming to terms with.”
“Living with fame is often harder than those who seek it realize, and even harder once it is no longer theirs.”
Rhea wasn’t sure if there was more to Ellis’s comment. “I keep reminding myself that everything we do is for the good of all citizens Director, and not just for the glorification of one?”
“Quite so professor, and many who have glorified in it have discovered that fame is fleeting, and is gone as soon as it has come, but for the moment it is your turn; enjoy it while it lasts. Events will come and you will be forgotten”
Rhea could feel it already departing with every word Ellis spoke, and the deep probing look he was giving her didn’t make her feel any better.
“Aside from your obvious courage in battle I wonder if you can be asked to give more to the Alliance?’
Rhea had no idea what more she could give. “I am always ready to serve Director.”
“As we all are professor…” he hesitated. “I am informed you are our leading expert on unusual metals and compounds?”
“I am?” she had never been called that before. “I would not know Director, I do not compare my standards to that of others. But yes, call it curiosity if you will, I do have a fascination in the unknown.” 
“And the reason you have had a key hand in research on the probe that was brought here recently?”
“The probe?” 
“More a collection of scrap meta I am told?”
She suddenly felt an almost warm feeling chase away the embarrassment, taking with it the awe of being spoken to by one of the most superior of the Alliances leaders. She had always loved metal even from childhood. At eleven: to the consternation of her parents, she had built her own mini kiln in the spare room of the apartment. At thirteen she forged a Kirrilian blade with such skill that lectures in university years later still used it as an example equivalent to the original artisans, but there was no call for such a skill and it remained more hobby than occupation: until she was brought the object. She refereed to it that way as to think of it as Director Ellis was describing it was too provocative a thought. 
“Oh… only with and examination of the remains Director.” Her voice betrayed excitement. “There is so much to understand but it has suggested to me a ceramic meld that will be… that I hope will be invaluable to…”
He interrupted her. “You know where it came from professor?”
“Came… No… That is not my field and not for me to speculate on.“
“But you have a suspicion?” he insisted.
“Rumours are common Director,” she began to smile as if it was all a joke, but Ellis wasn’t smiling: her smile faded as he said nothing and just stared directly into the back of her eyes. He expected an answer. “They say it is from Earth,” he still wasn’t smiling. 
“That probe exist ii is not a myth.”
“No, and with thorough examination we will discover its origin.” 
“Until that time where do you think it is from professor?”
“Director I have no idea; there are many who are more qualified to answer that than I?”
“Indeed there are and they too do not believe in myths.”
She hesitated but had to speak. “Excuse me Director but you say that as if there is some possibility that Earth exists?”
“In the past it did.”
Rheas mind was spinning; she had always believed there was a possibility: after all myths have to start somewhere, but it wasn’t what the Alliance promoted as history. “Director this is something that will change everything I have believed in; at this moment I cannot comprehend how much?”
“All of us professor; and maybe not just for the better: it could end us all?”
“I do not understand Director. If the Corporation and we were once one then we could be again. It could end the war?”
“You forget the diverging professor.”
“No Director. It is what made us who we are.”
“But if it never happened?”
She thought for a moment and then fear ran in her veins. “If the diverging never happens then… time takes another path.”
“Myth tells us that before then there was only the Corporation. No diverging and it is only the Corporation that will continue on.”
“And our timeline will. We don’t exist.”
“At this moment we do and can still ensure that we continue to. Professor your courage, loyalty and dedication have demonstrated you are the person we are looking for to lead an expedition. It is absolutely critical that we contact the arcs before the Corporation to ensure the very existence and survival of the Alliance.”
“The arcs?” Thoughts were coming to her mind faster than she could think. 
“We must be the first to contact them and ensure their path to the future is only through the Alliance.”
“But the diverging…”
“Will not happen.”
“But it is an essential part of the myth.”
“And myth it will stay. The arcs will join, or become the Alliance.”
“But that will…” All the paradoxes she had been told must never happen flooded her mind. “What if… what if they won’t?”
“They will when they meet our battle fleet.”
Rhea felt her world was ending; it was Armageddon. She took a deep breath. 
“Everything we do is for the final victory of the Alliance professor, is that not correct?”
It was a direct challenge to her loyalty; if she wavered her fame would not save her. “Whatever is our duty to the Alliance we will do Director.”

Going Back
Though the central security building was one of the grandest structures in the dome, Alexi’s mind was far too occupied to even give it a glance as he strode across the open courtyard towards the imposing portico. All that was on his mind was that it was early; too early to be anywhere but in his quarters, and that wasn’t even considering that it was his first morning back on Terran after two consecutive tours of duty on the frontier. He muttered to himself that he; no…they; the crew deserved better than this after what they had been through.  
The click of his heels on the tiled walkway seemed to drill sharply into his brain, reminding him that last night was supposed to have been a quick gathering. It was always the same at the end of a tour; everybody patted each other on the back, said what a great job they had done, and then quickly went their separate ways.  As commander it was expected that he shout the first round before melting away as serious celebrations began. But it hadn't turned out that way, instead of leaving once he had seen them relax, he had felt the need to stay, and stay; and stay. Now he was paying for it. His head felt thick, his body felt tired. He desperately needed a Krill tablet; not being woken with a summons to come immediately to Ellis’s offices. That was the last thing he needed.
‘Why do they keep the place so cool’, he muttered, his finger adjusting the thermal valve secreted under the uniform lapel. Immediately he felt more comfortable, though he often wondered how much of that was in his mind. 
Outside the weather shield he could see the snow; deep and endless up into the foothills, and on over the peaks of Telic Naile. Bad mood or not, he begrudgingly admitted, it did look remarkably beautiful, especially with the green high forests trusting out of the blanket of white. At times such as this it puzzled him why the ancestors had chosen Terran to colonize, when they had all the other warmer planets to choose from. Still another half a revolution and they would have left the white dwarf that was the binary partner of Sol, and be back in the warmth. Then there would be an explosion of growth. Rain forest vegetation in the coastal regions and baking deserts up on the tablelands. Once more the heat would take over, banishing the cold to the other end of the season. Thinking about it, actually he could see why they had chosen Terran; he smiled to himself.
“Good morning commander.” The voice surprised. No not surprised, startled him back to reality.
“Good Morning Isla,” he replied to the electronically induced sound from his ear implant.
“Director Ellis has been informed of your arrival.”
“What mood is he in?”
“Have I your confidence commander?”
Alexi wondered for a moment who such an attractive; and he had to admit appealing tone of speech, had once belonged to. He put out of his mind that apparently each individual heard what appealed particularly to him, or her. “Of course Isla.”
“Then he is rather grumpy.”
“Oh.” That he didn't want to hear. “Any reason?”
“Not that I can divulge commander.”
“I see… you don’t know.”
“Yes I do commander,” the voice sounded faintly offended.
“And you're going to keep it a secret?”
“I have to commander. You know very well to not do as I am bid would go against the rule of my existence.”
“Yes I know, but even to me?” He tried to sound hurt.
“You put me in a position where my friendship goes against my duty commander.”
“I see. And which shall win?”
“Is there any doubt?”
Alexi sighed deeply, in mock rejection. “I suppose I will have to live with being no more than a cast away, and ignored ex-friend.”
“Commander I doubt you would ever consider yourself as such.”
“No Isla,” he grinned, feeling his mood rising as he looked towards at the first rays of sunlight, glinting off the mountaintops. “And neither do I imagine you would do anything wrong, even for a moment.”
Isla giggled, “Ah commander, you never know?”
“Don’t tell me, you're waiting for the right processor to…” Alexi stopped and shook his head; what a start, he was flirting with a series of induced vibrations in his inner ear.
“Commander?”
“Yes.”
“Actually, If I look over my parameters. Director Ellis did not specify I was not to reveal that he is not alone.”
“Who is he with?”
“A professor Thain.”
“Thain… No… means nothing to me.”
“An anthropologist, at the astrohistory faculty of the college of SeeSay, on Tiber Anwen.”
“Oh,” he said with mock enthusiasm. “That sounds very exciting.”
“Commander…” The voice was slightly scolding. “…Not everyone need's, or sees the life of a soldier as the ultimate achievement.”
“No. I'm sorry. You're quite correct; somebody has to do all the boring stuff.”
There was no reply.  ‘Damned processors’, he muttered silently. Sometimes they were like being joined; you had to be careful with every word or you were always upsetting the other half. His mind suddenly wandered to her. 
It had been this time during last freezing, when they had agreed to separate. It still hurt a little. He had really thought they would be partners for life, but relationships had never been his strong point, and it didn't look as if that was going to change. Thankfully it had been reasonably amicable. What he hadn't expected though was that she would leave after the agreement had been voided, and go back to live on Reigan, taking their three beautiful children with her. He hadn’t, and still didn't want them to go. Yes, practicality it was the best thing for them, but that didn't mean he had to like it. His mind drifted to their faces. It had been a long time since he had felt their embraces. ‘Yes’, he decided, ‘When I've finished with Ellis, I’ll comlink Reigan and ask if I can visit, of course assuming Zaara will give her permission’.
He was in front of the building now. It was set at eight levels above ground, being as there was little chance at this time of the turn that of one of the violent tropical hurricanes would sweep in from the ocean. Though if one did it wasn’t really a problem; it was common knowledge that within twenty parts the whole structure could descend below the surface against nature, or even quicker if under threat of attack by a Carroll warship.
The door was opening. Isla may not be communicating but was still doing what was required. 
He walked onto the inner sixth level. Immediately the sound of birdcalls came to his ears. Long slender trunks of Polly wattle vine reached up to the roof of the atrium. There and lower down swarmed flocks of brightly colored parrots. A primate sat on a branch at his level watching him suspiciously. 
Over the balustrade to his right, six floors down was a small indoor lake. He could just make out the reds, and pinks of flap fish swimming close to the surface. It was all very soothing and peaceful, but Ellis was waiting, and the vator door was opening for him. He stepped inside. “I’m sorry,” he said.
“Sorry. I don’t know what you're referring to commander?” The reply was half curious.
“Everybody has their place. Everybody has their duty, and just because I find it of little interest, I should not belittle them.”
“No you shouldn't commander.” The voice bore a slight chastising tone.  “None are greater, or less useful than another in our society. That is what makes us different from the Carro...”
“This professor...” He interrupted.
“Thain?”
“Thain,” he repeated to himself, “Yes... What has astrohistory got to do with a destroyer’s officer?”
“We are all a product of our roots commander.”
“It’s too early to be cryptic Isla.”
“I wasn’t. I was merely pointing out that we are the sum of our communal experience.”
“I realize that. But there's nothing from the past where I live. I cruise a warship. Fighting on the frontier, protecting the colonies, the future is all that I'm interested in.”
“Many have said and thought the same throughout the history of humankind, and found that the highway to one's destiny is learned on the by-roads of the past.”
“Your not going to tell me anything else before I face Ellis, are you?”
“No commander.”
The vator stopped and the door slid open. He stepped into the outer office. It was empty, except for Alana sat before her screen, entering something into her workstation.  She looked up from behind the desk; lifting her hand as she did; deliberately pushing with her index finger at the bridge of a pair of antique spectacles that were the current fashion. The lenses seemed to hang magically against her forehead. “Commander,” she beamed with obvious pleasure. “How nice it is to see you again.”
“And for me to see you Alana.”
“How do things look on the frontier?”
“Not as nice as they look from where I stand right now.”
“Commander,” she blushed. “You know I'm almost a partner.”
“All the more reason to tell you, before it’s too late and Andor claims his prize.”
Suddenly a booming voice assaulted his ears. “Is that you Commander?”
Alexi hadn't noticed the door was partly open. “Yes director,” he answered formally.
“Then come through, and stop harassing my secretary. She has enough to do without you interrupting her.”
“Director Ellis is waiting to see you commander,” said the silently laughing girl. 
Alexi shook his head as he walked towards the heavy door. He pushed it fully open.
Ellis was standing alongside a large ornate chair. Another was across to his left, and between them was the back of a couch, upholstered in the same brocade material. They formed a semi-circle before a timber fueled fire, burning in the large open grate set into the wall opposite. 
To Alexi’s left was the panorama of the snow-covered mountains. The window was floor to ceiling, and wall-to-wall. As a first impression it appeared the building had no external wall, and many visitors stayed well clear, for in the unaccustomed it caused a distinct feeling of vertigo. Here they were far above the weather shield, and even Alexi had a momentarily feeling of warmth on his right and cold on his left. He quickly turned the thermal valve off. “Director?”
“Come in commander,” the voice was barely warmer than before. “And shut the door.”
Alexi back stepped; then strode silently across the carpeted floor. He had forgotten the third person in the room. Indeed he still couldn't see anyone hidden behind the high back of the couch. It wasn’t until he came alongside it, that he saw her. It hadn't crossed his mind it could be a woman. Now he wondered why. 
She was striking. Long black hair, a perfectly formed face. She was dressed in the latest Terran suit. Alexi knew that from a magazine he had seen lying on some wardroom table recently. She was standing now and offering her arm. “Commander.”
Their fingers clasped about each other's wrists, she felt cool. “Professor Thain,” Alexi said half as a greeting, half with incredibility.
“Isla,” muttered Ellis to his side disapprovingly. He stared vaguely into the air. “Close surveillance on my area.” Then he looked back at Alexi. “You can let go of the professor’s hand now commander,” he grumbled.
Alexi realized it was only he who continued the grip. He dropped his arm to his side.
“I see you already know all about the professor.” Continued Ellis. 
“No…. Well....”He looked at her. “Only that you are an anthropologist from the astrohistory faculty, at SeeSay.”
“Nearly right commander,” she smiled.
Alexi looked at Ellis slightly confused. Isla was rarely wrong. 
The man grunted and spoke. “I take the wise precaution of not disclosing everything I do, even to Isla. But Professor Thain...”
“Director.” She interrupted him. “If we are to work together it would be much easier if I dropped my formal title.”
“As you wish,” Ellis said as he sat down in a single chair. 
“My name is Rhea.” She looked at Alexi.
“Alexi.”
“Yes… I did know,” she smiled and his heart missed a beat. She sat down again. “As you surmised, I am from SeeSay, and from the college of astrohistory. But I am afraid from there on all else becomes a little blurred. I have an office and a workroom in the anthropology faculty, but I am not an anthropologist.” She looked at Ellis, as if seeking his approval.
He nodded at her, and then looked at Alexi. “Sit down commander, your making me feel uncomfortable standing there like a piece of furniture.”
Alexi walked to the other chair as she started to speak again. 
“My position is actually a cover. I work for the D.S.D.”
For a moment Alexi was dumbfounded, and equally impressed. The Department of Scientific Defense was one of the most secretive organizations within the Alliance. There was only one acknowledged office; that was here on Terran, and it employed no more than a dozen people. Of course it was common knowledge, or rather common gossip, that their research facilities were spread throughout the planets, but this was the first time, even with the rank he held, that he had ever had official confirmation the organization existed outside the department’s headquarters, never mind met one of its operatives. Alexi realized he had frozen half seated. He quickly sat and sank into the soft cushion.
She seemed amused. “I take it you know of us.... Alexi?”
“Err… Yes. Well kind of.”
“I assume that means you have listened to rumors?”
“Well yes. To be honest I haven't a clue, other than I probably owe my life to suggestions; ideas, and weapons that you have come up with.”
“Do not give me credit personally Alexi. I’m no more than a contributor,” She winked at him. He hadn't the foggiest idea what it implied. “My personal expertise is in liquid Ferro ceramics...”
Suddenly it came to him. “Thain,” he said out loud interrupting her mid-sentence. 
She stopped and looked at him in surprise. It had been at the back of his mind since he had heard Isla say the name. But the stern and very dowdily dressed woman behind the podium bore little resemblance to the one before him now. “Last summer season I attended reassignment on Taliby. There was a lecture on… on… Cerailium. It… it was very interesting.” He beamed in satisfaction.
“Why Alexi you surprise me.”
“That I remember?”
“No, more that you listened. I thought my entire audience was asleep.”
They both smiled, until Ellis's gruff voice interrupted. “Can we get on with the business we are here for professor?” They fell silent as he took the conversation over. “What the professor is trying to tell you commander is that composite metals and their derivatives are her area of specialization. And the reason she is here is that there are none better.”
Rhea looked at Alexi. “Flattering, but not true director. There are many people who are my equal.”  
Ellis brushed of her diffidence. “Professor, modesty is all well and good, but by my information you come to me recommended as the best, and that’s who I want.”
“I said my equal’s director. I did not say they were better.”
“Then please carry on.”
Rhea suddenly seemed less comfortable. “Commander, future composites are where I am, but we can still learn a lot from analysis of the older and past metals....”
Alexi smiled and thought to himself. 'I've already been here'. 
She was looking at him puzzled, “Commander?”
“.... Please go on.”
“As I was saying. I find it personally interesting. I suppose it could class as a hobby, researching old, rare and disused metals and ores.”
“And an ideal cover at SeeSay.”
“It fits in quite nicely.”
“Yes, but where do I fit into all this?”
“You don’t yet,” said Ellis abruptly. “Please continue professor.”
“In my capacity I have direct access to all Alliance research projects. Recently one of our deep space mining vessels located a probe.”
Alexi stared at her curiously. “Probe... What? A drone?”
“Call it what you like. It was way out in the void area. Heading for Beta Prima, in another hundred thousand turns. Anyway, they were testing deep rock spectrum equipment and had the full range turned on, and there you are, they picked up radioactive decay in the middle of nowhere. They surmised it was an exotic asteroid at first, but the emission was too pure, so they were instructed to send out a scout. And there it was; a probe.”
Alexi looked at a loss towards Ellis. The man sat expressionless.
“It was of tremendous, but limited scientific interest,” continued Rhea.  “And in due course it found its way to SeeSay, where I requested permission to undertake an analysis of the metals….” She hesitated seeing his expression. “There is something you find curious commander?”
He tried to look serious. “You said there was an emission; it was from the probe?”
“Yes… The research was all done in the emissions laboratory. Its power core was Ranium, does that stir any memory?”
“Vaguely. I've never come across it, but I seem to remember from college that it’s very dangerous and volatile: isn’t it?”
“Handled the wrong way, most certainly.”
“If I recall correctly, it's said it would be the first generated clean power that an emerging civilization would come across.”
“I suppose that depends on the interpretation of clean your using. Anyway the metal parts themselves were corroded almost beyond belief. Wherever it had come from, it had been alone in space for many thousands of turns. Its composition was intriguing; basic and impure, yet a fresh perspective as if someone had been working from an entirely new set of rules.”
“So it wasn’t Alliance?”
She looked at him puzzled. “Alliance?”
He saw he was mistaken. “Then it was a Carroll probe?”
There was almost a smile on her face. 
He looked at Ellis confused. 
“You are assuming it’s a probe from sometime in our own past?”
“Yes,” he said uncertainly, unable to imagine an alternative. 
“I suppose that a fair assumption.” Rhea said as if to accommodate his opinion. “But as I said, it was if whoever had created it was going down another technological path. It was all extremely interesting….” Her tone of voice changed. “…But my excitement over its manufacture was nothing compared to what was attached to the side.” She paused a moment, but Alexi showed no anticipation. “There was a small golden plaque. The surface was almost degraded clean, but in our laboratories we were able to reconstruct what patterns or symbols had once been engraved there by examining the sub layer stress marking. And we found that on it the makers had identified themselves.”  She looked at Ellis, again seeking his approval, then back to Alexi, and straight into his eyes. “Have you heard of the planet Earth?”
They both looked at him, and he at them. Nothing was said. At last he shook his head and started to laugh. “Yes I know about Earth.” And he did. It was required reading in grade school, under legend’s and fantasies. When a little older he had sat through an elective class on the myth, bored out of his mind. So he did know about Earth, but if it hadn't have been for his awakening interest in the opposite sex; particularly for a girl named Juliana he wouldn't have had a clue. 
Earth, the home planet of the ancestors! They had destroyed it with wars, and contamination before they were driven off as its temperature climbed past human tolerance. The stories said they had lived for a few generations in massive orbiting satellite cities called arcs, before they gave the planet up as lost and set sail in a convoy to colonize another star system. Then at some time there had been the diverging, and the arcs: there were supposed to have been sixty of them, split into two factions. One founded Terran and the others colonized Plar, as the Corporation’s headquarters. They had been at war ever since. “Earth...”
They both stared at him without speaking.
“...Are you serious?” He said disbelievingly.
Neither replied. 
His reply was far less humorous as he realized. “You are serious?”
“Commander,” Ellis at last spoke, sitting forward in his chair. “When you come through that door everything; every... thing… that is discussed; is serious.”
“Yes Dire….”
“... And I advise you that if you think this is some kind of entertainment venue, you use it to walk right back out of here.” His voice firmed. “Right; now.”
“I am sorry Director…” he turned to the woman. “Professor. I meant no disrespect.”
“That is debatable commander.” Snorted Ellis. “You are well known for your attitude, sometimes it borders on near arrogance. I tell you this; that there are those in the inner sanctum who argued against you being chosen, to the point of implying that you are dangerous to your own side.”
“Director...” Alexi blurted out defensively.
“Your loyalty is not under question at this time commander. I accept that. It is how you have occasion to use it.” Ellis grunted as he relaxed back into the cushions. 
“Alexi,” said Rhea softly into the tense atmosphere. “I know the existence of Earth is relegated to mystics and fringe cultures, and I will readily admit that I too, until recently didn't give the stories too much credit. Each culture needs its legends, we have ours, and strangely or not, it is the same as the Corporations. But we could quite possibly have had a mutual origin with or without it being on a planet on the other side of the galaxy.... and before you say it, yes it was very convenient that the arc carrying humankind's entire history was lost. Neither do I know where the remaining arcs or any trace of them are, or of proof anything in the legends ever existed. It is up to one to believe, and I did not; not until I opened that crushed little spacecraft. Now I know Alexi, Earth does…. or did exist.”
Her words were so passionate, so spoken from the heart that Alexi could not reply. At last he mumbled a few words. “Professor… Rhea...  I‘m sorry. I do not doubt your sincerity. I plead that you are right, and our culture can have had such an origin, rather than being the planet hoppers we know ourselves as. Yes I want to believe, but I can’t. I am a soldier. I must believe what I see for myself.”
“That’s enough,” snapped Ellis. “I’ve heard what I want to hear from both of you.” He stood up and walked to the hearth, reached onto the mantelpiece and took a smoking pipe from the shelf. Only the crackle of the fire echoed around the room as he stuffed a small wad of brown shredded leaf into the pipe's bowl. He bent down and lit a taper from the flames and drew deeply. “Well commander?”
For a second Alexi thought he was about to be dismissed.
“… Are you prepared to do what you claim?”
“Claim? Director I don’t know what is being asked of me. As I have said I am a soldier. With all due respect, history is, well at least this kind of history, is of no use to me on the bridge of the Warrior.”
“Well, that’s where you are so very wrong commander. More wrong than you realize. Our future lies forty thousand turns in the past, and the ship you command is one of the very few that can ensure us any future at all.”
“I still don’t understand.” But Alexi lied. He knew what was about to be said, but his heart refused to accept it until he heard the words.
“Damn it commander are you thick? I want you to return to the beginning of our history.”
“I’ll do it.” Came the immediate and abrupt reply. 
“What…. Yes…. Well good. Then it is settled.” He looked at Rhea. “Two parts did you say professor?”
“Yes.”
“Then there is only one more thing. Commander this mission could be more dangerous than it sounds. I want every single member of your crew to volunteer.”
“There will be no problem director. There’s not one of them that haven’t already put their life on the line. When I tell them they will fight for the chance…”
“That’s the point, they are not to know.”
“Not to know…. Not to know what director?”
“Nothing commander. Nothing at all. I want every one of your crew to volunteer to blindly follow you.”
“But my 2.I.C?”
“Not even you’re second in command.”
Alexi was a military man he understood security but their lives depended on logistics. “I understand director, but the Warrior needs appropriate data and adequate fuel, and the crew need suitable provisions.”
“Not your navigator, not your engineer, not even whoever it is who runs your canteen. Nobody commander.”
It was a direct order and he tried to hide his displeasure. Even under the condition he had no doubt they all would leap at the opportunity, but his command ran a little differently to that. Yes he was ultimately in control; that was beyond question, but his door was always open. It was what made him... him. What had he been called during his last appraisal? ‘Erratic’. Yes he was, if a good idea came up in a briefing and it wasn’t his, or what he would normally do, he still used it, and on occasion with spectacular results. The Corporation could vouch for that. But this was different; they had a right to know.
“Well commander?” Pressed Ellis.
“I will put it to my crew as you order director.”
Ellis looked at him coldly as if weighing the answer as defiance. “Do what you want. Tell them what you like, but nothing that will indicate why, what or where they will be going. Understand?”
Alexi nodded sullenly.
Ellis looked at Rhea. “You can give it to him.”
She opened an attach case laid beside her chair, and took out a green pouch
“The other?” said Ellis.
“It’s inside,” she handed it to Alexi.
Alexi unclipped the catch. Green was for scientific projects. Inside he saw a data tablet and a smaller red pouch. He looked up at Ellis.
“The Green folder contains all the loading and departure information for an exploratory trip to PengisIII,” said Ellis. “Ruins were found there recently, and being as it is in the forbidden zone a warship will seem appropriate for carrying civilians. Basically it says you’re to go in for a quick investigation of the site.”
“And the red?” Asked Alexi 
“When you get to the point designated as limit of last survey, you will contact SeeSay and inform them that you are about to enter uncharted Pengis space. They will tell you to commence the survey. At that point you will open those sealed orders and change your heading to that described in those documents. From that moment you will personally ensure that no further communications leave your vessel. Once done, and not a moment before, you can inform your crew you are about to enter Tachyon space.”
“Time travel?” Alexi gasped before he had chance to think.
“I prefer the other terms, but yes.”
Alexi felt compelled to point out the obvious. “Director as a commander it is not for me to question a mission, but…. time options are against the articles of warfare.”
“No it is not for you to question orders commander, but as long as you follow a strict secrecy regime, the Corporation will never know; anyway by your reputation, I doubt another transgression would seem to bother you too much.”
Again Rhea came in as peacemaker. “Alexi. Earth is a long way away, even using the closest folds in space-time. Even at light speed it could take many turns to get there. The director tells me that your spacecraft has been into Tachyon time and your back here now.”
“Yes. We have bored past the barrier, but purely as a test.” He glanced cautiously at Ellis before continuing. “I assume that it has been revealed to you that the Warrior is one of the few craft that has the hull integrity to attempt such a feat. But it wasn’t outlawed for no good reason. There is a distinct chance of disintegration, and for the odds of ending up in another universe?” Alexi opened his arms wide.
She looked at him.” I know the risks. I am prepared to take them.”
Her words surprised him. “You?”
“I'm coming with you. Didn't you understand that?”
“Well no. I thought a few science officers but?”
“I am.”
“Of course. I'm sorry. There is so much to consider.”
“My party will be small; myself and four others.”
“Five, plus the Warriors crew. You know the accommodation arrangements?”
“That it is not designed for that many people? I have been told.”
He didn’t look forward to sharing the Warrior with civilians, especially being as at least one of them would be D.S.D, but he tried to sound cooperative. “I'm sure we can manage, though all of our accommodation will be cramped.”
“More than you think commander,” said Ellis, “You will also be taking a considerable amount of specialized equipment.”
“I see… That’s why the two parts?”
“Time for your ship to be stripped of everything, but essentials.”
“It is a warship director. I believe everything already has been taken to that level,” he smiled weakly.
“That we will see.” Muttered Ellis. “Very well commander. Go, do what is necessary.”
Alexi stood. “There was one thing?”
“And that is?”
“Tachyon time. I am greatly concerned that my crew will not have the opportunity to consider its consequences before…volunteering.”
“We are at war commander. Each time you lift off could be the last. You know that, and they know that. It is something you have already accepted. It is up to you to carry the gravity of the situation to them however you like. But I will warn you that the Warrior will go with your crew, or replacements. With you as commander: or with another. Is that clear?”
“Yes Director.”
Ellis looked threateningly at him. “…And any person who happens to find out the destination before you depart will be shipped off to do duty in the furthest mining colony I can find, until you return. Is that clear?”
“As crystal Director.” 
Ellis looked at the timepiece on the wall. “I will allow you until after the mid meal to make arrangements and inform you’re crew to be back on the seventeenth. Any that are not back will report to fleet administration for reassignment…. including yourself.”
“Some will have arranged shuttles to their home planets; that is not much time for them to change their plans.”
“Then go commander. More time passes even as we talk.”  
Alexi walked back to the door. Part of him was bursting with excitement at what lay ahead. He was ready to go now, and he was certain the others would be with him, if only he could tell them. He had never lied to them before; yes he had bent the truth, but not the outright lie he felt he was now faced with. It sat heavily on him. They all could die and not even in a blaze of glory. They would just pop out of existence, and no one would ever know. What the hell if the Corporation found out. They didn't want a burnt cinder any more than the Alliance did. He passed his hand over the door activator and pulled it open; then stopped and turned. Ellis was leaning down towards Rhea.  Alexi spoke hesitantly “The inner sanctum?”
Ellis looked up. “What about it?”
“Another commander was considered?”
“You are commander of the vessel. Protocol determines only that you be considered first.” He went to speak to the professor again but Alexi persisted.
“I was spoken against?”
“Prove me wrong commander.” Ellis said dismissively as he bent back towards the woman, turning his back on Alexi as if to end the conversation. 
Alexi closed the door behind him.  
 
Walking through the blast doors and onto the gantry rail, Alexi leaned forward to gaze down at the Warrior. A feeling of pride swept through him. It was always the same. She was his. His alone, how could Ellis have threatened to put someone else in the command seat? 
The flowing shape of the sleek saucer showed it was built for both atmosphere and deep space. But those seductive lines were the only thing that pleased him. Around and about it the scene was chaotic. Crates and packages were strewn across the service bay as if a cyclone had been through. Technicians and mechanics jostled for entry; or exit from the hull, even including the emergency pod. Alexi doubted she: he thought of the Warrior as female, had ever had as many souls on board since she came out of assembly. He ran his hand loosely over the rail and started down the gantry steps. 
The voices didn't get louder as he descended, they just became clearer from the clatter and hum of machinery; above them all was the voice of Claries, as she demanded and cajoled workers and machinery to their tasks. He had no need to ask, the Warrior was in capable hands, and tonight the adventure would begin.  

There was no sensation of movement, other than through the solar shield they could see that the Warrior was slowly lifting off the service floor. Already the heavy bay doors were almost retracted into the ground. 
‘This was it’ thought Alexi, ‘up and off into the wild blackness, to... Well who knew where?’ It did trouble him slightly. Of course on a tour of duty he never knew where they would actually end up. Even pre-academy he had piloted with his father, underage, unqualified, and illegally on a couple of explorations to the forbidden areas. But this time it was different. They really were going out into the unknown. He wondered how she felt; he turned in his chair, nodded to Claries, and looked back towards Rhea. “Professor would you like to give the command?”
“Me? Oh... What do I say?”
He smiled to himself. “What comes to your mind?”
“Err... Let's go,” she smiled stumbling over the few words, unsure of what was needed.
“That'll do.” Already they were moving forwards, and out onto the launch ramps. He looked out beyond the mountains towards the final rays of the setting sol. His eyes lifted slightly to the wide view of their rear presented on a screen above the solar screen. “Number one?”
Claries barely looked up from her workstation. “All systems going mainstream commander. Engines seventeen percent standard drive. Climb rate seventy-five degrees.”
He looked around at the darkening landscape. Terran: when would they see it again? “What did you say before professor?”
“Me? Let's go. Is that right?”
She needed no answer, with barely a feeling of movement the landscape suddenly dropped below the screen. Outside the dark mountains rapidly became the pitch-blackness of outer space, peppered as it was with many billion specks of light. Above the solar screen the white planet shrunk away on the rear view. 
Alexi stood. “You have the ship number one.” He looked down at the seated woman. “Well professor we are on our way. There's nothing for us to do now but wait until we are ready to commence the survey. Can I get you some refreshment?”
“No thank you commander. I have much still to do, and right now I need to talk with my associates.” She stood and briskly left the cabin.
For a few moments Alexi stood wondering if he should follow. Refusing an invitation from the commanding officer was not normal protocol on a warship, but considering she was a civilian, and a scientist at that, maybe she didn’t understand. He decided to take refreshments alone. It was not a wise decision; without a distraction, his doubts began to trouble him. Maybe it was a response he had evolved to counter the unpredictability of conflict; but he liked to run the ship and his life in a regulated way, and events were not working out as he had hoped. He found Rhea a very attractive woman, though of course he couldn't be overly obvious about it. They were both in charge of their respective commands, but maybe a friendship? Maybe later back on Terran something more could develop? Right now it didn't look likely, in fact since she and the other scientists had come aboard, she had almost gone to the point of being dismissive of him. Yes she was engrossed in her work, and apparently had been from the moment the first equipment had arrived on the Warrior, continually attending to some problem or another. 
Occasionally she had come for advice, but each time she had seemed to get frostier. So okay an affair was out of the question, but was friendship too much to ask? He shrugged it out of his mind and walked along the narrow; now narrower corridor to the canteen, and opened the door. Three crew members and two scientists were sitting around the table set in the center of the room. The crew huddled at one end and the scientists at the other. So it wasn’t just him. There was a divide already established between the civilians and his own. It was not good, they needed to act as a team, He was commander, he couldn't allow things not to flow, but at his own level he was having the same problems.
It wasn’t his or their making; military and civilians never mixed. It was one of those paradoxes peculiar to the human species. Nobody liked the idea of war and killing, even he, if the truth was known, but without an armed defense Terran would have centuries ago become a subsidiary of the Carroll Corporation. Maybe when they all knew what the mission was about, it would be different? 
The thought suddenly came to him, ‘do the scientists already know?’ It couldn't be just a general survey party, surely that would be wasteful to send simple archaeologists rather than planetary specialists. And if they were specialists would their specialty be the same on PengisIII as on Earth? For a moment Alexi was irrationally angry. Had they been picked for their expertise, and knew what was expected of them, yet it was deemed that his crew was less than trustable. Alexi pushed another doubt to the back of his mind. He was falling into the same trap that all the others seemed to be.  
“Kale,” he said loudly to the central crewmember. Kale was systems analyst. Usually a position of some tedium, for the Warrior generally looked after herself, but not always. Those times, especially in battle, Kales job became colossal. A system off line rendered the Warrior weak, or at worst helpless. That had never come to pass; to Alexis mind Kale was the best. “Our guest's requirements are not causing you any problems?”
“None that are of any concern Alexi.” He spoke casually, and without any regard that he was talking to his commanding officer; there was no need. Here in the canteen, was the unofficially acknowledged, non-rank area aboard the Warrior. In this small room the lowest to highest ranks would speak their minds, or air their grievances. Alexi had made it clear to every member of the crew that anything went in this room, but outside he expected total commitment. And it had worked, as a team they flowed around any problem like mercury... apparently until now.
A young blond woman was moving her seat making room for Alexi. Kat was weapons officer. She was short, by a head and more than Alexi. Petite; and without being unkind, plainly attractive. Yet probably the most deadly female Alexi had ever met. 
The image of a woman behind a gun often didn't sit right on the female gender. It was assumed women’s nurturing, maternal, and preservation instincts would always be stronger, and to a point that was true. Kat had a side so soft and caring that she had gathered a reputation for being an easy meal, or home to any stray creature in the system. But like their casual approach to each other in this room, when she sat in gun bay command, she was a different person; nothing came in the way of her destroying the enemy. 
There had been rumors of mistreatment by the Corporation on her birth planet before her sister had smuggled her out. She never spoke of what had happened, or of her family. 
Alexi sat between her and Grunt. It was a nickname the second woman wore not with pride, but as more of a statement. Her real name was Wendy. She was the complete opposite to Kat. A tower of a woman, and as strong as any man aboard. Wendy had done her training on fleet freighters, and had worked up to leading engineer. A fellow crewman, drunk in a bar one night had provoked her, laughing to his friends about the noises she made when wrenching open a reluctant bolt or fitting. He lived to regret it, but only just; she nearly lost her job, never mind her freedom. As it was she was reduced in rank, and now was assistant engineer.  Since her problem Wendy demanded that all aboard call her Grunt off duty. She claimed it was part of her punishment for not holding her temper, and every moment she needed to be reminded of that. Alexi didn't believe that was true, and he could see a good side to her demotion, it was selfish, but now he had two first class engineers.  
Alexi thought again how lucky he was to have these people as part of his crew. 
“Number three with two?” said Kale getting up and stepping a couple of paces to the dispenser. 
“No. Five with three,” answered Alexi.
“Bad orbit, eh?”
“Bad four orbits.”
“The trip didn’t go too well?” said Kat sympathetically.
“Yea, it was great,” he said unconvincingly. “It…just didn't work out exactly as planned.”
She knew enough to ask no more. “How are the girls?”
“Terrific. Really good.”
“They'll be growing up?”
“Yea, a turn away from them, and they seem to have grown ten.” Alexi didn't really want to talk about it; he looked across to the scientists. They were talking quietly between themselves. “No problems with your team?” he enquired of the men. 
One, Ferguson Alexi vaguely remembered. He was the smaller of the two; though that was marginal, his main difference was that he appeared more wiry than the second, spoke.  “Everything is adequate commander. Obviously we would have preferred more room for more equipment, but apparently we have already overused our allowance.”
“We are all making sacrifices.” Alexi tried not to sound sarcastic.
“Quite so, still I suppose we can wait until the main thrust arrives.”
“Main thrust?” echoed Alexi, his interest suddenly aroused. 
“I mean…. until we can organize a major expedition. The ruins will have to be properly excavated.” The man was suddenly standing. He pushed at his companions shoulder. “If you will excuse us. We have work to do.” They quickly left the room.  
“What was all that about?” said Alexi, looking at his fellow crewmembers.  
“Who knows?” said Kale placing a steaming mug in front of him. “They’re a weird lot these scientists.”
“Maybe so, but until we get back to Terran… were all going to have to live together.”  

It was three hours later that Alexi had chance to talk to Rhea alone, or as close to it as was possible. “I need to know something?”
“Go ahead and ask.”
“What's the main thrust?”
He was watching her eyes as he spoke. It was imperceptible, but the twitch told him all he needed to know.
“The what?”
“The main thrust.”
“Something to do with your engines, I suppose?”
Her reply annoyed him. “Professor this ship and my crew are at your disposal, but I won't accept putting either at risk.”
Her reply was sharp. “Isn’t that the point of a warship?”
“No, the idea is to know what’s we’re up against so there is no risk”.
“Well I’m no mystic so I can’t help you.”
“I don’t need help, just to know what’s going on.” 
“Has this got something to do with my work? Or is it some kind of machismo kick you expect as commander of this vessel?”
Against all he knew he let his annoyance get the better of him. “Don’t let's start playing games. Something is going on that I don’t know about, isn’t it?”
“Nothing is ‘going on’.” She said firmly, as they stared hostilely at each other. “So is there something else? Or can I get on with my work?” she almost snarled. 
“No professor. It seems there is nothing further for us to discuss.”
She strode away, leaving him as angry as he had been in ages. 

From a distance PengisIII was as uninspiring as Alexi had expected, consequently he took little interest above a cursory inspection. “We are the limit of the last survey.” He said to Rhea stood beside him.
She nodded noncommittally.
“It seems it’s time to revisit our directions.”
“Apparently so.”
He looked at his second in command. “Inform SeeSay that we are about to enter uncharted Pengis space, then lock the communications console and join us in my cabin.”
Her curt nod of understanding, merged with a look of curiosity. 

Alexi opened the small safe, put in his hand and withdrew the red satchel. He turned to face Claries coming through the door. “Number one. There are some changes to our flight orders.”
She looked between him and Rhea 
“Sit down, this may take some explaining.”
She sat alongside Rhea on Alexi’s bunk. Together they looked much the same. Age, build, Claries hair was maybe a little redder. Both striking women: both at the pinnacle, or close to it, in their respective careers, and both very driven personalities. 
His second in command listened without the emotion, or the frivolity that Alexi had displayed as he had been briefed on the probe and its implications. She looked at the red pouch. “That’s where were going?”
“Yes.” He dropped it on the bench to his side. “I wanted you to know before the rest of the crew. I'm afraid it’s not much before, but I owe you priority.”
“I understand.”
“I hope you do. These last two parts I have felt guilty of betraying yours and the crews trust.”
“It was not of your making or choice commander. In any case we... and I speak for everybody on the Warrior; will go wherever we are needed. You don’t have to explain or remind us of our duty.”
“I know. I never doubted. I just wish I could have told you before.”
She looked at the satchel. “Well commander. Put us out of our suspense.”  
  
The command deck was packed. It was never designed for this many people at one time.  Alexi faced a stunned silence. He had tried to look at everyone's reaction as he announced their destination. 
Everybody, or almost everybody, other than the two scientists from the previous meeting, who seemed a little bored; showed some kind of reaction. “Isn't that very dangerous?” one asked meekly.
Alexi gave a glance to Claries. “Abbot,” she whispered.
“Yes Mr. Abbot. It can be, but the Warrior has tunneled on test before.”
“But what's the other side. I mean what's there?”
Alexi almost sighed. “I can't answer that.”
“Can’t answer.” The scientist said indignantly. “What, it’s some kind of military secret?”
“No. I can’t answer because I don’t know.”
“You don’t know?”
“In theory yes, but not by experience.”
“But you said this ship had been there?”
“It has. We all have, but it was a controlled exercise. We tunneled, entered Tachyon space, and them immediately dropped back out.”
“Observations must have been made?”
“To all intents and purposes the other side is the same as this side.”
“But you don’t know?”
“This is not a suicide mission. There are extreme dangers, so I won't deny or hide them, but there theoretically is no reason why the Warrior will not be able to tunnel safely.”
“But right now we don’t have a choice do we?” pressed Abbot
“At this point no. This briefing is to inform you, not to get your approval. You all have given that when you signed up. I realize that some of you are not accustomed to deep space travel, but my crew are competent to undertake tunneling, and cope with any contingency….” ‘Well almost any contingency’, he thought. “…That may occur. If any of you would like clarification of anything related to this ship, I'm happy to talk to you individually. If anyone has questions about Earth I suggest you talk to Professor Thain.” Out of the corner of his eye he saw her shoot him a look of disapproval. It gave him a satisfied feeling. “Now unless anyone has any more questions, the crew needs to begin preparations.”
The Arcs
The black hole grew before them. It was an awesome sight. Even though they were common; too common for some; the majesty, the power, the beauty they held would never diminish for him. They were already in its gravitational grip, their engines on idle as they were ever faster sucked inwards.
Rhea had noticed that the craft had started buffeting; nothing serious, just a kind of vibration running up through her body; but enough to unnerve her. 
As if he knew her mind Alexi half turned in the command chair, speaking over his shoulder. “It may be more comfortable if you fastened your gravity straps professor.”
Quickly, almost too quickly she reached above her shoulder and pulled the clasp out and around her body. It was the one single belt, but it seemed to envelop her. “Don’t destroyers have neutralizers?”
“Our previous test showed that what we are about to experience is far greater than normal systems can cope with.”
His words were far from comforting. She had been apprehensive about the whole tunneling process from the start. Okay if she…. they were going to die, so be it; but that didn't mean she wanted the process prolonged. Her mind was diverted by Claries voice.  
“Seventy percent.”
“Commander?” said Rhea anxiously.
“Yes professor.”
“When we pass light speed... Is there any…. sensation?”
“You mean do we feel it?”
“Or see something?”
“Sorry to disappoint you, but no, well other than a Doppler effect.”
She spoke hesitantly, slightly embarrassed. “I thought with the shock-wave?”
“The hydrogen wall?”
She was a scientist and it felt slightly humiliating asking a soldier to explain scientific fact. “My science is planet bound.”
“The accumulation of hydrogen, moments before light speed kept us prisoner until we developed tunneling. At the moment of Terelectron shock-wave, the radiation will be extreme, but we will pass through too quickly for harm to be done.
“Then the vibrations?”
“What you’re feeling is the black hole. I thought you knew...?”
She tried to smile. “A briefing is not the same as the experience.”
“Of course...”
“Eighty percent,” interrupted Claries.
He again spoke to Rhea. “Close down non-essential systems, divert power to hull integrity.” Then back to her. “Professor stop me if I go over what you know, but when you hear of talk about the Warrior; or any other craft traveling at light speed, it actually means just that. I remember a lecturer I once had describing it to me. Light speed is like a dyke on a plain. You have two steep embankments with a channel between. If you take a long enough run, and if you have enough strength, you can get up the outside of the embankment. Then you run down with ease into the channel. Now you can run up along the channel as far as you want. But say you wanted to get to the other side. By standing on top of the first embankment you could run down and across the channel as many times as you like, but without the run up you would probably never make it to the top. That’s why the early experiments never got past light speed, and traveled at it, well as good as.”
“And getting back?”
“The channel scenario is purely an analogy. In the return case think more of an electron field loosing energy and dropping back out of orbit. Returning doesn't present us with too many problems, though again apparently it did to the pioneers.”
“So how do we get to Tachyon space, according to your lecturer?”
“Easily, if you can't climb over a wall, you dig through both embankments, and come out the other side. Hence, we tunnel.”
“Your teacher seems to have been a very down to Earth person.”
Alexi turned in his chair and looked at her. “Is that a pun?”
“No,” she said innocently.  
“Well. No.” He said sitting back. “He wasn’t, but he got the point through.”
“So our digging tool is the Black hole?”
“Yes.”
“Correct me if I’m wrong…” she knew she wasn’t. “…But doesn’t time slow the closer we come to light speed; to the point where time as good as ceases to exist?” 
“Yes, and the time warping becomes the key to leaving this reality, it’s all in the….” he hesitated searching for a suitable word, but couldn’t find one. “…Approach....”
“That sounds almost like cheating,” she said slightly disappointed. “I was under the impression the Warrior had some amazing ability to zip between time epochs at the flick of a switch.”
Alexi’s voice was defensive. “I’m simply pointing out the physics.” He wondered if her apparent lack of knowledge was real: did she say something only to make him underestimate her. Intelligent women sometimes did that to make a man feel smarter, but why would she? “Tunneling is still not well known and until we have more experience we stick to the basics. What we do know is that approaching the event horizon in different ways produces an opposite effect on the departure. Our engines are at zero thrust while we are approaching the event horizon. At a precise moment we commit everything the ship has in one burst, so instead of time slowing until it appears to stop, we achieve light speed at the boundary of the virtual particle emission jet. A little bit of fancy flying and were ejected out, the other side of light speed; mirror image into Tachyon space.”
“As easy as that?”
“As easy as that.”
“What makes me think your glossing over the negative's?”
“Negatives?”
“Like actually entering the event horizon. Approaching at the wrong angle or velocity, and being torn into atoms. Appearing in a parallel bubble. Shall I go on?”
“I didn't think you wanted to know about things like that?”
“I don’t. So please don’t point out anything that I have missed.”

The swirling ring was almost filling their view. Rhea tried to see where it began; but the color change from black to deep, deep red was so subtle that she couldn’t. It just seemed that the blackness of space merged into the outer reaches of the dust ring. The same could not be said for the distant lip of the void itself. Here the particles had been so super-heated by friction that they glowed the most brilliant white, until suddenly they dropped out of existence. There at that point, the line between black and white was so sharp and abrupt, that it hurt her eyes to concentrate on it. 
As remarkable as the sight was, it was the emission that her eyes sought. Their lifeline, the road they would ride out and follow to the unknown. It was there, faint, but becoming clearer with every passing moment. 
It too seemed to appear out of nowhere. A fountain of particles reaching up and out into space, away from the axis of the hole like a giant spray of glitter. 
Somewhere between the two visual displays lay their future, and ultimately that of mankind's. She was acutely aware that she was prepared to trust this man with her life, but not with the secret she carried. “Would you tell me when we reach light speed?” she said.
“I won't have to. Listen to number one; she'll talk us all the way through.”
As if she had heard Claries spoke. “Approaching committal point commander.”
His voice lost all of the apparent friendliness of an instant ago. A bold, confident tone now carried the clear and sharp words. “Affirmative. Take us in.”
‘We may all die in a few moments from now’. Rhea thought, but Ellis was right, she would have gone with the best. Her reassured thoughts evaporated at the sudden screaming of an alarm. Rhea's heart sprang up into her throat. The light’s failed and the room fell into darkness. It was only with the most extreme will that she did not cry out. She felt her lips dry, her skin began to crawl. Her breath came in short gasps. But she was the only one. No one else muttered a word as the cabin became bathed in a red glow. 
“Battle station ready,” said Claries calm efficient voice. 
Rhea forced herself to breathe slowly. Her heart felt as if it was about to tear out of her breast. Slowly she realized they were on the ultimate level of alert. For a moment her fear had almost betrayed her again. 
The swirling disk filled their forward view. It was as if nothing else existed in the universe except the brilliant whirlpool that was about to consume them. The slow, almost sedate rotation of moments ago was rapidly changing to a vision of confused violence, as the outermost fringes passed underneath. After millennia adrift, the grains of dust, boulders, and mountain-sized chunks jostled and crashed together, in their last throes of existence; seemingly meters below.
The command room was silent as everyone concentrated on their tasks. Rhea wished there was a noise. The tick tock, of her great grandmother's timepiece would feel so welcome now. Would she ever go back to the isolated mountain again?
The red glow below had disappeared. Now they passed over the yellowing zone. Almost gone was the chaos. The unfortunate rocks had been whipped into submission as they sped along in orderly overlapping lines. They were almost there.
“Approaching zero thrust,” said Claries casually.
Rhea remembered a lecture she had attended. It was lamely announced as ‘Psychological effects relating to the human physiology in extreme gravity conditions’. The lecture had been as dry as the title, but one thing jumped back into her mind. At zero thrust the hole had complete power over them. 
As if she understood Rheas thoughts Claries spoke. “Zero thrust.”
Rhea knew that at this moment; at this time, the gravity drawing them to oblivion was stronger than the power they had available to get out. If they didn’t get through to the ejection field she was already as good as dead. 
“Point nine light.”
Even as the woman said it, Rhea could feel that they were slowing down. She felt the Warrior was dropping, her stomach lifted. Of course it was an illusion, and one that still seemed incomprehensible. The faster you went the slower you traveled. Is it any wonder she had chosen metallurgy. Metal was metal. Rock was rock. It was something you could always rely on to be the same.
Rhea tried to focus her academic mind on the scene below. It seemed almost stationary now, but she knew they were traveling incredibly fast. Deep in her memory she remembered the face of a teacher, somewhere, sometime, telling her there was a paradox. …. Simpkins paradox. Actions were relevant only to the time frame of observation. If she looked away; inside the warrior, everything was normal. Outside was anything but. Mass increased, stretched, slowed; everything that common sense told her it couldn’t, it did. Was there any wonder that observing a second frame from the first caused a paradox that the mind dealt with in terms of the first frame? Everything was an optical, a neuroptical illusion.
“Point nine five.”
Ever more slowly creeping over into the brilliant white of oblivion. The mountains were no more. The boulders had crumbled to powder. Her friends the rocks had no benefit of hull integrity. Outside dust was the order of the day.
  “Point nine six.”
 The warnings came more frequently now, or was it her imagination.
“Point nine seven.”
The vibration had given way to a definite, nerve wracking bucking, when at last Alexi spoke. “Maximum internal gravity.”
Rhea felt herself glued to her chair.
“Point nine eight.”
“This is the commander speaking.” The voice carried throughout the craft. “We are about to achieve light speed. For those of you never having experienced it before. There may be slight psychological discomfort. It will…”
Rhea anxiously wondered what he meant by psychological discomfort He hadn’t mentioned anything before 
“Point nine, nine.” Droned Claries
“...Soon pass. I’ll talk to you on the other side.”
She noted how confident he seemed, that was not how he had come across before, had he tried to unsettle her? Was it some power trip he enjoyed holding over non-flyers? 
“Point nine, nine five.”
She stared at the solar shield. Now there was only blackness below it gave her a sick hollow feeling, the same one she had in the mountains when standing too close to the edge, and knowing just emptiness lay below her. She lifted her eyes from the complete abyss toward the fountain of streaming yellow particles dancing tantalizingly before them.
“Point nine, nine seven,” Claries was almost speaking continually now. “... Nine eight.”
Rhea realized she wasn’t breathing. She couldn't.
“...Nine, nine.”
She wanted to close her eyes but couldn't.
Even Claries voice had taken on an urgent emotion. “Light speed… Super-heating…. ignition…”
At last Alexi spoke. “Maximum power to reactors.”
Nothing seemed to happen. Rhea gripped the armrests with white knuckles. Her mind told her that they still hurtled forward, and downward. Had the engines misfired? The terrifying thought screamed in her brain. She couldn't see Alexi’s expression. A feeling of nausea swept over her.
“Bring her up,” his voice seemed so welcome, so comforting. 
But nothing happened; time did stand still. A season, two, three… they seemed to peel away from her life as she looked into absolute nothingness. Then at long last they were lifting. Gradually the Warrior was tearing itself away from the void.
“Time we were out of here,” said Alexi to no one in particular as he coaxed the Warrior's nose reluctantly away from the blackness.
Slowly, so very slowly the emission stream began to ease across their forward view. Even slower it moved down past them. Then almost as if by magic they had it beneath, and the welcome speckled blackness of space emerged above. Their relative speed was building and they began to move over the emission stream. Glancing urgently up she could see nothing in the rear view screen, but she knew there behind was the singularity; hidden; still drawing, still waiting for them; still ready and unwilling to give up its meal without a fight. 
Now they were running under every gram of power the Warrior could produce. Skimming along the emission fountains edge until it sped under them as they picked up its ejection energy; and were spat out of the holes gravity sump, like a baby's pacifier from the mouth of oblivion. Now everything seemed to happen in an instant, as they rocketed forward at an unbelievable speed. The shrinking hole dwindling to a total nothingness behind, as around them the stars changed, red to blue, blue to red. 
Suddenly there was the alarm again, but this time not as shrill, not as long, and accompanied by the faint flickering between the red glow and bright normal light. 
“Cut internal gravity, re-establish normal working modes,” said Alexi, as he released his own harness and stood. “Professor?”
“Are we there?”
“In Tachyon space?”
“Yes.”
“We are… and traveling back in time?” He nodded. “I can't be precise but I'd guess you were born in the region of thirty instants ago.”
“What?” her eyebrows lowered in part confusion.
“In theory we should be traveling back in the region of six seasons per instant.”
“We are?” She smiled.
“Something like that. Don’t hold me to it, but around eight sleeps from now; as my children would say, and we'll be seeing the truths or myths about....” Whatever Alexi was about to say was interrupted by Philip, the navigation officer. He was a little older than Alexi; in fact he was the oldest crewman on the Warrior. 
“Commander.”
Alexi looked away from Rhea. It puzzled him why Philip had called to him so abruptly. He was supremely conscientious. In fact too much so, and Alexi had, had to take him aside to try and get him to ‘lighten up’ on more than one occasion. It was to no avail, Philip seemed to be out to prove himself; rumour had it that he felt he was too old for combat, and was constantly on the lookout to show he was up to it.
“Yes Nav?”
“I have a reading that does not compute commander.”
“In what way?”
“I can’t explain its reason.”
“Tell me.”
“As we came out of tunneling, the hole was resealing itself. Then it seemed to fluctuate.”
“Seemed?”
“It did fluctuate.” He said more sharply.
“Can you be more specific?”
“It was half closed. It opened, and then closed again.”
“Could that be expected?”
“Theoretically no. But without data from a number of tunnels we can’t know what is normal or what’s not.”
“Explanations?”
“Only one that I can think of right now. That we drew something out of the accretion disc and took it with us.”
There was doubt in Alexi’s voice. “Is that possible?”
“Probably not, but everything is new from now on.”
“Any direct consequences to the ship?”
“I don’t see any, but I’ll get the analytical systems to run possible scenarios.”
“Alright. Keep me informed.” Alexi moved away after Rhea, but his mind was on Philip. It was strange for the man to bring what appeared such a minor thing to his attention, still tunneling was new, and Philip was just being Philip.  

The following day was spent in relaxed anticipation, and while there was a colossal amount of data to record, and observations to be made; and had been made since before the moment they committed to the tunneling, most was done automatically. In reality Tachyon space was little different in real terms to normal space, but then it was the same space, just another version of it. After the first burst of eagerness in rechecking checked equipment, both scientists and crew settled down to the semi tedium of deep space flights. But several days later the morning was different.
Alexi smelt the fresh scent of Caalaan, his mind swam with pleasure as he ran through the undergrowth, chased by his laughing children; he deliberately stumbled to the ground as they caught up with him, and piled on top of his weakly protesting body. A smile covered his face as his eyes opened. Out of the corner of his eye he looked at the stark command quarters, and before him the back of a still sleeping Kale. He sighed deeply, making a mental note to reprogram his rouser; it depressed him now, rather than putting him in a good mood for the day.  
He came onto the bridge still fastening his uniform. Claries and Philip were talking. 
“Good morning commander. Sorry to break into your slumber,” she said as he came through the doorway.
“Is it; are you?” He mumbled, forcing a smile.
“Oh I think so. A while ago we picked up an anomaly on the photon receptor?”
He crossed the room to their side and stared at the display. “I see,” he said with rising interest. “How long?”
“Mid second half.”
“Have you informed Professor Thain?”
“Stone has gone to wake her.”
A few moments later the door opened and Rhea walked in. She looked disheveled, and still half-asleep. Alexi didn't know how much rest she had, had, but it obviously wasn’t enough.
“I'm sorry we had to wake you professor,” he said. “But we have something that will interest you.”
He pointed to the display. It showed a bright point of light against a velvet background of sharp but smaller specks.
“Earth... Already?” She looked at him in surprise.
“No professor, something far more interesting.” He waited a moment as if to tease her. “In a short time we will be the first people in our un-recorded, history, to look upon… The Arc's.”

The news spread quickly, and soon every person on the Warrior was wide-awake, irrespective of his or her time of withdrawing. Excitement buzzed from one end of the ship to the other. Alexi called an immediate meeting of the crew and scientists.

“As you realize this is an historic moment for humankind. In one stroke myths have been proved, and evidence shown. We as an individual race can now trace our lineage back across the galaxy.”
“Commander,” it was Abbot again. “What about the diverging?”
“What about it?”
“Has it occurred? Are we still one people, or have the Carroll Corporation, or what will become them split away?”
“That is impossible to know, at least for now.”
“But how many arcs are there?”
“We don’t know for sure, but we estimate some fifty individual reflective sources “
“The legends say there was sixty seven.”
“Then sixty seven it could be. We'll know more as we get closer.”
“So we are one people.” Abbot said in satisfaction.
“If the legends as we know them are true then yes, it does look like we have arrived before the diverging occurred.” Several voices echoed the same question, but Alexi answered Abbot. 
“Commander, we will be able to see the fleet?”
“Yes.”
“How close will we be?”
“That is part of the reason I have called you all together.” Alexi looked around the cabin, wondering how they would take his decision.  “The sealed orders from Terran state that primarily the Warrior is to provide all assistance and help in conducting the scientific interests of the expedition to Earth, and secondly to provide whatever security is needed to make that happen. There is no mention of the arcs so I have made a decision that fulfills both those requirements, and covers this unforeseen event. I intend to slow as we pass the arcs and undertake a full scan.”
For a moment there was a stunned silence, then a rousing murmur of agreement, but not from all. Chief of the dissenters, and first to speak was Ferguson. “Commander isn’t that unwise?”
“In what way Mr. Ferguson?”
“In the way that we may be detected?” The scientist snorted.
“I assure everyone here that the Warrior’s cloaking technology is second to none.”
“You may be confident in that thought, but you don’t know what level of sophistication the equipment on board those arcs is at. Can you really be so certain that we will not be seen?”
“I grant you that I don’t know what they are capable of, and we will continue to determine that as we get closer, by sensing their sensors at a distance. In such a situation that will allow us to draw them while we are too far away to be of any concern.”
“And what if their equipment is not switched on. They have no fear out here, why would they be on alert?”
“There are other ways we can estimate just where their technology is in relation to our own, but I believe they will have everything working. This is unknown space to them, dark matter, asteroids; any manner of thing could be in their path. But if I suspect there is even the faintest possibility that they may detect us, I guarantee you we will make a very wide detour to avoid them.” 
Ferguson stared at him. “I’m not sure your guarantee is good enough, if your reputation is as I have heard.”
Alexi stiffened at the insinuation. “My reputation?”
“For making your own rules. As you are at this moment “
“Then you have heard wrong. I follow the instructions I am issued; otherwise I would have lost command of the Warrior long ago.”
Ferguson looked around the room. “It seems you have the support of the majority. So you will do as you intend, but I speak to everyone here when I say that one mistake; one error in judgment that reveals us to the people on board those arcs may change our past, present, and our future beyond anything that we can comprehend.”
The cabin fell silent as the enormity of what the man said sunk in.
“Mr. Ferguson no doubt some here will agree.” Alexi quickly countered him. “…And others may not, but none can argue that we shoulder a great responsibility to remain in the future of the people aboard those arcs. I assure you and every person on this craft, that I will not give them any reason to suspect anything.”

They went into cloaking mode, and for some time began slowing, weaving and performing other strange and provocative maneuvers before the arc’s. There was no response, electronic or visual. Nothing gave them any cause to think that they were seen or sensed. Confident of their invisibility Alexi positioned the Warrior directly in the fleet's path. Though in front was more of somewhere between, for the procession was spread out over an area of some hundreds of klick’s. 
It soon became clear that although they were loosely in two rows, there seemed to be no pattern as to position; some grouped close, others way apart, both in width between and distance back. The Warrior just hung, in what could be considered empty space between them. Their spaceship was dead and almost powerless, everything but life support and observational equipment, shut down in the scant possibility that some sensor on an arc may detect them. 
In deep space light is at a premium, especially so inside the spacecraft where all lights had been extinguished, even the red battle lights: yet a face looked out of every window, watching as the leading arcs approached. Inside it was total darkness, but the polychromatic viewing panels enhanced what was available outside, so in effect each arc illuminated itself. Now they could do nothing but wait, as the point of light broke apart into many, and these resolved slowly into recognizable shapes. 
In a way it was disappointing. The arcs were quite unremarkable, excepting for their immense size, some five klick’s in diameter, thirty or more in length. Bracing and machinery, hung untidily on the outside of the cylinders. Along some they saw wide clear sections, running almost the entire length, and occupying maybe ten percent of the surface. These gave a glimpse of what was inside. And what was inside astounded them. 
From the first that passed it was obvious that each contained an entire city. Streets, buildings, open grassed and forested areas, even large bodies of water were laid out. As the first slipped by, then another and another, it became obvious that this was not the rushed and panic driven evacuation of a desperate race that the myths suggested. Without speaking everyone knew this could never have been organized as an emergency escape from a dying planet. It was clear these were not space ships; these were space colonies, and building craft on this scale would take a considerable length of time. The vista continued to roll by with no change to the outsides, while each successive internal view provided a different scene. 
Nobody had expected this. Cramped and converted freighters definitely. Maybe a towed orbital space station or few, but not such a deliberate and structured exodus. Even the space between them was abuzz with a constant and regular traffic of ferries and transports.  
As the fleet drew away, there seemed so many more questions than there had ever been before; it left the mood on the Warrior somber. Of course it wasn’t, they had experienced something more moving than any of them had dared to hope for in several lifetimes. The myths had confirmed their origin as a race, yet in the same instant the myths had been found false. Each coped with the experience in a different way; some needed to talk, and others solitude. Alexi was one of the latter. He was sat in the command chair staring out of the solar shield contemplating how he would react at their next momentous meeting, with Earth. His thoughts were broken as Philip came to his side.
“Commander.”
“Yes Nav.” He said almost startled.
“The processor came up with something I thought you should see.” He waited as Alexi got up and followed him across to the navigation workstation, then brushed a symbol on the display. Several rows of text and a graph appeared in front of them. Alexi leaned forward, his attention glued. 
He looked at Philip. “Are you sure?” he said more in disbelief than doubt. 
The words had been uttered in surprise but the man seemed slightly hurt.  “I’m certain. I've re-checked, and run through the back up data.”
Alexi looked at the screen again.
“There's more,” said Philip.
“There can be more?” Alexi said with more than a tinge of apprehension in his voice.
“The anomaly I reported to you after the tunneling. I couldn't get it out of my mind when I saw this, so I put it onto priority analysis.” He reached in front of Alexi and brushed another symbol.
Alexi read the data displayed; his face bore a look of total alarm as he slowly lifted his eyes to meet Philips. 

Rhea and Ferguson were the last to arrive, and they had to push through those standing by the doorway. The man was not pleased and soon made it known to all in the canteen.
“Commander. I object to being ordered around as if I am one of your crew. None of us are members of the armed services, and I for one have very important work of my own without wasting time on these continuous …Community meetings.”
Alexi calmly let him finish before speaking, not to him personally, but to the room and beyond. “Thank you all for coming. I know you have important work of your own,” he paused. “Since we last spoke I too have had work to do, the results of which, have increased in significance to a point where it has greater importance than yours.”
There were mutterings of rebuttal, which he ignored.
“From this moment on you will be required to submit a brief synopsis of your work to me…. for approval to continue. If I do not give that approval you will put whatever you are doing on hold.”
“You can't be serious.” Rhea had been the first to speak out, but was almost immediately drowned out by the rest of her group as each added their protest. “Commander,” she demanded over the rest. “You can't do this. You were ordered to take this expedition to Earth, and by definition that places the scientific team’s interests above your own.”
“Actually if I may remind you, my crew and I volunteer...”
“You're splitting hairs commander.” Interjected Ferguson.
Alexi raised his firm voice, and spoke over them. “...And at that time I was led to believe that our role in this expedition was no more than that of transport facilitation.” He looked at Rhea. “It would certainly have made our job easier, and the security of this venture more secure, if I had been fully informed as to what to expect.”
“What are you talking about?” demanded Rhea angrily.
“I’m referring to the fact that the Carroll Corporation has more than a passing interest in Earth.”
“It has long been believed that we have a common ancestor commander. I would have thought that was quite obvious without it being mentioned.” She shot back at him.
“I realize that, but I wasn’t informed that they knew of our plans.”
“They don’t?” her voice sounded less confident, as she tried to guess what Alexi meant.
“Then apparently things have changed professor,” he said curtly. “A short while ago my attention was drawn to the results of some sampling done as the fleet bypassed us. One result showed traces of Benxzium thirteen.” He saw recognition in some, in others confusion. “For the benefit of those of you who may not have a chemical background, Benxzium is a synthetic product used specifically as a propellant additive. Neither it nor its other forms are naturally occurring. It is an extremely complex mix of artificial compounds, and is unlikely to have come from the arcs.”
“Commander.” It was Ferguson again.
“Yes.”
“I am well aware of the product and….”
Alexi looked back at the assembly and continued. “This has a direct effect on the purpose of….”
Ferguson once more interrupted him. “If you are about to claim some malfunction that will change the. …Instructions you have commander, then I insist we all have access to that data.”
“Then you are welcome to check the data Mr. Ferguson, but the emission is not from the Warrior.”
Ferguson looked about him. “Then I am sure we are all relieved the craft is functioning as normal, but that leaves your previous assumption at fault. You are making the presumption that the occupants of the arcs are technologically inferior.” He looked smug. “May I point out that could be a gross miscalculation.”
“To be quite honest I don’t know if they are inferior, or far in advance of what we ourselves know. In fact judging by what we have seen I intend to give them the benefit of that doubt.”
“Then why are you making such a fuss about one single chemical trace that they themselves could possibly have emitted?”
“Because it is exactly that. One single chemical trace. We sampled through the entire encounter, and only once did Bz13 show up in any strength. That trace was traveling between arcs.”
“Exactly as one would expect.”
“As I just said Mr. Ferguson, that there was the one and only trace.”
“I am reassured to know that you understand the purpose of each arc commander, because to me they are all a mystery.”
“Which ones?” said another scientist: Abbot.
Alexi hadn’t expected the question and didn’t know the answer.” Exactly where it started and where it finished is at this moment not relevant.”
Ferguson smiled.” Which in my experience generally means that you don’t know.”
Alexi knew he was only digging a deeper hole to explain his way out of. “Actually Mr. Ferguson, I don’t have that information.”
“So you arbitrarily order us about on some vague assumption; that by your own admission you cannot be sure of details,  …and expect us to just accept it.”
“No, and that is not my intention. This is a serious development that likely will affect us all; consequently I have called us together as I may need to divert some of the scientific team to the investigation.”
“If you are unable to identify this ‘trace’ then surely first of all you should establish the where’s and why’s before you demand we halt our own work?”
“Mr. Ferguson you are quite right. I should find out, and I intend to, but the following arc's had stirred the trail up, and weakened it. Nonetheless it’s almost certain that there were traces around arc are seventeen to twenty-three.”
 “Seventeen to twenty-three. That’s seven arcs; eleven if you allow an error factor, and at that you’re not certain?” Added Rhea.
“I said almost certain.”
She spoke again.” I for one still don’t know what you're suggesting. Even if you have a trace and knew where it was from, just what has that got to do with us?”
“Benxzium thirteen, as its name implies is the result of numerous redefining of the original chemical compound. I won't go into details.” He stared at Ferguson.” Please ask your associate; but suffice at this time to say that thirteen can only be produced from twelve and that from eleven, and so on down. Now most of the other forms are extremely useful, so the old hasn’t been discarded for the new. Each refining just allows an additional use. So it would be more than expected; in fact it would be highly unlikely to find the end product of a line of useful additives on its own, without at least indications of another of the twelve.”
“... And this is?”
“Yes professor. One trace, of the most complex variety.”
“Then how do you suppose it got there?”
“Well,” he sighed. “If we disregard the arcs, then as far as I am aware.” He glanced at Rhea to see her reaction. “Other than another Alliance craft. The Corporation is the only user of Benxzium thirteen in their propulsion systems.”
Rhea was dumbfounded. “Are you telling me… Us, that there is a Corporation warship, here in amongst the fleet?”
“That’s exactly what I'm saying.”
“That’s impossible.”
“Is it?”
“Of course it is… You have to have made a mistake.”
“Professor are you prepared to vouch for every one of your team. Everyone on Terran. Every person aboard the Ikaban III. Do you truly believe that not a single person, who has knowledge of this flight, could have sympathy that lies outside of the Alliance?”
“No I'm not saying that. It’s… it’s just impossible that they could have found out...”
Ferguson interrupted her. “It also could also be one of your own people commander.”
“No. Of that there is no doubt. I did not think I would actually be thankful for it, but apparently my crew was not deemed secure enough to be informed until just before we made the tunneling.”
“But they could have then?”
“No I don’t believe that’s possible. We were in communication lock down, and we went straight from Pengis to the Hole. Even if someone could have, it’s impossible that the Corporation; no matter how efficient they may be, would have had time to put a cloaked destroyer at the tunneling coordinates.”
Rhea spoke in shocked surprise. “There was a destroyer waiting for us?”
“I can’t prove it was a destroyer.” He conceded. “But it’s my belief that a craft of some sort was waiting, and as civilian craft are not designed to tunnel; then most likely it is a destroyer.”
“This is taking too much to believe.” Said Ferguson. “Your telling us that as we went through, a cloaked Corporation space ship was waiting and followed us into Tachyon time?”
“That’s precisely what I’m saying, though followed is not what they did. Under power the craft would have revealed itself, so it’s likely that we picked it up before the black hole, and took it through.” He looked at their unbelieving faces. “We had massive gravitational forces acting all over the Warrior, a single lock from a tractor beam, would not have been noticed.”
“How can you be sure this…. this destroyer came through with us at that point, and not at a later time?”
“We would probably have never known, other than our navigation officer tried to get all the passive observations he could on the tunnel, and by astute observation saw what we must now assume was a warship behind us. Once through we made no secret of where we were going. The commander could easily compute our course, then skirt around us and already be traveling with the fleet as we sat waiting.”
“Skirt around,” snapped Ferguson. “Flying rings around would be more apt and still it wasn’t noticed.”
“Then Mr. Ferguson I have been lax, but I will not be again. The Warrior is in full scan mode from now on.”
Rhea spoke again. “Hypothetically,” she said to get his attention. “If someone had leaked information then the Carroll warship would have thought we were going to Earth, not looking for the fleet?”
“True, we didn’t come looking for the fleet; in fact up until a short time ago, I personally was not convinced there was one, and as the arcs could have come through any winding route it didn’t seem worthwhile to even look for them. All I can assume is that the Corporations commander also saw this as a stroke of luck too good to pass by.”
“Maybe it was just a drone commander.” Ventured Abbot nervously. 
“No, if anything, under tractor the maneuver past the event horizon is even more complex. It requires intuitive decisions, and I don’t like to think the Carroll craft are that smart.”
Rhea spoke more confidently. “Commander you’re words; they don’t reflect your actions. It seems to me that you’re making a case for a deliberate and organized attempt to reach the fleet before us, not a stroke of luck on their part?”
“I am not a great believer in luck professor. Neither do I think it was just to reach the arcs: in fact I consider it a calculated plan to establish contact with the arcs before us.” His words brought an immediate reaction, even members of his own crew felt unable to contain themselves. 
“They can't do that. That will alter time itself,” spluttered Abbot above the others, though his words echoed everyone’s feelings.
“On the face of it, that’s right.” Said Alexi. “But we don’t know if time hadn't already taken such a meeting into account?”
It was Rhea who at last brought them back to what faced them.
“Commander. Assuming you are right; and I’m not agreeing you are. If there is a Corporation presence between, or even on board one of the arcs. We still must wait until we receive orders from Terran before we make any decisions.”
“I haven't informed Terran.”
“You must.” She said urgently. “This is something they have to know about.”
“I can't inform them. We’re in Tachyon space. Communication with our own time is impossible. We don’t exist to them or them to us.”
“Then we must return to our own time,” added Abbot.
“Yes, but firstly we must establish that a Corporation vessel does exist. I’m confident one does, but to return from this mission with assumptions and not proof, will not be well received. Secondly we must discover its purpose here, whether to gain support, inflict sabotage, or other options that we cannot pre guess. Once we have confirmed beyond doubt, that we have had a breach of security, what damage has been done, and what if anything can be done to correct it, we will return immediately.”
The meeting broke up, but only into smaller groups, and talk went on. There was no other subject to talk about. 

They caught back up with the fleet in the middle of the rest period, though that didn't matter, no one slept; no one felt tired.  
The problem of where they were to find the enemy craft; if there really was one, seemed an impossible task, but they had one advantage. Before they had been dead in space, so it was unlikely that their own emissions would have been detected. At least they were the hunters. 
Although they gave the others a cursory inspection the real search started at arc twenty-five. It was a daunting task. Something as big as a needle in the proverbial haystack would have seemed too easy, but one by one they eliminated the arcs. Minutely examining the space around each for any traces of the Benxzium, or any disturbances in the fabric of the space-time, that could betray a cloaking devise. There were none, nor should there have been, at least with the cloaking. It was an art form that they themselves excelled in. The whole idea was not to be seen, but they had the slim advantage, that their quarry didn't know it was being hunted. All they needed was just that one slip.  At arc seventeen it happened. They ran across a clear fresh trail of Benxzium; trouble was that it ran back the way they had come.
“Don’t let him get away Nav….” Urged Alexi.
“It’s good clear trail. Appears to lead up round the back of the arc.”
“Just stick with it.”
“They've made a sudden correction to the course.” Called Philip
“Conclusions?”
“They have changed their minds, or have detected us?”
“How far are we away?”
“Hundred and thirty-forty klick’s, judging by the dispersal pattern.”
“Close on them. I want the Warrior right up their…”Alexi glanced around the control cabin. Other than command crew, only Rhea was there. He looked at her, then at Kat. “One clear shot.”
“Sir,” was the curt reply, as the girl readied her weapons systems.
A look of horror spread over Rheas face. She came quickly to his side.  “What are you doing?”
“My job.”
“You realize where we are?” she said pointlessly.
“Have you a better suggestion? If you have I'm ready to hear it.”
“I haven't, but here? You may as well de-cloak, and have a good old-fashioned dogfight.”
“I am very aware it will ring alarm bells all over the fleet, but when nothing else happens, they will settle back down.”
“You believe that?”
“I have to.”
“Got you…”Snapped Kat. Her displays suddenly came alight with activity as the plasma cannons loaded. Thin columns of colored lights raced from zero to charged, holding with a dulling pulse.
“Follow the track to it.”
“I don’t need to commander. I've got him right in my sights.”
They were facing directly at the end of arc seventeen.  
“No,” said Rhea anxiously.
“We have to.”
“You can’t. How can you hit something you can't see?”
“I can't, but weapons can.”
“There's an arc right behind them.” She protested.
“I know that professor.” He said, annoyed that there was.
“You can't fire now. What if you're wrong? What if you miss?”
He saw Kat’s back stiffen slightly at the less than veiled accusation. “We won't miss.” He said confidently.
“But right alongside the arc. The explosion may damage it. You could destroy the arc. It will be bound to cause panic onboard.”
Alexi sighed and pursed his lips. “Hold your fire,” he said reluctantly.
The girl turned to him.
“Wait until you have it in the open.”
Time stopped, and seemed to pause at that moment as they waited, and waited. 
“Do you think he knows we’re here?” said Alexi to Kat.
“There doesn't seem to be any strange behavior. He's close, but not actually docked at a port.”
“Nav. what’s his power status?”
“Idling. It looks as if he is about to transfer or pick up.”
“I'm not sure I want to hear that.” Muttered Alexi.
“Maybe… Maybe we should declare ourselves.” Rhea said uncertainly.
Her words struck Alexi like a fist. “What we de-cloak and shout, hi?”
“No,” she snapped back. “Ask them what their intentions are.”
“Professor “Alexi felt bewildered. “A few instants ago you were afraid we would declare our presence. Now you want us to announce ourselves and tell them we know they are there. If we do that they are just as likely to turn their weapons on us.”
“They are humans like us commander, this seems an admirable time to remember that it could be beneficial to us both.”
“Does the D.S…”He stopped as her eyes glared at him. “Does the…. directorate know of your humanitarian feelings professor, after all we are at war.”
Her voice was controlled but firm. “Not here commander. Here we are one peo… “
“I can't understand what he's up to,” interrupted Claries diplomatically.  “It seems strange that he would be here this long. He must know that there will be some traffic control on the arc. They could pick up the engine vibration pattern, or their proximity sensors may have activated. After this long they must be aware that someone's ther...”
“He's moving,” Kat called out triumphantly.
The Warrior rotated slightly, apparently keeping the invisible target in the middle of the solar shield. Slowly the background became the starbed 
“Discharge,” said Kat as a thin sparkling beam of electric blue light streaked into space. “Damn,” she said almost immediately. “They have gone to light.”
“Number one,” said Alexi.
“On our way.”
In an instant the fleet shrank behind them.
Moments later the young girl called out again. “Got him,” she said determinedly, hitting the fire icon as she spoke. A second strip of blue light raced forward, ending in a brilliant eruption. For several instants the flames fed off the oxygen and fuel from the doomed spacecraft, then almost as quickly as it had started, the inferno extinguished. “Target destroyed.”
Rhea looked at the fading fireball. “It seems you were right commander. I suppose that pleases you?”
“It gives me no satisfaction.”
“It doesn’t? Your military, killing the enemy, isn’t that all that matters.” She turned to the doorway.
“It’s my primary duty to protect the Alliance. Destroying its enemies is my last resort.”
“Even though they are people like yourself.” She walked through the doorway. 
Alexi was angry at the accusation; he followed her into the corridor. “I don’t have the luxury to consider them that way....”
“And if you did, would it make the decision harder?”
“If you want to think of it that way.”
“Evidence that the citizens of the Carroll Corporation are our brothers and sisters is out there commander.”
“Biologically yes. Ideologically no. I believe in freedom professor. I don’t consider my fellow man as only tools or income.”
“Freedom is a relative point of view. Some would consider having work, having food or having access to education as freedom.”
“I'm sure they would, but the opportunity to provide on one's own behalf, is as equally valuable.”
“And fail?”
“That too, if necessary. Freedom to me is choice.”
“I may agree with you, but a starving man may not.”
“Professor this is a pointless discussion. There are merits to being a Corporation employee. I can see that, but I will never accept decisions being made for me.”
“I’ll remember to tell Ellis that,” she smiled sweetly. “Although he already knows doesn't he,” she went to walk away.  
“As long as it’s only Ellis you have told.” The words were spoken in irritation and immediately regretted. 
Rhea stopped, and spun to face him. “Excuse me?” she said angrily.
Alexi had no choice but to say what he felt. “You have not told me the truth since you came aboard the Warrior.”
“I don’t have to tell you anything that’s not your concern.”
“Everything is of my concern here; and especially now.”
“I disagree.”
“You obviously would. Your agenda is different to mine.”
“And what do you mean by that?”
“You knew there was a leak.”
“We are at war commander. Espionage and misplaced sympathies are always possible as you yourself pointed out.”
He stared at her unmoved, his suspicions confirmed, and his voice became assured. “But you knew there was a leak.” He said confidently. 
“All right,” she said defiantly, “Director Ellis did say there was a possibility.”
“Yet neither of you saw fit to tell me.”
“It was only a possibility, and there are hundreds of possibilities. I doubt it was ever imagined they would mount an attempt to reach the arcs.” She wondered if she was right.
“Not any longer, so I think it’s time you told me the truth.”
“The truth?”
“Exactly what are we up against?”
“What I will tell you....”
But nothing more was said as Ferguson burst into the corridor. “Am I hearing correctly? Have you just discharged your weapons?”
“Yes. I have.” Alexi said in resignation.
“Are you totally crazy?” The scientist shouted.
Rhea turned and walked away. Alexi watched her go before turning to the man. “I had little option.”
“You promised to return to Terran first,” he said accusingly. “You’re… military... minds. You... just can't see anything else can you. No other solution than... than, just blow it out of existence. You realize that this has alerted the fleet. It has destroyed everything we came to do. The maker only knows what the consequences will have on time itself?”
Alexi had no argument to offer. What was said could well be right. But he had done what was necessary, and he was prepared to take the consequences, including listening to the civilian berate him. He stood silently as Kale came up to him slipping a writing tablet into his hand. Alexi lifted it and read while Ferguson continued to rant. “There is something you should be aware of.” Alexi interrupted him when he paused for breath. 
“Aware of, I think everybody is already aware that this mission is a disaster,” he grumbled. 
“I have in my hand a report on the debris field.”
“So?”
“There's everything we would expect after a direct hit on a Company warship... with the exception of two things. Firstly. Human remains.”
“No bodies?” said Ferguson in surprise.
“The ship was empty. It was sent to draw us off. Somewhere back there amongst the arcs is the other missing item.” He paused trying to emphasize the gravity of what he was about to say. “Their escape pod. The question is, are they still hiding on it, or have they already boarded one of the arcs.”
Ferguson had no reply.
A Whole Set of New Worlds
Alexi stood in front of the solar shield. Whether he had done it deliberately, no one watching him could know, but the effect was that a major part of arc seventeen filled the view behind him. His words were still ringing through their ears.
As had been the pattern in their previous meetings it was Ferguson who challenged him first. 
“You don’t have the authority to declare martial law.” He sneered.
“Under the articles of war, a commander on front line duty has the power to declare such a status, if and when he sees fit.”
“Well then commander….”Ferguson’s words were said sarcastically. “...There you have me, because I don’t know the articles of war to refute or throw it back in your face. But I would with no doubt say that they referred to a hostile battle situation.”
“Or its equivalent.” Said Alexi.
“You consider the elimination of a single rogue warship, a war?”
“In its context, and in what I believe their intent; I have no other option but to consider the situation we find ourselves in to be exactly the same.”
“I hardly think so.”
“Then I shall explain it in simple terms Mr. Ferguson. We are in as isolated position as I can imagine. We are alone and facing a known and dangerous enemy; with no intelligence as to what to expect from them; or for that matter from the supposedly peaceful arcs around us. Declaring martial law is almost a requirement in such a situation.”
“You have found and eliminated one single spacecraft. I see no further danger unless you intend to claim there are others.” He stared around the room seeing the faces, as he challenged Alexi. “Would you like to tell us now that there are others?”
“There are none that I am aware of.”
“Then to me...” Ferguson looked self-satisfied. “...And I am sure to others here; your words ring more of paranoia than reason.”
“I do not require your support for my decisions Mr. Ferguson, only your obedience.”
But the scientist was not finished. “Then excuse me if I am a little naïve commander, but can you explain at least to me what do you expect to gain by this ridiculous action.”
“Little as such. My own crew are quite ready for any occurrence. My worry is your party Mr. Ferguson.”
“Oh I see,” he sneered cryptically. “You’re expecting all five of us to start an armed rebellion.” He gestured to Claries, stood where she was by the doorway. Her open hand held loosely at her waist over the recently issued pistol.
Alexi refused to be drawn. “I have made no secret that members of the crew have been armed. In the declared situation it is regulatory.”
“Situation? Which particular one, out there, or in here.”
“There seems little point in continuing this Mr. Ferguson. I had hoped I would have your.... everybody’s cooperation. You can file whatever reports you want to when we return to Terran, but for the time being I have made my decision. Everybody on this vessel is now subject to article nine of the Alliance War Code. It will be easier on us all if you just accept the fact that section ten of that code makes me the sole, unquestioned authority on this warship. I am now telling you all; you will obey any direction my officers or I give.”
“Enjoy your moment commander,” said Ferguson. “When we get back to Terran you will be lucky to command local public surface transport.”
Alexi knew the man was not just threatening. “Long before that will come to pass; we have to find a solution to our present problems.”
Rhea spoke, “Commander the problem is not yours. If you would just go back to Terran. It’s the inner sanctums dilemma.”
“It is my problem professor.” Alexi said positively. “I have made my decision. We do what we can to halt, or limit what the Corporation has in mind.”
“But there is nothing you can do,” insisted Rhea. “By your own words you have no intelligence as to what they intend, and that’s assuming that they in fact did survive your attack.”
Alexi was being forced deeper and deeper in the defense of something had never wanted to do in the first place. Already there was the trace of self-doubt creeping into his mind. He could not afford too close an examination of what he had decided; he needed to keep some facts to himself. 
“This briefing is finished.” He said suddenly. “You all have work. I suggest you get back to whatever it is you have to do.... Except you professor.” His voice softened a touch.  “I’d like to see you in my quarters, as soon as you can find time.”

There was a soft knock on the door. “Enter,” said Alexi curtly.
Rhea stepped into his room. She had a face that reminded him of his girls when they had not got their own way. It amused him that Rhea would actually sulk.  
“Thank you for coming professor.”
“Like I had an option?”
“Yes, you did.”
“I wouldn't give you the satisfaction of having me dragged here in restraints.”
“That would never happen.”
“Wouldn't it. During this last few parts a lot of things have happened that I thought would never have happened.”
“I can’t argue that.”
“This was supposed to have been a scientific expedition. Instead, it’s turning into a nightmare.” She said in frustration.
“I can’t argue that either.”
“Then for the maker’s sake why are you doing this?”
“Rhea.” He tried to sound conciliatory. “I have no option.”
“That’s a load of Auraulian passings.” She snapped.
“Oh I see were down to basics now.”
“Don’t be so smug.”
“Professor...Rhea we need to get past this. Our mission scientific or not, depends on us working together. Instead we are tearing apart.”
“We... Oh I'm sorry; I assumed that it was just you.”
He would not take her provocation. “No. We are pulling it apart. I... The Warrior and its crew have been used. I know that now. I was an innocent; I believed what I was told. But this was never going to be a quick in and out scientific expedition. Not from the very start, was it?”
She said nothing. 
“Right. Well I’ll throw my tokens into the center first. Besides Philip and one other, everybody; especially your group thinks I'm being a megalomaniac.”
“That’s a fair enough observation.” She smirked. “Though I would have said it’s unanimous.”
“But what everybody else doesn't know is that we can’t return to Terran.”
Rhea looked at him puzzled. “Is this some new maneuver you’re pulling?”
“Have I your word that what I am about to say will go no further?”
“You mean keep it secret from my associates?”
“From anybody.”
“I won’t give you that guarantee without knowing what it is?”
“I believe once you have heard me out you’ll see the reason I ask “
“Then it’s a risk you will have to take.”
“Okay I'm prepared to do that. What I'm telling you is that we can’t tunnel back.”
She looked at him suspiciously. “I...  don’t understand what you’re getting at?”
“I can’t make it much clearer. We are stuck here. For the rest of our lives we are destined to follow the arcs.”
Her voice was more puzzled than shocked; suspecting he had some ulterior motive, though she had no idea of what it may be, or its reason. “Are you serious?”
“Yes.”
“What makes you say that?” she snorted.
“Between destroying the enemy spacecraft, and five parts ago. A person on this vessel accessed the communications workstation, and erased the return coordinates.”
“No. You can’t be right.”
“It’s not something I would joke about.”
“But that’s impossible.”
“On the contrary. It was too simple. We had far greater things to occupy us, besides that we took no precautions to protect the data. It may seem lax now, but there seemed absolutely no reason to have considered the records at risk from someone on this craft.”
“I mean it’s impossible anyone would want to.”
“It’s a fact. It’s gone.”
“I still cannot accept why anyone would want to maroon us all.”
“I'm guessing, but my belief is that whoever it was did not intend to erase the co-ordinates. If all the data was deleted from us being followed through the tunnel, up to and including the action there would be nothing to substantiate anything that has happened.”
“Other than eye witness accounts.” She said firmly.
He looked at her knowingly, but said nothing.
“No…. that’s absurd.”
“Is it… the Warrior limps back, the crew unfortunately lost? Earth never found. Everything was wasted effort. The Alliance decides it’s pointless trying again while the Carroll Corporation re-arranges history to suit its purpose.”
She didn’t challenge him. “Can’t you calculate the data again?”
“It’s impossible.”
“Totally?”
“Without the initial data there are too many variables surrounding the return through the tunnel for us to make any assumptions.”
“You mean we could arrive back at a different time?”
“There have been theoretical investigations into what is called an electronic wipe scenario, where the tunnel erases all data. It wasn’t taken too seriously because the same EWS would have crippled every other system aboard, so finding your way back would be the least of problems faced. Before the whole thing was abandoned it was determined that such a return is possible, but that if the tunneling was early or late it would cause an exponential time difference. Theoretically we could arrive back one, ten, a hundred, or more turns out of time.”
She gave a weak smile “Maybe I could live with that.”
“And when you met yourself, or your great, great grandmother, or great, great, great grandchild.”
“I said I could live with it, not wanted it. And if we did, couldn’t we make another smaller tunn… I mean in increments…”Her voice trailed off as she realized the impracticability of her suggestion.”
For an instant Alexi felt like humiliating her with the reasons why it wouldn’t work, but he was trying to get her assistance so he let it go. “If it was that easy, we could try, but we could also end up in one of the parallel universes you scientific people keep proposing, and that’s ignoring the option of being torn to a trillion pieces in the tunnel itself.”
“Okay. Okay,” she almost sneered. “But I won’t accept that anything is hopeless.”
“I don’t want to, but that’s how I view our position now, so I would appreciate any scientific help you can offer; though as I have explained, unless something unforeseen happens we are trapped on this side of the tunnel; maybe forever.”
“What about sub space?”
“Without anomaly assistance that could take up to eleven or thirteen turns. I gave up calculating the exact figures.”
“Eleven turns. That’s not too bad.”
“No. It’s not too great a portion of our lives; if you don’t mind being cooped up in a craft this size. But that isn’t the worst problem, traveling at light speed could return us many generations out from when we left.”
“So I get back to wearing a loin cloth,” she smiled weakly slumping down onto Alexi’s cot. 
“Or a note saying 'sorry everybody's gone'. Anyway it’s all hypothetical, traveling anything over a turn wouldn't matter for our fuel would have become exhausted around then, and as we're carrying almost twice the crew, in less than a turn, even with a hundred percent recycling, nothing would be left for us to eat.”
“Nobody else knows all this?”
“Other than possibly whoever erased the data.”
“I can’t believe one of them would do such a thing.”
“It doesn't matter what you or I believe. That’s our situation. What we need to do is find out what the Corporation has in mind.”
“You think the Corporation ship and the data loss are connected.”
“Not for certain, but yes.”
“But you believe there is a link with the Corporation “
“That seems the most obvious thing. What really bothers me is that there seems to be an increasing amount of things I’m finding out that I don’t know.”
“If that is our situation, then what are our options?”
“I was hoping you could tell me.”
“Tell you?”
“Yes. Tell me what's happening. The bits that I haven't been told about.”
Rhea looked towards the ground.
“There is more isn't there?” He said.
“Yes,” she said softly.
“Isn't it time we all knew where we stand?”
“All right... I’ll tell you.” She stared right at him. “Yes...You were right. The D.S.D suspected the arcs would be between Earth and us, somewhere on the trajectory you were given to follow. If you hadn't have stumbled onto them, I have overriding orders from Ellis for you to find them.”
“So Earth wasn’t our destination?”
“No and yes... of course we’re interested. We wanted to locate and survey the planet. It still is very important.”
“But not as important as the arcs?”
“No.”
“We’ll what were we supposed to achieve?”
“Exactly what you have done. Locate them. Scan and learn as much as possible... Then my orders depended on how things turned out once we intercepted them.” She hesitated. “It was up to me to return and report, or protect them… until.”
Alexi had a growing feeling of unease. “Until what?”
“.... Until the fleet arrives.”
“The fleet?” He said in apprehension. 
“There's a full battle fleet on its way.” She looked straight at him. “It left point one of a turn before we did.”
“Hang on....”Alexi could hardly believe what he was hearing. “Let me get this straight. After all this talk about altering time. About utterly changing our future. You’re now telling me we have a full-scale force on its way towards us right now?”
“Yes.”
“I don’t believe this.”
“Well believe this. One part before the Alliance fleet put out. We had intelligence reports that the Corporations number seven invasion group had disappeared into the void area “
Alexi put his open palms to his forehead. “Oh this gets better and better.” He stood and looked at her accusingly.
“I'm sorry Alexi. You don’t know what it’s been like for me. Part of me was desperate to tell you. To share the burden, but I was sworn to silence.”
He began pacing the few steps up and back across his room. “How long do we have?”
“The fleets don’t know exactly where the arcs are, or how far they are away any more than we did. All I know is they will be returning through time at maximum gravity warping.”
Alexi was exasperated. “Rhea I don’t want to spend every day expecting to see a sky full of Corporation spacecraft filling the solar shield, you must have discussed time frames.”
“All Ellis told me was that the Alliance craft will be behind the Corporations battle fleet, if we could have pinpointed the arcs, and relayed that information back then maybe they could have made the difference up, or even got in front. As it is a full Corporation invasion group is likely to arrive with no opposition.”
“I suppose you don’t know if the Corporations agents had access to the full data, or if they have had to make calculated guesses?”

“It would be foolish to assume that they have any less than we had. They could be guessing? They could be right on the mark? Depending on that one or both fleets could be here in anything from several decca to a turn, or more.”
“Well I don’t know whether I’ll be glad to see our own fleet in several decca's or not. And I know for a fact that those people out there won’t be.” He shrugged his shoulders. “Well whatever that outcome, none of it changes that our first priority is to do as we were originally ordered, and part of that is to stay alive. I don’t even know for sure that we can survive for several decca, definitely not full turns. We have only one option left. We have to board the arcs.” 
  
It had become an all too frequent scene as they crowded together on the control deck, but this time every person on board the Warrior was to be involved.
“…So there you have it,” said Alexi finally. “To stay alive we have no other option.”
“But for how long?” said Abbot.
“Until Terran realizes we're not coming back and sends a rescue party.” Alexi ignored the fact that two ‘rescue’ parties were already on their way.
“But will they?” Insisted Abbot. “They may assume we were lost in the tunnel. They wouldn't risk losing another ship?”
“That’s something we have to accept, and that’s why we have to plan as if we are here for an extended period. I have explained with our present needs we cannot survive what may be decca before…”
“Have you considered that even if someone comes their memory banks may also get wiped clean in their tunnel,” interrupted Ferguson.
“Yes we have. I’m assuming they will have considered that possibility investigating our disappearance.”
The familiar voice broke in again. “I can’t understand why you didn't take the precaution of making a backup system commander. It seems to me an almost criminal offence.”
“Well Mr. Ferguson you will have to add incompetence to your report about my command decisions.”
“If we ever get back. You can be sure I will.”
Alexi shrugged. “Until that time, I put it to you all again, we have no other course left open to us but to assimilate ourselves into the population of the arcs.”
“And if we refuse?”
“I’m not ordering anyone to go against their conscience. But by staying on board the Warrior you are reducing the chances of those who have no option but to stay. I leave the choice up to you.”
“You give us no option, and say it is our choice.”
“I’m sorry but real choice is a luxury none of us have much of now.”
“Then of course I’ll go.” Ferguson looked at him. “If you’re going blundering in there, I don’t intend to sit quietly by while you destroy humankind’s future, without at least trying to moderate your actions.”
Alexi looked around at the faces. “Is everybody in agreement?” There was little that showed him they approved, but nothing that showed him they could offer an alternative. “Right, then. Professor I leave it up to you to choose the minimum of your party needed to operate what of your equipment you must. I prefer one, but will accept two; but no more.”
He looked at Stone. “Command of the Warrior will be in the hands of our engineer for the duration of my being off the ship.”
The man nodded in acceptance.
“That makes six crew and…”Alexi looked at Rhea.
“One will be sufficient. I’ll talk with my party to decide who it will be.”
“...And four of the science team. An even ten. Ten will be too many to land as one group. We’ll split into two groups of five. 
“Commander wouldn’t it be wiser to send smaller parties at first,” asked Abbot.
“The thing is Mr. Abbot, that whether we reconnoiter or not, we will all have to board the arcs out of pure necessity. Whatever conditions we encounter we will have to assimilate, and the sooner and greater number of experiences we have the quicker that will happen.”
“How do we keep in contact?”
“We don’t Mr. Abbot. We have already detected electronic communications aboard the arc at the frequency our communicators use. Anything we transmit will undoubtedly be intercepted. We don’t know at what level their surveillance systems will kick in. The odd transmission may be ignored, but two, three? After that it’s a simple task to triangulate and we will be located. So no communications between groups other than person to person.”
“Then how do we contact the Warrior?”
“My second and I will have locators. When we are back in the departure lounge and all is clear we send a micro pulse. That should not arouse much suspicion, and Stone will come in immediately when he receives it.” He paused to look at their faces. “Right, three crew, two science. Leaders will be in order of rank. I will lead one, my 2.IC the other. Has anybody any problems with that...”He was quick to add defiantly. “Besides the obvious ones.”
“I have one,”
He looked at Rhea. 
“I understand that by going onto the same arc each group is within support of the other, but seventeen is the arc where the Carroll warship was. Isn’t that correct?”
“It is.”
“Then is there another reason; besides necessity, why we will go to that particular arc?”
“Yes professor, there is, and it’s the very reason you have brought to our attention “
“And I suppose you intend to go looking for whoever was previously aboard the craft you destroyed.”
“I am.”
“Of course it goes without saying that we don’t know what, who, or how many, we are looking for; or what you intend to do when they are found. Unless you have information...you...” She emphasized the word.”…Are keeping secret.” Rhea drove home the point. 
“Our data banks have information of enemy craft. Normally a destroyer carries seven. Past that I have my suspicions, and of course I have speculated; but I do not have any further information other than what I have shared with you all. They enemy commander would know such details about us. As for what we do…. I intend to negate their effect on our mutual futures in any way its possible.” He said dismissively before he continued to speak to all assembled. “I suggest you prepare yourselves, and collect whatever you think you may need.” He did his best to ignore any of Rhea's further attempts at questions. He couldn't answer, for at this moment he had no idea either.

Though there had been apparently no reaction when the Corporation craft had been stationary near the Arc, Alexi was still not prepared to take any risks. It was decided the Warrior would make the move in, discharge its boarding parties and withdraw as quickly as possible. 
And so it was. They waited some distance off while a shuttle arrived at the pivotal station on the leading end face of arc seventeen. As it disengaged and sped back into space a light moved rapidly along one of the tubes that radiated out to the wall of the cylinder. 
They could detect no other moving craft in their sector, or heading for it. Everything appeared quite; even so they came in faster than usual, right up until the magnetic docking grapples locked onto the Arc. 
It was a strange feeling for them all, waiting behind the doors as the short hiss of compensating air filled the gap between two ages of their race. 
They were wearing civilian clothes, the crewmembers outfits being borrowed from the scientists. None of the female crew had suitable things so Rheas extras had been shared between them all, excepting Wendy who looked more butch than she was comfortable with. But that was of little consequence, as no one knew just how well his or her fashions would fit in.
Such worries were dwarfed by the realization that what was about to happen was beyond any of their wildest dreams. Within moments they were to be thrust into a familiar, yet totally alien world. A world where they had no information to help them, and no knowledge of the culture they were about to blend into. Could they fit in? Alexi had never done anything so unprepared in his life. They did not belong here, not at this time. But they had no choice, absolutely none. To board the Arc's was not an act of foolishness, it was an act of desperation, and they knew that from now on their lives would be inextricably linked with people who had died eons before they had been born.  The hissing had stopped. The doorway before them slid to the side. 
They stared at the scratched blue-gray metal of the Arc's external face, within arm’s reach. There was a soft clunk as the bolts on the Arc's airlock sympathetically released. 
Alexi looked at Claries. She nodded her head and stepped confidently into the space between the two vessels. The girl reached out her arm and touched the smooth metal; for a moment she seemed frozen there. Then she pushed. The heavy door swung back easily, opening onto a diffusely lit corridor. 
She stepped forwards and immediately lifted off into the air.” Zero... gravity.” She cried out a little surprised, as she reached up to push herself back down from the ‘roof’. 
Seeing her performance the scientist's hesitated, but were urged forward, soon followed by the crew, leaving Alexi for last. He glanced at Stone’s slightly concerned face, nodded and closed the door behind him. The door locked and they were alone. 

His first realization was that their prospects were not good if he took the scene before him as an omen. There was total confusion. Bodies bounced and ricocheted off floor, walls and roof. His crewmembers were rapidly becoming accustomed to their weightlessness, but they were too occupied in trying to control the helpless scientists, to form any coherent group. 
This was a terrible start. Blend in? They were acting more like a circus troupe. He pushed up from the floor to help Kat with the wayward Abbot.
By the time they eventually reached the end of the corridor they were in a semblance of order, beginning to thrust and swim through the gravity-less environment. 
Pushing open: with difficulty, another airlock they entered a large circular room some three stories high or deep as they found it. 
Around each level were eight doorways, all closed; each column of the three had its own identification. ‘Iceland’, ‘Thermal Valley’, ‘Ski tow’, ‘Peak Cable’, besides more mundane sounding destinations
“Which way do we go?” called Rhea.
“I don’t imagine at this stage it makes a lot of difference,” replied Alexi.  “Pick a door.”
As they stepped out into space from the corridors protruding metal deck, the room came alive with light and sound. Advertising display screens started running videos of laughing children and winter sports. They drifted down and as they passed each level, a new collection of sounds began to blast out. There were bells, music, or the voices of people singing in unison. The accent was strange, and the words sometimes different, but it was understandable if they concentrated enough.
The room was slightly easier to negotiate than the passage, as all around, and up and down the walls were rails; but these were placed close to the signs so they had no option but to activate and listen.
“Haven't they ever heard of gravity,” complained Abbot, pulling himself down to the nearest doorway. It was obvious he didn't intend to move far from this location so Kat and Alexi followed him down. 
The doorway simply stated ‘City’. Alexi looked across at Claries. “When it gets dark,” he called. “We meet back here and try and work out what we’re up against.”
She raised her hand, and curled her fingers in the familiar understood sign.  
“Will it get dark?” said Abbot.
“People can’t function without periods of light and dark,” replied Alexi, wondering if he was right. He took a deep breath, then cast his hand in front of a sensor set in the wall next to the doorway.
Claries party had already disappeared through their entrance when Alexi door opened. He stepped through onto a gantry, and a voice filled the area. When the initial surprise wore off it reminded him of Isla, with a programmed welcoming to the Carroll Companies ‘Winter Wonderland’. 
It seemed incredibly strange listening to the friendly voice reeling off the pleasures they had waiting for them, knowing that descendants of these people were the mortal enemy of his own kind. 
The transport waiting for them was three levels high. Each separate carriage seated about thirty people. They floated into the bottom section, and were instructed to sit: which was difficult, in a seat; and fasten the harness.
A siren sounded and rapidly they were plummeting down, or along, or up. Whichever way it was mattered little, for almost as soon as they were on their way they felt the faint pull of centrifugal gravity. 
Whatever doubt they had felt was soon forgotten as they shot through the transparent tube. As it traveled it began to rotate slowly. Revolving so that each seat passed around the external side giving them an incredible view out into space towards the preceding arcs, and the beautiful backdrop of stars. But it was the other view; as the transport turned to the inside; that took their breath away. 
At first, when they had started moving, all that had been visible was along the axis of the cylinder. It had been instantly obvious that there; in the zero gravity many things were happening, some looked like recreation; others could have been work or research. But before they could fully absorb the sights the transport plunged into a swirling mist. 
For a short while all that could be seen inside the arc was thick white cloud, with the occasional faint ghost of a landscape that just as quickly disappeared. Then suddenly they were through and the breathtaking vista unfolded in an instant.  
There was a momentarily feeling of vertigo as an entire landscape suddenly spread out several klick’s below them. A complete landscape. Alexi almost had to pinch himself to make sure he wasn’t dreaming. Except for the fact that it curled up at the sides he could have been in the wilderness areas of Terran. It was all there. Mountains, forests, rivers and lakes. 
Directly below there was a city, other smaller ones could be seen further along at the base of the mountain, that they quickly saw was a continual range that split the arc in two. Beyond that, and in the very far distance, could have been another large city, but they had little time to marvel as the transport began slowing, and then there was blackness.
The door flashed a warning that it was about to open, the harness’s released, and they realized the full effects of the arc’s gravity was acting upon them. They stood unsteadily; the gravity here seemed to be less than they were normally used to, but only slightly.
The doors were opening onto a large concourse area. It appeared this facility was made to process a lot of people at one time. By luck or misfortune they had arrived when it was in little use.
A number of counters were around the side of the space; most were empty though some had one or more young, uniformed females behind. The girls only looked up briefly; thankfully giving them no more than cursory looks. 
Beyond was a bank of glass doors leading out onto what seemed to be a street or plaza. There were lots of people outside.
They walked across the concourse and a couple of the doors slid back on their approach. Moments later they were outside amongst noise, and a throng of people. 
They had hoped to stand out less in a crowd, but they didn't. As they had hoped there were a great number of different types of clothes, some bizarre, as they seemed to have arrived at some sort of celebration or festival. What really put them apart from the others on the street was not their style of clothing, but their lack of it. It was obviously deep into a replicated winter, and all the inhabitants wore extra layers to keep out the cold. 
For them with their thermally adjustable fabric it wasn’t necessary, but to their fellow passer-by’s they looked out of place, and almost immediately people began to remark, or sneer at their apparent toughness. They could do nothing but rub their hands up and down their upper arms and feign being chilled. 
“So much for being inconspicuous,” grumbled Abbot.
It was immediately obvious that the man was right. “We’re drawing too much attention in a group. I think we should split up again?” said Rhea. 
Alexi wasn’t sure what to do. He wanted each group to be self-supporting, but she was right, and the longer they just stood around the more attention they were attracting. “I don’t want anyone on their own”, he said reluctantly. “And we all meet up when the light begins to fail…”
“Assuming it does?” muttered Abbot.
Alexi ignored him as he saw a building that served as a landmark. “That structure.” He pointed several blocks away to a tower with a circular dial on it. 
“And we need a backup plan.” Insisted Abbot.
“We won’t need a backup Mr. Abbot.”
“He’s right.” Said Rhea. “It’s logical to have a backup plan.”
Alexi drew a deep breath. “If things go wrong we assemble at the port we arrived at, at the Warriors next approach. Kat and Abbot, you come with me.” He said quickly to cut off any further discussion.
Philip quickly stepped up against Rhea and smiled. She looked at him and smiled in return. “Any preference?” she said.
He shrugged his shoulders. “That way?”
“At first darkness then,” she said as they walked off, and the group separated.  
  
Though it was unfamiliar Alexi had to admit the street was appealing. It was narrow and with no surface traffic, both vastly different from the highways of Terran. The buildings on either side had steep roofs, which were laden with snow. At ground level piles of the crisp while stuff blocked and channeled their way. He wondered why the authorities didn’t have it removed instead of having the citizens negotiate around it. As if in some kind of answer a portion fell from a roof across the street to the excited shrieks of some young children. He found himself smiling at memories until his attention was drawn to one of a number of active window displays. Almost all the building’s walls facing the street were made into shop fronts. Selling every imaginable product or gift that came to mind, and many that’s purpose baffled them. Coloured lights and tableau’s filled others. From each came what they interpreted as happy music, amongst the continual pealing of bells.
“Where are we going?” said Abbot.
“We have to know what's happening. Where we are?” Said Alexi not fully able to answer. 
Suddenly they were confronted by a strange figure. He was obese. Had white facial hair that was obviously false. Wore clothes totally of red, though he had albino animal hide around the cuffs, shoulders and hat. He wore heavy shiny black footwear. If his appearance wasn’t disturbing enough he was staring directly at them. “Ho, Ho, Ho, Merry Christmas,” his voice boomed out as he thrust a bag he held in his right hand at them.  “For the Children.”
They all froze.
“For the children,” he said again, thrusting the bag directly at Abbot.
“I haven't got any,” the scientist mumbled sheepishly.
“For the children,” the man insisted. He began shaking the bag, and seemed to be getting annoyed.
“Well... I hope to have some in the future,” Abbot murmured thrusting his hand into the bag.
“What the…” cried the man in shock, dragging the bag away from Abbot’s fist, and the clutch of coloured tokens he held.
Anticipating trouble Kat pushed Abbot, and then dragged him away from the flustered man. 
“Wait. Stop. Hoy, you stop...” The man called after them as they melted into the crowd, gaining distance as quickly as they could.
It was also Kat who shortly after saw what they were looking for further down the street. “There…. That store?”
They looked across the roadway. 
Arranged in the window display were many books and magazines. They crossed towards it.
“Looks like the kind of place where we will find a highway map, or a guide of some sort,” muttered Alexi quietly.
“There,” said Kat as they got close enough to look through the window.  “Over on that side wall.” A set of shelves at the right rear of the interior of the shop bore a sign saying. - Info books -. They pushed open the door and walked casually inside.  A sharp ringing noise echoed in their ears, as above their heads a short protruding bar set a spring mounted bell jingling. A large woman standing behind a wooden counter glanced up in an almost uninterested way before returning back to the young boy she was serving. “Do you think that’s who it was then?” she said in a raised condescending voice.
“Of course it was… Aliens.” He bubbled excitedly.
“I've never met one, so I probably wouldn't know if I ever did meet one.” She said in a humoring voice.
“Yes you would,” he countered. “My dad says they’re all green, and with big bugs eye’s.”
“Then I hope I don’t meet one. I don’t like bugs.” She said distastefully.
The boy took her seriously. “Don’t worry Mr. Carroll said on the Vid that his fighters had destroyed it.”
“Yes I heard that. Well I'm glad he did. I don’t like bugs.”
Alexi looked at the others. They were looking at him. He smiled weakly.  “I don’t think green's your colour,” he whispered to Kat.
She grinned back.
“I think it’s more mine?” said Abbot nervously.
“Can I help you people, or are you just browsing?” called the shopkeeper past the boy. 
“No,” answered Kat, “We're just... looking... at things.”
The woman was handing the boy a magazine. It had a picture of a strange creature lifting a struggling woman out of the reach of a man on its cover.  The boy reached to a pad in front of her and pressed his palm onto it. An indicator light switched from yellow to green. The boy took his hand away and walked out of the shop. 
They had moved in front of a display of small flap sized pamphlets. There were forty or more. Each bore a number and name. They picked one up each and quickly glanced though. It was immediately obvious that each one referred to an individual arc. They were all numbered, and many were named. Some: most of them it appeared, were industrial in one form or another. Others, in the minority, were recreation areas. One of these was number46 ‘Winter Wonderland’. Alexi wanted to take one of each, but he was acutely aware that at the bottom corner a number was printed in red. Every book had, had the same tag, but with different numbers. They were unlikely to be complimentary. 
“Are you sure I can’t help you?” demanded the woman.
“No we are just looking… still,” said Kat, a little less convincing this time.  
“We had better go,” said Alexi. They all moved towards the front. 
Alexi picked up a copy of 46, and several other interesting looking ones. He walked to the woman.
“Anything else?” She said looking at the small booklet he offered her.
“No.” He held out a palm full of tokens.
They stood looking at each other. The woman ignoring his offer and waiting. “Well?” she said looking at the pad. 
Alexi had no idea what was expected of him, Oh?” He remembered the boy and lifting his palm in the direction of her gaze, and placed it onto the pad. It felt soft, so soft he felt he was grasping at dense moist air. The yellow light continued to glow
“Push down,” she said impatiently.
The pad seemed to envelop his hand.
The yellow changed to red. The woman looked up and her jaw seemed to drop.” You're not on the register,” she said in amazement.
“There must be a mistake?” he said.” It doesn’t matter. I won’t take these.” He dropped the brochures on the counter, instantly regretting the action. Glancing at the others he nodded his head towards the door. They were already opening it as he tossed a token onto the counter, and snatched forty-six’s pamphlet back up.
She seemed not to notice.” You're not on the register?” she called even louder, in absolute amazement. 
Alexi was following Kat out of the door as a shrill bell began ringing from above the shop. They were out into the street, half running half pushing through the crowd, with everyone looking at them. 
Ice Run
They were barely a klick away when they heard the sirens. Up ahead there were numerous flashing lights. People about them seemed concerned though no panic was noticeable. After a very short time those strolling on the roadway moved to the sides as a black vehicle appeared. Its dual toned horns screamed, though few needed encouragement to move out of its way as it rushed by.
Almost immediately the road filled behind it with the curious trying to see what was happening, including Alexi. It wasn’t really a surprise to see it come to a stop somewhere near the shop.  
“I think it’s time we were a long way away from here,” said Kat.
They moved along the street away from the commotion, desperately searching for a building or side lane that offered some promise of cover. At last they came to an entrance. 'Slopes', it declared. At the end of a long descending passage and several sets of steps they came to a central platform. Parallel rail tracks ran into dark tunnels either way they looked. 
“Where does it go?” muttered Kat aloud.
“The slopes,” replied Abbot blankly.
“Yes.” Grumbled Kat in exasperation. “But where or what are the slopes?”
“Does it matter?” said Alexi curtly. “As long as it’s away from here.”
“This is really blending in.” A rumble from the tunnel merged into Abbot’s words, as with a clatter over the concrete track-bed, an ancient railcar emerged from the darkness. With squealing brakes it begrudgingly came to a halt besides the platform. 
Kat looked at Alexi in alarm. “Is it safe?”
“Safer than staying here.” He said, grabbing one of the protruding metal handles and opening the carriage door. Inside were rows of wooden slatted benches. 
“They hardly go in for comfort do they,” continued Abbot, as Kat guided him away from the few other passengers.
“We have been told what facilities are provided for Carroll workers Mr. Abbot.” She said surreptitiously. “Basic facilities. This is precisely what would be provided; low-level transport for the working masses. If it was needed this is proof of all we have been told to expect.”  
They fell silent for a while until again Kat spoke. “Commander...”
“Alexi,” he corrected her, glancing sideways in case anyone was listening.
“…Alexi… we should look at the map?”
He pulled it from his flap, and handed it to her.
“This is a Carroll Corporation … A Carroll company arc, providing recreation facilities.” She read aloud before glancing around and lowering her voice. Confident that it was unlikely anyone could hear over the rattle of the wheels she continued. “No doubt there are other arcs where the privileged will have better transport options…”
At her words Alexi’s attention was drawn to the almost deserted station. He was prepared to accept her judgment, but couldn’t help noticing that the antique compartment they were in was in better condition than he had at first thought. It occurred to him that nothing was actually old; at least not in the decrepit sense. It was a deliberate attempt to create an atmosphere of some ancient period. His mind was returned to the present as with a slight jolt as they started in motion.

Soon after they left the buildings of the city behind, and ran on into open countryside, and shortly after that vast areas of snow free orchard, which in turn gave way to partially snow covered grazing land filled with various types of animals. Then they were back into the snow, before the railcar slowed to a halt. There was no platform, but several buildings close to the line indicated this was another station. The carriage emptied leaving them alone.  Out of the window they could see they were in the foothills of the arcs central mountain. 
“Now what?” muttered Abbot when it seemed obvious that the railcar was not going to move again 
Alexi looked at Kat, still clutching the opened guide. “Does it say what this place is?”
“It’s marked as terminus?” She said.
Alexi peered out of the window impatiently. “That’s all it says?”
The girl looked again. “Terminus; that’s all it says?”
Abbot looked across at the open map. “What are those symbols in the section marked legend?”
“They are some kind of descriptive key system, but there’s no clarification on terminus, it must be a place name?” She gave a helpless look.
Alexi stood. “Well it doesn’t look like were going to move, so I guess we get off and look around.”  
They clambered down shaky, though reassuringly strong, open wooden steps onto a gravel pathway leading between the buildings. 
Alexi looked up along the track to the front of the railcar. “I suppose this way is as good as any other, come on.” He walked along the pathway. At its end they found themselves on another snow-lined street. Though this time buildings were fewer and further between.
“This doesn’t look very promising?” said Abbot again looking up and down?
Alexi glanced back down the alleyway. “Maybe not but the railcar doesn’t seem to be going anywhere, and we have to keep moving.”
“Easier said than done.” Grumbled the scientist.
“No wait…there,” Kat pointed to an entrance a little way off. 
They could see over a shoulder high fence; the end of a dual line of thick wires suspended high in the air. Dangling from them, and turning about a sturdy tower, swung open seats.
“You’ve got to be joking,” muttered Alexi.
“She isn’t.” Said Abbot. 
Their eye’s followed the wires up and up the side of the mountain until they disappeared into the cloud.
“You said we have to keep moving,” Kat smiled weakly. “Then I hope you have an alternative?”

Rhea and Philip stepped into the entrance. Almost immediately a man rose from the bench he was sitting on and walked across the hall to them.  “Welcome to Wonderland hot pools.”
“Thank you,” answered Rhea, with a superior air that seemed unpracticed. 
The man held some towels. “You have you been to our establishment before?”
“Not for some time.” Said Rhea confidently. “I understand you have done some improvements?”
Philip froze with the audacity of her words. He hadn’t wanted to come here, but she had seen the sign and insisted that after having to endure the sonic washes of the Warriors spray cubicle, she needed a warm bath more than anything else.
“Improvements?” the man was squinting at her.
“Yes. Improvements?” she said without hesitation.
“Then it must be a long time. The only thing we have done recently is the Banya refurbishment at pool seven, and that was three years ago.”
“Goodness is it that long ago. My memory must be failing. You must treat us as if this is our first time, and explain everything anew to us.”
“Of course madam… My name is Howard. Consider me your personal guide. You are fortunate it is very quiet today. The holiday will be in full swing the day after tomorrow, but for now please treat our pools as your very own.” He turned and led them over to the side of the room.
Philip caught her attention. He said nothing, but the roll of his eyes made her smile. 
Howard led them through several doors and passages until they came to an outside courtyard. The front of the building had given no hint of what lay behind, but now beyond the door they could see a thickly forested area. They followed Howard, along a path cleaned of the snow that covered everything else. After a few steps he dropped back to walk alongside them. “The pathways are heated so unless you feel you need to use footwear, it is quite comfortable to go barefoot.”
Now it was Rhea’s turn to throw a curious look at Philip. He shrugged his shoulders.
“Actually we didn't know what was appropriate to…. wear,” said Philip.
“I can see that,” said Howard. “When I saw you, my first thoughts were that you had come straight from the business center?”
“We have,” said Philip, thinking it the appropriate answer. 
“You have? I thought administration had already been closed down for the holiday.”
Philips confidence was slipping away. “It has but… there’s still a few of us doing bits and pieces.”
“Oh,” Howard seemed impressed, and curious. “…And you came straight from there?”
Philip had no idea where there or anywhere was. “Yes.” He said thinking of how he could change the subject.
But Howard didn’t want to. “I was under the impression that the direct shuttles had ceased for the break?”
“They have, but we managed to get a ride… on an extra one.” Philip was desperate to change the subject.
“An extra one?” said Howard obviously impressed.
At last Philip saw a way out. “We had some rather important matters to sort out…  urgently…and they… we managed to locate an empty shuttle coming this way… to bring us. You know... Top-secret stuff.” He smiled to indicate a joke, or maybe more.
Instead Howard began to nod his head in comprehension. “Then flight control diverted... Oh. I see.” Howard’s attitude suddenly became very smug. “So you are from; corporate central?”
Philip just smiled, he felt he had said enough and kept quiet, but Rhea looked Howard straight in the eye and winked.
“Madam… of course that makes all the difference. Stay with me, I’ll make sure you have access to everything. We at Wonderland couldn't have you going back to central, not having seen the best side of what we have to offer.”  
They were almost at the edge of a small natural pool. “The change room is just behind these trees. When you feel comfortable, follow the path from pool to pool. They are numbered; I don’t imagine I have to warn you not to miss out a pool?” He hesitated a moment. “No… When you have finished I will have your things waiting at the lobster hole. Don’t rush… take all the time you want to enjoy yourselves.” He ushered them into the single roomed log building. “Wraps are here.” He said pulling open the door to a robe. “I think this will suit you sir, and,” he looked critically at Rhea.  “This should fit you madam.” He stood waiting as they hesitated. “If you would like to put the robes on now I will show you to the first pool.”
Philip started to put his arm through the sleeve without disrobing. 
“You are a real comedian sir.” Howard began a forced laugh. “If you take your own clothes off, I’ll have them cleaned, pressed and waiting for you at the end pool.”
“We undress?” Said Rhea hesitantly. 
“Completely, madam.” He smiled. “Don’t worry about anything in the pockets. I won’t let your clothes out of my sight.” He stood back waiting again.
Rhea looked nervously at Philip, and he uncomfortably back at her. She reached for the top button on her tunic.

They stood at the edge of the pool. Rhea had her long hair tied up on top of her head in a casual bun.
“Slowly is best if you remember.” Said Howard. “Especially as you will not be used to the elevated temperature… And it’s best not to put your faces into the water. It will not harm you, but some people find the heavy solution of minerals a little nauseating.”
Rhea was anxious to hide her nakedness and stepped into the water too quickly, but not as quickly as she stepped out again. “It’s hot,” she exclaimed.
“Yes madam.” Howard said patiently. “Immerse yourself gradually. Give your body time to adjust.”
Philip was gallantly avoiding looking in her direction, but Howard stared directly at her; though he seemed completely disinterested. Again, slower this time she immersed her legs into the water. Rhea was torn between two extremes. She stood naked, knee deep in water that was too hot to dive into, yet modesty told her to submerge herself into the green tinged liquid as soon as she possibly could.  A centimeter at a time her body reluctantly accepted the rapid change in temperature, as Philip gazed around apparently trying to count branches on the fir trees. Slowly, so very slowly she slipped below the surface. 
The whole time Howard stood watching, unfazed as if it was absolutely nothing new to him.
At last the cloudy water lapped over her breasts. She looked back up. Smiling sickly sweetly she said. “Your turn Philip.”

Alexi had never felt so exposed in his life. Here they were, far above the ground, swinging gently on an almost deserted ski lift; dressed in casual clothes, and it had begun snowing again. They were on a ski lift and they hadn’t even got skis. It was impossible that they had not been seen. But seen or not, other than giving amused or puzzled glances no one passing down had paid much notice.  The lift continued to clunk and shudder over the pylons as it ran up to the peak.
“You can open your eyes now Mr. Abbot,” said Kat softly to the man, as they swung into the terminal. 
“Are we close to the ground yet?”
“Nearly. It’s time to get off.”
Seconds later they jumped down into ankle deep snow. It ran over the top of their shoes, and wet their feet.
At last there were people, but they were even more conspicuous here. Everyone wore heavy hooded jackets, baggy moisture proof trousers and thick woolen hats. 
“I’m sick of snow,” grumbled Abbot.
Kat nodded in agreement. “Let's find somewhere where we can sit out of sight and try to think one step ahead.”
“You mean catch up,” said Abbot.
People congregated in several buildings, but in the main at a cafe. It was obviously a popular meeting place. It was steamy and noisy; there were no other words for it.  The largest area was open to the outside along one side, and allowed for the constant coming and going of warmly dressed men and women. Those Inside stood in pools of drip-water, coats steaming with evaporating moisture. Breath seemed to collect in misty clouds between the groups, only stirred by people continually entering and leaving. Once inside everyone congregated in front of a massive timber fire: burning inside a large stone grate, on the furthest wall. Then when too warm they would graduate outside, pick up a new load of snow, before moving back inside again. Nobody seemed willing to remove the heavy jackets they wore, they just moved in and out. 
Behind a counter to one end a bearded man was serving a constant queue of people with cups of boiling brown liquid. All in all, a hot wetness pervaded the room.
They pushed in amongst the throng. They needed somewhere where they could talk without being overheard. Here they could barely talk.
A screened off section to one side of the room close to the fire offered the chance of some chairs and relative quiet, and in their present attire it looked more a place they would be expected to sit, though they had to turn off their thermals. 
Six other people already sat there, and they sat well away trying to blend into the walls. A vid screen ran on unwatched in the corner close to them. 
“What are they drinking?” Asked Abbot.
“Don’t know.” Said Kat. “But it smells good.”
“I'm hungry,” Abbot grumbled.
“We should get something Alexi.” Kat said. “Everybody else has got something to drink.”
“Or eat,” added Abbot.
“Alright.” Alexi had thought the same thing. “Abbot give Kat those tokens.”
“I want to see what they have got for myself.” He protested.
Alexi shrugged. “Fine, both of you go look then.”
Their chairs scrapped on the stone floor, though it was unheard in the general hubbub.  Almost as they walked away a sharp regular tone came out of the vid screen, apparently drawing attention to some announcement. The head and shoulders of a woman appeared; behind her shoulder a picture of a man dressed in red filled the screen. She began speaking. Alexi had to lean forward to hear.
“There was a crime with a difference this afternoon at Wonderland Northern City when a group of armed criminals mugged Grandfather Frost and made off with a collection of tokens collected for the Carroll children’s Christmas appeal. The two thugs and their female accomplice made their getaway……....”
‘That’s us’, muttered Alexi to himself. ‘Thugs? Armed? What are they talking about’. He quickly looked at the six others seated close by. They seemed uninterested in the broadcast and talked between themselves, apparently not hearing.
“…The felons are believed to be the same ones that shortly after robbed a manuscript store on Glacier Avenue. All were Caucasian. The first male is described as towards one point eight meters, well-built and light hair. The other one point six plus meters and slight dark hair. The female fair skinned, one five and light hair. They are all reported as wearing... homeware?” She paused and smiled in apparent amusement, before taking on a serious tone. “These criminal acts are believed to be associated with reports of unauthorized entry to Wonderland. Commissioner Dllas said it was previously believed that subversives from the alliance had, had no interest in the recreation arcs, but now security may have to be tightened to prevent any further protests being directed at previously peaceful areas.” Another picture appeared and the woman spoke on about an ice skating competition.
Several of the seated group had started looking at him as they continued talking amongst themselves.
“Here you are Alexi.” Said Kat coming to his side; placing a cup of the brown stuff on the table. She leaned down her lips close to his ear. “It’s called cofe.”
With more scraping they both sat alongside him.
“I'm getting the hang of this,” she said producing the tokens. “The gold one is worth a hundred, the rouge one fifty, the....”
Alexi wanted to move, but he kept quiet as Abbot slurped, and Kat sipped her cofe; and talked. After what seemed ages they pushed the thick white crockery into the middle of the table.
“Hey I could get used to drinking that,” Kat said.
“Me too.” Agreed Abbot. “And the rum soup tasted like nothing I've ever had before. It was great.” 
Alexi began to stand. “I think it’s time to move again,” he said.
“Move. I've just got comfortable. We can't keep on moving,” the scientist protested.
“Come on,” said Kat obediently. “Duty calls.” She was already moving after Alexi. Reluctantly Abbot followed, as did the eyes of the six. 
They made their way outside. It was snowing harder and big flakes settled on their clothes. If they had looked conspicuous before it was even worse now. Walking across the snow covered roadway, in what it seemed were party clothes, in the middle of a blizzard.
“We’ve got to get back down of the mountain,” said Alexi.
“Why. We’ve just come up, where are we going now?” The scientist was becoming annoyed. “We can’t keep going up and down all day. Just wandering aimlessly about.”
“We’re not, and it looks like the light will be failing soon, so we’re going to have to make our way back to the Warrior.”
 “You said we had to assimilate into the population. What about the others?” Grumbled Abbot even louder.
“We do, and we will; once we’ve got supply of the tokens replicated. Then we can find somewhere to buy clothes; get somewhere to stay…. Become normal.” As he spoke it seemed just the simple everyday things that people did without thought, were becoming complicated tasks to them.  “We’re just too out of place like this.” He decided not to explain that they were now also fugitives.
Reluctantly Abbot agreed, “Yes…Yes I suppose that sounds sensible. But is it wise to go back to the city, they could be still looking for us.”
We don’t have any options. We have to meet up again with the others; and anyway I suspect they're looking for us everywhere.” He knew that was actually true. “Once we have some tokens we can come back and find out more about this place, and we won’t be so obvious.”
“Obvious?” muttered Kat. “Then maybe we should find an alternative to sitting on that chairlift again.”
“I agree,” said Abbot. “We just as well could carry big signs around our necks saying here we are aliens, come and get us.”
Alexi looked at the scientist; he strangely seemed to have become quite cheerful. “I suppose there has to be an alternative way down?”
“There would have to be,” said Kat. “It would be impractical to use those lifts for supplies.”
For several minutes they wandered about as the visibility decreased. Then they stumbled upon a group of people stood outside a small building.
“Is it another cofe servery?” Said Abbot hopefully. 
“They look as if they’re waiting for something. Maybe it’s a transport?” Answered Kat.
“At least we'll be off the street… and out of this weather.” Alexi was still thinking of the newscast. “It could be best if we split up?”
“Split up?” said Abbot anxiously. “You said nobody was to be on their own “
“I just mean we don’t walk together.... You walk with Kat. It would look as if you’re together; I’m the third person. It looks odd; it draws people’s attention to us.”
Abbot’s eyes lit up. “Yes that makes sense. Here Kat, let me hold your hand.”
The woman threw Alexi a long glance, he wasn’t sure he liked its meaning.
“I’ll stay a way behind. Just don’t duck into anywhere until I see where you’ve gone, and head for the docking ports if you see any signs that look like they will take us back there.”
They made their way separately across the road, to join at the back of the queue. It moved reasonably quickly inside, encouraged by an overly enthusiastic usher. “Come on folks. Move forward. Plenty of seats on the Bob. You'll be down the mountain in no time....”
Abbot looked at Kat. “Yessssss,” he muttered.
“Come on folks. The fun never stops in Wonderland, it never finishes; it goes on and on…”
“Where did they find him,” whispered Kat to Abbot.
“Obviously he enjoys his Bob?” Abbot smiled, and put his arm about the girl’s waist, pulling her tight. She looked back over her shoulder to Alexi several places back, and again gave him another one of those looks. 
At that moment the usher spotted them. “Move forward before our friends here freeze to death folks. Popsicle patrons are bad for Wonderlands reputation,” he joked loudly. “Come on in you too.” He looked at them leeringly. “Are you two newlyweds?”
Abbot beamed.
“I thought so.” The usher roared. “I can spot the look every time. That’s right fella hold her tight; don’t let the little lady get away…They must be in love folks, that’s all they need to keep them warm.” Everybody was looking at them. Everybody was laughing because of them. “First day outside in a week and they get lost. The sign said ski fields, not summer fields,” he roared again with a forced laughter. “Go through this’ll warm you up.” He gave a sly grin. “Though I’ll bet they’re capable of doing that themselves, isn’t that right folks?”
Alexi saw that Kat almost ran through into the building. It was at that moment that the woman in the big snow jacket grabbed his arm.

By the time Rhea and Philip came to the seventh and final pool; the lobster hole, they were new people. Their bodies tingled with a freshness they both only vaguely remembered, and their modesty had given way to a friendly relaxation. The pool was by far the hottest; as Howard had warned, but by now their own skin temperatures had soared to new heights. Even so it was still very hot. 
They just kept close to the edge, upper arms lifted and fingers clasped over their heads. 
“This is so beautiful,” sighed Rhea. “I wonder if the others are having such a great time.”
“I expect so…after all this is Wonderland.” Philip smiled.
“Isn’t it just?”
“Ouch.” Philip frowned.
“What’s wrong?”
“Don’t stick your toes down into the sand. That is toooooo hot.”
“Thank you Alexi,” she giggled as she rested her head back on the pools rock lined rim. “Thank you for being such a stubborn and arrogant man, and having to have your own way.”  
There was a cough behind them. Slowly they turned. Howard stood with the wraps in his arms. “Having fun?”
“Oh yes,” said Rhea with almost a sigh. 
“I’m sorry to be the spoiler, but it really would be unwise to exceed the recommended time limit.”
“We have to get out?” she said disappointedly.
“A few more minutes then.” He smiled. “But as your responsible host that is all I can allow.”
“Howard?” Said Philip hesitantly.
“Yes sir.”
“Our clothes. It was a bit of a spontaneous idea to come… We should have been more prepared. Is there anywhere we could get something more appropriate?”
“That won’t be a problem at all sir. We have complementary clothes for our special guest's.”
“Complementary?”
“As I said we want all the people at central to know that we treat our special visitors to the very best of everything.” He winked again. “Please accept the hospitality of Wonderland. Just ask whatever you need.”
“Well,” said Rhea. 

Almost immediately Alexi recognized the woman in the snow jacket as Rhea. “What are you doing here?” he said in shocked surprise.
“Come with me,” she demanded, half dragging him around the corner.
“Kat.” He said looking back towards the buildings as the woman bundled him forward.
“Forget them.” In moments they were inside a narrow service lane. Philip stepped out of a small tracked vehicle.
“Philip. What are you both doing here?”
“Alexi…” He said handing him his thick red ski jacket. “Take off your tunic.”
“My tunic?” Alexi stuttered as Rhea began to pull open the front of his jacket. “What's?”
“Just get it off.” Philip said more confidently than Alexi had ever heard him speak before. “It was on the newscast. The authorities are on to you.” He said sharply.
“I know. Kat and Abbot are….”
“They are onto all three of you. You have to let them go. It’s the mission that counts. We are dispensable.” He pulled Alexis jacket off his arm
“Dispensable?” Alexi said, shocked at Philips almost casual attitude.
He was slipping on Alexi’s coat. “Rhea and I discussed it on the way up. They have sealed the mountain off. They are looking for two men and a blonde woman. They won’t be looking for a raven-haired woman and her partner. Stay with her she knows what to do.” He turned to walk away.
“Wait what are you doing?”
“Doing. I’m doing what I have to do.”
“You can’t take my place?”
Philip stopped briefly and turned back. “We have no more time, Rhea will explain.”
Alexi tried to sound firm. “Philip I'm commander. I won’t let you take my place.”
“Alexi, am I a good navigator?”
“Navigator… Yes... you’re the best.”
“And are you a good commander?”
He was a little less positive this time. “I try to be.”
“Then which of us is least important?”
“That’s a ridiculous way to compare us.” Protested Alexi.
“No. It is the only way. Keep safe and the maker willing, one day we will see each other again.” He turned to go again, then stopped and leaned his lips close to Alexi's ear.” If I am to die, then I die happily. I have seen her naked.” He laughed and strode out into the street.
Nothing made sense. “Philip...” Alexi called out after the man.
Rhea was hanging onto his arm. “No Alexi. It is for the best.”
“It should be me going?”
“And prove what point?”
“I am the commander…”
“Self-sacrifice is not what Philip or any of us needs from you now. We need someone with a clear head and a plan to help all three of them.”
“I... But…” he mumbled ashamedly.
“Philip is doing what he has to.”
“Yes… I...”Alexi said dejectedly.
She wrapped her arms around one of his pulling him towards the vehicle. “What did he whisper to you?”
Alexi looked at her. Even enveloped in the bundles of clothes as she was, he could still use his imagination. “He said good luck.”

The Usher had barely stopped talking to take a breath. “Find a seat folks. We’ll have you down the mountain in no time at all.”
Kat leapt into a vacant seat.
Abbot stood rigid. “I'm not going in that.”
“Come on sir you’re holding everything up.” Urged the usher.
“Get in,” snapped Kat. “You want down the mountain; you got down the mountain.”
“I meant alive.”
“How dangerous can it be?”

Philip looked for Kat or Abbot; they were far up towards the front of the sled. He was right at the end of a dwindling queue when he stepped from the platform into one of the remaining back seats. In his rush he hadn’t given much thought to what he was about to do; and now he saw that this was no train. At least not in the usual sense. As a train it was a line of attached double seat sleds, nestled in an ice channel. He slid into a hard plastic seat.
“Mind your arms.” Shouted the usher as a rail lifted at their sides pinning them inside. A short blast on a whistle, and then he felt as if he had been kicked in the back as a machine at the rear catapulted them forward.  It came as a total shock. He was so used to the feeling of no feeling of acceleration, that for a moment he couldn’t breathe. The reaction lasted for only an instant before it was replaced by terror as he saw a little in front, that the leading carriages were rising precariously up the side of the track before abruptly turning with the camber. He braced himself expecting everything to crash back onto the track, but instead there was a rattling whoosh and shards of ice sprayed over him as the leading sled slipped back off the wall, throwing him hard against the rail before there was another deafening whoosh and they were lifting up in the opposite direction.
It took several more heart wrenching turns before he began to get used to the violent jarring movement, and relaxed his fingers enough to get the blood flowing again.
He tried to look out, but the steep ice banks and the shuddering changes of direction provided few sights, other than flashes of countryside or the blur of building. 
After ten or more curves he had begun to relax and let the exhilaration take over. Philip began to experience the raw excitement. This wasn’t meant to be educating, or stimulating in any other way than a basic Adrenalin surge. It had never occurred to him that people would make fear, a pleasure 
All too soon a shower of ice shavings sprayed up from the leading carriages, and they were slowing down; and with a series of jolting breakings, that rocked him back and forth, his mind returned to what awaited.
There was a slight shuddering as the sleds rattled to a stop alongside a concrete platform. Philip was only a little disappointed; in a strange way it had been enjoyable, but his neck hurt, and he felt as if all his bones had been shaken out of their sockets. 
Out of a building far up at the front of the sleds, appeared a dozen black uniformed figures. Immediately he knew and fear swept over him as he grasped the rail pinning him in his seat. It moved, but would not release. Now several militiamen were approaching him. One strode confidently beside his sled and with a relaxed movement put his shiny knee high boot, up onto the side of the carriage. Crossing his arms over his knees, and leaning a little down, he spoke. “Welcome to Wonderland.” He smiled.  “Perhaps you would be good enough to show me your entry ticket?”
Decimated
Philip was marched to a convoy of black, ominous looking vehicles. As he was pushed into the back of a small personnel carrier he saw Abbot and Kat forced into other vehicles to his left.
Wedged between two soldiers he stared out of the darkened windows as they sped away from the crowd of curious onlookers, and back towards the city he had so recently left.
The soldiers didn’t speak, and he felt too despondent to ask where they were going, or what was to happen to them. Instead he listened to the whine of the motor as it wound up and down as they negotiated the roads, until they eventually entered an urban fringe. Then it became even darker through the windows as the road sloped down underground. 
Philip had no idea where they went or where they were, until they pulled up at an entrance. A number of people were in a foyer that seemed more to be a reception area, than the military post he expected. Several bystanders stared; others just avoided looking in his direction. He forced himself to be positive: somehow Alexi would get them out, as he always did.  
To his surprise; instead of an interrogation cell, the room Philip was brought to was comfortably furnished in the style of a living area; though there was a militiaman casually seated at a table in front of the window. Philip noticed that it was unbarred, but as it was four sheer floors above the ground there was probably no necessity.
The man looked up as he entered. “Ah. Philip… how are you?” He said as he casually closed the file of documents open in front of him. “…I can call you Philip?”
“I guess you can do pretty much anything you want.” Philip replied surly 
“Well I suppose if you want to put it like that; yes I can.” He looked at the two-soldier escort. “You can go. I don’t think our guest is considering anything troublesome. That is right isn’t it Philip? Your not going to be a problem are you?”
“Why should I be, I haven’t done anything wrong.”
“Oh dear, oh dear, oh dear.” The militiaman sighed stretching out his legs, and intertwining his fingers behind his head. “Is this going to be tiresome?”
“I don’t know as I said I haven’t done anything…”
“Well actually….” He interrupted. “…My understanding is that you have, though wrong is probably a bit harsh. Stupid would be a more apt description.”
Philip felt his muscles tense; he was offended by the man’s almost dismissive attitude. “I don’t like being called stupid,” he blurted.
“You don’t?” he said with an exaggerated look of surprise. “Well then neither do I like being treated as if I am stupid.”
Philip held a reply and stared coldly at him.
“Then please correct me. What would you call someone who steals an utter pittance from Santa Clause?”
“I don’t know any person called Santa Cloors,” said Philip in all truthfulness?
“Precisely. You don’t know him…Convicted by your own words.” He stood. “Look Philip, I hope you’re not offended, and I’m sure the story you are desperate to offer me is an interesting one, but it’s Christmas, and I have a partner and four offspring waiting on my arrival home, so I have neither the time nor the patience to sit here if you intend to be unhelpful.” He stood and strode to the door. 
Philip watched in confusion as the militiaman opened it and began to leave the room. He had never been interrogated before, but this wasn’t what he had expected. “Wait,” he called anxiously. 
The man stopped and turned his head expectantly.  
“Is that it?”
The soldier seemed to be amused. “It…Yes.” he looked at Philip for a few moments. “Why, do you want me to have you tortured?”
“But you have asked me nothing.”
“If it makes you feel better you can tell me you rank and serial number.” He said condescendingly. “No, let me tell you, you are the navigation officer, and actually I have no interest in your serial number.”
“Why have I been brought here?”
“I wanted to see you face to face.”
“See my face?”
“Of course. How can I make judgments or assumptions if I have not actually seen you myself?”
He knew the answer but it seemed worth asking. “Then I can go now?”
The militiaman smiled. “Consider this obligatory accommodation.”
“I am under arrest?”
“Yes.”
“What’s going to…. happen to us.”
The militiaman’s smile faded. “You’re going to be executed after breakfast.”
Philip couldn’t help feeling felt shock run through his body; and obviously showed it, as the man began laughing.
“Maybe if I had my way it would solve our problem; but you can relax, you have every chance of being an old man; though I detected a certain resignation to that in your present situation. We are not that barbaric, but maybe you’re people are.” 
Philip tried to show nothing. “My people?”
“Do you want to tell me about the rest of your crew?”
The man’s almost disinterest concerned him. Philip knew they had Kat and Abbot, but the man’s indifference made him think he had the others too. Alexi didn’t need a plan, he needed a miracle. He tried to phrase his words as both answer and question. “You have them?”
The man shrugged. “They will be brought here.”
“So you don’t have them?”
Again the soldier put on a false look of surprise. “We don’t? Maybe if you tell me how many you are then I can tell you for certain?”
“You think I will?”
“More that I hoped you would, but you won’t will you.” He sighed and again went to leave.
“Am I to be interrogated?” Philip was flabbergasted.
The soldier shrugged his shoulders. “Maybe?”
“What about the others. The ones I was with?”
“Your fellow crew members are in adjacent rooms: but you cannot see them for a while. As you will understand for the time being there will be a guard on the door?”
“Then what are you going to do with us?”
“You will be fitted with tracers. Oh... Sorry, not being a local you don’t know what they are, do you? Nothing too obtrusive, small bracelets that fit around your ankle, that enable us to locate you whenever we wish. Once fitted with them you will be released.”
“You’re going to let us go?” Philip said incredulously.
“It’s not my decision but probably. Is there a reason we should not?”
“I thought…”
“You thought what Philip? That we would consider you dangerous? That we would need to throw you into the deepest dungeon? To be truthful I would prefer to do that, as what you represent scares the hell out of me, but to be totally honest you and you friends are much more of a curiosity than a threat.” The militiaman looked at him. “Please close your mouth and try not to look so surprised.” Then the condescending tone returned. “Before I finally go, I am right in assuming that there’s nothing you can tell me that I don’t already know?” He waited barely a moment and smiled. “No I guessed not. Well it’s been interesting; kind of, but I must leave, that is unless you would be willing to ask the Warrior to dock for inspection?” He stared at the speechless Philip for a moment. “No, I expected not. The guards will fit your tracer, and then you will have a night’s relaxation at the Companies expense. Tomorrow, or the day after you will be reunited with your friends.” He opened the door and left Philip in a stunned silence. 

Rhea swung the unfamiliar vehicle around the narrow roads in a suicidal fashion. 
“How long will it take to get down,” said Alexi, while what he wanted to say was ‘take your time’.
“It took twenty five up; I should be able to take ten off that going back.”
He fell silent trying to remember if Tiber Anwen had a deep winter season. He was sure it didn’t but the woman had certainly learned snow driving somewhere. He forced his mind away. “How did you know where we were?”
“Everybody knew,” she shot back.
“Everybody?”
“It was on all the newscasts about the three of you, and then reports of the mountain being sealed. Believe me you were walking around with great big signs on your heads saying ‘Here we are’.”
“I saw the newscast, but I didn’t see anything about the mountain being sealed.”
“The feeds into that area were a modified version, enough to spook you without warning you.”
He felt foolish. “I can’t believe this is happening.”
“Well take it on good authority, this is all happening. According to Howard…”
“Howard?”
“It’s a long story. Anyway not only are we; meaning you.” She glanced sideways with an accusing look. “…Fugitives. We: again meaning you, have alerted and have directed against us, the entire military resources of the arc.”
“This isn’t turning out like I had intended.” He mumbled.
“It isn’t?” she said sarcastically. “According to how… this guy asked if Philip and I had rushed over to Winter Wonderland to see your apprehension in real life, rather than on the newscasts. What in heaven’s name were you doing to rate prime time live coverage?”
“I don’t know,” muttered Alexi in shame.
“Well I guess now we have to lay low and try and contact Claries. Otherwise her team could open the Warriors airlock to a trap.”
His voice rose in shock. “They know about the Warrior?”
“Not as such. Howard said they…. You: had been dropped off from an alien warship.”
“How do they know that? We could have already been here?”
“I don’t know, but he was quite adamant that you had just arrived.”
Alexi was confused. “How could they?” he mumbled again.
“Maybe they were alerted as we docked, and have been watching us since?”
The thought worried him. “But that would mean they know how many there are of us. Anyway that doesn’t make sense, let us get in and then chase us?”
“Maybe they wanted to see what we would do?”
“It doesn’t make sense.”
“Nothing makes sense.”
Alexi slammed his fist against the dashboard. “This is impossible.”
“I’d like to tell you it isn’t, but a third of our team have been apprehended; likely the others soon will be. Can I enquire if anything about strategic surrender is mentioned in those precious articles of war that you like to quote?”
He was shaking his head. “We have contacted the Warrior ……Tell Stone to stand off.”
“Howard gave me a bright red scarf. I can wave it out of a viewing port if you like?”
Alexi was furious. He had led his crew and craft into total annihilation; the woman’s flippant remarks bit deeply. “This Howard, he seemed to know all about us, would he know something more?”
“Alexi have you been listening; it’s over. It’s finished, all we can do now is escape ourselves.”
“I need to think of a plan to get them out.”
“If you think Howard will know where they are and help you, forget it. Philip and I have already gone through what has to be done.”
“And what’s that?”
“We contact the authorities; anonymously, and tell them that Claries group will be by the structure. While the militia is concentrating on them we get back to the Warrior.”
“Betray my crew?” Said Alexi incredulously.
“In my book it’s called regrouping.”
He found it hard not to snarl. “That’s what the D.S.D manual sets out is it?”
“Common sense tells you that if your force is decimated, your advance compromised; and you’re against overwhelming odds, you draw essential units back to defendable ground. Pure and simple.”
“Our force consists of you, me, Stone and?  It's hardly overwhelming.”
“Then to quote the D.S.D. manual…” Rhea said, with a sarcastic edge to her voice. “A few can often do what many cannot.”
Alexi’s reply was equally sarcastic. “I don’t suppose you have a copy with you?”
Rhea ignored the tone. “Then we just all give up? ‘
“No... Of course not. It’s just not the way we fight on the frontier.”
“You’re not on the frontier; the action is in my territory now.”
Her words were still ringing in his ears as they slowed behind several other vehicles held up by a group of soldiers.  They were directing traffic and seemingly breaking up a crowd of people gawking after several departing military transports
“We’re too late to help them anyway,” said Rhea.
“We have been ever since we first arrived.” He muttered in answer. 
 
Rhea drove into a parking area adjacent to the hot pools.
“Don’t follow me; I’ll meet you back here. I don’t want to give Howard the impression that I change male companions like suits of clothes.”
She left the door open as she walked off. Alexi was certain he saw the moment where her walk suddenly changed, and her bearing became regal.

“Howard,” she commanded into the air.
Moments later a man appeared along a pathway. “Madam,” he said with respect, “Did you enjoy the sight?”
“Yes Howard, I never imagined it would be quite so exciting.”
“Good. Good. Then your trip to Wonderland will be a lasting memory?”
“It will Howard, and not in little thanks to you.”
“It is a pleasure, and next time I hope you will ask more of me.”
“Well Howard, I’m going to do that right now? ‘.
“Madam whatever I can?”
“There are rumors that there will be more arrests?”
“Yes I have heard.”
“And soon “
“It seems likely.”
“Then Howard I shall spend the night here.”
“An excellent idea madam, can I suggest somewhere?”
“Howard you are a man beyond worth.”
He grinned with pleasure.

Rhea emerged from the pools, and walked directly to the vehicle.
“Well?” He asked.
“Well what?” she said enjoying feeling superior.
“What did you find out?”
“The authorities expect shortly to make more arrests, and that we can sleep in. They are not likely to happen until eleven local time.”
“That’s ……That’s the time we agreed?”
“Yes.”
Alexi slumped in the seat. “So they know?”
“It seems almost everything.”
“Philip must have talked?”
“Philip,” she said with conviction. “Would tell them nothing.”
Alexi was taken aback by her certainty. “I meant somebody has given them the information.”
“That is apparently so.”
“Sleep in?” Alexi suddenly realized what she had said;” We’ve got somewhere to stay?”
“No.” she smiled snootily. “I…. have a room at the lodge. It seems it is the custom here for women of substance to bring their male companions to Wonderland for secret trysts.”

They booked into the hotel and went up to their room. The furniture was chunky, but the coverings delicate. Alexi thought it was a strange combination, though Rhea seemed more than pleased. 
He wandered out onto the open balcony and looked down to the street. It was almost dark, but instead of thinning, the crowd seemed to have increased. 
The soft decorative lights and noise had begun to grow on him. It felt … cozy, was the word that sprung to mind. He smiled at the thought then gazed up at the section of the arc, through where the stars outside could be seen. 
Even though it felt relaxed, all this fussiness made him miss the cool smooth surfaces aboard the Warrior. He wondered if he would ever see his stark, sterile quarters again. Would his words come back to haunt him and this is where he would remain to the end of his days. Immediately he pushed the thought from his mind. Of course they would escape, he just needed a plan, but a plan seemed as far away as the twinkling stars.
“Alexi.”
He turned around to find Rhea dressed in even more new clothes.
“Where are you getting all this stuff?”
“I’m using this,” she said holding up her empty hand.
“Using what?” He said walking back into the room.
“This,” she fingered a ring on the little finger of her right hand. “They’re called holey dollars, but I think that’s just a nickname. Howard gave it to me; he said it was a company promotion.”
“How does it work?”
“When you purchase goods you press your hand against a pad….”
He nodded in complete understanding. 
“It’s connected to a central banking system…”
“Maybe we could buy a couple of pulse pistols?”
Rhea smiled, “Short of that any other thoughts on what we’re going to do?”
“As you say drop back and re-group; get back to the Warrior.”
“They’ll probably be waiting.”
“Maybe not, maybe whoever they got to talk intended giving us a chance to get away?”
She looked at him dubiously.
He shrugged and wandered back out onto the balcony “Will that thing buy us some food?”
“I imagine so.”
“I feel like a condemned man. I need my last meal.”

Ferguson, Grunt and the others were floating up to the small metal balcony that would lead them to the entrance tunnel while Claries waited by the viewing port. She could see nothing and hoped that outside Stone had received their call.
“This is wrong,” said Grunt ashamedly. “We should have given the commander more time.”
“And get ourselves captured.” Snapped Ferguson. “You saw the reports, you saw the militia everywhere. It is suicide to stay.”
“Mr. Ferguson.” Claries almost snarled. “We are not abandoning our comrades. Once we are suitably armed we will return and find them.” Out of the darkness she suddenly saw the Warrior appear. “The Warrior is here. Ready?” She called to Grunt. 
As the docking signal went green the woman brushed her hand over the opening control. The door quickly slid to the side, but instead of revealing the airlock to their ship, it revealed a soldier anchored to the floor with magnetic boots. Stepping forward he rammed a deadly looking firearm up against Grunts stomach. “Leaving so soon. I don’t think so,” 

Stone heard the clamps lock on with a solid thud, and air hissed into the airlock. He was ready to be away as soon as they were aboard, but as the door swung open, and the view through the airlock was revealed, he saw the crew and scientists against one wall, hands in the air, facing a squad of armed soldiers.  There was a click as the communications console activated. “Welcome to Winter Wonderland Mr. Graham. Please do not try to unlock from the docking bay. You will find that the clamps will not release.”
Immediately Stone hit the release button, but as he had been warned the Warrior would not detach.
“Mr. Graham?” The voice carried a chastising. “It would not be wise to move the ship as you are now the sole objective of a squadron of our fighter craft. Unpleasant as the prospect may seem, joining your fellow crew in custody is your only option. Be assured that working, or as scrap, the Warrior is now under the jurisdiction of the Carroll Company.”

“Yuhoo Alexi. Yuhooooo.” The high-pitched female voice cut through the noise in the departure hall. 
He froze as almost every face turned towards them. 
“Alexi…. Wait.”
Rhea was already looking behind as he turned.
People were moving aside as a young woman swept across the concourse towards them. She was short and athletic, with waist long chestnut hair that flowed over the calf length white fur coat. Partly open it revealed she was dressed in an ice blue evening dress.  
“Oh I thought I was too late.” She said breathlessly coming besides him.  “I wouldn’t have known what to say to daddy…. You are Alexi aren’t you?” she said, barely taking a breath. Her attention turned to Rhea.  “…And you must be Rhea?”
Alexi wasn’t sure whether to admit or deny that he was, but his worst fears were confirmed as he saw that several soldiers followed her. “There must be a mistake.” He managed to utter at last.
“Oh silly,” the young woman giggled, slipping her arm around his. “Don’t tease me; you’re exactly as you were described. Now come along, daddy wants to meet you.”
“I don’t know you or...”
She was pulling him back towards the entrance. He looked at Rhea, then at the line of soldiers now blocking their way to the vator.
 “Of course you don’t know me, how could you, we’ve never met. I’m Celia?”
He looked around. There was no escape. He gave a resigned shrug.
The girl was looking at him as if she expected to be acknowledged. “Celia?” She said again as if talking to a child. “Celia Carroll. Daddy owns the Company.”
Company Lunch
From the outside it may have looked like a functional vehicle, but inside it was much more than just comfortable. Celia, while instructing Alexi that he should sit in the plush seat beside her, left Rhea to seat herself facing back towards them, besides a waiting militiaman. 
The young woman had barely paused in her chatter, until without warning she fell into speaking a guttural language that Alexi found totally bewildering.
Rhea looked at Alexi, her eyes in a resigned though fearless surrender.
Whatever she was saying the girl was obviously arguing with the soldier, then as quickly as her words had dropped out of their understanding they returned to them.  “I’m sorry, what terrible manners you must think I have.” She physically turned in the seat to face Alexi. “You don’t speak Russ do you?”
He had hardly time to reply. 
“Of course you don’t. I was just telling my brother that he has no option but to come to Lunch. Daddy said he wants to introduce you to everybody, and will accept no excuses....”
“Lunch?” Said Rhea in amazement. “We’re going to lunch?”
Celia poked her finger into Alexis arm. “Silly girl isn’t she Alexi,” she grinned patronizingly. “What else would you do at this time of day?”
Rhea was furious at the woman, but politely smiled back, though slightly crossing her eyes. Celia missed the visual insult but Alexi didn’t, and choked back the start of a laugh.
Celia thought the involuntary action was directed at her, and not at her expense.” Oh I do like it when people are funny,” she giggled. “David said you were all as humorless as that Philip character, but I told him all he……...”
“Philip?” Interrupted Alexi.
“Yes, he’s one of the men off your space-saucer thing, isn’t he?”
“He’s here?”
“Yes; well not here as in where we are going right now, but he’s on Wonderland someplace. Isn’t that right David?”
The man nodded.  
“I think he’s at the Inn?”
“The Inn?”
”It’s one of the accommodation buildings for visitors.”
“Then I would like to speak to him.”
“Oh I don’t think he’s invited? The crew aren’t invited are they David?”
She looked at her brother and again spoke in the unintelligible language. He answered her in the same, and then she turned back to Alexi. “He refuses to speak to you. He’s not in a good mood; he says he should be interrogating you, not in conversation. Anyway he agrees it’s just a small gathering, and said I could tell you he will be at the Inn later this afternoon if you need to send a message.”
“I request and evoke the prisoner of war articles, and my right as commander to ensure the situation of my crew.”
David immediately spoke to Celia in their unintelligible language. She answered angrily before turning back to Alexi. “David insists I tell you that you entered Wonderland illegally and are considered hostile agents.”  Alexi felt insulted and tried to protest but Celia was listening again to David. Once more she turned back. “I am also to point out that the Carroll Company is not a signatory to the articles you speak of and therefore does not recognize any rights that they may allow you.” 
Again he went to object but Celia had changed the subject. “Anyway it’s Christmas Eve; daddy has other plans for you.”
Alexi slumped back in the seat as Celia continued to talk. He was not quite sure which irritated him most, that she seemed to know everything they had done, or that she treated it all as if it was unimportant. His mind suddenly came back to the conversation as he caught the drift of Celia’s question. 
She was looking at Rhea with a knowing smile….
.”………Actually I slept on the couch?” Alexi said in an attempt to refute her insinuation.
She spun towards him.” You’re not serious are you?” and then to Rhea. “Is he serious?” Then once again to him. “Oh Alexi you are a gentleman. It’s such a hard quality to find in men.”
“How did you know?” Asked Rhea.
“How did I know?” Celia seemed for once strangely confused
“How did you know we had a room at the lodge?”
“Daddy told me…”
David interrupted. “I believe Celia, that father’s guests are referring to being unaware that they have been under surveillance.”
Rhea and Alexi glanced at each other before they both looked at David. His voice was deep and his elocution crisp. 
“Am I correct?”
“Yes. I… we didn’t suspect.” Said Rhea.
“Thank you, I will take that as a compliment. If you had, I would not have been doing my job properly.”
“I thought you said they had a tracer, “Celia said innocently, while winking at Alexi.
David shot her an insolent look, but she had turned to Rhea. “For some reason,” her words indicated that she knew exactly what that that was. “…I believed you had tracers in your ski jackets.”
 There was silence for several minutes; even Celia seemed caught in her own thoughts.” Oh look. There’s the chalet.” She said suddenly as if needing to break the hush.
They turned in the direction she was gesturing.
High up the snowline was a single building. It looked small, even considering the distance.
“Isn’t it pretty? I always like being on Wonderland so we can stay there.”
“Don’t be misled.” Said David anticipating Alexi’s thoughts. “The greater part of the building is built into the hillside, as is most of Wonderlands accommodation, work areas and its support systems. The permanent population: literally, live below the mountain.
At last the man seemed prepared to acknowledge them, so Alexi pressed the opportunity home. “My crew, they are in good health?”
David looked at him disdainfully. “And why would they not be?”
“I am responsible for them; it is both my duty as commander and concern as a friend to know they are safe.”
David nodded understanding. “They are in the same condition as you would have last seen them, though our medical teams say the one called Abott…”
“Abbot?”
“Has multiple flesh bruising due to his decent down the mountain. And to answer the question you will not ask. I am informed we also have your spacecraft.”
Alexi had refused to consider that the Warrior could be taken. While it was free there was hope, suddenly all hope was gone. “I want it understood that as commander I alone accept all responsibility for my crew arriving in secret, and insist that they be treated as prisoners of war and not as agents of espionage.”
David had begun laughing. “What kind of people do you think we are?” The voice sounded puzzled, but Alexi wasn’t sure if it was delivered with a sneer. “You all have been detained only until we can ascertain your true intentions.”
“As long as you know I will only cooperate providing my crew is fairly treated.”
“No,” David said firmly. “You will cooperate…. whatever happens.”
After David’s threatening words even Celia’s bubbly attempts could not thaw the chill that had formed between them.
Their approach to the chalet seemed to be at the expense of it visibly dwindling even more in size, and by the time they were driving into the vehicle-parking bay alongside it, it seemed barely big enough for a standard family.
But as they got out of the vehicle and looked around David’s words proved correct. Panels to their left slid open as two muscular civilians came out from a foyer. They stood casually to each side of the opening as a third older man followed. He was middle aged and casually dressed; he reached out his hand firstly to Rhea. “Professor Thain, Welcome to the chalet. I am Paul Carroll “
Alexi tried to see Rheas reaction, but with his own surprise he was a little too slow, and saw only the smile that he had come to suspect. In an instant all he had heard swept through his mind. According to legend Paul Carroll was the founder of the Corporation. Was this that same Paul, or just one of a line having the name? There were obviously no images of the man but folk law had described him as ambitious and ruthless. It hardly fitted the affable man offering the facilities of his home to them.
The thought overwhelmed him as David led him down some passages and showed him the bathroom.
“When you’ve freshened up we’re straight down this corridor. Sixth door on the left.” He said in a casual manner. “We’ll leave the door open.” Without another word he turned and left Alexi alone.

When Alexi stepped into the dining room he was struck with its comparison to the restroom. That had been functional to the extreme; this was opulent. It was a big room, ornately decorated with brocade drapes, and several large paintings placed against dark timber paneling. Tiny spotlights illuminated the art, while a huge chandelier hung over the circular dining table that was set for six people. A handsome blonde man already occupied one of the chairs.
“Alor,” said Paul. “This is Alexi, one of our new guests….”He paused as Celia entered from the opposite door with Rhea.
Seeing her, the blonde man nervously pushed the antique chair back and stood to attention as a military man would. 
“Rhea; Alor.” Paul said directing his gaze at her before resting it on the blonde man. “Alor this is Rhea and as I said, Alexi.”
The man gave a curt nod of his head to each in turn.
Paul Pulled a chair back. “Rhea if you would be so good as to sit next to me.”
Alexi would have liked Rhea next to him, but Celia grabbed his hand and pulled him around to the chairs opposite. “You’re next to me Alexi.” She said sitting beside Alor and tapping the seat to her left.
David sat between Alexi and Paul.
Without any further formalities Paul looked around the table catching each in his glance. “Now we know each other let’s eat.”
Paul seemed genuinely pleased to have them all together and chatted lightly as three uniformed maids explained the choices and took their orders.
Alexi felt at a loss to know what was being offered even when the maid took her time to explain, Rhea didn’t seem to be as confused, but it was Alor that came to his aid. 
“Try the ‘Mooles ala cream. It’s like nothing you will have ever eaten before “
“Alor dear,” said Celia disapprovingly. “It is pronounced …Mmm... oules… à… la… crème.”
Alor looked at Alexi with what could have been either a smile or smirk on his face. 
“They are collected from close to our compound on Calypso,” Celia added.

Alexi was wondering how many houses they, or indeed anyone aboard the arcs had when Rhea interrupted. “Did you hear that Alexi.” She was definitely smirking. “You robbed the benefactor of Christmas?”

Alexi opened his mouth to say they had not intended to rob anyone when Paul spoke. “St. Nicholas, Santa Claus, Kringle, over the generations and between cultures he has many names. Here we mainly refer to him as Grandfather Frost.” Paul immediately launched into an explanation of the meaning of Christmas, and how on Wonderland all the population celebrated it, even though many had very different beliefs.
Alexi noticed that Alor seemed as unaware of the celebrations meaning as he was.
“...I don’t mean to sound boorish;” Said Paul, “but now you see why I demand there is no hostility during the festivities. Wherever you come from, you leave your differences, literally for another time.”
Alexi felt Paul was staring at him, before the man looked across the table at his son. “David, did you not tell him?”
“No father. I thought you should.”
“Oh.” Paul seemed disturbed; he looked at Alexi. “Alexi it seems in the introductions I omitted to say who Alor actually is.”
Alexi looked at Alor. He seemed uncomfortable under his stare.
“It was Alor’s spacecraft that your weapons destroyed.”
Alexi’s eyes darted between the two men, as did Rhea’s, before fixing on the blonde man’s face. “You commanded the Corporation spaceship? “She said tersely. 
Alor gave an embarrassed smile. “Luckily I and my crew were not aboard at the time.” He stood, and came to attention. “Lieutenant first class Alor Stronski of the Carroll Corporation peacemaker fourteen squadron.” He relaxed slightly and gave an exaggerated bow. “At your service.” Then he sat down accompanied by Paul and Celia’s enthusiastic clapping.
“Bravo…Well done, well done,” giggled Celia. 
For a moment Alexi thought of doing a similar over the top stunt, but decided it was more in keeping with his rank to ignore the urge.
Even so both Celia and Paul were looking at him expectantly.
Instead Alexi spoke while still seated, “I must compliment you lieutenant, following us through the tunnel would have required excellent flying.”
“Thank you Alexi. Knowing your impressive reputation I am more than honored to receive such a compliment.”
“You know of me?” said Alexi drawn slightly by the praise. 
“But of course.” There was a faint cooling of the man’s tone, “Mind I would advise for the same reasons that you try not to engage my second officer in any details of your exploits, as he lost fourteen members of his extended family during your last visit to their home plan…”
Rhea suddenly cut in, her words as sweet as honey. “Alor?”
His attention was instantly drawn to her. 
“May I ask you something?”
“You may ask me anything, pretty lady.” He smiled charmingly.
“Oh isn’t he adorable,” cooed Celia. 
Rhea ignored her and steered the conversation. “I assume it was you that alerted the authorities to our arrival?”
“In a round about way.” Countered Paul. “I think left to his own devices Alor would have preferred to remain undetected, as you yourselves intended.”
Alor shrugged his agreement.
“I have to tell you,” continued Paul. “…That in these times we too have dissidents. For that reason we monitor all arrivals to the arcs. There is an active detection zone at the ports. No one can dock without us being alerted, because of that Alor and his crew were apprehended almost immediately. He cooperated and told us of your presence. From the moment your engines powered down in front of the arc we had you under observation, though I must admit your cloaking devise is extremely good, but the chemical composition of your engine emissions is quite different to anything we use.”
“It was something of that nature that alerted us to the presence of a Corporation ship.” Rhea said turning back to Alor as if just continuing the conversation. “Alor when you tunneled. You took observations?”
Alexi looked at her worried about what she was about to reveal. 
“Yes we did.”
“Do you have them?”
“Unfortunately no. They were in the data banks of my cruiser.” He opened his arms over dramatically. “Yet now they are but shards… adrift... in our ever-distancing wake.”
“Daddy I want him,” sighed Celia dramatically. “I want to have my own poet.”
Her father laughed. “No matter Alor. When the time comes I’m sure Alexi will give you passage back. Of course that is assuming you want to return? As we have discussed any Corporation employee will always be looked after by the Company.”
Alor looked at Alexi. “Going back in the Warrior raises the question as to whether you would take us to Terran or Plar. Alexi would you take us back to freedom or internment?”
Alexi felt trapped in his answer. He wondered if Alor knew about the two battle fleets. “It does present a problem. If I have the reputation you claim we would have a hard time approaching your home world in an enemy warship.”
“Of course,” Alor smiled. “It is a pointless question. I would not impose on you Alexi.” He looked directly into Alexi’s eyes. “…After all the return of an overloaded Warrior will be perilous enough without the imposition of my crew and myself.” He turned back to their host. “No Paul, ours was... shall I say, a one-way trip. So considering that, my crew and I would be most grateful to assimilate with your Company.”
Alexi was puzzled. “You’re ship was not Tachyon capable?”
Alor smiled. ”Ahh Alexi is that a simple question, or do I trace a search for information?”
“I would not ask..."He looked deliberately at Paul, and tried to make his reply sound as friendly as possible. “...That you reveal anything sensitive, to an… opposing commander. I was merely curious that from your words, the ship could tunnel one way but not the other.”
“Then I am sorry to disappoint you Alexi, but our technology is up to the task. The truth is the ship had been modified. It was only ever intended to be a one-way trip.”
Suddenly all the pieces fell into place for Alexi. The corporation had known. They had to for Alor to be waiting. But would Alor also know the seven-invasion group had disappeared into the void area. “You never intended to return?”
Alor shrugged. “Sometimes we do what we have to do, whatever the consequences.”
“It’s so romantic to give even your life for something you love,” cooed Celia. 
“Sister dear,” said David cynically. “There was no mention of love in Alor‘s words. 
She sat back in her chair and pouted at him. “And you brother dear have as much romance in you as a bucket of pigswill.”
Alexi had no idea what pigswill was, but the face that David pulled back at his sister told him it was meant as something of an insult.
“Ah but alas, your sister was right,” sighed Alor “Rejection cuts crueler to a man’s heart than any Alliance pistol. There was a woman…” He hesitated, either in reluctance, or to increase the suspense, it was impossible for Alexi to know.  Alor shrugged, and seemed to change his mind. “…Unrequited love will drive desperate men to desperate acts….”
Alexi felt nauseated; he wanted to shout, ‘the only act is you’. He glanced quickly at Rhea, expecting her to show agreement, but there was none. He couldn’t believe it, her eyes showed nothing but interest.
“…So when I was asked to volunteer, and to cross time on a mission with as good as zero chance of return. I knew then that the maker was saying, ‘Alor in this world your heart has stopped beating, but in another life there may be one who can start it once more…”
Help came to Alexi from where he least expected it.
“So it was wasted journey then?” Said David without any apparent emotion.
Celia screwed up her eyes and for a moment Alexi thought the silence would be broken by his scream as she plunged a table knife into her brother’s chest, but after a moments silence Alor smiled and began to laugh. Paul, Alexi and even David did the same. 
The comment seemed to break the frostiness, and as the first course arrived almost at the same time they all began to eat and react to each other with less tension.  
The conversation was light right though until the plates were taken away. Waiting for the second course with no food to occupy hand, eye, and mouth Paul spoke.
“So Alexi when do you expect you’re fleet to arrive?”
Alexi was glad he was not eating as if he had he would have lost it at the shock of how the man casually mentioned it. “Fleet… Sorry?”
“You're fleet. The Alliance force that’s on its way?”
“I thought talk of hostilities was off the menu?”
Paul seemed concerned. “Hostilities?”
“Military matters then?”
“Related to your time it most certainly is, but related to our time, it is of the utmost importance. So when will it be?”
“Well actually I haven’t a clue.”
Alor butted in “Oh come on Alexi, don’t be evasive. They are one week behind seven group are they not?”
“That could be?”
“Seven group will be here first as I told you Paul,” he smirked. “Alexi’s efforts have been no great secret to the Corporation, neither that of his battle fleet. A day, a week it doesn’t matter, we will have already created the shield to protect the arcs.”
“Protect them?” Stammered Alexi.
“Yes,” said Paul in agreement. “Alor brought a promise from the Corporation president… That is your time Corporation president. That the number seven invasion group will lay off some light years ahead of us and offer a shield defense against any hostile forces.”
“Hostile. I assume you are referring to the Alliance forces?”
Paul seemed slightly embarrassed.  “Alexi don’t take it personally, but whether in the future or not, the company is still the company.”
“Then maybe you should reconsider? For I assure you the one you have to fear is the Corporation fleet?”
Paul smiled. “Alor said you would dispute his view.”
“He would wouldn’t he? He doesn’t want you to know the truth.” Alexi almost snapped. 
Paul seemed utterly calm. “And you do?”
“Yes.” 
“Let me just get this straight?” Paul said, “You are a peaceful people?”
Alexi felt he was being set up, but he nodded agreement.
“…But you were quite prepared to violate our security zone, and then arbitrarily destroy Alor’s ship in what I have to say was a totally unprovoked act. That done you force entry onto the arc and commit robbery.”
Alexi went to speak but Paul silenced him with his hand. 
“Trivial as it was, theft is theft, and to compound that you fraudulently obtained food, services and accommodation at our expense.”
“It’s not as it seems. Our intention never was to board an ark....” Alexi wondered of it was wise to explain the reason why they had but decided it was best to keep the data loss to himself for the moment. “Our intention was to avoid the arcs.”
“But you didn’t?” Challenged Paul.
“After we realized a Corporation ship had been here we had to try and keep the arcs from being affected by any time loops.”
“The grandfather paradox?”
“Yes,” said Alexi his words trailing away as he became less convinced he was winning the argument.  
Celia giggled.” Oh please don’t, it would be such bad manners for you all to go poof and pop out of existence before we have finished coffee….”
As the girl tried to make light of the time travel consequences, Rhea spoke. “I have to support Alexi, Paul, and before you point it out. Yes I know I am from his vessel, but he is being truthful when he said contact with you was not his intention. His orders were to return to Earth to see what was left of the planet.”
“What was left?” said Paul curiously.
Her voice became hesitant. “After it was wiped clean of life.”
“Wiped clean? Is that what you think happened?” He turned to Alor  “And the Corporation, do they believe that’s what happened as well?”
“I am afraid so. Our folk law tells us that Earth was destroyed by war and climate.”
“I never realized.” Paul said slowly. “Don’t you have a recorded history of what happened?”
“None.” Said Alor.
“I can’t understand. We have records going back thousands of years, and always leave duplicates with the new colonies, so they can claim their birthright.” He shook his head. “It was never our intention to ‘escape’ from Earth in the way you suggest. Yes there was pollution, overcrowding, a running down of resources, but I suspect that even now the Earth still carries a content and stable population.” He poured another drink as if to lubricate his throat in preparation. “The move to build and launch the arcs was purely a business decision… But you wouldn’t… Then I will tell you about Jacobia Carroll, my ancestor, and the man who created the company. There was, and I assume still is on Earth a country called Mozambique. It was a poor country, part of what was then crudely termed the third world. Jacobia was amongst the poorest of the poor living literally in a one-roomed house of mud and sticks. He was nothing, and he had nothing….”
Alexi saw that Celia and David were both paying attention, though he guessed they had heard what was to follow incalculable times. For a moment he thought regretfully of those lessons of his own childhood when he had disregarded the legends of his own race.
“…Though Jacobia was not the kind of man to accept that. But a will, a need; a desperation to break free is not always enough. Mankind…” Paul looked at Rhea. “And of course womankind, need that first step, a chance. Jacobia’s came when he came across a tourist lost in the desert. His vehicle had broken down. It was desperately hot and as the uninitiated often do in that situation, he had failed to bring an emergency supply of drinking water. It happened that Jacobia knew close by; at the foot of an escarpment, there was a cavern. Deep inside ran an underground river. He took the man into the cave, and filled his water bottles full of water, teeth chillingly cold. 
The tourist said it tasted like nectar and gave him five dollars. A dollar was a currency of the time; anyway for an uneducated man, that day Jacobia learned several things that he never forgot. The most basic commodities are the most valuable; that people without skills will pay those who have them, and that to control the market you have to be the one who knows how to access it. Jacobia didn’t fritter away his five dollars; instead he bought his own containers. Within six months he purchased the ‘worthless’ land from the government. A year after that he had his own game park. Then came the hotels, the tour companies: the airline. In just five years he ran the biggest private company in the country. In fifteen the whole of Africa. By the time he died seventy years later the company was one of the three major companies on the planet. His granddaughter saw it become the largest, and in turn her son saw it become the driver of the whole of Earths economy, and tax cow until head office moved to the moon… Earths satellite.”  Paul stopped looked at them all in expectation. “But then what? What do you do if there is nowhere else to grow to, nothing more to achieve? ……. You return to your roots. You create your own worlds, the arcs. A tourist venture so immense, and so visionary that only an organization like the Company could conceive it. Space jungle. A gigantic theme park, where every tourists dreams become a reality. Whatever you wanted, whenever you wanted it; but without the dust, the flies and insects, and I may add in honor to Jacobia’s mantras, one that no government or organization could interfere with. Wonderland followed, then Marine World.”
He paused, nodding towards a maid; she in turn nodded towards the door, from where appeared others with their food. As they were being served Paul began speaking again.
“By the time the fourth generation had taken the presidents chair, popular discontent about the way the company controlled almost every facet of life had become intolerable, particularly ungrateful considering that war had been prevented for a hundred years, solely because any division of the company refused to use company products or resources against another division.
But there it was, after generations of growth the company faced being broken up. In some ways it could be said that, that itself was part of the growth, for by then even space had become too small. There was only one place to go; the company went Interstellar. Shares were sold in a new division that built privately owned arcs for passage on the colonization of the galaxy. So you see, that this was the reason we began the voyage, business, not to escape a dying planet.”
Alexi found the whole concept hard to swallow, though he seemed alone as everyone else was rapt in Paul’s silkily tongued words.
“When they came across a suitable planet, any who wished, would be settled on the surface. The company provided the infrastructure. They built cities, everything that was needed even to the point of Terraforming. Then when the colony was firmly established, they continued on again.”
Paul didn’t seem concerned at the uneaten meal before him. Instead he watched the others eat while he talked. “It was in the ownership of my great, great, great,” he took an exaggerated breath. “Grandfather that problems began. The problems that drove the company from Earth had not been left behind and elements of the Federation began to gather strength in the publicly owned arcs. Claims were made that positions of power in the colonies were always given to those within the company ranks. Now you can argue the rights and wrongs, but if a business provides the premises, then it has the expectation to be the landlord. ‘Not so’ was the Federations reply, and they began forming their own colonies in opposition under the catch cry ‘The Federation of Free Colonies’. It was and still is a bad state of affairs, and at times has become downright acrimonious.”
Alor swallowed quickly. “There’s no common ground for mediation?”
“Oh we have talked; incessantly we talk. There are proposals on the table, but participation of the federation is conditional on the Company being liquidated... broken up. No director will agree to that as a first move.”
Alexi felt he had to speak. “But the arrival of my own Alliance would create a third, and independent party that could nurture and encourage dialogue.”
“Is that how you see it? Ask Alor his point of view and he will say that they would see your fleet as an ally and that its arrival would become the catalyst to throw us into a full-scale civil war….”
Alexi wanted to say it was Corporation propaganda, and would not happen but he knew his words would be futile. 
“…That is what I fear Alexi. War. Something that has not plagued my people for centuries but now stares me in the eye.”
“I can meet our people before they arrive and ask them to return back to Terran.”
“And they would just turn around leave?” He looked patronizingly at Alexi. “Leave what they would see as the spoils to the Corporations fleet? I do not know your people commander, but I doubt that would happen.”
Alexi doubted it too; he hesitated to say what he needed to. “But if you allow the Corporation fleet alone to arrive, then that will strengthen your hand against your rebels?”
“You make it sound as if we want to annihilate the opposition?”
“I was pointing out how they would perceive it, but you cannot deny it would solve your problems.”
“But I will deny it.”
“Of course you would, but hear me out. You say you only have control over part of the arcs so it would be impossible to take and occupy the rest quickly and bloodlessly, unless something like the Corporations fleet was to arrive and show overwhelming force.”
“Your reasoning is fair in the limit of your knowledge, but let me fill you in on a couple of rather important points. Excluding the seven now under control of the Federation the Company owns sixteen of the remaining arcs. We have substantial interests in the others, but no absolute control over any. At the very basic to ensure our own mutual survival here in the void in all cases we have business, trading, technological and aid treaties. By your thinking, assume then that we made a hostile action. The first result would be to run the risk that the non-aligned arcs would be forced into the Federation camp. Even with outside assistance, the consequence could well be a bloodbath that would lay waste to the core reason why the company exists, to trade.”  Paul stood and walked slowly around the table keeping his eyes on Alexi. “I won’t lie to you Alexi, in the boardroom all options are up for consideration, so we have dissected ideas similar to yours many times, and each time, war and profit are mutually exclusive, well once the arms buildup is completed. To trade we need a market, a market that is alive and able to buy.”
“But the times before your graphs and charts would not have factored in a friendly force to threaten the independent arcs.”
Paul stopped with his back to Alexi; he looked up at a painting of a misty countryside. “You are making these assumptions based on the fact that we have no fighting capability?” He turned raising his eyebrows in a questioningly manner.”
Alexi shrugged his shoulders.
“Well we are not as helpless as you may imagine. It would be naive in the extreme to envisage taking our convoy through unknown and uncharted space without some defenses, and indeed we have not. Each arc has its own military capability, but obviously due to their sheer size they are particularly vulnerable to swifter craft. 
Several arcs within the company, and I will not tell you how many for our own security reasons, can put an armada of, shall we say for a round number, one thousand fighters into our defense within five minutes. In fifteen, triple that number and that is not counting the Federation, who I suspect could at least equal that figure. So with what casualties, and if I am brutally frank, what market opportunities would we be left with after such a conflict, no matter how brief?” His tone suddenly changed, becoming dismissive. “I have taken up enough of your time, you can now return to your crew, but not yet to your ship. Not until our technicians have completed copying your data banks, and decommissioning your armaments. Your craft, as was Alor’s, will be fitted with a restraint that will allow unrestricted flight within the zones we approve. I make no excuse that the zones are to keep you within range of our weapons. Move out of these zones, contact your own battle fleet or try to run back into space and it will trigger an overwhelming attack. Within that provision you will have unrestricted access to your spacecraft.”  He took the emphasis away from Alexi and spoke also to Alor and Rhea.  “It will be obvious to you all that until such time that you are given permission to leave we will need to know where any of you are at any time, as you already know we can rely on the populace reporting your actions, but as a longer term solution this is not only time consuming, but wasteful on resources so you will all be required to wear tracers.  Paul turned his attention specifically to Rhea, suddenly changing back to their original charming host. “Howard tells me you ski?”
“Yes.”
“Good. Then I would be honored if you would accompany my family and me in the downhill torch carnival.”
Rhea ignored Alexi as she answered, “I think I would enjoy that.”
Paul smiled as he turned back to Alexi
“We will not rush you commander, but every person traveling with the arcs has a function to play. I hope that in time you will earn your keep by utilizing your skills for the company, but Christmas Eve is a time of celebration, so you may go now. Forget your spacecraft, your planet and the fleets, begin your absorption into the Company by joining the celebrations.”
Assimilation
Alexi wanted to talk to Rhea, but before he could, Paul took her arm, and began to explain the history of the paintings. He stood uncomfortably waiting his chance as David came to his side. 
“It is time to go.”
Alexi glanced at the woman one last time; deliberately or not she ignored him.
“Mr. Davanoff?” said David impatiently.
“Yes. Yes, I’m coming.” Alexi followed Alor’s lead back out towards the parking area.
“Do I get to know where I’m going?” he muttered
“Yes Alexi,” answered Alor pleasantly. “We have rooms waiting for us in the city.”
“Rooms?” said Alexi sarcastically.
“Yes really. Normal rooms.” The Corporation officer smiled.

They re-boarded the vehicle they had arrived in, Alor intentionally sitting next to him, and David opposite.
 So Alexi,” Alor said brightly. “What do you think of our new, if I can use the term in our present context; company president?”
“You’re company president,” emphasized Alexi. “Apparently here I am still part of the enemy “
“No so Alexi,” said David. “As my father said, we make no judgments on a person’s beliefs, as long as they fulfill their obligations to the company.”
“And I will?”
“Of course,” he reached for a small package waiting on the seat beside him. “You have been offered the festive season to relax, and get to know our people and our culture.” He said before he handed it to Alexi. “When it’s over you’ll begin your assimilation as a ferry captain.”
“Ferry? You mean passenger transports?”
Alor interrupted a mischievous smile on his face. “Come now Alexi. Do I sense a hint of pretentiousness?”
David spoke again. “If you wish I can arrange for a goods transport instead.”
“No. No,” said Alor on Alexi's behalf. “He only needs time to consider such a new and challenging career, as I also did. Alexi and I will add a new dimension to the idea of population transport,” he grinned widely. “Is that not correct Alexi?”
Alexi almost gritted his teeth. “I am a pilot. If I have to, I will fly as I am instructed.” He said compliantly.
“Good then it is settled,” said David, apparently content with the reluctant answer.
They drove on down the mountain. Alexi glanced back several times wondering about Rhea. He realized he was fingering the package nervously.  
“You can open it anytime you wish,” said David watching him.
Alexi opened the top and saw it contained what at first glance appeared to be a pistol. He looked up mystified at David.
“It is not for you to kill yourself with.” He said to the unasked question.
Alexi looked at Alor. The man returned his gaze and with slight amusement pulled up his trouser cuff exposing a tiny metal plate that seemed to be part of his flesh.
Alexi looked back at David.
“If we meant you harm we would have already done it. As you were told this is your tracer. Without it you will not be able to obtain food, services or access.”
“I thought there was a ring?”
“For arc residents.”
“Or for people you want to track?”
“Especially those.”
“Then the tokens?”
“All citizens are centrally banked but some wish to visibly indicate their generosity. In such situations the tokens are promissory gestures.”
“So the guy in the red suit expected us to put some in instead of taking them out?”
“His reader recorded that you had no banking facilities, but mostly it’s considered a moral crime to steal from the children.”
“We didn’t... Understand.” Protested Alexi.
“Even so ignorance of the law does not negate the crime.”
Alexi shrugged. “They accepted them on the ski field?”
“Yes and no; they had been alerted. The bartender felt pity for you looking so cold, or so he assumed. He put your purchases on his cheque. Of course he didn’t pity you that much that he forgot to confer with security. Now please…”
Alexi held the nozzle against his ankle and pressed the button. There was a sudden sharp sting. “Ouch,” he blurted out, as much in surprise as pain.
“Opp’s,” David smiled. “I should have warned you. The electrodes penetrate into the muscle to utilize the body’s own electrical impulses. There is brief pain.”

Alexi was beginning to recognize features as once more they drove into the city and underground. They stopped at a large, busy reception foyer, and took a vator up several floors. 

As Alor has said the room was exactly that, and as soon as he had been shown the adequate facilities he was left alone.
Alexi was pleasantly surprised to find new clothes, and refreshment, though he was still full from the lunch. 
A video screen in the corner came on as he approached and flashed ‘messages for Alexi Davanoff.’ 
He brushed the access logo. Celia’s face appeared.
“Hi Alexi, Sorry I didn’t say bye… I’m going with daddy on a boring old business trip.” She pouted sulkily. “I’ll catch up with you when we get back.”
The screen went back to the index. ‘Repeat or next message’. He hit next.
“Philips face appeared. The mood was far less flighty. “Welcome to Wonderland Alexi,” he said sarcastically. “Apparently we are all booked together for dinner at seven. I expect this thing is monitored so till then…”
The index enquired ‘repeat either message?’ There had been something about the woman, and for a moment he considered running her image again, but he decided not. He would try out something he hadn’t experienced in a long while, a whole bath full of hot h2o. 

Alexi passed the time in front of the video screen till after the light outside faded. There were more entertainment options than he could count, but eventually he settled on documentaries. His brain had all but switched off when a notice appeared across the bottom of the screen. 
‘Mr. Davanoff. Mr. Grange left a message requesting your company in fifteen minutes time. Do you wish to confirm or cancel?’
Alexi stood and hit the confirm logo.

Alexi had expected a guard outside his room but there was none and he moved freely to and up the vator, getting off at the dining room level. It was a large and open area full of small tables and chairs. There were a number of people already there; suddenly he heard his name.
It took a moment to recognize the pretty young girl with red tinged hair. The bright flowery dress threw him, as the last time he had seen her she was wearing a dark blue uniform. Claries called again, waving to him to come over to a group against the window.
Several tables had been pulled together to seat all of those off the Warrior, with the unexplained exception of Ferguson, and Rhea.
The greetings were warm, friendly and relieved, and after a hurried history of their experiences they relaxed to easy chatter.
“I hear your flying with the enemy.” Said Philip.
Alexi looked at him puzzled. 
“The Corporation lieutenant?”
“It seems we’re both assigned to the same depot.”
There was a slight silence before Kat spoke. “Who is the Corporation lieutenant?”
Philip made a derogatory remark about Corporation aircrew to which Alexi felt strangely offended. 
“Actually I have met him. He complimented you Kat on your gun work.”
“Oh.” She said surprised, though more interested in picking another handful of seedless green grapes from the fruit bowl in the middle of the table.
As they continued to talk Alexi discovered each had been assigned to work similar to what they had done on the Warrior, and with the exception of Stone and Grunt, were to be spread throughout the arcs. Both the engineers were at work in adjacent assembly shops servicing and building spacecraft, including fighters. 
Not aware of the impending arrival of the fleets, they put no real significance on their work, but as Alexi gleaned more from Kat and Kale, it began to look in his mind that a massive rearmament was underway. Even Philip was involved at a low level in strategy meetings where they were to fight and analyze ‘hypothetical’ conflicts.
Alexi needed to know more but it was only him who was interested as Grunt called loudly from across the table. “We’re going on to a nightclub after the meal, are you game?”
He didn’t know if he was ‘game’, he didn’t know what the word meant any more than he knew what a nightclub was. But he wanted to stay with them; it already seemed that in the few hours they had been on the arc, that the hopelessness of their situation was already breaking them apart. 
“I guess so,” he said unsurely.
“You must.” Insisted Claries. “Who knows how often we will get chance to all get together again?”
He wanted to say they were a crew; that they must stay in contact; but he knew that the company had thought of it all. The chain of command had already been broken; all that remained was to scatter the pieces. The reality was that they were absolute prisoners, in an open cage. 
Nobody else seemed to feel the same; they reminisced and speculated about returning to Terran, but at the same time talked with excitement about their new postings, and their new lives. 
He was barely conscious of the conversation when he felt a hand on his shoulder. “Alexi,” said the voice.
Conversation around the table stopped, as he turned in his chair.
Alor stood behind him with four others, two male and two female. 
“Well how is the food? Good eh?”
“Yes,” said Alexi slightly surprised.
“Would the appointments be as agreeable as a prisoner of war with your Alliance?”
“I think that would be very unlikely Alor.”
Alexi saw the others looking inquisitively. He stood and indicated those seated about him. “My crew.” Alor nodded to each as Alexi individually introduced them.  Finally Alexi said what none had dared ask, “…Alor is the captain of the Corporation ship we…. destroyed.”
There was a stunned hush as the enemy lieutenant introduced the members of his own team.
In return there was a polite acknowledgment, but mainly there was a stony silence.
“Well it may be we will meet again,” Alor said urging the others to move off.
Alexi could see the mood that the meeting had produced. For some reason he felt annoyed at them, at how they had reacted so coolly to Alor. ‘Was it them’, he wondered, ‘or is it me?’  “Well who is going to show me this nightclub?” he said, passing the moment and idea out of his mind. 

Hours later they came out of the bar; somewhere along the line they had lost Kat and Kale. They were probably still in a conversation they had had struck up with engineers of the opposite sex from the arc, no one was concerned. 
Grunt was insisting that they go to the inappropriately named ‘Club Icicle’. Alexi wasn’t so sure. Whatever was in the margarita he had dared sample, it had been as lethal as engine fuel, in fact he was sure his eyes were on fire as all over the sky were tiny lights weaving back and forth. It was only a passer-by’s comment that brought sense to his brain.
The downhill torch carnival, he remembered. He stopped in the middle of the street and gazed up at the mountainside. There were thousands of them. It looked the most beautiful thing he had ever seen, and he knew one of them was Rhea.
“Come on Alexi,” said a more lightened up Philip than he had ever seen. “It’s Christmas Eve. Time to party.” He said, as if he had celebrated the event all his life.  

Alexi released the docking clamps; watching as all the indicators went green. He reached to activate the port reverse thrusters so that the ferry could drop back away from the air lock. 
In the two weeks of piloting the ferry it had become an almost robotical task, and one he had unexpectedly become comfortable with.
Alor’s words had proved right and tedious, as the job had threatened to be, he had quickly come to take pleasure in the regular meetings with the ordinary people on the arcs. 
There was of course the full gamut of personalities and temperaments, but to his amazement there was not the feeling of oppression he had always believed the Corporation’s population was subjected to. Though a big question mark hung over the fact that this was the Company and not the Corporation of the future that he knew, or thought he knew. Suddenly a slight vibration alerted his mind. He glanced quickly down and saw that the left clamp had re-locked. Simultaneously the right engine went to power. The entire ship shuddered violently. There was a massive jolt that threw him and many of the passengers from their seats. The tortured screech of tearing metals hurt his ears, as screaming began in the cabin behind. 
Through the view screen he could see the airlock was tearing off the front of the ferry as the spacecraft twisted away and under the docking area. 
Alexi was struggling to reach the controls, dragging himself back towards the seat when with a loud bang the ferry broke free of the clamp, and still under power began a short rapid decent toward the edge of the arc. 
Alexi hit the emergency control cutting the engine, but barely before the tiny craft crashed heavily against the face of the arc. Immediately the lighting failed; replaced a second later by a pale red emergency glow. 
They seemed to be hard up against the face of the arc, and were slowly revolving, but at least the frightening metallic sounds had stopped. But now the cockpit was filled with the sounds of terror from the cabin. Someone was calling him urgently on the ships communicator, but worst of all was the high-pitched hiss of air, escaping into space.
Alexi’s mind fought off his own panic to recall that a magnetic force field could be created close to the arc to immediately capture a craft in distress, then hold or pull it to safety until help arrived. 
In rapid succession he hit several controls trying to stabilize the ships roll and life support, knowing without checking that it was almost certain that the main airlock was unusable and venting air. One thing that he didn’t need training to tell him was that they needed help soon, and by the sound of the leak the entire ships supply of air would be vented before it arrived.
His frayed nerves jumped again as he felt another gentler bump. Then he realized it was at the rear of the ferry, away from the arcs plating, around the area of the emergency escape hatch. 
There was a very clear and supremely calm voice filling the cockpit. “B-13-AZ, Clear your emergency exit. Confirm?”
Alexi craned his head backwards to see the circular panel in the roof above the baggage rack. He saw people beginning to gasp for breath. 
His finger brushed the communicator. “Clear,” he called.
“B-13-AZ. clear confirmed. Prime for blowing your hatch… confirm.”
He flicked up a small cover and clicked over the switch. “Emergency hatch primed,” he said before he pressed another red switch next to it. “Blown.”
But instead of the explosion he expected there was only the continuing sounds of panic in the cabin. “Malfunction,” he said as calmly as he could.
“B-13-AZ. Clear zone… I am blowing your hatch externally.”
“We need air; do it.”
A moment later there was a dull explosion, dust and loose articles flew into suspension as the hatch sprung back violently on its hinge. There was an abrupt rush of air as the cabin of re-filled with breathable air.
“B-13-AZ. Evacuate now.”
The words were unnecessary as already men were feeding children and women up through the hole to eagerly waiting hands above. 
Alexi was truly thankful that his load had been light, eighty-three out of a possible three hundred. 
To empty his ferry, even against the initial strong inflow of air took less than two minutes, even that was too long as, as Alexi was finally pulled through and up into the rescue craft, his lungs felt as if they were collapsing. The hatch was sealed and their rescuer broke free. 
Only then could Alexi look around as see that they had been rescued by another ferry, itself almost fully loaded. Now with his passengers, it was greatly overloaded, and a scene of only semi controlled chaos
The initial panic had eased, but the feeling of anxiety around him was high, as Alexi felt the ferry get underway. Now he looked at the distraught passengers to see if any had sustained serious injuries. 
Amazingly there were very few, but there were innumerable minor bruising and abrasions. As relief dawned on him he suddenly felt a pain in his shoulder and a wave of nausea swept through his senses. A passenger from the rescue ferry was urging him to sit down and muttering something about his collarbone. Once Alexi realized his shoulder hurt, it began throbbing painfully. 
He began to drift in and out of reality and was only partially aware there were people with respirators in brilliant yellow tunics moving around the crowded cabin. 
He tried to think what he had been told? The rescue vessel should meet up with a paramedic shuttle somewhere? They would dock with that and injured would be sent on to where they could best be treated. It was too hard to think with the pain, until he heard a familiar concerned voice.
“Ah Alexi. When I said we shall meet again I did not imagine in such circumstances.” It was Alor.

Alexi’s injuries were not serious, and needed only bone welding by external restorative laser, though he was relieved of duties for a week to recover; and while an investigation was carried out into the cause of the accident. After two days he sought out Alor. 
He was on a run coded 36/14/18, simply because they were the arcs that it served. He boarded the ferry, and made his was to what was termed the dickey seat; provided for staff movement, next to the pilot. Felling a little embarrassed he smiled at Alor. “I came to say thanks.”
“You are welcome Alexi.” Alor paused as if thinking. “After all you would have done the same for me?” He glanced at Alexi a mischievous look in his eye. “Wouldn’t you?”
Alexi shook his head in amusement and smiled. He couldn’t understand how he had begun to like the man. He was his mortal enemy. A few weeks ago he would; in fact he had, tried to shoot him out of existence. The thought struck him of how that would have been such a terrible waste, and even worse, that he would have never have known what a mistake it had been. 
Alexi’s mind was in conflict. He had never thought of Corporation soldiers as people, let alone as men, or women. They were the enemy; it was not encouraged to think of them like he and his crew. “My recollection is that the last time we were in the same piece of space, my thoughts were far from that.”
“Ah Yes,” sighed Alor. “The Pollapy.”
“Pollapy?”
“My ship. I named her after my woman. Still it is best no. But both have gone forever.” Alor saw Alexi’s hesitation to ask. “No,” he said with a resigned sigh. “She found another more exciting than I.”
“It seems to me that Pollapy made a bad decision. You are a good man Alor; she should not have let you go.”
“Yes I told her that.” He replied without a trace of humility, before breaking into a big grin.

They had left eighteen to return to thirty-six when Alor brought up the accident. “I heard a rumor?” He said hesitantly 
Alexi didn’t look at him. “It’s more than a rumor.”
“The auditors have told you?”
“About an hour ago.”
“I’m sorry Alexi.”
“Yea.” Alexi grunted resentfully.” Now don’t you tell anyone this, but actually I was getting used to the ferries. I’d even started to make a few friends with the passengers.”
Alor nodded understandingly.
“Maybe cargo tug pilot won’t be too bad?”
“I didn’t……… You know?” Said Alexi suddenly.
“Reactivate the clamp?”
“Yes…. The airlock was clear, empty and voided. It was a go’er.”
“For what it is worth Alexi I believe you. But now it is past, forget it.”
“That’s not easy. I have my pride.”
“Yes pride, it is an enemy Alexi, and enemy we can never defeat. We fear that people will say all we are fit for is a cargo ferry, but those who do know you; those who are important to you, they will know the truth.” He looked at Alexi for once seriously. “I am a very good pilot Alexi. Quite possibly one of the best, and I consider you my equal,” then the roguish look returned. “Well almost my equal.”

At the end of his forced step down Alexi reported for duty to the cargo transport section. The work was no different to the ferries, other than there was no two-way verbal communication with the cargo.
It was both a good and bad thing. It gave Alexi hours alone to ponder on what was going on in his life, and not everything pleased him. 
It was barely three weeks after his accident that Alexi was called before his supervisor. Several small containers consigned on his vessel were not on board when he arrived at the delivery point.
Despite his protestations the supervisor reduced his security clearance to level six, restricting him to carrying none essential, none hazardous materials to recycling areas. In effect, he delivered the garbage.

Annoyed as he was Alexi had no option but to accept the demotion; he was still sulky over the matter when four days later fire broke out in the load he was carrying. He jettisoned the cargo to save the shuttle, and although the cargo was literally waste; the term in a closed environment like the arcs did not exist. Several hundred tons of material was scattered into space and irretrievably lost. So began another forced holiday

Alexi was in the hotel room pending another inquiry when David came to see him
“My father is not pleased.” He stated frankly.
“I shouldn’t imagine he is,” answered Alexi defensively.
“He understood you and he had an agreement.”
“I didn’t see it as an agreement.”
“You are not a stupid man Alexi, you will understand his position; his decisions are for the good of the company “
“I do.”
“Then you will also see that your petty attempts at sabotage are at their worst a trivial annoyance and utterly futile.”
Alexi had to force himself from snapping back. “Are you going to add that I’m also a liar as well as being a saboteur?”
“Should I?”
“I told the supervisor, I told the auditors, and I’ll tell you. I did not endanger lives, I don’t steal, and I didn’t set fire to the cargo.”
“I have read the reports; then give me an alternative?”
“I have none.” He said in frustration.
David said nothing, but his look said a lot. 
“It doesn’t particularly worry me that you think I’m a liar. I actually expect you to think I’ll do some act of sabotage, but you know what does bother me… that you’d think I was stupid enough to deliberately draw attention to myself.”
“Actually I don’t think you’re stupid. Far from it. It could quite well be that you are double bluffing, and that by making yourself the suspect you put suspicion elsewhere. Maybe you are much cleverer than you appear, and there are other things, in other places that we have yet to find out about.”
Alexi shook his head. “As in your people’s words, I’m dammed if I do, and dammed if I don’t.”
“Then give me a reason; give me another suspect.”
“I can’t, I haven’t been here long enough to make enemies; at least not that I know of.”
“Sometimes we do not need to make enemies. Your very presence is a threat to some people. We understand that, otherwise you would have been locked up before now.”
“Is that what you plan?”
“Ultimately.”
“But not now?”
“I keep all options open.”
Alexi slumped back onto his cot. “Then just get on with it.”
“With what?”
“Re assignment. Whatever, tell me where I am going now?”
“You will not be moved from your work, at least not at the moment, but I have to warn you that one option is your continued access to the Warrior.”
Alexi tried not to let the disappointment show in his voice. “I would have live on one of the arcs?”
“Your crew has, and you would too.”
The thought was more disturbing than Alexi had thought. The Warrior was like a caged animal, it could do nothing; but it still was his ship, and his last connection with Terran. Someday maybe even their escape. “You would do that?”
“It is a privilege that we thought would encourage you to co-operate, but the safety of the arcs is paramount, so there is nothing that is not on the table.”
Alexi looked at the man. David’s eyes were cold and he did not doubt his words. He spoke slowly and honestly. “I swear I have neither stolen, nor deliberately done anything that could compromise me, my crew, or any person on the arcs.”
“Commander I should like to believe you for my father’s sake, but we must face facts and the evidence shows otherwise. I must advise you that any further acts are pointless, and that we are activating the audio link on your tracer.”
“You’re doing what?”
“Any conversation you have, or for that matter any sounds reaching your ears will also reach a detection team.”
Alexi was furious. He had been pleasantly surprised at how leniently as ‘prisoners’ on the arcs they had been treated, but this was an intolerable invasion of his privacy. 
“It seems all this ‘we are your friends‘, act you have tried to feed us, are no better than my cargo’s garbage.”
“I can understand your feelings, but the imposition is necessary to ensure you do not contact any dissidents.”
“I haven’t.”
“We have only your word for that.”
“Of course, I’m a liar aren’t I?”
“Then explain to me why data useful only to someone probing the arcs security arrangements would disappear from your care?”
“I said before those packages never came aboard my ship.”
“Yes… well commander I have delivered the warning as I had to. I will go.”
David went to leave the room, but Alexi called after him. “How long have I got?”
“Got?”
“Before you listen in on my every movement?”
“Oh. We’re doing that already.”
Alexi thought of a number of replies but he kept his mouth shut.  


The fact that he was now a walking microphone made him even more of a recluse. He avoided the crew and for that matter most people, conscious that everything anyone said around him would now be scrutinized. There could be no casual banter, let alone serious chats.
He had never realized how lonely a person could be, and how precious idle talk was before it became public property. So as silence had become part of his life he found solace in a place where silence was expected, spending most of his off duty time reading in the old-fashioned library. 
He termed it old-fashioned as although all information on the arc was available on the vid, the written word had awoken an unknown pleasure for him. Sitting alone in the musty old building, reading the black text printed onto paper, he identified with the loneliness of an author; one person writing to one person reading. There was something very personal between the writer and the reader.
Few other people used the facility so he was a little surprised when someone sat in the seat next to him. He looked up almost offended. It was Celia.
He quickly sat up from the slumped position he had adopted, and was about to say hello, but she put her finger to her lips, bent down and lifted his trouser cuff. She twisted her face up to him, smiled then reached down with her hand until her ring and the tracer were touching. 
Alexi felt a sharp electric shock surge up his leg.
Celia quickly sat upright again, sucking her finger. “Opp’s,” she said with a grin.”
‘What did you do?’ His words were mouthed rather than spoken.
“You can speak normally. It’s deactivated.”
“No one can overhear us?”
“Well that depends on how loud you talk.” She smiled with cute smile. “Do you like books? Daddy likes books;” she seemed restrained having to quieten her chirpy voice in the silence.
“I didn’t realize I did.” He said closing the volume he was reading.
“What are you reading?” she said reaching over and turning the book so that she could see the front cover. “Daddy says he feels he can touch the author’s hand through the words. I told him that’s silly the writer would never have touched the page; it was all done in a machine, wasn’t it?”
“Yes it is silly,” he said, while agreeing with her father.
“Well how have you been keeping?”
“You mean you don’t know?”
“Of course I do,” she giggled sliding her chair closer and reaching her arm under and around his. “But I want you to tell me.”
“I’m fine.”
“Fine. Is that it?”
“Okay I’m very fine.”
“You know daddy is quite disappointed with you.”
“Yes.”
“I am too. I wanted us to be good friends, but if you insist on being naughty daddy will forbid me to see you.”
“You mean he hasn’t done already.”
“I don’t think it has crossed his mind.”
“I’m surprised its crossed yours.”
She looked at him disapprovingly. “Meaning?”
“I didn’t think you gave me a thought.”
The look eased. “Oh yes,” she said her chirpiness returning. “I’ve thought about you a lot.”
Now it was Alexi’s turn to not understand. “You have…why?”
She seemed to become coy. “You’re a peculiar man Alexi Davanoff.”
“Thanks,” he said in feigned hurt.
She grinned. “You know what I mean, a puzzle within a puzzle. You’re a man of many layers.”
“I’m not sure that’s a good thing.”
“Well that depends on the alternative.”
“And that is?”
“Well you could be a single level and completely boring.”
“I’m sure my life is little boring compared to yours? 
“You’d be surprised,” she smiled cutely. “Of course you could be just two levels.”
“That would be either good and bad? At least according to your brother.”
“Two faced, as in saying something you don’t mean. No, that’s not Alexi Davanoff.”
“Glad to hear that,” he smiled back.
“There are many more levels to Alexi Davanoff. Good, bad, rebellious, defiant, and everything between. So what’s the last level Alexi? Who is the man you are at the deepest level?”
He smiled not knowing how to answer. 
“So you see, you have to be good for daddy, or he will forbid me to see you and I will never know what secrets you keep in your soul.”
“Your argument is a lot more convincing than David’s.” he said unsure of what else to say. 
“I’m not here at his bidding to convince you of anything. I just don’t want daddy to tell me not to see you.”
“Would that stop you?”
“That depends on if you still want to see me.”
“You must know lots of people to talk to,” he said avoiding the implications in the question.
“Ohhh,” she sighed drawing it out. “You wouldn’t believe how many, but they’re all so single level, stuffy and boring.”
“Surely you have friends?”
“Yes,” she said with a tinge of melancholy. “Well I used to at school, but at college no one seems to stay in one place.”
“I thought that would be more a description of you?”
“I suppose so…”
In the brief silence that followed Alexi was suddenly afraid she would leave. “You’re at college?” he said trying to restart the conversation.
“Fourth year.”
“What are you studying?”
“Business… what else,” she grumbled.
“I thought that would interest you.”
She lifted her eyelids in mock dullness, “Boring.”
“It can’t be that bad.”
She stared at him blankly.
“The people you meet then?”
Her look didn’t change, but she exhaled deeply.
“What about Alor?”
“Alor?”
“I seem to remember you saying you wanted to have him.”
“Alexi,” she said primly. “That’s a bit personal isn’t it?”
“No… I’m sorry,” he said embarrassedly. “I meant you said once that you wanted your own poet. “It sounded a ridiculous explanation, but he saw from her expression that she was not really offended. 
“Daddy keeps inviting him over. I think he thinks the same thing.”
Alexi felt a strange feeling of both pleasure and disappointment at her words. “I’m not sure I’m qualified to say, but you could do worse.”
“Why aren’t you… qualified?”
“I mean I haven’t known him that long.”
“You haven’t known me for that long either.”
Alexi was feeling very uncomfortable. “No.”
“Would you like to?”
He knew he replied too quickly. “Yes.”
She nodded in satisfaction. “How well?”
Alexi felt himself swallow deeply. “How well?”
She looked at him coyly. “I’m told that most boys when they meet a girl; want to sleep with her.”
Alexi gulped at her forthright manner. “Do they?” he said.
“You don’t know?”
“Well it’s not the kind of thing I... I think of all the time.”
“Isn’t that in your mind?”
“No,” he stuttered.
“No.” She stared directly into his eyes as she frowned. “You mean you don’t like me?”
“I meant I wasn’t thinking of you in that way.” Alexi desperately wanted to change the conversation. 
She pouted. “Don’t you find me attractive?”
“Yes,” he answered too quickly.
“But not desirable?”
“I…I don’t think of you in an improper way.”
She smiled like a cat with a cornered mouse. “But you could think of me as desirable without it being improper.”
“I suppose so.”
“So do you think of me a lot?”
Alexi smiled nervously. She was making him more embarrassed than he had been in ages, but strangely he was enjoying it. “I find you intriguing.”
“Intriguing. Hmmm.” His reply made her think, “Is that a compliment or an observation?” She mused.
He grinned weekly, “I think it was meant as a compliment.”
“Good. I like compliments.”
“Yes I thought you would.”
“That isn’t a compliment is it?”
“I meant most people like to be told nice things about themselves.”
“And not that you don’t take me seriously?”
“No… I mean I take you seriously.”
“Then say you don’t think I’m frivolous?” She said pointedly at him.
“I don’t think….”He hesitated, she was looking at him disapprovingly, her head tilted to one side. “Okay. A little,” he smiled, spreading his hands in a submissive gesture. “I like it in you.”
“Like a little kitten?”
For all the appearance she deliberately gave, he knew she was toying with him, and he realized there was far more to the girl than she was prepared to reveal. “No. I don’t think Celia Carroll is as helpless as she would like everyone to believe.”
Then we have something in common Alexi Davanoff. We are both layered. You too hide behind a mask, and say little that shows you’re feelings deep down.”
“It’s not deliberate,” he said defensively. 
“Ahh…you see mine was a compliment. A man of mystery intrigues me. A man who doesn’t have the right answer on the tip of his tongue ready for my ears. I am surrounded by men who find no problem in saying what they think I expect; or what they think I need to hear. ‘Poor little rich girl’, do they say that in your land. Here we have another saying. ‘Too many males, so few men’.”
“I’m not sure I understand your distinction.”
“A man never loses his masculinity; to become a male he gives it away. Males trade it little by little in compromise, or sometimes throw it away in a single act. It is voluntary, and once a man becomes a male it requires immeasurable will to claw back. So Alexi are you a man, or are you merely a male?”
“The question is unfair. If I answer I am compromising.”
“Could be?” she giggled. “Maybe there is no answer a man can give, that will not make him a male. Come on,” she grabbed his hand. “You have only a few hours before they track you down.”

They raced out of the building, like children caught stealing apples from a neighbor’s tree, and ran down the street until they were in the business district.
“Where are we going?” he said as she dragged him along.
“Where do you want to go?”
“I don’t know I’m not used to freedom.”
“Then I shall decide. You will show me the Warrior.”

As they entered, the craft its systems came alive. 
“Ohhh… it’s so tiny,” murmured Celia. “Poor you, and all the others, all together…. and Rhea… It must have been very…. intimate.” She looked at him with upturned eyes. The look was at once childlike, and seductress.
He wasn’t sure of her meaning, and ignored it. “It was, but we never thought it would last past a few weeks.”
“And here you are, weeks have become months.”
“Yes, who would ever have guessed?”  
He felt strange, as if the woman was trying to manipulate his mind.
“What do you want to do?” she said suddenly.
“Do. I don’t know what….”
“If I could grant you a wish. What would it be?”
“I don’t know.” His own words surprised him; it would have been easy to answer a few weeks earlier.
“Well for starters were here aboard your spacecraft. Do you want to fly away?”
“I can’t.”
She raised her eyelids in a questioning way.
“…They have restricted where I can fly.”
Celia went to the navigation panel and placed the hand with her ring on the control surface. 
Alexi saw several lights flicker.
“I ask you again Alexi Davanoff.” She said softly. “What do you want to do?”
He looked at the active navigation panel and then at her. “Won’t you get in trouble?”
“Does that that bother you?”
“I don’t know.”
“Well at least you didn’t say no.,” She said sadly.
“In that case. No…. I don’t want to get you in trouble.”
She looked at him coyishly. “But maybe... that’s what I’m looking for?”
Alexi felt a lump in his throat. “Is that the excitement, good girls like bad boys?”
“Well… I suppose daddy thinks I’m a good girl?” She looked coyer than ever. “But are you a bad boy Alexi?”
“It seems being close to me is a good place to find trouble.”
She moved seductively across the deck towards him.
“How close do I need to be?” She said slowly as she reached up her right hand and brushed his cheek with her fingertips.
He felt a shiver of pleasure run through his body. His voice seemed to stick in his throat making his reply slightly croaked. “We shouldn’t be here.”
“No…where should we be? Your cabin?”
She drew her fingers over his mouth before he could speak. Alexi found himself forming his lips into a kiss as she did. His eyes glanced unintentionally towards the passage.
Celia entwined the fragile fingers of her left hand into his right. They felt so soft and cool as she wordlessly led him towards his quarters.

They lay naked, close together in the single cot. Celia rested her head on his shoulder. “You can run now,” she whispered as she ran her fingers though the hairs on his chest.
The sublime tingling coursing through his body made it hard to concentrate never mind speak. He almost gasped, “Run?”
“Fly your Warrior away.”
“You think I want to?”
“Freedom. It’s what you want isn’t it?”
“It was.”
“Was?”
“Freedom seemed much more important before I had it.”
She lifted her head and looked deep into his eyes, but said nothing
He stared back into hers. “What?” he murmured tenderly trying to guess her thoughts.
“Alexi, I’m serious. You can. Anytime you want you can race off back to your own time and leave all this behind.”
He reached up his hand to gently brush back her hair, where it had fallen across her face. “Maybe I’m getting used to being here?”
“No. I don’t think so. You’re not a company man.”
“And you don’t like company men?”
She smiled shyly. “I didn’t say I didn’t like them, I’ve just never met anyone who was quite so prepared to make their own rules as you are.”
“Ahh. The bad boy syndrome “
She gripped a small bunch of chest hair between her thumb and forefinger and pulled it out.
Alexi grunted in pain, but did his best to pretend that it had not bothered him.
“Maybe?” She grinned mischievously. “All daddies’ men are too scared of him to be bad boys.”
“I’m terrified of you,” he grunted, thinking of the smarting bald patch on his body.
“Oh… I suppose then I shall have to kiss it better?” She moved her head sideways across his waist while blowing gently through her pursed lips 
His body went rigid, and his skin electrified.
After a minute or two she lifted her head and moved back up his body to kiss his cheek with mounting passion. She leaned away a little. “You never answered. Are you afraid of daddy?”
He was finding words hard to speak. “I have a feeling I should be now.”
“Oh yes, you should,” she said slowly in a threatening tone. “He’s very, very protective of his little girl.” Celia rolled slightly until she lay over him again. She moved, wiggling her body, putting her hands on his shoulder as she rose into a squatting position.” Hmmm. Just as good the second time around,” she whimpered.


David was waiting in the hotel room when Alexi returned. “I don’t know how you did it, but don’t try it again,” he said coolly.
“What?” said Alexi innocently?
“The tracer has been deactivated.”
“Has it, I never realized it wasn’t working,” he said, adding cynically. “I must have brushed it up against something?”
“Accidents are your forte commander, but whatever it was, it was a pointless act as the collar will be replaced.”
It was clear Alexi’s excuse was not believed. 
“I don’t suppose you are going to tell me where you have been for the last seven hours?”
Alexi looked at him. “Just walking.”
“You told my father that your original intention was not to change anything for us aboard the arcs, yet constantly you are doing exactly the opposite.”
There was sharp knock on the door. Alexi crossed the room and opened it to Alor.
“Alexi…David. Am I interrupting something?”
“No,” said Alexi pointedly. “David is just leaving.”
The militiaman moved huffily past them, but couldn’t leave without a parting shot. “Be assured I’m going to keep a very close watch on you.”
Alexi went to shut the door but David reached back to hold it open 
“Remember this matter is only on hold.” He almost snarled. “We will talk again soon.”
Alexi shut the door, and turned with a feigned innocent expression.
“He did not seem too happy with you?” said Alor.
“I can’t imagine why.” Alexi’s tone of voice changed. “It’s good to see you.”
“You too, but my purpose is not a happy one.” He hesitated as if readying himself to say something distasteful. “Your problems Alexi. I have solved them.”
“Solved them?”
“Yes. Can I sit?”
Alexi followed him to chairs facing each other across a small round table.  “Do you want refreshment?”
“Yes have you one of those ciders?”
Alexi smiled remembering how the man had acquired a taste for the drink at Paul’s table. He opened two and handed one to Alor. 
The lieutenant took a long swallow, brushed the wetness from his mouth with the back of his hand, and found the courage to say what he had come to. “You will have no more accidents.”
Alexi listened eagerly.
“You will remember I mentioned that in our previous life you visited some of our planets?”
Alexi remembered well how the Warrior had on a number of occasions, and how on their way home they as a crew had bragged and celebrated on their success. He also remembered as a fresh-faced cadet, an old battle worn soldier once telling him, ‘never look a man you are about to kill, in the face’. Now Alexi could see all those faces. “I remember,” he said ashamedly.
“My second officer Clouss is a good man, but grief can squeeze the decency from any heart, and revenge can become flames that consume it. He has admitted to me that the fire, the accident, the missing packages were all his doing. He wanted your reputation, your career and life ruined. He came a good part of the way, but as I said he is a good man, and his conscience became too much of a burden.”
Alor was quiet for a moment, giving Alexi chance to speak. “I don’t know what to say.” Was all he could?
“No… And there is little that I can add, other than that after we talked he wanted to face you himself; but I come as his senior officer. Ultimately I am responsible for whatever my crew does.” Alor hesitated a little. “Alexi… this is entirely my own request, and I will understand if you refuse, but I ask you to forgive him… It is a lot to ask, but I know the man. He is not malicious by nature… Just consumed by grief.”
The words bit deeply into Alexi’s consciousness. He was angry at how his word had been doubted and his reputation almost destroyed. But it was only his pride that had been hurt, what this man had lost was incalculable in comparison. “If you tell David he could be imprisoned.”
“Possibly.”
“Certainly. David pointed that out to me. My protection is that I am seen more as incompetent than criminal. He deliberately put lives at risk.”
“He is prepared for the consequences, including living with that sense of guilt for a very long time.”
“I cannot understand how he feels; who could without being in is his situation, but what he did, did hurt me, and in an area of my life that I thought was important; but I too carry guilt enough at what I have done in my life, so I can do nothing other than forgive him.”
Alor nodded. “I haven’t said anything to David yet, because I wanted you to know first.” He stood. “But that now is done I will go to him and put the record straight.”
“No.” Said Alexi firmly.
“No…. As it be, then we shall go together.” 
“No... Just forget it.”
“Alexi to tell him yourself is not a good idea; he will be unlikely to accept your words alone?”
“I want you to forget it completely.”
Alor was surprised at the reply. “Alexi you are seen as guilty of what you have been accused of, incompetent in your own words. Telling David will restore your dignity.”
“I know. It doesn’t matter.”
“You want to stay under a cloud of doubt?”
“No.”
“Then what of the pride you have lost.”
“If I count the things in my life that I have lost, my pride is the least valuable.”
Alor sat down again. “I thought you would be pleased?”
“I am, but not for me. Tell your officer to be at peace with himself. I hold him no malice. The truth is he has a right to hate me, for I have done hateful things.”
Alor stared at him for several seconds before he reached across the table and clasped Alexi’s hand. “If only my people; the Corporation could see what good is on both sides then we would not be in such a stupid, stupid war as…”
There was another knock at the door. Alexi stood to answer it.
Alor laughed, “David is a man of his word is he not.”
“Or has little else to do.”
It was not David, but Paul. It was the first time that Alexi had faced the man since he had made love to Celia. Paul stood looking at the surprise and trepidation on Alexi’s face. “May I come in?” he said after a short silence.
“Yes. Yes.” Alexi stepped back overly welcomingly.
Paul ignored Alexi’s guilty reaction. “It is opportune that I find you both together.” He said walking towards a spare chair at the table. He looked at it and then at Alexi.
Alexi nodded his approval and Paul sat down.
“I am gratified that you two can talk.”
“We were just about to begin a violent political debate when we heard you knock,” grinned Alor.
“Then don’t let me stop you,” said Paul lightheartedly. “I enjoy a good fight, Sorry, strongly opinionated dialogue.”
Alexi relaxed a little and sat relieved that Paul had apparently not come to confront him.
“I understand you are both settling in well, considering your new life has been forced upon you?”
“I don’t know if Alexi will totally agree?” Answered Alor, a little more ready to agree. “The work is not as, shall I say emotionally stretching as our past occupations, but all things considered I believe we are, is that not so Alexi?”
They both looked at Alexi.
He had to agree the life was not as much of an ordeal has would once have thought,  
“Maybe I’m getting too old for excitement,” he said lamely.
“I hope not, as I have to ask you both for assistance. Assistance that will rekindle that excitement.”
Alexi felt a flood of emotions so mixed he was not sure how he wanted to react.
 “There has been a considerable time lapse, between your cultures and mine.” Began Paul. “…In that time it is only to be expected that your science would have improved on or even discarded systems that seem so essential to us. Many such things I imagine are, or were aboard both of your craft. Some apparently are quite awesome. I hope they carry no patents?”
He looked at Alexi.  
“…As I am afraid we have made commercial decisions that we would be unable to ethically or legally defend in any court that I know of.” His expression became more serious. “But then again, these are unusual times for all of us, especially given the extenuating circumstances.”
He looked from Alexi to Alor and back.
“For my... For our part here on the arcs the next period of company growth is fraught with incalculable's.” His tone became sincere. “That is one reason why companies do not encourage war, unless of course you are assured of winning. Still, back to your craft Alexi. There are other things on the vessel that remain a mystery to us, machines that seem to have no logical purpose.”
He paused looking for something in their faces
Alexi spoke. “You need to know what could be unleashed against you.”
“Not to put too fine a point on it, Yes, but not only know, I want you to get your systems operatives to assist my scientists.”
Alor spoke “Paul I consider my crew and your people as friends, and I am sure that in time the same will be said of the Warriors crew, and then they will readily share all knowledge, but to ask at this time of, as you say unknown future, then you are asking Alexi to commit to what may be seen as treason?”
Paul leaned back in his seat. “That is an academic point considering that he is unlikely to return to his time, and face trial.”
Alor looked anxiously at Alexi “If things turn for the worst and you’re Alliance regime takes over, he won’t need to.”
“True,” conceded Paul, but we don’t intend that to happen.
“Hopefully not,” said Alor. “But even avoiding that, Alexi’s position is unenviable. Likewise if I return to the future Alliance, my crew and I face a lifetime of exile in a prison colony, but…” He seemed torn inside.  “If you release Alexi, and his crew to return I will assist you in any way I can.”
Paul looked from Alor to Alexi.” He doesn’t know, does he?”
It took Alexi only a moment to realize Paul was referring to the navigational computer. He shook his head. “Alor we can’t go back. Someone has wiped the return data from the Warriors memory.”
Paul spoke again. “So Alexi, you have heard the lieutenants offer to comply, if I agree to his conditions, and do the same for your crew. Have I your assistance also?”
“I suppose it’s a wasted effort asking that the technology be used for peaceful purposes?” Said Alexi
“As I have said before the company needs live populations. I give you my word that I will only use what is necessary for defense of the arcs at any given time.”
“That’s hardly a concrete answer.”
“It is all I can give.”
“And what if any of my crew asks me to refuse?”
“Then you should point out that they are faced with the same realities as you are, but in the event any who find it morally objectionable to help people who I point out are the victims in the events we are about to enter, then they will not be penalized for their decision.
“Then I agree.”
“You have a device that appears to measure fluctuations in gravity.”
Alexi nodded. “It’s called a Graviotrometer.”
“As it would be. Then tell me what does an increasingly positive reading mean?”
Alexi looked at Alor apprehensively.
“Ahh I see,” muttered Paul. “As I feared, we are about to have more visitors… many more visitors.”
Battle Fleet
Alexi had become almost fond of the hulking vessel he flew, and even though he could walk faster than it accelerated from stationary; under full power, it felt like it could move a moon. Neither was it pretty, a jumble of gantries and supports, that he had affectionately named ‘pig-two’, after a cloven footed creature on the Animal arc, where for some unfathomable reason, the occupants humorously insisted that they be referred to in pairs. 
Still they could all laugh, pig was fitted with a spacious cabin, that he had called the ‘sty’. It made a cozy meeting place for him and Celia, after she had complained that the Warrior’s cramped quarters restricted her enjoyment.
The name had been her idea, and was something that seemed to cause her amusement each time she referred to it, but as she had pointed out ‘never in a million years’ would anyone look for them there. That was something Alexi readily approved of, as he was far from sure of how Paul would view their liaison.  Of course none of this would have come about, if his series of accidents had not come to an end. When it did, and after Celia’s intercession to Paul: to the annoyance of her brother, he had, had Alexi’s tracer audio deactivated. 
To Alexis growing regret his and Celia’s relationship was hardly full time; they could not be seen together, and with Paul’s insistence of the closeness of his family, Celia was often away with him on company business. So it was with a mixture of pleasure and trepidation that Alexi read the summons to the chalet on the vid.

As the transport drove into the parking bay, it was reassuring in a way that there was no reception committee. Maybe there was a fledgling trust developing after all
Alexi walked through into the deserted reception area, and then through to the equally deserted lounge. He was becoming uneasy, and was reluctant to venture further into the building without permission. Unsure what to do he glanced fruitlessly around for one of the magazines that were left scattered about in public areas. Thinking it would look relaxed for him to be browsing one when someone at last arrived.
“You look lost commander.” The female voice seemed to come from the sky. 
He looked up to see a woman leaning over the balustrade on the mezzanine floor; he wondered how long she had been there. It took a second before his eyes moved past the demure designer dress to what was inside. “Rhea,” he said in surprise
She smiled elegantly and almost floated to the stairway. “It seems lifetimes have passed since we last were in the same room,” she said slowly walking down the steps. The dark hair that had drawn his attention for its smoothed back neatness before now draped like a shimmering cloud about her face and shoulders.
“Certainly our lives have changed,” he agreed not sure what to say. “How are you?”
“Well,”
“What are you up to now?”
“Up to?" She said, seemingly puzzled at the meaning.
“Work. You are still working?”
“Still?  Of course everybody has a career on the arc.”
“I meant are you still doing the ceramic’s stuff.”
“When I can, it’s interesting seeing things we had long moved on from, but I tend not to be in any one place for too long.”
“Yes.” He said hesitantly.
“You can say it.”
“Say what?”
“Why are you not in the one place?”
“I wasn’t thinking that.” He said timidly.
“You weren’t? Then you should learn a little about body language, because that’s what you wanted to say.”
“Why should that interest me, I get around too,” he said feebly.
She stopped several steps up so that he had to look up at her face. 
“Ah, but your travel does not involve being someone’s mistress.”
Alexi nearly choked. “No. But I don’t look as good as you.” He wanted to bite off his tongue as soon as he uttered the words, not only was it a crass remark; it was also very childish, even if it was true.
She raised her eyebrows in provocation. “You see me only as desirable for my sexual attributes? Paul sees me for my intellect.”
At that moment Paul came into the room.
“Alexi,” he said. “I see Rhea has been making you welcome?”
Rhea smiled and Alexi brooded. 
“Come. The others are waiting,” Paul said almost sweeping Alexi along with him back out into the reception area, leaving Rhea looking thoughtfully after him. Paul pressed a button to call the vator while he chatted lightly, asking Alexi about how he was continuing to fit in.
Alexi had no idea how far they dropped but they got out into a massive open plan office. He observed that a mixture of civilian and militia personnel sat at various workstations as they diagonally crossed the area, to the partitioned off control room. Alor and Kale were already there. It had been some weeks since Alexi had seen Kale, but he nodded slightly to Alor, as friends do. 
“Alexi,” started Paul. “As you can see your systems officer has been helping us construct a Graviotrometer of our own.”
Alexi could see a duplicate on the bench before them.
“It has been operational for several days and has recorded data for that time which correlates with that from your spacecraft.”
Alexi looked past Paul at the data displayed on the screen. He looked at Kale. 
“How much?”
“Six point, zero, zero; almost one percent in the last twenty-four hours,”
Paul looked serious. “Well?”
“It’s hard to say with such a low read out.” Alexi replied, not confident to say more. He looked at Kale. 
Kale spoke with more assurance. “As I have said in my report. My best guess is, and assuming they are close to maximum warp, twenty arc days. But it could be could be ten either side. There are many factors that could reduce or increase the time.”
Paul threw a question to them all. “This is the Company fleet we are observing?”
There was silence, until Alexi spoke. “It was the leading fleet, so we can make that assumption. All that the equipment is picking up right now is a scattering of gravitons thrown forward of the shock-wave….”He saw Paul’s eyes widen at the word. “The warping of space-time creates a surge before it.”
Paul gave no further signal so he went on. 
“…The count of gravitons will rise steadily until a few days before the fleet arrives, then the receptors will be overwhelmed. It’s possible that just before that time we may be able to get a signature indicating the number of spaceships driving it forward, and maybe even an indication of type.”
“Could there be any other natural cause?”
“Cosmological physics is always coming up with something new,” Alexi looked at Kale. “But I’m not aware of anything natural that’s capable of creating the same pattern. I think we have to accept it’s the fleet.”
“Is it the full fleet?” asked Paul, but again there was no immediate answer. “I mean does it make sense, to send a reconnaissance party on ahead?”
“Warping occurs on a massive scale, it can carry one or a number of craft just the same.” Said Alexi.
“But it is likely one of the fleet’s, in total.” Paul was getting exasperated.
“From the data, I would have to say one of them, yes.”
“And we won’t know how many, or which, until they drop back into normal space travel, right in front of us?”
Alor shrugged his shoulders, and looked at Alexi as he spoke. “Hopefully not right in front of us, but yes.”
The news was not to Paul’s liking, and he seemed annoyed as he ushered them through to an office to the side of the room. He closed the door. “I need to know if this is the Corporation or the Alliance fleet,” he demanded.
Alor answered uncertainly. “Any codes issued from a spacecraft traveling with gravity warping will be hidden in the troughs of the warp. The only time anything becomes visible is when the wave pushed before it passes us, and by then it’s too late.”
“So the options are merely that one or the other will soon be here.” Paul almost snapped.
“Yes and No,” said Alexi hesitantly. 
“Yes and no,” shot back Paul. “Which and why?”
“They could be both in the same trough.”
“But they started at different times?”
“It’s a theoretical possibility, It’s just as possible they could be separated by dozens of them,” Alexi tried to sound convincing. He knew it was all a totally new concept to Paul, but in truth he didn’t understand all the complexities of warp travel either. “If the fleets commenced warping at different times; which apparently is what happened, with the Alliance a week behind? Then each would have created its own warping. When that occurs there is a slight flattening of the wave where the effects overlap, right through until this inference causes the two separate waves to fully interact.”
“So the intensity of this wave will increase or cancel out?” said Paul intently.
“Not in the normal sense, but by determining how much the wave is flattened, it’s possible to estimate of how out of phase the two gravity waves are. The Alliance was a week behind, now disregarding the remote possibility they went to warp at a time identical to the period from the Corporations wave, then maybe we can work out an approximate time difference.”
“And this will affect the fleet’s velocity?”
“A little,” said Alexi. He stopped as he saw Kale eager to add something.
Kale took the opportunity. “Over the distance it’s immeasurably short to see, but both fleets had a different entry point. Consequently both waves will run in a minutely different direction. If the Warrior was to take separate readings from a different location, it could be possible to determine if there is, and how a reduction or increase is affected.”
“He’s right,” agreed Alor as he turned to Paul. “You must release the Warrior.”
Paul’s reluctance was obvious. “Release it? I’m not sure I can.”
“You don’t have a lot of options.” Alor insisted. “Simultaneous readings on a distant baseline could determine parallax.”
“Why the warrior; cannot we use a ship of our own?”
Kale shook his head. “Yes, but the equipment would need to calibrated and that will take more time “.
Paul avoided looking at Alexi as he spoke. “Alor, can you pilot the Warrior?”
Alexi felt himself stiffen at how Paul made no attempt to hide that he distrusted him. 
“I can, but I won’t,” said Alor firmly. “It’s Alexi’s ship.”
Paul looked at Alexi. “Tell me why I should not assume that you will race straight to your fleet and tell them everything they want to know.”
Alexi looked at Alor. “Because my co-pilot will be Alor.” He wasn’t sure which man was most surprised, but Paul was first to answer. “That is good enough for me…. Alor?”
His face broke into a broad smile. “A Corporation lieutenant flying the Warrior is an opportunity that I cannot turn down.”
Paul nodded his agreement. “Then it shall be done. We will meet again when you have more information, for the moment there are too many possibilities and there is much to do.” He left them for a moment to speak to a technician.
Alor came over to Alexi, turning his back to Paul and speaking softly. “I don’t think now is a good time to mention that the data will not tell if they are one or a hundred troughs apart.”
Alexi nodded his head in agreement. “Neither is it to tell him the Warrior has already been released.”
Alor looked at him curiously as Paul returned. “We twelve full days’ data available.”
“I need more to be even fifty percent accurate,” said Kale doubtfully.
“See that man,” Paul pointed to the technician he had spoken to.
Kale nodded.
“He will arrange anything you want.” He turned back to Alexi and Alor. “Come we can discuss the rest over coffee.”

They went back to the chalet, up to the mezzanine and out onto a large balcony apparently made out of chunky timber
Rhea was there sat at a table eating breakfast. She looked up, nodded sweetly to Paul, beamed at Alor, and ignored Alexi.
They leaned against the fence surrounding the deck and looked out over the snow filled vista before them.
“It’s beautiful isn’t it,” said Paul in wonder.
Alexi was used snowscapes, but could not argue that the man was right.
“I won’t allow the company to lose it,” he said determinedly. “It is not common knowledge yet, but I have intelligence that our political opposition are also aware of the fleet’s imminent arrival.”
Alexi knew that at some time they would have found out but the words were still something of a surprise, and immediately he felt accused. “I haven’t said anything.” He said defensively.
Paul disregarded his denial. “My information is that they intend to send an emissary, hoping to secure a union.”
Alor must have been thinking the same as Alexi as he spoke. “It can’t come as a surprise that they would consider that.”
“Not with the Corporation.”
One of the maids brought out steaming cups on a large tray. She waited as they moved back; then she placed it next to the top of the balustrade.
Alor waited until she had left before he spoke, “You will be considering the same?”
“Of course, but I’m curious to know why they would attempt to make a pact with a Corporation fleet?”
“Paul the reality is that while you and the Corporation have the same ideology, both are not the same.”
“Our Federation and you’re Corporation; partners? I actually find that hard to accept… You think it’s possible?”
“All I can assume is that they would expect to be received as any emissary would be?” said Alexi confidently.
“Will it even get there? Can anything go wrong going against the warping?”
“That…. it’s not a problem,” said Alor. “At the very tip of the wave is an effect termed the scoop. Providing the craft doesn’t power through and directly into the gravity front. It will be carried with the front and will literally bob up and down, crest to trough, so to speak. Mind it will be violent until it eventually comes to the fleet.”
“The shock-wave you spoke of won’t affect it?”
“Shock wave's are relevant to size. On the massive side, a planet will detect almost nothing; otherwise it pays to be as small as possible. A spacecraft will just have a violent ride, as long as it doesn’t run into the actual gravity wall. That’s not recommend. “
Paul thought for a moment and again spoke directly to Alor. “Then what about the arcs. How will it affect them?”
“Badly. It’s unlikely the scoop will pick up something quite so large as an ark, and if it did; face on, the front and rear could be on different zones of rising and descending waves. The fleets will have calculated how it will affect the arcs and come out of warp light years ahead of us. They’ll power down and the effect should be barely noticeable. 
“And if they don’t?”
Alor drew a deep breath. “If one or the other fleet intends to arrive first at any cost, they could stay in warp until the last moment. In that case the arcs will have to prepare for a destructive wash.”
“They will know that?”
Alexi tried to sound confident. “They certainly know what will happen if they don’t.”
“I hope so. It is impossible to stop the arcs.”
“There is one thing,” added Alor hesitantly. “If we’re brainstorming possibilities here, and assuming hypothetically that the fleet wanted to cause chaos, running on and sending a shock-wave through the fleet could be a good move.”
“Then the emissaries can’t be allowed to fail.” Muttered Paul.

Back on the pig a few hours later Alexi was thinking that if Paul was back on wonderland Celia would be too; so he was more than pleased to see that one of the maintenance crew milling about the depot on his return was short, with bright chestnut hair, tied up under her orange beret. As soon as he had closed the Pig down she came aboard.
“Hi,” she said coyly. “Have you eaten? I’ve brought dinner.”
Alexi saw it was a hot pastry eaten with the fingers, that she called pitza. But as was often the case, once she wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled his face down to hers, the meal was long cold before it was all eaten.

“Rhea said you had.” Her mouth was overfull of the delicacy, and she dropped crumbs onto the sheets. “Opp’s,” she giggled bushing them off the bed. “Rhea said you were at the chalet.”
Her words surprised him. It was the first time she had directly referred to the woman, and he wondered if that was because Rhea was establishing her place with the family, or whether it was to draw him. “Your father wanted to see me,” he said pointlessly.
“I know that,” she said taking another piece. “He’s all worried about all these extra visitors.”
“Visitors. Is that how you see them?”
“No.” She pouted. 
“I’ll be honest I’m surprised that there is not more…” He couldn’t think of the right word. 
“Panic.”
“Maybe.”
“Alexi we’ve been traveling through space for a long time; some people would say it was almost inevitable that we would be visited at some point on our journey. Mind I doubt anyone ever imagined it would be by us.”
“I suppose the upshot is that we are the same as you.”
“That depends on if it’s a marauding mob, or the cavalry arriving.”
“And who is which?”
“Maybe they are both in the same.”
“You don’t think it’s going to be that bad?”
She looked at him as if he was stupid. “Everybody is worried about it Alexi. Depending on whom you talk to it will be the biggest business opportunity in the history of the company, or the collapse of our civilization.”
“I hardly think it’ll be that."
“You don’t?” she interrupted. “Has your life ever been through an equal upheaval?” She had stopped eating.
“Ours is already. I have never known anything but madness; we have been at war for centuries.”
“Do I have to say anymore?”
“Don’t let’s talk about this?” He reached out his hand to touch her hair.
She leaned her head sideway a little as if to be closer to his fingers.  “Alexi,” she said suddenly. “I have to go away, just for a while.” She looked up at him, light glistening in the corner of her eye where a pool of moisture was forming.
He realized he didn’t want to hear what she had to say.
“That doesn’t matter,” he said, his throat feeling thick and full. “You will always find me when you get back, just follow the smell.” He tried to make it sound like a joke.
“No…it’s not that going away.” She smiled. “Would that bother you if I did?”
“Yes, it would.”
She nodded satisfied. “Did daddy tell you that Alor would be our emissary pilot?”
“No. I didn’t.” And he wondered why Alor had not told him.
“He says the future Corporation will welcome him back.”
“That sounds reasonable.”
“But Alor cannot speak for the company of arcs. There must be an official high-level representation from us.”
Alexi could feel his heart beating in his chest.
A single tear ran down and over her cheek. “I offered to represent the Company on Paul’s behalf.”
Alexi’s hand slid gently from her hair, to wipe the tear away with his thumb. “Then I’m sure everything will be just fine.”
She brushed his hand away. “No. It’s not for me…it’s you. You’re the one I’m scared for.” She began to cry in earnest. 
Alexi pulled her to him. He caressed her tenderly; his lips close to her ear.  “Don’t fret about me. I’ll be okay “
She pushed her face away from his chest. “No, you won’t be. David has convinced daddy that giving you and your crew up as prisoners to the fleet, would be seen as significant act of good faith.”
“You’re joking,” said Alexi as a cold feeling ran down his spine. 
She looked up at him in despair.
“So much for thinking I had got back in favor with your father.”
“Don’t pre-judge him Alexi. He has hard decisions to make and as a business decision, to trade you is a cheap price if he can save the arcs and the company.”
Alexi was not sure he agreed, but he could see her point. He began to stroke her hair again. “Well,” he said slowly. “If truth is known I was getting tired of war, even if I hadn’t realized it. I can take a couple of years in the brig if that’s the price of peace. As long as you…” He stopped. Tears were flooding from her eyes.
“Alor told me that in his community you are classed as a war criminal. You have a price on your head and have been tried for massacre in absentia…. You have already been sentenced to death.”

The lovemaking that followed was probably the most aggressive and passionate that he had ever known. They literally tried to consume each other bodies, and lay exhausted and unsleeping for some time afterwards. In the end Celia suddenly jumped out of the bed and raced away barely half dressed. 
In the silence he could hear her sobs as she ran down the companionway and out through the deserted depot.  
He wanted to chase her, hold her until they came for him, but he knew it would not be that simple.  

Alor called early the next morning to inform him that traffic control had been informed of the Warrior’s release and that they were to fly as soon as possible. Alexi said nothing of what Celia had told him.
Alexi mounted the ramp to find Alor had already begun to get the ship operational.  “Ahh, Alexi. I hope you do not mind but I am familiarizing myself with your craft.”
The words bore more relevance when he thought of what Celia had told him. “Not at all, carry on.”
“It is different to my ship in many ways.”
“It would be expected. Different classes.”
“Yes, but still different.”
“Then take the controls, I will correct you if necessary.”
It wasn’t necessary, Alor was a natural pilot and quickly became at home in the command chair, so much so that Alexi begrudgingly realized that if anyone was to take Celia it had to be Alor. The thought eased a lot of his resentment.
“You have not spoken a word Alexi.” Alor said at last. “Is my flying so bad?”
“On the contrary, I’ve had no reason to criticize,” he said truthfully. It needed no more than an occasional questioning look, and a brief visual reply as they fell into almost a silence while. It was only then when they were over a million klick’s distant that Alexi spoke. “We’re probably far enough by now “
Alor nodded, preparing to slow the craft. “Who told you?” He said meekly
“Does it matter?”
“Alexi I know this is weak excuse but I wanted to tell you from the start, but Paul insisted that all details were on a need to know basis.”
“Is that what made Paul ask you to fly the Warrior?”
Alor seemed confused. “Fly the Warrior. What has the Warrior got to do with it?”
“As emissary?”
“No, of course not. It’s the Corporation fleet were flying to Alexi.”
Realization flowed over him, and he felt stupid at how his anger had clouded the obvious
“You know the protocol,” Alor said calmly. “Ambassadors travel in an unarmed shuttle. If we turned up in an Alliance warship we’d probably get blown out of space.”
“Of course,” he said meekly. “I wasn’t thinking.”
“I’m sorry Alexi, but there was no reason to tell you. A secret mission is a secret; you know the procedure. If we were to tell family and friends, nothing would be secret.”
“I know that, but it doesn’t ease the feeling of betrayal.”
“They are hard words Alexi; I feel I have the right to be offended.”
Though his tone indicated he was not, what he had said made Alexi feel guilty. They were both military officers, people who mostly had little choice in their actions. “Yes you do. I had no right to say that. I’m sorry.”
“But professional pride is not the reason you’re angry is it?”
“What do you mean?”
Alor smiled knowingly. “I give you my word I will look after her.”
Alexi was already at a disadvantage, now he was staggered; he just stared at Alor.
A broader smile crept over Alor’s face. “Ah you thought that was your secret?”
“I don’t know… “Alexi’s words trailed off at Alor's perceptive look. “I… we tried…. Does everybody… “
“If you mean Paul, I don’t think so. It’s almost certain that David does, but she is his sister, so I don’t think he has told his father details of that part…. of your activities.”
Alexi suddenly felt foolish that he had ever assumed anything he did on the Arcs could be kept secret. “I didn’t intend to come between them.”
“I doubt you will. Family is complicated politics; we tread carefully between each other’s feelings. Whatever we may think of him, David is a good son, and a good brother. Whatever he does will be for the good of the family, at least in the long run.”
Alexi felt a lump in his throat as he spoke. “If I can’t take her, then I’m glad it’s you.”
Alor shrugged his shoulders in acceptance. “Then it is settled and I am no longer intending to betray you?”
“I don’t know why I ever entertained the thought that you would.”
Alor nodded “Then let us get to work, much depends on it, not least off all my… future.”

Alexi neither saw Celia or Alor again after he returned and although he missed her greatly, a weight seemed to have been removed from his consciousness.  It was several days later that news filtered through, concerning a shuttle that had left some time before to reconnoiter space up ahead. Even then he didn’t know for sure if it was theirs.

Once when Celia had been in one of her outrageous impish moods she had got him to video their lovemaking. Later she had jokingly threatened him that if ever he were to leave her she would get the many contacts she had to slip it into a regular newscast for the whole arc to see what a ‘shameless user of women he was’. He watched the replay endlessly, looking only to catch the few brief moments when he had playfully forced her face up towards the camera.
 
It was several days later when Paul summoned him again. He was waiting in the reception area and immediately took Alexi to a small office.
Alexi was struck by how the man had aged. He looked stooped and drawn; and seemed greatly troubled. He spoke little as he went directly over to vid. A picture fluttered into view. Though it was poor quality Alexi knew at once that the location was in deep space. Several spacecraft came in and out of view, some big, some small and most firing heavy weapons. Paul stopped the picture framing a large spaceship. He glanced at Alexi expectantly
It took only moments for him to recognize it. “The Prince Bernard,” he gasped.
“You know it?”
“Yes. It’s the flagship of the eighth Terran group.”
“I wish we would have known that earlier,” sighed Paul.
“Why what’s wrong?”
Instead of replying Paul started the picture again. As the images flashed by, he then began to explain. “This is the view from an emergency drone. They are automatically released when a vessel is disabled. Amongst its other requirements it records whatever data it can so that investigators can determine what was the cause of the accident. As you can see this is no mishap, the drone itself is under fire.” He stopped the picture, and enhanced it. “See there under that ship.”
Alexi could see close to the Prince Bernard’s hull was a small spacecraft. 
“That is our emissary’s shuttle,” Paul said bleakly.
Alexi’s heart went cold. “What happened?” He said anxiously; fear crippling his breathing.
“All internal and external communication and conversations are recorded. Before the drone was destroyed it recorded that we declared first, and your flagship then responded as a Corporation vessel….”
“They wouldn’t... They can’t, that’s prohibited under…” Stuttered Alexi.
“I won’t waste time on should and shouldn’t,” interrupted Paul. “Take my word that they did. Alor must have realized quite quickly that it wasn’t Corporation and began to veer off but was told to advance under truce conditions or they would be treated as hostile. They were told to power down and they would be tractored in.”
Alexi couldn’t believe what Paul was telling him.
“Alor challenged them a second time. This time they declared themselves the Alliance fleet: he was ordered to surrender unconditionally. Alor tried to break free. He almost succeeded, but the shuttle was too deep into their defensive perimeter and as you saw, he was hopelessly outnumbered. The craft was fired upon and disabled. As I said, at that point the drone was automatically released.” 
Celia was on the tip of his tongue but he said. “Those on board?”
Paul looked at him unhopefully. “There were several messages relayed by the drone. The final one was from Alor; it was brief and we assume to you or his crew. It was ‘Make mine cider’; does that make any sense to you?”
“Yes,” said Alexi sad beyond belief.  “When a pilot is killed on a mission. The pack they belong to hold a wake, they drink a farewell to their comrade’s spirit on its journey to Valhalla. A chair is left unoccupied and the pilot’s favorite drink placed in front of it untouched.”
“Ahh,” said Paul. “I should have guessed as much.”
Alexi couldn’t leave it there. “That was all?”
“A distress call.” Paul hesitated. “And one for me personally; from my daughter.”
The fear was too great in Alexi's voice as he blurted out. “Celia... Is she…? Is she safe?”
Paul looked an old man as he stared dejectedly at Alexi. “Is there something you wish to tell me?”
“I…. I.... don’t know.”
“No I’m sure you don’t,” he said mockingly. “Neither do I know why my child’s precious last message was to beg mercy and forgiveness on your behalf?”
Alexi could not speak 
“You are a father?” It was rhetorical question that Alexi could only nod his head to. “Then you will know that a father cannot refuse his child’s last wish.”
“But you don’t know that…” Said Alexi on the verge of tears.
“Oh but I do. A message from the Alliance followed some hours later, stating that the occupants of our shuttle were declared agents provocateur. That’s a spy commander, if you are unused to the term. The ultimatum stated that they will be returned as a so-called gesture of goodwill, if I give the Alliance sovereignty over the Company’s arcs. If I do not then the appropriate penalties will be applied. Now don’t you dare tell me what that means commander because I don’t want to hear it?” His voice was full of anger. Paul spun around and slammed his hand hard against the wall. He stared back at Alexi wildly. “For all that’s sacred commander, have your people no morality.”
Alexi could not apologize for his people; his heart was already breaking. 
Paul walked to the cool cupboard and took a drink from it. “I will respect her wish, but I expect you to damn well help me… Understand?” He snapped uncompromisingly. 
Alexi nodded his head.
“I want to know everything; and I mean everything that you can tell me.” He rewound the vid to the start.
Bit by bit they worked through with Alexi explaining, or occasionally requesting. “Can you re-run that segment?”
Paul brushed the screen and the images ran backwards. 
“There, stop there. Now run.” The screen was full of warships as the picture ran again. “Stop; can you enhance?”
“Where?”
“There.” Alexi pointed. He sighed deeply. “More zoom?”
“What are you looking for?” Asked Paul.
“A battle group generally comprises three arrays, eight heavy cruisers; two or more, mine layers and anywhere between three and four thousand fighters, at a minimum. If you examine the craft there you will see mine layers with the insignia from separate groups, and other craft different again. Now before we jump to any particular conclusion it can obviously mean there are three or more groups out there. If there are, you are in deep, deep trouble, but there is another option. The groups are scattered all over our system, to place one entire group in any location weakens the others and is a logistical nightmare, and needs time. It looks to me that central administration took what they could get, from where they could get it.”
“They have sent a hotchpotch force?”
“If you mean a make-do force, then don’t get your hopes up. Some may be straight out of repair or reserve, others could have been easy to muster, but wherever they were found, they are all fighting units. It’s just that they are not a cohesive force in the sense of a regular battle group 
Paul seemed to sag a little. “Then we have no edge?”
“None that I can see at this moment.”
“So how do we defend ourselves?”
Alexi’s mind was blank. “I don’t know.”
“Then what will be their battle plan?”
“I’m assuming they don’t know you’re fighting capability; but they will probably expect you to defend yourself with fighters. Probably their first line of defense will be to lay a minefield between us.”
“How will that work?”
“They have at least two mine layers. Each can lay thousands of magnetic mines over a great area of space. Each is roughly the size of a man and rest dormant until attracted to a moving body. Depending on the laying technique they swarm towards whatever it was that disturbed them. Each detonates with a small explosion, not enough to destroy a large vessel, but synchronized and in number, they are deadly. A couple of mine layers can lay an impenetrable shield over a very significant area of space.”
“That seems pointless unless they can penetrate their own minefield. I assume you’re going to tell me they can.”
Alexi nodded. “The mines can tell friend or foe; friendly fighters can pass through with no effect.” There was a shuddering in the image as the view changed from that on the shuttle to out of the drone.
Paul allowed the firefight to play right through before he stopped the picture. “You paint a bleak picture, but I thank you for your help, especially that you are now officially our enemy. I understand how difficult this may have been for you.” He removed the disc from the player.
“For what it is worth I am not your enemy.”
“My daughter doesn’t seem to think you are, and I would like to believe she was…” he stopped suddenly. “You can go now, but remember a father gave his word, but the president of the company does not always have the luxury of such verbal bonds.”
Alexi hesitated. “The ultimatum?”
“Without being precise there a million people on this arc alone, others carry many more. If I am to compare against each one on the shuttle, then what do you think I should decide commander?”

Kale was busy working on a circuit board when Alexi entered the room.  “Alexi,” he said delightedly.
“Hi Kale.” Alexi replied. They spoke for a few minutes on trivia before Alexi brought the conversation around. “The Graviotrometer readings?”
The man kept working while they talked: he gave a drawled. “Yea,” as he clipped two parts together.
“You can locate coordinates for the fleet?”
“Close enough.”
“To drop a shuttle in their midst?”
“I did before.”
Alexi paused a moment. “Then you could again?”
Kale looked at him suspiciously. “You want me to?”
Alexi was hesitant. “Yea.”
Kale stopped working, and smiled at him.
“You’re not thinking………..You are, aren’t you.” He thought for a second. “The restraint?”
Alexi didn’t reply to the question. “I won’t involve you, if you could just leave the data lying around?”
“Won’t involve me. What kind of a statement is that? I’m coming with you “

When Alexi arrived at the Warrior Kale was already there.  “It’s in the database.” He said gesturing to the navigation panel.
Alexi looked at him. “It’s not too late to change your mind and get off?”
“The only getting off that I’m worried about is the Warrior.”
Alexi looked at the instrument bank. “They are unlikely to let us go peacefully “
“Then we should not hang about, they will soon suspect something with all the tracers converging on the one place.”
“All?”
There was a female voice. “Ale…. commander you don’t think we would leave the running of the Warrior to you alone, do you?”
Kale looked past him as Alexi spun around to face Claries.
She ignored him and strode to the command console and rapidly opened flight system after system. Indicator lights illuminated all around them.  “Power up Grunt,” she said into the internal communication. 
There was no sound but Alexi could feel the Warrior come alive under his feet. Suddenly there was a firm commanding voice behind him. “That is enough commander.”
They spun to face David. “Move away from the control panel,” he said looking at Claries. She was looking at the pistol he held. “Please do as I ask. I have no particular desire to shoot, but I will.”
She looked to Alexi then moved two paces to her side.
“Thank you,” he turned to Alexi. “So commander you run at last.”
“I wasn’t. It may sound like an excuse but I was going to try and intercede on behalf of the ambassadorial party.” It was perfectly true, but David didn’t believe it. 
“Very commendable,” he said. “I have no doubt you are going to the fleet, but I don’t believe that once you leave here, we will ever see you again.”
“I would have thought that was what you wanted.”
“Not if it means you divulging our security arrangements to the Alliance.”
“I suppose my word that I wouldn’t, isn’t going to be enough?”
David looked directly at Alexi. “It would be for my sister, but unfortunately not for me.”
Alexi saw Claries look at him too. “Then you know that’s the reason why I’m going.”
David looked at him as if trying to read his mind. He didn’t get the chance as at that moment grunt came up behind him and grabbed him in a bear hug that pinned his arms to his side. He let out a gasp as she crushed the air from his chest. Gasping for breath he fired the pistol in Alexi’s direction.
But Alexi was already diving to the side as Kale rushed up and forced the weapons barrel towards the floor. Twice more David pressed the discharge and twice deadly beams ricocheted between the eight legs that were trying to wrestle the pistol from his grip.
Outside the ship the emergency klaxon was screaming. Soldiers were running towards the Warrior as Kale broke away and closed the airlock.
 “Commander?” called Claries anxiously.
“Launch,” snapped back Alexi as at last the weapon clattered to the floor. Behind the noise he heard the distant soft clunk of the landing feet being retracted.
They could faintly hear the hull being hit by repeated small arms fire, but through the front screen he saw a soldier setting up a field gun. A hit wouldn’t destroy the ship but a good shot could disable it. 
“Incoming,” shouted Claries. 
Alexi looked up and saw the blackness of space between the slowly closing doors. 
“What are we up against?”
“Patrol fighters.” Said Claries.
“How many?” he said leaving grunt holding David.
“Seven. Intercept two points.”
“They’re on the ball.” Called Kale as Alexi leapt into the command chair. 
“Weapons systems charging commander.”
“No, number one,” he said sternly. “Stand all weapons down.”
“Commander we will be a target before we attain light speed.”
“We will not return the hospitality we have been shown, with impulse beams.”
“Understood?” She didn’t, but closed the charger down.
There was a dull thud. “Field gun operational commander,” said Kale as if to remind them all.
Alexi threw the Warrior into forward motion
“They’re here and on us,” called Claries as the spacecraft accelerated violently out of the bay and into space. 
Meters away from the arc Alexi leveled out and shot under two docked ferries. For the briefest time amazed faces could be seen staring down at them. Further above six fighters screamed past. 
Alexi pulled up the nose and the Warrior tore out from close to the docking area behind the fighters and out into space. They could see the emissions from the vents of the fighters, already several hundred klick’s away as they struggled to turn at high velocity. 
“Too easy commander.” Kale laughed. “If that’s the best they can do?”
Claries were smiling too. “Now we give them a lesson in real combat flying commander?”
“No, we just get out of here,” he said as they climbed vertically up from the plane of the arcs, giving a glancing look again in awe at the sight stretching across space. “I want light speed as soon as possible.” Suddenly there was an explosion close by.
“Where is he?” Alexi said anxiously
“Rear quad high.” Answered Claries.
Alexi threw the Warrior in an evasion procedure. “Damage?”
“Minor,” he called. “They really do need more practice. I don’t know how he could have missed us that close.”
“Just be thankful he did,” muttered Alexi.
“He’s backing off,” she said.
“They’re just patrol fighters, they’ll leave us for the main guns soon.”
“You say all the things girls want to hear.” Claries called back. 
“Give me rear view.” There was a shudder as a cannons wake thundered by them; the next passed even closer.
“Whoa,” called Kale humorously. “Can I change my mind now commander?”
There was little Alexi could do to maneuver at the velocity they were moving at. “They’re getting their range in. Number one we need to put more distance between us.”
“Going to light commander.”
Behind them arcs were no longer visible against the velvet star-bed, but Alexi had turned away; he was wondering what kind of a reception he’d get from ‘home’.

They watched the gravity rise, and carefully timed the intercept to be scooped up. Four hours later they entered the trough where the fleet was being carried. 
Where the arcs had looked breathtaking, the eighth Terran group looked menacing; still that was what was intended. 
Immediately Alexi observed that they were already set out in the classic shield deployment. Battle arrays at the points of an equilateral triangle. The heavy cruisers stationed ready at points of an X imposed on that triangle. The areas between and in front he knew would be seeded with mines, thousands of klick’s across. It was the equivalent of the crusaders castle he had read about in the library. Of course there was no moat in space, but whatever approached would have to come to a halt; or slow, to try and maneuver around. Whatever was the response, thousands of Alliance fighters would pour through the minefield and swarm over the enemy; causing as much havoc as possible in hit and run raids until the cruisers moved in to wound, and the arrays honed into kill. It was crude, brutal and had proved very effective in many battles.
They were being hailed, and Kale was answering. “... Warrior, Terran special assignment. Returning home…”
Alexi listened almost detached as they were given the codes that would allow them pass through the minefield. He imagined what would have been the feeling on Alor’s ship as they received the same response.
The shield already stretched beyond mid-range sensor range, when several thousand klick’s away, they were ordered to power down.  
There was a mood of excitement through the ship as the tractors took over, though they could see little other than they were being drawn towards the array in the bottom left corner.  Out of nowhere appeared a squadron of fighters. Agile two-seaters designed for combat, they flashed past almost scraping the Warriors paintwork. Moments later the communicator rang out. “Welcome home Warrior. You are just in time for the hunt.” Somehow that depressed Alexi rather than excited him.  

It had been a while since he had been this close to an array. Then he had thought of them massive by any standard, but that was before he had seen the arcs. Nonetheless the battle platform was immense, but not in the same ways as those alien objects he had become familiar with. 
The arrays were designed for brutal attrition. Hundreds of gun emplacements interwoven into a three-dimensional spider’s web. The particle beams they fired were generated deep within the structure, and were channeled through magnetic conduits to the relevant cannon; enabling a barrage to be concentrated in any direction. As the battle progressed, and as enemy action destroyed any gun position, the array would slowly roll to show unrelenting firepower from another quarter.
In normal times the Warrior was a raider, often alone but sometimes part of small packs that ran raids throughout the Corporation domain. They were not used to being in a full-blown battle fleet and in silent awe they watched as their vessel was drawn into the web. 
Passing the outer perimeter they could see faces staring back at them from inside red illuminated pillboxes perched over four recoiling cannon. 
They went deeper into the network of conduits until the massive tubes occupied almost every possible view. Then they saw the green glow from the opening jaws of the landing bay. “Welcome to my parlor said the spider to the fly,” muttered Alexi thinking on something Celia had once teased him about.
Hostile Intentions
Alexi was taken aback at how sumptuous a celebration had been arranged, so quickly. The cargo bay had become an auditorium, a multitude of people milled around. The majority were dressed in ceremonial military uniforms, almost all of them dripping with campaign decorations. He still couldn’t believe such was warranted for the Warriors return, though a few months ago the thought would not have entered his head. Then he would have bathed in the glory; now cynically he could see this was an exercise in jingoism.
There was a delicate but sufficiently shrill pinging from the rostrum as Admiral Benton tapped something against his empty glass. “Gentlemen...Ladies…. May I have your attention?”
The room hushed.
“I welcome you to this momentous occasion.” He paused as he slowly swept his hand before him. “Since time forgotten we have waited and hoped for the end of the Corporations oppression.” There was a solemn look on his face. “I stand before you today to tell you that the end is now measured in heartbeats.”
A wild cheering erupted around Alexi. He gazed about confused and unsure. This wouldn’t defeat the enemy back on the home worlds, nut nobody seemed to share his doubts; they only had eyes for Benton, and the man now mounting the podium: Director Ellis. Against the norm Ellis was dressed in civilian clothes, but rather than making him look less splendorous than those circling him, it made him look more menacing. Ellis punched the air, as did Benton in gestures of delight. They allowed the roar to continue until Benton held up his hands. Reluctantly the crowd went quiet
Benton was serious this time. “Strategists throughout history have advised against battles on two fronts.” He uttered the words as a challenge. “But are we afraid?”
Again he soon silenced the roar. “Soon we will drop out of warp less than a million klick’s ahead of the first arc…”
The words stunned Alexi. A million was too close, much too close. It would send the shock-wave head on into the arcs. Alexi wanted to grasp the man by the throat, and scream into his face, that there were millions of lives at risk. 
Benton’s composure turned to an apparent show of sadness. “I can tell you now that for some time we have had an agent working with the alliance friends of our past. That agent will have instructed those who will soon be our allies to fall back and to prepare for when the shock-wave rolls through the convoy.” He shook his head sadly. “We are a compassionate people, and we deeply, deeply regret that such an act will cause substantial injuries to fellow human beings… maybe even death…  But this is war, and to ensure the rights and freedom of humankind. Hard, sometimes brutally hard decisions must be made.” Suddenly his manner became more upbeat. “Regrettable as our course of action is to our sense of right and wrong, this decision is essential for our young men and women; our pilots and our militia’s safety. They will board company arcs scattered like leaves, over thousands of klick’s while they are still wondering what has befallen them. Those young men and women of the Alliance will fall upon them like a plague.”
Again there was cheering.
“Damaged and separated they will be vulnerable and easy to take. I call upon you free citizens of the Alliance to put your all into a joint old and new alliance presence aboard all Company arcs.” He punched the air again to applause. This time he let the cheering run for a little time. “We stand at the first solar of a new generation where all the arcs will be under total Alliance control, and our combined forces will face the second front. Soon we will chase the Corporations number seven group from this corner of the galaxy. Sending them weeping and screaming, and while they run; we the victors will be on our way back to Terran as a united people.” The room erupted again with screams and cheers echoing off gantries and walls.
It was all so easy thought Alexi, cut, dried and sold like a grocers vegetables; as his father used to say. It disgusted him that a short time ago he would probably have cheered like those around him; then willingly taken his orders and carried them out coolly and efficiently.
What had happened to him these last weeks that had not affected the others? Was it only him who had rejected the idea of war? Was he blinded by love? No that had come later, after he had begun to question. But in reality he knew it was neither. 
There was war that he could not, and would not avoid, but his war would no longer be fought with blind patriotism as the aim. There was more than that; if he was to die, then he had to know why he was fighting, and had to know that what he died for; was just. 
He faced a contradiction in his life.  Not only could he no longer justify what his own people were doing; the people who he had believed were his enemies would face an annihilation that he could not accept. Suddenly he heard his name, and saw Ellis beckoning him up to the podium.
Ellis roared. “Commander…” Then he stood back clapping wildly as Alexi reluctantly came up onto the improvised stage. “For those of you who are unaware, and that will be most of you “Ellis grinned. “Commander Alexi Davanoff and the crew of the Warrior have returned from a commando mission that placed them and our agent in the lair of our enemy; the company’s headquarters arc.”
Alexi stood center stage looking down. He felt a feeling of almost reverence as people stared at him, but he felt sick to the core knowing what had been his part.
“In recognition of that achievement and in consideration of the invaluable intelligence returned to us commander Davanoff has been promoted to Colonel…”
Again applause.
“… And… awarded the Alliance Star of Bravery.”
There was even more applause, but thankfully he was not expected to speak and as the medal was placed in his hands he was quickly moved to the back as Benton took the stage again.
Next Claries mounted the stage and was promoted to commander. Then Kale received higher rank and Grunt was reinstated to chief engineer. In turn each crewmember received recognition.

The food was marvelous, the drink overflowing. It was probably more fortune than planning that enough time would be left for the assembled pilots to sleep off the affects before the onslaught.
Alexi talked sparingly, waiting and positioning himself to talk privately to Ellis. His time came.
“You have been given a great reward commander.” Ellis stated, emphasizing Alexi’s old rank.
“And I am most honored, though it is unjustifiable...” he said modestly.
“Indeed it is,” said Ellis coolly.
Alexi was stunned at the reply. His had been words he would have been expected to say, but the reply wasn’t what he expected. “I’m sorry director?”
“We are aware of your actions aboard the company arcs. That you aided and assisted the enemy.”
“Director respectfully I must protest. We were never given to understand that those on the arcs were our enemy.”
“Then who would you have thought they were?”
“They knew nothing of our coming, yet they were prepared to meet us. Talk to us.”
“Claptrap.” He snarled. “They needed information and you freely provided it commander.”
“The arcs emissaries would have explained…”
“Emissaries? They had nothing of interest to say to us other than they expected the number seven group, and it would have welcomed them.” He smiled, “…If we had not sent the Corporation fleet racing off blindly into space looking for the wrong convergence.” His face took on meanness hard even by his normal standards. “…Did you realize that they had the affront to send the ship piloted by a Corporation lieutenant?”
“Yes. I knew that.”
“Why does that not surprise me?” snorted Ellis. “So you will also be aware that immediately they arrived under a flag of truce they ejected a probe to give our location and composition to the enemy?”
Why he said it Alexi never knew but it was a pivotal point. “I saw the pictures sent back, they were from a distress beacon.”
“You saw them?” said Ellis perplexed. 
“Yes and what I saw was a vessel already under attack.”
“Then you are more naïve than I believed. Those pictures were no doubt doctored for your benefit.”
Alexi had to concede that, that could be true.
“Director. I have made mistakes, I understand that, but I have returned not expecting this.” He looked at the velvet case in his hand. “I am prepared to give up the award. But I plead on behalf of the emissaries that came under conditions of armistice, that you talk to them, and allow them to carry our message of peace back to their leaders.”
Ellis sneered. “Commander you will always be just a pilot to me, but the people like their heroes, so you will keep your promotion and the medal whether you want it or not; as for you’re so called emissaries? I have heard enough of what message they bring. They can go back. I’ll send them on with the front of the warp, in caskets. And if that’s not enough message, I’ll have them mined as well.”
Ellis walked away leaving Alexi stunned.
Alexi did not want to eat, drink or talk; all he wanted was for the cargo bay doors to open so that he could walk off into space. He was tapped on the shoulder
“Colonel?” said a young woman.
He turned robotically. 
“Will you come with me please?”
She led him away unresisting. By the time they got to door two other men accompanied him.

Alexi was led down deep into the array until they came to a small well-guarded complex. The woman nodded to a soldier: a door was opened and Alexi was shoved into a small room. It was barely five paces square and was furnished only with cot and toilet. Even if he had not known, the surroundings wreaked of ‘brig’. He slumped on to the mattress wondering how he managed to continually make a mess of his life.

Claries had stood though the speech with beaming pride, on her shoulder the wings of her new rank. It was only by pure chance that she was close to the exit, and through a faint intoxicated haze watched as Alexi was led away. It puzzled her; she had not heard the conversation, but knew enough of what she saw to know that Alexi was in trouble. She went quickly to Kale

Alexi sat dejectedly on the cot. He had to stop this madness, but from inside a metal box that was impossible. It had been a foolish idea from the beginning. How could he, one-man make any difference when thousands: millions seemed incapable of changing a war that had gone on since time long forgotten? Maybe wiping the slate clean and re-writing the history logs was the way, but he couldn’t just accept what was about to happen; something had to change and right now. For some obscure reason an image of one of his old lecturers came to his mind. The man was stood beside him. ‘Davanoff.’ He had said gruffly. “There are times that time spins upon itself. Times when things change and will never be the same and you are on the edge of that void’. Of course at the time the man was referring to Alexi’s attention span, or lack of it, but he was right, this was a time that time changed. Was this when and where all of their history started? Of all times past and to come was this where it pivoted, where it balanced, where it began to run its course straight to the mayhem of his own time.
He sat bolt upright, in his mind the seed of an idea, but before he could grasp the concept he heard a noise outside. It sounded strangely like a man belching, but longer, more drawn out. The green light over the door came on and an instant later it slid open.
Grunt stood there grinning with the guards head locked in what would have been, if the man had been conscious, a painful wrestlers grip. “Congratulations colonel, on your promotion,” she said casually, before pushing the comatose body onto the floor besides the bed.
Alexi stood his mouth open.
“No time for breathing colonel; now time for action.”
He followed the woman back out to the warders station. Claries stood there watching several screens. “Colonel,” she said sharply with only the briefest looks his way. “Take this,” she handed him a small devise. “It is a direction finder supplied to recruits so that they can get from one place to another around an unfamiliar array. It will tell you when to turn and when not to.”
“I…” Stuttered Alexi, looking at her, and then at Grunt.
“Colonel. I do not know of what you have been accused; neither do I think it appropriate to ask, but I am sure that whatever it may be, it is unjustified. We have flown many missions together and we, your crew, know you as a man of honor. What we do is not release you, but offer you to the gods of war; it is for them to judge what man you are: we already know. If the gods decide you are to die then it should be as the hero you are, in a hail of gunfire, not here on death row as a common criminal. At the very least we owe you that.”
The words bit deeply into his heart. He had never quite grasped before how much he owed to them, or how they in turn had felt about him. “I have no words that can express my feelings.” He said feebly.
“There is no need for words colonel, a soldier does not dwell on the intangible, he lives the moment. Now is the moment; go and let fate be you’re judge.”
“What about...you?”
“Do not concern yourself about us. Kale has created a loop in the security. No one saw us arrive; no one will see us leave.”
“Thank you, he said wishing he could say what he really felt.
She gave the briefest of smiles, and then said firmly. “Go, colonel.”
He hesitated. “The emissaries?”
Claries looked at him. “Colonel you have to get to the ship, off the array and then escape the field. Your chances are already slim in the extreme, without baggage.”
“They were sent in peace…” Words deep inside him flowed out, ending what he had tried to utter. “…I can’t leave without…”
“Ahh…” she sighed. “So David was right? Maybe one day I will understand how a man will expect we women to nurse him like a baby when he stubs his toe, yet he will give to her his last breath.” She flicked several more switches. “Cell’s three through to six.”
He raced to find a surprised David laid on the bed in the first. Celia was in the second. Alexi wrapped his arms around her and held her tight as Alor brought out an equally stunned man who he remembered as Clouss.
Claries was getting impatient. “Please Colonel, GO. Kale is an electronic wonder, but we cannot keep up the subterfuge for an eternity.”
“You will be…”
Claries smiled. “A soldier always has a plan.”
“Then may fortune bring you all that you have ever desired?” He turned away as he felt his eyes moisten. They ran towards the exit. 
Claries stood watching them, fingering the wings in pride, but called to Celia as she passed. “I hope one day that I shall find such a man.” And then she threw Alexi the most casual salute he had ever received. 

They went through corridor after corridor. It seemed they traveled Klick’s, meeting no one. Alexi assumed the meandering route was determined for this very reason. Suddenly up ahead was the landing bay.
They ran out and into the sight of a militia patrol. A corporal cried out a challenge. Ignoring him they ran for the Warrior. Out of the corner of his eye Alexi saw him point in their direction and shout out the command to fire.  With little cover in the open area they dived behind the nearest support structures. With ear popping zings weapon fire erupted all about them 
“Now what?” shouted Celia? 
Alexi had no idea until suddenly the bay was plunged into a red glow. A klaxon horn commenced its pulsing wail. Over it was a deep almost monotonous recorded voice. “Bay doors commencing opening. Air evacuation imminent.” Alexi smiled and muttered. “Thank you Kale.”
The words threw panic into the militiamen; some ran to the closing internal doors. Late arrivals hammering loudly against the thick metal, while others more dedicated continued firing their weapons.
“Air evacuation commencing.” Echoed the programmed voice.
“Breathe out. Breathe out. Everything you can,” shouted Alexi urgently before he exhaled deeply.
Behind the repetitive siren a new sound had begun. It grew quickly as loose items, discarded by the fleeing soldiers began to stir. In moments it was a roaring wind as the life giving air was sucked from the area. Alexi felt his chest swell as the residual compressed air in his lungs expanded. 
He saw the expression on David’s face change to pain and bunching his fist he punched the man brutally in the stomach, forcing him into a silent scream as the air he was desperately holding burst up through his throat. Alexi silently said “Sorry,” but he did it with a broad smile on his face.
The militiamen were gasping too, and even the most committed had now dropped their weapons and were racing for the escape doors. Alexi saw Alor running; dragging Celia by the hand, across the bay towards the Warrior. Grabbing David around his shoulders Alexi followed them.
A second and shriller wail overrode the first, then an automated voice echoed around the bay. “Outer doors opening.” Alexi glanced towards them; a thin black line had appeared across the full width of the entrance. Even in the super rarefied atmosphere, the rush was almost overwhelming and Alexi had to crouch the last few meters to the Warriors entry ramp. 
Loose items whipped into the air and were sucked out into space through the widening gap. Then Alor pulled them through and the hatch slammed shut. With a loud hiss the Warrior re-filled with breathable air. 
Alexi almost stumbled as he felt the Warrior move. The motion compensators were off, but it seemed all flight systems were cranked up; Alexi assumed more of Kale's doing; but as he quickly made his way through Celia was sitting in the command chair. They were moving across the bay to the departure zone as the ships landing ramps were retracting. Alexi’s eyes were drawn to how she had selected manual control. 
She looked at him snootily as the Warrior came to a halt and spun on its axis to face the door; now two thirds the way fully open. “Daddy bought me my first Ferrari-class when I was fourteen,” she said in answer to the unasked question.
As she spoke the doors had stopped opening and had begun to close. Celia dropped the Warrior's nose down, hit the power control and they lunged forward toward the narrowing gap. Alexi was sure it was closing faster than it had opened. Irrationally the men all ducked, but the series of bangs from under their feet were more significant; telling them that the still slightly protruding ramps were being torn off by the rising bottom half of the bay door.
“Damn,” she shouted out in annoyance. “Don’t tell daddy, he’ll take the keys off me again.”
Their relief lasted only a short while as they faced the labyrinth of twisted conduits. Flashing lines marked the way, red for left and green right as they powered out along the twisting track. Constantly sighting tantalizing patches of black space between the conduits that seemed so near yet they were so far.
By the time they reached the perimeter the gun controllers were waiting for them. From their perches they fired small arms fire that bounced harmlessly off the battle hardened hull. Alexi knew the effect would soon be different, as once past them the men ran to man the cannon. 
“This is going to be tricky.” Muttered Alor softly
Alexi was besides Celia. “Stick close in. It will make it harder for them to bear down on us.”  The craft burst out into space; and at his instruction she veered back to slip over the face of the structure. 
A single cannon fired but the un-targeted and wildly opportunistic shot raced harmlessly past into space.
“Where are all the fighters? Why are they not on standby?” Said Alor in amazement 
“They all have headaches,” muttered Alexi cryptically. “There,” he pointed to a distant point of light. “That’s either the Admiral Coyen or Thego-barr. Go straight for it “
“Ah,” nodded Alor his voice a laughing taunt. “Commander I expected something more entertaining than a standard crossfire evasion maneuver.”
“We have yet to hear from array number three.” Alexi said as a brilliant burst of orange light flashed by on their right, rocking them violently.
“That must be them,” Alor muttered checking the gravity belt, and remembering a briefing once attended on the chances of being hit while escaping from deep inside a shield. The statistic was less than encouraging. 
He also knew as all Corporation pilots did, that the triangles primary design was to create a wall in space against invasion, and to extend that area it was expected each part of the array would defend its own zone. Whichever admiral was firing on them while in warp they were on the limit of weapon range, but if the Warrior kept going, very soon they would arrive at the opposite array, and as a target that even the crossfire maneuver would prove meaningless. Suddenly the barrage stopped. “Here they come,” 
“And here we go,” said Alexi pointing the direction to Celia. 
Obviously Kale had, had the spacecraft running up for some time as, as the craft turned quickly as Celia hit the boosters performing an effortless corkscrew through a ninety-degree roll and straight towards the shield. 
“Alexi,” uttered Alor. “Truly; I am sorry that I complain of boredom, but to take us through the minefield?”
Alexi grinned. “Calm yourself friend, remember the Warrior is part of the Alliance fleet again. Once identified and accepted as such, the data banks were updated. We have the correct reply to the mines interrogation; at least we should have.”
They were under fire again. The closest heavy cruiser had begun to fire. The fearsome particle beams were narrower, but devastating in effect if they found their target. In response Celia seemed to be her most mischievous, treating the spacecraft as something between a roller coaster and a dodgem; in a display of unpredictable flying that if it had continued for long, would have made someone watching the rapidly changing view through the solar screen, throw up. 
“Mines,” called out Clouss sharply. “Were entering the minefield.
“I hope you were correct in your assumption Alexi.” Shouted back Alor leaning forward in the gun bay chair he had taken, and running up the ion charges. “They’re sending long-range fighters.” he called
‘Claries was right‘, Alexi thought. ‘The end of day would see if they still lived, but if he was to die, then here it should be’. “They’ll cut the cannon soon so they don’t make a hole in the minefield.”
“Celia, we need to target. Take it steady.” Alor called. “I take it the fighters will follow us through Alexi?”
“Almost certainly.”
Celia seemed almost disappointed to have to maintain somewhat of a steadier course to utilize their thrust, and for targeting. 
There was a shudder, and several loud thuds around the craft made the others look apprehensively at Alexi. “It’s okay. It’s not a mine…. I’ve closed the breach doors,” he said uneasily as another severe vibration shook the craft.
Clouss anxiously looked over the systems panel. “There is damage to section upper seven?”
“That’s okay we can do without that area.” Alexi said calmly
There was another even more violent shudder. “Midsec eight?”
“You don’t want me to tell you about that one,” muttered Alexi.
“Can you guys stop talking? I’m trying to fly us out of he……….”
“I don’t believe it,” said Alor cutting Celia off. “I had one of the fighters in the middle of my sight and it just blew up? Wait there’s another gone. What’s going on?”
Alexi looked up at the rear view screen. The fighters were close enough now that he could see that they were prelat5’s. Single seater interceptors, fast and quick to launch. He had no doubt they were to slow him down for the heavier Miracs that would be following.
As he watched another fighter mysteriously exploded. Now the tight formation wasn’t so tight anymore, and some were even going off at a tangent into space.
The action produced an amazing result. At the others side of the shield a spacecraft was emerging from cloaking. “Whoo hoo,” cried out Alor in a display of childish over enthusiasm. 
The spacecraft was fully de-cloaked now and powering up. Alexi recognized it as a Panther class, roughly the arcs equivalent to the Warrior. It came after them in a wide arc still firing, but now under fire like they were. 
Alexi instructed Celia to ease off a little giving the Panther time to get close so that they could lay down a more concentrated barrage between them.”
Now with a pair of heavily armed craft as their targets, the fighters were less effective and as more exploded they began to fall back. But the respite was short lived as the first of the Miracs were now arriving. There were three of them, a heavier class by far than either the Warrior or Panther. The fighters were around their reach limit and began peeling off leaving the field clear. It took no time before the Miracs began an unrelenting bombardment. 
“I think it’s time to go to light speed Alexi.” Called Alor from the gun bay.
Alexi shook his head. “One of the reasons why we didn’t want to lose Midsec eight.” 
Almost from the first the Warrior took a hit, then the Panther. Barely anytime later the Warrior took another, more serious strike. Smoke and sparks exploded from the gun bay showering Alor in white-hot shards. He released the belt and fell out of the seat his clothes smoking in a dozen places. Alexi went to his aid, but he shrugged him off. “Take the weapon,” he shouted.
Alexi looked at the smoldering console and ignored it, instead running for the emergency medical kit. “Get us out of here Celia,” he called urgently as he began to tend to Alor's blackened hands.
Outside they could see the Panther had come alongside so close that Celia dared not alter her course and instead just pushed the engines throttle control hard against its stops.
The Panther’s two weapon pods were pouring out an unceasing hail of fire, then suddenly a stream of white mist streamed out of the panthers rear. It began to fall away.
“His engines taken a hit,” called Clouss leaping out of his seat, he ran to an undamaged panel and activated the Warriors docking tractor, locking onto the stricken craft.
With their engines now powering two vessels the Miracs were gaining on them and peeling off: positioning each warship with an unobstructed field of fire. Alexi knew that whichever was the leader; he would be synchronizing all the weapons for the kill.
Alexi looked back at the minefield. ‘Well it looked as if the interrogation signal worked’ he mused noticing that there was a tightly packed group of stars up at eleven o’clock. It came to him that it was probably the Corporation fleet. 
‘How strange is life’, he thought, ‘of the hundreds of missions he had flown, he had always imagined dying under fire from Corporation fighters while fleeing to an Alliance fleet. And here they were about to enter Valhalla exactly the opposite way. He could see that the Panthers muzzle flashes had ceased. They could have run out of munitions, but in response to the withering barrage they had laid down, the guns could have just as easily burnt out.
They took another more massive hit. Celia uncharacteristically let out an expletive. It amused Alexi, picturing her pretty pouting lips utter bar room curses. He suddenly needed to go over to her for the last moments.
She looked back as he moved towards her. “Alexi,” she said holding out her hand behind her. He reached forward and she grasped at him tightly, almost painfully as if the action would hold them both together forever.  “There is something I have to tell you. I wanted to be sure… but you have a right to know…” She stopped mid-sentence in surprise. 
Before them the front screen came alive as at least one, and probably two squadrons of heavy interceptors swooped down in three almost continual waves. For a last moment fear surged as they saw each line break into a starburst formation. At any other time it would have been a pretty sight, reminiscent of the fireworks that had followed the downhill torch run on Wonderland… Alexi’s mind was suddenly aware that the firing against them had ceased, and that the Miracs were taking up defensive positions.
“Corporation,” he gasped belatedly recognizing the distinctive shape of their heavy fighters, as several of them flashed by. “They’re Corporation Interceptor threes,” he almost laughed. 
The two opposing forces flashed past each other before one, then another Mirac vanished in brief eruptions.
Outnumbered though not necessarily outgunned the remaining Mirac did not wait for the interceptors to turn and select new targets, and in a tight maneuver it turned tail and ran. The communications link came to life. “Alliance warship respond?”
“This is the Warrior.”
“Warrior the space you are entering has been declared under the control of the Carroll Corporation.”
“We seek sanctuary,” said Celia quickly.
“If you intend to cross this section at this time, you must submit to a Corporation escort. Do you comply?”
“Yes, we comply.” She replied
“Warrior under what protocol do you claim sanctuary?”
“We request armistice for an emissary from the Carroll Company arcs.”
There was a brief pause; they guessed the voice was conferring with his superior.
“Warrior your class is a designated an Alliance attack warship, confirm you carry an emissary?”
Celia spoke. “I am Celia Claire Carroll, emissary for my father, president of the Carroll Company.”
There was another pause. 
“Emissary you have in tow a spacecraft of unknown origin. Do you claim this craft under your truce?”
“I do,” she said.
“Warrior you are to power down your weapons, and engines; and submit to tow.”
She looked around the shattered cabin. “We have done already.”
There was a slight pause. “Warrior we have you under tractor.” There was a further brief pause then. “Welcome to the Carroll Corporation, emissary Carroll.”

As they were tractored in, it was Alor's turn to explain that the number seven group was similar in size and structure to the Alliance fleet, but their design of ships was markedly different.  The three ‘prisms’ were literally two triangles joined at their bases. As with the Alliance the progressively smaller decks were fringed with weapons, and in Corporation thinking this enabled guns from each hemisphere, so to speak, to be trained through a wide field.
They were being drawn to the ‘Allan Mather’, named after a legendary scientist who had developed a fusible tone meter, Alexi knew the Alliance used the same technology, but had no idea for what purpose. The Mather was number seven group’s flagship; that he did know.
Truce or not it was obvious that the Corporation was taking no chances and had a whole battery of cannon pointing straight at them. Though it was slightly reassuring how many apparently curious faces stood away from their firing positions, and stared unthreateningly out at them.
They landed on an open apron before a closed entrance. 

Once the panther was beside them a wide transparent cover unfolded from high above, telescoping out until it connected with the apron beyond where the spaceships stood. After a short while they were advised they could open the airlock. At the same time an entrance opened, and a group of people appeared.
Celia looked at Alexi. “How do I look?” she said anxiously. Her hair was disheveled, and her face smudged with carbon from the explosions inside the cabin. Her clothes though appropriate to the occasion, looked as if she had slept in them for several days, which in fact she had. She was shoe less, having discarded them in the run through the Prince Bernard.
He looked critically at her. “Beautiful.” He said, and he meant it.
There was no time for her to amend her appearance; the group was anxiously waiting for them to unfold the disembarkation ramp.
Celia drew in a deep breath. “Well here we go…” and went out. 
Alexi let her go first while he and Alor followed at a discrete distance. As they got to the top of the ramp, side by side Alexi felt a little jealous at how the group of obviously excited people at the foot of the ram had congregated around the woman. 
She looked back happy and smiling. Her raised eyes raised caught Alexi’s. Immediately he stepped forward as if in answer to a signal known only to them, but Alor grabbed his shoulder firmly. Alexi turned in surprise. Alor was shaking his head slowly. “Let her go.”
Alexis eyes darted back and forth the between the two faces
“Right now she is not your Celia,” said Alor softly. “She is Celia Carroll; and take two more steps forward, and you my friend are a war criminal.”
It was the last thing on his mind, and as Celia was whisked away he couldn’t have cared less about it. 
Several military people stood still as the others left. They rested easy and waited for Alexi and Alor to descend, but as they did another call echoed in their ears.
“Lieutenant?”
Alor spun instantly recognizing the voice. “Toria,” he shouted out laughing
Alexi saw others following and recognized them immediately as Alor's old crew. As Alor was smothered with hugs and back slaps the military men approached Alexi.
“Emissary Carroll informs us that you are Commander Alexi Davanoff. This Alliance warship’s commander?”
Alexi felt himself gulp. “I am.” He said clearly.
“Alexi Davanoff, I have to inform you that in a court of absentia you have been indicted and convicted of the war crime of massacre. The statutory penalty for this crime is death?”
Alexi wanted to make light of the moment, show his machismo, spit death in the face, but all that came out was, “Apparently so.” He was aware of jostling around him, and he was roughly pushed out of the way as Alor and his first officer shoved in front of him. Then Clouss and the others were there, creating a wall of flesh between him and the soldiers. 
Alor spoke his words hard and threatening. “You have the honor of addressing Lieutenant first class Alor Stronski of peacemaker fourteen squadron. My crew and I accept responsibility for this officer under article forty-seven; subsection three; paragraph eleven. Which as you will know, states that an enemy officer surrendering after aiding and assisting the purposes of the Corporation shall be awarded the right to a free and fair trial. If one be deemed necessary.”
The men looked back at Alor and his group in stunned silence until one found words. “The fact remains that a trial has already been held and a judgment give...” At that moment a man came out from where Celia’s group was entering the complex. He turned the officer away and spoke to him. Then he turned to Alexi. “It appears emissary Carroll was quite specific that all members of crew on both vessels be treated under her truce. We will respect that request. He glanced at Alor. “Lieutenant, I am told that you have stated that you are prepared to vouch for this Alliance officer. Is that correct?”
Alexi noted how Alor came to full attention in front of the man. “It is.”
“Then we provisionally release him into your care.” The man indicated towards a second entrance. “Quarters will be provided for you all to rest.”
“Come Alexi,” said Alor.
As they moved away Toria whispered past Alexi to Alor. “Paragraph eleven?”
“Just take my word for it.” He said softly with a broad grin.
Walking into the complex Alexi couldn’t place exactly what he was feeling, but it was a great emptiness, as if he had lost something very valuable. It must have showed as Alor spoke. 
“You must let her go; she has a great deal of work to do.” There was no reply as he looked in Alexi’s sad eyes. “Look at those men Alexi.” He gestured casually towards the soldiers following them. “They do not know you as I do. To them you are hated. What good will it do to Celia’s cause if it were known at this time that she consorts with a man under death sentence? She, your pretty little heiress has to negotiate with the greatest competitor the company has ever faced: itself. Do you think the bright, strong upstart son will willingly accept the old returned father? I think not. There will be intrigue, blood on the boardroom floor; all this, and you expect her to cement her feelings for you?”
Alexi allowed Alor’s tight group to march him away.

Time was short so instead of the accommodation offered they asked to go immediately to the command center. Fifteen minutes later a group of high-level officers listened dejectedly to what they all had to say
“…And I repeat,” said Alexi, as it stands the best that the Corporation can hope for is a reduction in casualties.
“What you are saying commander that we may as well pack up and go home?” Said one general.
“No what I am saying is that we have to fight where the Alliance are not expecting.”
“Commander we already know that, and the information you have given us only fills in the detail of what we already expect; primarily that is that we cannot penetrate their shield without devastating losses. So no matter how desperately we wish to cross that line, at this moment the arcs are lost to us?” 
“There could be a way,” said Alexi confidently. “And the key is on the Warrior.”

It seemed to Director Ellis that he had just closed his eyes; he glanced at the time. It had been nearly an hour.
“What?” He snapped grumpily into the communicator
“I’m sorry Director. I hope I didn’t wake you?”
“You did.”
“I thought you should now that the Corporations fleet has gone to offensive deploy “
“And?”
“It was thought after they had re positioned earlier, it could be significant.”
“What do the tacticians say?”
“They have not formed an opinion yet.”
“Well when they have one you can wake me up again.”
He switched the communicator off thinking how all he could find were sycophants. All had been done, they had even moved up the scheduled reprogramming on the mines after Davanoff had escaped with the emissaries. He lay back in the dark; soon they would drop out of warp, maybe then after the victory he could get an undisturbed rest. But rest wouldn’t come; he could not dispel the feeling that there was something so obviously wrong that he couldn’t see. 

Some time later the heavy cruisers of the Corporation began powering up to battle preparedness. As they moved out of the protective shell provided by the prisms, fighters by the hundreds poured out of launch bays like angry wasps from a hive.
The emptying hanger floors were already refilling with the third wave, as the prisms geared down their warp to almost stall as they followed their flock headlong towards the minefield 
Again the communicator screamed in Ellis’s ear. “What now.” He shouted 
“Director the shield is under attack.”
The Diverging
Alexi stood with a small group of strategists and their tactical team.
“As you know fighters, ferries and patrols synchronize their data on the warp to stay with the fleet, and that data is constantly being transmitted. When the Warrior was close enough it was recognized as an Alliance craft and everything relevant to the fleets functioning was automatically transferred into its navigation system; extract it and we can determine the precise period and frequency of the gravity wave.”
“Yes…. I see,” the technician mumbled. “With that information we can calculate an angular intercept.”
Alexi nodded. “Calculate the right angle to approach that will draw our period back to be out of phase with theirs…”
The technician couldn’t help finishing. “We cancel the shock-wave and place the scoop in front of the arks?”
Alexi said nothing as the group began to talk amongst themselves.
“Yes,” said another officer. “…But such a tactic would have to be extremely precise, both fleets will need to come out of warp at almost exactly the same time. Precision timing like that could be almost impossible to determine.”
“Accepted,” answered Alexi. “But the gravity wave they have created is enormously power hungry. It takes a significant amount power.” 
“As does ours.” The man answered.
“Warp can only be maintained as long as those combined power outputs are not used elsewhere, so if we were to attack they would have to respond or be vulnerable.”
“Yes, but having just barely come through their shield you should realize above all others that the minefield is an impenetrable barrier to our fleet?”
Alexi nodded. “And there you have the answer.”
The man stared at him for a moment and then began to grin. “I think I see where you are going.”
 
Alexi was alone, and brooding. He had expected to fly the Warrior, but he had been assigned to one of the strike fighters. It wasn’t explained but he believed that was so he would be unable to return to the Alliance and inform them of the Corporations intentions. Alor must have understood as he had wanted Alexi to be with them up till the combat began, but Alexi declined saying he wanted to rest; but rest was impossible and it was with great delight that on hearing a knock he had opened the door to face Celia.
“Commander. I have something to discuss with you.” She had said formally, almost barging by him, but once the door was closed the pretense, like their clothes fell away.

They lay together, Alexi holding her tightly; neither needing, nor wanting to speak for a long time. He wanted to savor the moments, but as time passed he knew he would have to go. Not wanting to say as much he broke the silence mischievously. “Being an emissary must agree with you.” He whispered teasingly. “I’m sure I didn’t have to reach so far to get my hand around you in bed last time?” He prepared to move, expecting a rain of playful blows, but she said nothing, instead gently taking his hand to hold it to close to her. For a moment he was concerned that he may have hurt her in their lovemaking as she held his hand slowly circling her abdomen, but her face bore a peaceful serene look.
“You don’t have to go?” She said sadly.
“I know,” he replied. “…But I have no real choice.”
“I could say I need you to return to the arcs,” she said hopefully.
“You could, but would you really want that?”
“Yes,” she said sulkily, knowing she couldn’t ask it of him. She looked up at him ready to tell him something she knew would keep him safe, but it was too important to be used as currency, or as a bribe.  “Alexi promise me you won’t be a hero.”
He smiled self-consciously. “I won’t.” He could see she was starting to cry.
“You have to mean it Alexi.” She whimpered.
He tried to show he was serious. “I promise I won’t be a hero.”
“Promise me that you will come back?”
Considering where he was going, it was a pledge made more in much hope, than conviction. “I promise that nothing will stop me from coming back.”
She settled her face back onto his chest. She didn’t look at him as she spoke. “I have been asked to join the board of the Corporation, as a vice president for the company.”
It was not something he had considered, and he wasn’t sure what to reply. “Oh.”
Celia waited a moment. “Is that all you have to say?” She said sadly.
He tried to gauge her feelings. “I’m pleased for you.”
“That’s not a great deal more encouraging.”
“I’m sorry, but what do you want me to say?”
“I want you to say what you think, what you feel.”
“I’m pleased for you. It’s what you wanted… what’s good for the company.”
Her voice was rising slightly. “Good for the company?”
“For the arc’s…. the people.”
“What about us. Is it good for us?”
“If you want to know what I really think.” He hesitated not wanting to admit he needed her there constantly. “Then I think I’ll see you even less than I do now.”
She seemed to relax. “Will that bother you?”
“Yes.”
“Just yes?”
“Okay,” he sighed, “It will bother me a great deal.”
She seemed pleased at the reply but also seemed to want more.
“I want to be with you all the time. There, is that what you want me to say?”
She spoke slowly. “You have known from when we met that my life is not entirely my own.”
“I know; you’re a Carroll.” He said adding. “You have to consider the company.” It was said slightly sharper than he intended.
She pulled away from him moodily. “What’s wrong with you Alexi? 
“What’s wrong with me? You asked me how I felt about us being apart and I told you.”
“It’s not of my choosing that I am part of a dynasty. Do you want me to give that up for you?”
Alexi wasn’t sure if she was serious, or whether it was a rhetorical question. His first thought was to say that he would for her, but he wasn’t her, and it was an unfair comparison. “No. I just don’t know why it has to be you and not David.”
“David?” she said incredulously.
“Yes.”
“Should my father put the fox in charge of the chickens? Alexi I love my brother dearly, but he is a soldier like you, to him diplomacy is offering an ultimatum.”
“And you wouldn’t?”
“No.”
“So telling me that you ‘are’ going to be a vice president is not an ultimatum?”
She shook her head. “This isn’t about me, it’s about you isn’t it?”
“Me?  How come the fault is mine?” He said evasively? 
Now she pulled completely away from him and sat on the edge of the bed with her back to him. “You have changed Alexi.” She said, her back still to him to hide her tears. “When we first met you were brash and defiant, you saw yourself a prisoner of war; I guess it was that rebellion that first attracted me. Then I found that the soldier was a gentle and caring man; a man I began to want to share my life with.”
Alexi rolled onto his side and reached across the touch her lower back, but she shrugged his contact away.
“But before my eyes you have metamorphosed again Alexi. I lost the soldier, and I fear I let the man you became slip by…” She sat stiff and upright. “I must go.” She said standing.
Alexi watched her naked back silently. He knew as she pulled the dress up around her that she was waiting for him to say something. It wasn’t that he didn’t want to, but his mind was so full of what he did want to say, that nothing seemed right. His desperation grew as she went to move, but all that came out of his mouth was a plaintive. “Celia.”
It may have seemed to her as a dismissal rather than the plea as it was meant to be, as she walked away, with a half sobbed. “Goodbye Alexi.”

“What is happening?” Demanded Ellis arriving in the control room still dressing.
“Their Heavy cruisers moved up rapidly to the edge of the minefield and dispatched in excess of forty squadrons of fighters to punch a hole through the field.”
“How far did they get?”
“How far…” The man hesitated nervously. “They got all the way through.”
“Through,” screamed Ellis. “How did they do that?”
“Somehow they deactivated the mines.”
“Impossible,” he snapped. “They need the...” Suddenly Ellis realized what had been troubling him. After the Warrior escaped the code was changed immediately. He had personally made sure that it had been done, but no one, including him, had remembered that to allow for patrols already out, the system allowed for the old code to run simultaneous with the new for a preset time. He looked at his timepiece. The lag still had time to run. “What is happening now?”
“The fighters have clustered around the breach protecting it as the heavy cruisers are threading their way through “
“Put in our heavy cruisers to hold them.”
“It has been done Director, but their cruisers are already far enough through to support the fighters.”
“Get me an observation ship, I will see for myself.”

Alexi was in the second wave still heading for the minefield. The estimated time from launch to engage was estimated at seventeen decca. Not an overlong time to get used to a new single-seater fighter, but it would have to suffice. That was if he could have concentrated anyway. 
His thoughts were in turmoil, and it wasn’t only the pre-combat charge of Adrenalin that was causing his mind the jump from one thing to another. 
As they prepared to fly Alor had let slip that Celia had been furious at David when he requested to ‘do battle against the enemy’, and had frantically tried to use what little influence her emissary status carried. It was in vain as she was reminded that as a free citizen he had the choice or not, and that as he had deferred preferential standing any extra pilot would be welcomed. As it was David had been given temporary command of Alor’s old squadron, Alexi didn’t ask how Alor felt about that.
Alor went on to say how Celia’s anger had turned to desperation when David had refused to deny Alexi’s offer to join the squadron as a mercenary. Maybe it was a selfish and irrational decision. He knew it was no use explaining, she would never understand ‘that he had to’ was a reason why. He had sent a note telling her that whatever happened that he loved her. 
Up ahead, through the canopy, he could see explosions. He knew a great many would be mines detonated by weapon fire. They were still dangerous, only the magnetic attraction had been countered, and they could pose a threat to the large vessel’s that would follow. 
His hope had been that he could emerge from the breach in the field and keep to the periphery while he mastered the tiny spacecraft. It was much more agile than the Warrior, but with punier weapons it needed a new approach to combat. The idea had not lasted long when David selected him to fly as his wing man alongside Alor. 
A mine suddenly appeared on his sensors and he dispatched it with a single shot. Though it compared to shooting targets at a Wonderland sideshow stall, it was a satisfying feeling knowing he could at least hit something stationary. Nor was it too soon, another ten parts and he would be in the middle of it. 
Alexi stretched and twisted his fingers warming the joints. He glanced back at an explosion flash. The closest prism was entering the minefield and had brushed against an un-cleared mine. 
There was another detonation, and then Alexi saw more mine’s close by him. It took two shots this time before he saw one away. He left the others for the rest of the squadron behind as he checked the chronometer. There were twenty-seven decca left before the mines lag time elapsed. He hoped and prayed they had cleared a big enough field. 
Suddenly they were through. David was calling the squadron to follow, as he swung hard to the upper left to extend the breakout as they had been ordered. He tensed as ahead Alliance fighters came towards them. A heads up message activated indicating the heavy cruiser David wanted them to target.
In the Warrior Alexi had always flown in like an avenging angel but in the fighters, attacks were brief and brutal skirmishes. Race in do as much damage as possible then retreat to look for another opening. It seemed they had been fighting for ages, as he nervously fingered the discharge button as they bore down once more onto the crippled heavy cruiser.
It was obviously in trouble. It was reduced to half power. Alexi knew that as they had almost blown an engine nacelle off. Slowed down it had taken a heavy beating, but the output from the large cannon it carried was undiminished. 
Another squadron of Corporation fighters swarmed it like flies around rotten meat trying to penetrate its defenses. Many paying the ultimate price for coming too close. Several Miracs had now begun arriving to drive off the annoying creatures so that the cruiser could concentrate on closing the breach. Alexi followed David as he headed directly for one of the Miracs.

Ellis’s craft stood well off but close enough that he could see several holes had been punched through the minefield, and that Corporation fighters were now engaging Alliance craft in dogfights completely through the shield. He wondered if this was recent of if they had been afraid to tell him. It was worse than he had thought. Even though it was almost suicidal the Corporation had thrown in everything that could fly to drive home the attack.  Two corporation cruisers were dead; at least one Alliance Mirac was on fire, and by the pounding another was taking that would soon be too. The arrays were engaging, but in the melee there was far too great a chance of friendly fire, and the prisms were almost close enough now to take the offensive. Besides that they had begun to draw off the Alliance cruisers. If all that wasn’t enough they were discharging even more fighters. 
“Damn them,” he spat out the words as looked at his chronograph. He needed full power to the arrays guns before the prisms got any closer. “I need more time,” he said aloud. “That’s all I need.” It was too early, but it would have to do. He picked up his communicator “Bring us out of Warp. Now,” he demanded.

The first Alexi knew was that all around him the starbed suddenly stopped moving. Moments before the stars had crept slowly across space, but now nothing moved. It was as if the galaxy had come to a halt.
Suddenly the arrays blazed with renewed vigor as muzzle flash sparkled their entire length and breadth. Nobody needed telling the cannons had gone to full power.
There were whoops of excitement on the intercom as the realization went out that they had come out of warp. Alexi looked into the rear-view screen. In the fractional difference between each fleet dropping out, the prisms had thrust deep into minefield. Their own cannon were ablaze: he checked the time; it was almost up.

Paul had not left the crisis room since the Warrior had fled the arcs, briefly he had retired for fitful sleep in one of the tiny apartments close by for serving senior staff, but he would not leave now until it was over. Until it was over, the words seemed to throb in his mind. Could it ever be over if what they had told him was true. Everything he and those before him had cherished was about to collapse around them.  
He looked again at the new ‘star’ that had appeared. Unlike the others this twinkled as if viewed through an atmosphere. It was an optical illusion; and he knew the pulsing was the result of thousands of tiny eruptions merging together.
There was nothing more he could do. The hastily practiced scenarios would have to suffice. They had re-armed as much as they could in the time. All the emergency evacuation clearances had been given to each arc including the non-aligned. 
His mind went to Rhea; he had sent her to one of the non-aligned arcs with the exodus of non-combatants. He pictured her face and smiled. The woman had filled a gap in his life, left empty since his wife died, and now not having her or the children for support he felt utterly alone. Still at death we were always alone… Suddenly the arc shuddered. It was a feeling unlike any other he had ever experienced. The floor seemed to be lifting and he grabbed for support as it now began to roll as well. In normal times movement was imperceptible, and he would have felt nothing, but the massive structure was now lifting faster than it ever had, or been designed for.
Panic was breaking out as he stumbled to the observation dome. He saw the leading arc of the adjacent line was rising up frighteningly, and the ones behind were looking unstable. He was being called by one of the majors.
“Fighters are coming out of the federation arcs.”
Paul looked in desperation as the fourth row of arcs began to stand almost on end. “Sound the general alarm; launch any of our craft that we can.”

Alexi had an advantage that no others in the Corporation fleet had. He had known and spoken to Mirac pilots. In casual banter they joked about a small area of decking on the cruisers that was used for accessing and replacing the engines, and even though split in two it was still too bulky to fully armour. ‘A detonation in the engine bay through there?’ they would joke ‘would leave the ship dead and its weapons powerless’. “Red Squadron Leader from red-fourteen,” he said into the communicator.
“Go ahead red-fourteen,” answered David.
“There could be a weak spot in the assault craft. I would like to attempt a strike.”
“Negative red-fourteen stay with me.”
Whatever objections he had were immediately forgotten. He was a pilot and he had received an order. Reluctantly he closed up tightly on David’s fighter. 
The Miracs gunners soon realized David’s squadron were going to attempt another strafing run and concentrated shooting in their direction. 
“Red-fourteen, cannon to the left of the bridge. Red fifteen cannon to the right.” Said David coolly.
They knew that left him the bridge itself. It was reckless move, to simultaneously target across command and communications area. If successful it stood a good chance of disabling the craft, but it was also one of the most armored parts. Alexi cynically thought it a show of bravado. 
Alor was moving up placing him besides Alexi ready to strike at the cannons just in front of David’s run. The supporting Alliance fighters peeled off as they got close to the Miracs to draw their fire. Seconds later the three were targeted by a cruisers cannon. Alexi quickly counted up to twenty guns were converging on them. The space around him was alive from the cannon, but he held his fire, knowing their own weapons were totally ineffective unless very close. 
Agitatedly he brushed his finger on the discharge button again, as the emplacement zoomed larger in the cross hair. It was at moments like this that time seemed to stand still; he had always wondered what it was that the Adrenalin did to you. First you were excited, then terrified, but as you passed the limit of no return a certain calmness took over. Fate had already marked your name hero or dead, only moments ahead would show which it was… Then there was the explosion of action. Alexi pressed his finger hard on the discharge Streams of deadly fire poured out of his weapons then the emplacement shot beneath him and he peeled off into space, looking quickly at the rear view screen. There were violent explosions erupting around his and Alor's target areas. A wild rush raced through his body and he let out a whoop before he noticed David’s fighter, bringing up the rear was still firing, and still on its run. 
“Red leader…”It was all he could say to tell or warn David before the man’s fighter plowed straight into the bridge of the Mirac. 
There was a smaller explosion than Alexi had expected, but some way behind the bridge panels began to fall off as the hull began to breach. Alexi was stunned. He couldn’t believe that David just flew straight into the target.
There was a blast close by that shook his teeth in his mouth. The Miracs wanted revenge.

The front half of the arcs were being scattered in every direction, and had only been able to launch several hundred fighters.  The mid-section was in some semblance of order but was moving out of the close packed lines into their preset disaster formations. The rear half of the arcs, including most of the rebel arcs were least affected and were grouping in a defensive position behind a wall of fighters.
Ominously there had been no replies to their demands that the federation fighters return to their bases; but neither had the fighters commenced hostilities against the company, as he had expected. Paul was reluctant to give the order for any attack on the federation arcs. It wasn’t until communications from one of the non-aligned arcs went down that he realized he had misjudged. Instead of taking on the Company arcs the federation was concentrating on the most economically important non-aligned arcs. Signals began coming in saying boarding parties were storming them. “Get more fighters up.” He belatedly ordered. “Form an exclusion zone.” All he could do was watch anxiously as their own assault troop carriers raced to discharge company soldiers against the federation. He shook his head in disbelief. “So it begins.”

Ellis checked for the umpteenth time. The time was up, ‘damn it, it should be’. He growled.
One prism was through the field, a second about to, and the third not far behind. He cursed the strategists for not building the scenario. The moves had obviously been planned to draw the Alliance out of warp. It was also obvious now that the Corporation were forming into an offensive grouping. ‘Damn the strategists’, he swore again looking back at his own force. As flagship the Prince Bernard had been a prize first target; it was now under fire from the two front prisms, and was beginning to show the strain. 
The Alliance had lost four heavy cruisers and the five remaining Corporations ones had all crossed the minefield and were holding the other Alliance arrays.
As he watched there was a brilliant flash of light from the Prince Bernard. It was fighting bravely but already he could see gaps in its defense. There was another massive explosion. He could tell from the colour that it was serious; everything seemed to happen rapidly from then. It was unthinkable, but the array was on fire. Brightly coloured flames, fed by oxygen and volatile gases burnt from more places than he could count, but the sight did not last long as, as the gas was consumed, the burning ceased. It took what seemed like moments before the Bernard had ceased firing and was a burnt out hulk.
Ellis’s ranting and raving in anger was only quelled when he saw tiny explosions begin to cover the rear most prism 

Paul had, had only a few calls for assistance from non-aligned arcs, whether that was because they didn’t want any, or because they couldn’t ask he didn’t know, but as the minutes ticked by it became ever more obvious that the federation were ignoring Company arcs and trying to secure as many non-aligned as they could.
Then the unthinkable happened. Arc twenty-nine was a major recycling plant, serving as a repository of waste, and producer of raw product. Valuable to both factions it had been declared non-aligned, but now it was under attack. 
Paul’s choices were clear though frightening, the loss of twenty-nine would cause great hardship; it could not be given up. He gave the order for an all-out attack on the federation.

The jubilation at the arrays demise lifted spirits throughout the Corporation fleet, but it was as speedily doused, as the ‘Peter Peret’ became victim to the minefield. 
In the quick looks that Alexi was able to take, the sight reminded him of a tree covered in small flickering lights that he had seen in a Wonderland shop.
The loss of both an array and a prism had an almost immediate effect on the battle, with the remaining two battle platforms on each side withdrawing to provide support for their heavy cruisers. It was as if some all-powerful adjudicator changed the form of battle from a single all out confrontation, to become two fighting zones.

After David's death Alor had taken command. Soon the battle degenerated in to skirmishing and now into almost a standoff. Both sides had lost craft, and others were on the verge of running out of armaments when Alexi's communicator cracked into life. 
“Peacemaker squadrons. Pull back...”
Moments later Alor's voice echoed through the intercom, “Red Team pull back, we're going home.”
There was no arguing from the flyers. The battle had been intense both physically and mentally. For a rookie, at least in a single seat fighter, Alexi felt he had done his share; he had, had a part in destroying three enemy fighters, damaging two others and dealt substantial hits on two cruisers.
They turned away, their guard momentarily down, when a group of Alliance spacecraft swooped on them. 
It was so fast and unexpected that a fighter up ahead of Alexi just seemed to explode. Stunned, Alexi was still trying to comprehend what had happened when he felt a massive impact. Sparks erupted from the systems panel. Immediately his instruments went dead and the flight controls refused to respond. He spun erratically out from the formation, desperately trying to regain some control of the stricken craft. There were two, maybe three separate warning buzzers sounding; one was life support.
The remains of his fighter were rapidly tumbling, but he could see that emboldened by their success the Alliance craft were in a hard turn to position for a second attack.
He watched helplessly as red team seemed to plunge down below him, and the Alliance hit a second time. He swore into his communicator as he fought to bring the fighter back under control, but it was no use. He thumped the side shield, swearing repeatedly as he saw an Alliance fighter coming his way while taking a wide turn to fall down on red team from above. Luck or skill galvanized him as he quickly calculated the turn. His finger grabbed the discharge button as the craft zoomed back and crossed just off center of Alexi's spiraling gun sight. He had an instant of time for one volley as the fighter came side on. Alexi saw it clearly and took his shot. The fighter disappeared in a fiery ball of erupting fuel.
As his wounded craft began another roll, and the sight moved to the right of his canopy, Alexi was frozen. His finger still rested on the discharge button and his horrified face stared aimlessly into space still seeing the now destroyed lettering. It was as his finger had pressed down that he had seen, and read the pilots stenciled name below the cockpit, Seiralc.
His mind vividly remembered that they had sat around the mess table and talked lightly about childhood. She had been a little embarrassed as she had told them that from her first sight of a fighter she had sworn to her parents that one day she would have her own command and name it Seiralc. Her name reversed. He had just killed Claries. 
Alexi was as oblivious to the desperate calls from Alor and of the rest of his flight as they circled trying to make contact, as he was to the emergency life support systems activating. He saw nothing only the bright new lettering through his sightless tear soaked eyes as the doomed craft spun off into the minefield.
Even after it became too dangerous to follow Alor had wanted to, but even he was forced to veer away in despair, unwillingly assuming that the shattered and un-responding craft was now lifeless.

Paul was unsure why the federation had stopped their advance. They had, had the upper hand and seemed ready and able to advance further. Then for no apparent reason they had fallen back to consolidate.
But there was little celebration; the thing he dreaded had already begun. Much of the fleet had been taken, and the federation had begun shepherding their newly acquired empire onto a new course.
The company had been unable to launch over half their fighters, and could not match the ferocity or numbers the federation had thrown against them.
Disastrously they had lost twenty-nine, thirty-one and fourteen, major industrial complexes and protein supply. The company fleet now numbered only twenty-two arcs 
He looked up into the sky. The new star had gone. 
Ancient beliefs of his people told how a new star in the heavens had forecast the coming of a new order, but it had brought persecution and strife instead. He prayed that history didn’t always repeat itself.

The losses were significant on both sides, and not only did the battle represent a major military blow to each, it also represented a loss of warp. With just two platforms each, both sides were destined to remain with the arcs for months or years until the missing platforms could be rebuilt. Both forces backed off to fight another day. 
Recovery teams swept the battle site under a truce, though both avoided the minefield. Neither located the shattered fighter before it slipped deep into the hole created by the ‘Peter Peret’, but if they would have, they would have found that the life support had gone to cryogenic mode. 
Automatically, gasses were pumped into the cockpit to coagulate blood issuing from any wounds. With the slightest breathing they would be inhaled to penetrate the lungs and organs, to slow the heartbeat to a virtual standstill. In this state the pilot was as good as embalmed, the craft would cool and the remains would be protected in the deep-freeze of space.
Tests had predicted survival after many months of suspension; of course that was assuming a rescue was still under way. For Alexi there was no such thing, he was assumed lost. 
The same thing could not be said for what remained of his fighter. In war there are always those who profit, and one of these men was a non-aligned entrepreneur by the name of Albert J. Sneed. 
In the previous days of the arcs, Sneed had, had a very small demolition business. He would tender to remove damaged and obsolete pods and fittings from the outside of the arcs, and made a small but livable profit selling them onto the recyclers in arc twenty-nine. In the aftermath of the conflict Sneed saw a ‘killing’. 
The debris field had the same inertia as the fleets, and during the months that followed the battle it was only gradually left behind. Albert negotiated with the Alliance to get access to their obsolete mine codes, and from then on his tiny fleet of one was busier than ever before, collecting the smaller bits of wreckage. 
With the exception of unexploded mines he was well on his way having finished the job when he came across part of a badly damaged Company fighter. Gleefully adding the piece to his ‘magnetic hold’ he was almost disappointed to detect life signs aboard. It was a major hindrance and for a moment he considered forgetting he had, but to his credit Albert was just a greedy man, not a heartless one.
He brought the wreckage into the disassembly bay, where he worked between contracts, recycling on his own behalf, and removed the canopy. 
A man not adverse to the peculiar odors in his trade, he had still reeled slightly as the gasses vented, and he leaned inside to inspect the pilot. The man seemed uninjured; at least not seriously, and after he had forced a small oxygen tube between the visor and chin guard Albert tapped the helmet.
Alexi slowly opened his eyes to a sight he had not expected. Impossibly he seemed to be in a wrecking yard, and a man of advanced years was staring at him peculiarly.
“Don’t talk,” said the man, sounding muffled. “Deep breaths to get that stuff outa your lungs.”
Alexi did and immediately felt a wave of nausea sweep over him. He threw his face forward and vomited over the floor of the cockpit
“Thanks a lot,” muttered Albert. “That’s not the reward I expected for being a Samaritan.”
“Sorry.” Said Alexi groggily, lifting his head. “I couldn’t…” but he did it again.
Albert turned away. “When you’re finished messing up my income, I’m through there,” he pointed to a hatchway and walked off.

Sometime later after struggling out of the wreck Alexi found him stripping a condenser. “I don’t feel well.” He said woozily. 
“It’s the gas residues,” said Albert looking up. “Lay over there,” he pointed to a cot partially hidden behind pieces of scrap metal. “You’ll feel better soon enough.”

It was much later that Alexi was able to stand again. “Where am I?”
“You’re on the Pretty Polly.”
“The what?”
“You still got mucus in your ears? The Pretty Polly.”
“Where are we?”
“Right now sector L-thirty-two of the minefield.”
“We’re still in the minefield?” said Alexi anxiously.
“Don’t panic,” said Albert nonchalantly. “I’ve permission.”
“You’re an Alliance vessel?”
“No. I just work for the Alliance.”
“Oh.” Alexi was confused, his mind still too fuzzy to work out what the man meant.
“So your next question is; what are you going to do with me?” Said Albert.
“Something like that.”
“Well….”Albert fingered his chin thoughtfully. “You put me in a bit of a quandary. Why would a man wearing the insignia of a colonel of the Alliance be in a Corporation fighter?”
“It must seem strange.” Replied Alexi slowly.
“It does, and you know what jumps to my mind colonel? Is that you’re a spy?”
Alexi looked towards the doorway to the control cabin.
“No colonel there’s nobody else on board but me, and whatever is going through your mind forget it. Your reactions will be running a half speed, so I’ll have no trouble sending you back to sleep for a lot longer than you have been.”
Alexi raised his hands. “I kinda guessed something along those lines.”
“Yea well just you remember.”
“So what is the Pretty Polly?”
“Me an’ Polly are collecting all those pieces of scrap you military sorts have left floating about.”
“Scrap?”
“Yea scrap, and old Polly here may look a dump but she’s my ship and a damn fine one at that.”
Alexi relaxed “So then…”
“Albert.”
“So then Albert what are you going to do with me?”
“Well I don’t really have much choice. When we get back to arc twenty-nine I’ll have to hand you over to the alliance militia.”
It was to be expected but somehow it seemed a shock. “The Alliance are aboard the arcs?”
Albert saw his expression and smiled. “Confusing ain’t it? Yea I’m goin’t the alliance on the arcs. Leastways that what the Federation are now calling themselves.”
Alexi nodded. “And if I wanted to be dropped off at a company facility?”
“Then don’t get too stressed. I hear they are talking about a prisoner swap, so you’ll likely get back to the company real soon. That is of course unless you’re interested in going straight to the Alliance? If I call and say I have rescued one of their colonel’s, I expect they will send a shuttle for you.” Sneed looked at him half curious and half amused. “So then colonel what is it to be?”
Alexi raised his hands in a gesture of surrender. “What’s the food like in an alliance prisoner of war camp?”
“Worse than mine,” grinned Albert.

In Albert’s mind he considered finding Alexi an irritation, it was something unwelcome, but not sufficiently so that he was prepared to return to twenty-nine with less than an overflowing load. 
He also refused to allow Alexi to contact Celia and reassure her, saying that if a directed transmission to the company were traced back to the ‘Polly’ it would harm his agreement with the Alliance. Alexi wasn’t in a position to argue, and as it was likely that everyone had already come to terms with him being dead there was no urgent need to change that. Not being able to talk to her he dwelt on their last hours. Something had gone wrong with their relationship; she had drawn away, become less communicative. 
Had she been testing him? Or was that the beginning of the fading? He bitterly regretted not asking her to become his partner, or what did they call it on the arcs, his wife. But how could he, as Alor had said he was the enemy, a soldier with nothing to offer her. Rich girl, poor man, things like that only happened in fantasy. 
He pondered on that for a long time. Had she realized? Was that what she had meant saying it was his fault. He regretted nothing other than not telling her of his feelings; it didn’t matter now as his apparent death had probably forced her to move on. 
Maybe it was for the best. She would have grieved for him, but by now duty would have called. She was not the kind of person to ignore it. She was a vice president, in time her wounds would heal and she would meet a suitor more suitable to Paul’s liking. He hoped she would find someone unlike him who could actually make a relationship work. It was not a pleasant thought, but this wasn’t a fairy tale; this was how things worked in real life.

After a few days Alexi realized his enforced rest was making him morose, and he complained to Albert of boredom, the man suggested he assist in the disassembly bay. It began as a way of passing the time but he soon learned that hard manual work in some ways is very therapeutic.
Albert’s attitude was casual to say the least, both in the work and living areas, almost to the point that Alexi was not sure which was which. The same could be said for their clothes, and soon the smart colonel’s uniform was stained and torn, and the one positive thing that could be said about the odors that the demolition produced was that they masked the acute shortage of wash points.  
By the end of the first week Alexi quickly learned that clothes and appearance did not make the man, and they spent hour after hour on the work floor ignoring alignments or clearances, just using brute force while in deep and friendly conversation.
“So they have totally split?” Said Alexi despondently. It was futile to have thought he could have prevented it, but it was still disappointing.
“Around a light day apart. Close enough to watch each other but far enough away from each other’s influence.” Replied Albert
“And it’s the same within allegiances?”
“Kind of. The Corporation and the company are still separate but the Alliance has great influence over the alliance.”
“This is madness you know.”
“Speak for yourself colonel,” grinned Albert. “I have never had it so good.”
Alexi threw several pieces of equipment down a chute. “And neither can get back to where they came from?”
“Apparently not. Rumor on twenty-nine is that it could be two years before the Alliance get The Prince Bernard back, and they should know, all the essential equipment was moved off for evaluation and storage there. Even at that nobody is willing to make any wager it will still be capable of generating this gravity changing stuff.”
“And the Corporation up to a year longer?”
“Well that’s the rumor. Mind it’s from twenty-nine again, so I don’t know how much is propaganda, but considering the alliance has eighty percent of the recycling capacity it could be right.”
“Then what?”
“Who knows? I expect they will zip off to wherever they came from. It’s not right to my mind. Changing the order of things like that.”
“Alexi actually saw humor in the man’s remark. “It’s a bit late for that isn’t it; I mean things changed the moment the fleets arrived.”
“You recon. Now who’s to say that this isn’t the way it all happened?”
Alexi was ready to laugh but Albert looked serious. “That’s impossible. It would mean that the arcs never actually made it to the systems before they were taken there,” countered Alexi; the logic seemed irrefutable.
“Why not? Why couldn’t it have happened just like that?” Replied Albert totally unruffled.
“Well I... I can’t explain why not. It just couldn’t happen. It couldn’t.” Alexi was lost for words of explanation, or even a sensible theory to support them.
“Can’t happen.” Albert chuckled. “Now me I’m just old Albert J. Sneed. I ain’t had no education so to speak, like you. My dad needed help long before I understood all that laws of physics garbage. And I’ll tell you what he was right. Didn’t mean much to me knowing that something can be in two places at once, so tell me is that logical?”  Albert paused for effect but spoke again without expecting a reply. “Or tell me the logic to explain how something can be a wave and a particle at the same time? Or why something infinitely fast...”
“Okay, okay. I get your point. There are lots of things in the universe that are beyond logical comprehension.”
Albert picked up a handful of tubes and cables. “Like I said we don’t know shit.”
“No Albert, I can tell you that since I’ve been here, I’ve known plenty of that.”
They roared in mutual laughter. 
Alexi continued the talk as they settled down to work again. “So what happens to the Corporation fleet if the Alliance achieves full wave generation?”
Albert looked at him from the corner of his eye. “Are we still on logic and unlogic, or are we onto crystal balls now?”
“I just thought you might have heard?”
“Nope. Far as folks I talked to on the comm., the story is that when the Alliance turn up with the arcs and declare themselves the legitimate ancestors of both sides it will lead to such internal division within the Corporation that it will collapse and fall into the Alliance camp.”
It sounded far too simplistic to Alexi. “And you think that’s what will happen?”
“There you go again. Now where did I put that dammed crystal ball? Think for yourself, if a long dead messiah arose from the dead, what would you think?”
“So the Corporation would arrive a year later to find it’s too late?”
“Guess so?”
“There’s no chance they could catch up?”
“The way you carry on makes me ask myself why would an obviously clever man like you keep asking these dammed fool questions?”
“I could be curious?”
“Or you could have it in mind do something?”
“On my own! How could I damage a forty-klick hunk of metal?”
“The point is what are you prepared to do if you could?”
“Pretty much anything.” Said Alexi seriously.
“An Alliance colonel who wants to destroy the alliance. Now there’s a contradiction if I’ve ever heard one.”
“I don’t want to destroy anyone Albert; I want to bring them all together.”
“That’s even stranger colonel, as hard as believing that old Albert has re-educated you to his way of thinking.”
Alexi smiled, as they both went quietly back to work.  
After a short while Albert spoke. “Actually…” He said casually. “There could be a way.”
Alexi spun a little too fast to face him.
“Ahh I see you’re interested, but let me tell you colonel I don’t want to give my business up. I like my life and I’m used to being my own boss, so any partnership I get into has to increase my assets, so to speak?”
“I can’t see any problem in that,” said Alexi conspiratorially. 
“Then tell me colonel what do you know about nuclear reactions?”
A Second Beginning 
As the Pretty Polly got closer Alexi stared out, counting that around forty arcs were now part of the opposing force. Albert pointed out twenty-nine; an indication of its importance showed by the arc nestling well within the alliance grouping.
Alexi suddenly recognized it, remembering it was where the pig was based, but he had never referred to it as twenty-nine, rather as the junkyard.
“You ready?” Albert said gravely.
Alexi wasn’t, but he nodded and turned his face away from the charred barrel.

“Standby for assessment “
Albert waited nervously as the sensor curtain slowly emerged from the bulkhead, and like a hazy green fog moved slowly across the work area. He had never felt comfortable as arc twenty-nine’s sensors scanned his cargo for type, volume and quality: this time he was even less so.
The voice erupted from the communicator with a puzzled tone. “The scan indicates you have another person on board?”
“Oh yea. That’s right. I recovered a life pod from the minefield, with a live one in it.”
“What is the medical status?”
“Serious burns. Don’t know about anything else?”
“One of ours or theirs?”
It irked him how he had become one of ours. “Alliance.”
“Rank?”
“Didn’t see any insignia.”
“Identification?”
“None.”
“Sex?”
“Male.”
There was a moment’s pause
“Supply the identification codes for the pod.”
“They’re missing, the pod was badly damaged, but it was from a Mirac, I know the type.”
“You have no such pod in your salvage.”
Albert gritted his teeth in frustration, not only had he had to jettison the evidence, and loose the scrap, now he was getting a third degree interrogation. “It had become entangled with a mine… I had reason to think it was contaminated… with fissionable material.” He said quickly, immediately regretting such a weak explanation. “Look I’m not a munitions expert. I recycle. … I was worried about an explosion on my ship and decided I didn’t need any scrap that desperately… If you want it back that bad I can give you the co-ord’s.”
The voice ignored the remark. “But you recovered the crewman?”
“Only because I couldn’t just abandon him.”
There was another short pause.
“How badly is the crewman injured?”  
“Like I said, I’m not sure. His pod had been on fire. Lots of burns, but I guessed he stood a chance at living; so I placed him in a stasis unit out of my way.”
There was a further wait
“You’re credits have been processed and the statement of amounts delivered has been recorded. Confirm and deliver to recycling bay eleven-C, then dock at port fourteen-C so that we can retrieve the crewman.”
Albert wanted to say he’d prefer to drop Alexi off at the same location as the scrap but decided not to push his luck.

Albert watched trying to look uninterested as Alexi was removed from stasis. He didn’t look well, or respectable. But then again he wouldn’t have, having survived a fire that burnt off his clothes, and most of the flesh and hair on the front of his body. 
Albert winced; even thinking of the discharge from the carbonizer that he had blasted the man with was painful; though now it did look a bit funny that the only place saved from the flame was a small area around Alexi’s groin. Albert knew from past experience that men’s reflexes at desperate times cover the body parts they fear losing most.
Soon the man would be on his way to being as good as new, though the hair would take time to grow back onto the new flesh. Well in theory it would, though considering what he planned to do it was doubtful he would live that long. Albert shook his head, he may have got on to twenty-nine but his chances of getting off were very slim. 
The paramedics had Alexi on a gurney. They smiled cheerfully at Albert. He smiled back and bade them farewell as they guided the stretcher to the port. 
As he watched the medical team disappear into twenty-nine, he still couldn’t believe any person would be desperate, or courageous enough to go through what he had just to get aboard the arc. Still in the last few weeks on the Pretty Polly, he had come to realize the Alliance colonel was not entirely the man he seemed

Alexi’s oblivion was not quite total, he vaguely remembered being taken from the life support and that the pain was intense; then the medics had rendered him unconscious.
Now, two days later he felt almost fine. His throat was still unpleasantly tight. The reason, his nurse told him too graphically, was that he had inhaled scorching air while screaming. He didn’t remember calling out, and he felt a little embarrassed thinking that he had, but in the circumstance decided he could excuse himself for that. Strangely enough the worst part had been the thought of going into stasis; it was revolting thinking of having that slime form inside his lungs for a second time. True neither would he want to look down the barrel of Albert’s carbonizer again anytime soon, but he had known that reconstructive surgery would repair his flesh close to a hundred percent. Mostly he was everlastingly thankful that Albert had been true to his word and after the scorching hot blast turned Alexi’s world to agony, he had stunned him. Alexi lifted the sheet again and looked down at his very pink, hairless, well almost hairless body. 
He smiled to himself, thinking again on how he had, had some radical ideas, but none as crazy as this, maybe he really had lost his mind. He let the crisp sheets settle back and looked again at the back of his hands. They were broad, and neither delicate nor rough, though that was hard to tell now, as the layers of flesh grown from his own cells were still uneven and crimped. The undulations would disappear as the week he was forced to stay in a hyperbaric environment passed. Then he would walk away from burns that untreated would have been fatal; non-the worse for wear, well almost. Albert had done a very thorough burn at the implant location, so that area could take a while to fully heal. His condition had the relative advantage that not being able to talk easily; he wouldn’t be asked to explain the absence of any identification. The thought suddenly sent a cold shiver of dread down his spine. Quickly he lifted the covers and pulled his leg towards him. An area of new flesh had replaced the tracer. His heart rate only eased a little. He had become so used to the imposition that it had slipped from his mind. The medics couldn’t have helped but see it, and with no other identification they would have tried to locate its source. It seemed so obvious now that as a matter of course they would search for something so that they could access medical records. He cursed himself for having forgotten and hoped upon hope that Albert had gouged it out before he had delivered him to the medics. He hoped too that one disoriented and confused crewman would be unlikely to demand great attention. Now raised, his concerned mind raced to wondering if they had found any charred fabric melted into the damaged flesh, that would betray its origin. Albert had doubted they would examine the material to that extent, he hoped he was right. The consolation was that there had not been a guard by his bed as he woke. His mind, now pessimistic wandered to another problem. Would he be shipped out straight away to a medical facility on one of the arrays, but again Albert seemed quite familiar with the procedures. Even so the whole idea was beginning to play out like less than a good idea. 
Ten days after being brought onto arc twenty-nine Alexi was released from the medical facility. While awaiting reassignment he reported for temporary duty as a propulsion engineer.
The choice of occupation was even more risky than standing in front of a carbonator, as he knew next to nothing about propulsion engineering, but it placed him in the bowels of the arc where the plasma was produced. Here close to the rear end of the arc the extremely hot gas was stripped of electrons.
In normal times the engines would be on a steady, low power, but the shock wave had changed the status quo, and like the entire first half of the convoy twenty-nine had been brought to a virtual standstill. Now instead of only the gentle breath once needed for cruising through the vacuum of space, they were on close to maximum power, to return back to that original velocity.
Alexi knocked.
“Come,” was the sharp, blunt reply.
He pushed on the door and entered into the small office.
A slightly overweight, middle-aged man looked up at him.
“Abbot. Alexi; awaiting repatriation to the fleet: Sir.”
The supervisor looked at him disapprovingly. “Not much information about you here crewman?”
Something in the man attitude made Alexi want to point out his rank was above crewman, until he suddenly recognized it was his old self. Those days were gone and he decided if the man wanted to pull rank then it said more about his ego than him. “No lieutenant.”
“You’re implant is all garbled?”
“The medics said something about an electromagnetic wipe?”
“Get it reset.”
“I will lieutenant.”
“You were off one of the Alliance Miracs?”
“I was lieutenant.”
“I expect it’s too much to hope you have any recent experience on ion drives?”
“Not since college, but I’m adaptable to any task required of me.”
The man nodded. “I’ll be straight with you crewman. We’re running a tight operation here, and I can’t waste my time babysitting, so I want you busy, and out of the way until you’re transported. Do you understand?”
“I don’t expect any special treatment lieutenant.”
“And you’ll get none. You answer to Patrick, head of maintenance.” He flicked his hand in a gesture of dismissal.

Alexi’s first job was in one of the drive tunnels, checking clearances on the magnetic bearings. There were few moving parts in contact, but these were one place where they were close. The work involved taking readings and reporting to a technician who decided if any changes to the tolerances were to be made.  The man must have thought his new helper was a little strange as Alexi smiled the whole way through as the technician explained what was required. All the while Alexi was remembering his thoughts that piloting a ferry was unskilled, and here he was one step up from sweeping the floors, but then again there was still tomorrow.  
The work actually wasn’t as boring as he had assumed, as there was much to learn from observation of the engine’s operation. He had been truthful, he had never worked on ion drive, but he did know the basics from college on Terran, though this was a vastly different version of the technology.
What he was completely in the dark about was the reactor. He had learned these principles too, but the whole concept of this type of nuclear power was considered archaic, extremely dangerous, and had not been used in millennia. 
At the end of his shift he was assigned a tiny room that made the Warriors quarters look like an apartment, and the Pig like a house; but he wasn’t intending hosting any parties so it was well adequate, and at the end of the day he had successfully familiarized himself with both the layout of the engines, and the fuel production areas.

In three days he worked up from reading the settings to opening and closing valves in the cooling systems, noting all of the alarms and automatic backups. By the fourth day he had detoured past the reactor hall with its ominous warning signs
On the fifth day when he reported to Patrick he heard bad news. “…So at the end of your shift you will ship out. Next rest period you’ll be back with the Alliance ready for reassignment,” he said expecting Alexi to be pleased.
“That’s great.” Alexi said with feigned exuberance, feeling slightly panicked that what he had to do, he had to do now. 
Patrick walked away leaving him running through the checklist he had been given for the day. There was nothing new, a valve here, a reading there, nothing that was particularly difficult. It was a good thing as he had little time for decisions; so what he had not had time to formulate in his mind would have to be improvised.
Two hours into the shift, as soon as he could without arousing suspicion Alexi slipped back into the drive tunnels, rapidly he adjusted the bearing clearances until they were almost zero. By the time he had screwed in the fourth a small light had begun to flash urgently over the first’s control. 
Alexi reached back and switched off the emergency shut downs. A second and third light had come on as he glanced down into the drive pit. Some of the bearings had begun to glow red. Quickly he left the tunnel.

Ten minutes later, as he was in a vator rising up to the cooling tanks floor, the emergency sirens began their piercing rise and fall. He guessed that without the shutdown in operation the heat would have led to the shafts destruction. If he were right the bearings would have disintegrated and seized one of the shafts and hopefully put an engine off-line. It was in itself nothing; with three engines the arc would be slowed for a few days, a week at most, he needed much more.
He assumed all the maintenance crew would respond to the emergency and be rushing to the tunnels; leaving the cooling rooms deserted, at least that was the theory.
Climbing up through a floor inspection trap he was in a large machinery hall full of pressure containers. He went to the control panels shutting down one valve after another, cutting off the cooling system. Once done Alexi pulled a hand held fire extinguisher from the wall and smashed the control panels with it. The reactors would begin to overheat within minutes. ‘Stage two,’ he muttered departing quickly from the hall. He was acutely aware that one accident could be negligence, but two; especially with the smashed panel would tell them there was a saboteur in the engine area. 
He was actually running now, making his way to the reactor room. 
It took far longer than he thought, but eventually he was against a set of doors warning ‘Extreme danger – Radioactive area’, he shoved them open. 
Before him were three eight story high spheres. They fitted Albert’s description of the containment vessels. He went to the panel and looked for the controls Albert had instructed him to find. In the order Albert said he threw one switch after another, fully withdrawing the damping rods, and overriding the safety in each case. There was no delay this time, and virtually from the first moment sirens began their warning call.
The sound sent his tension soaring. He had to follow the procedure for all the reactors, and then smash the panel, hoping the action would prevent the crews stopping the melt down that Albert said would follow.  
He was almost through the second when he heard a shout. A Technician had burst through the door and was running across the room screaming at him to move away from the controls. Instead Alexi continued right up to the man reaching around his throat and dragging him backwards. He was shouting obscenities and punching Alexi painfully in his kidneys.
Alexi kicked back brutally against the man’s shin, making him release the pressure on his windpipe. Before the man could recover Alexi spun and hit him hard in the face. The man fell back as Alexi ran again to the panel.
Emergency lights were flashing all over the panel now that he had almost finished, but the man was back on his feet, leaning groggily against the wall as the first vessel began to vent scalding steam. He looked up in terror, and then came for Alexi once more. 
This time Alexi was ready. He had done almost all had to and now he had to keep the man from the panel until all three had begun to run past the danger point.
As they fell on the floor clutching each other so tightly that punches were almost impossible, the second vessel began to vent. The room was filling with a hot suffocating mist, and the noise of it escaping screamed in their ears.
Suddenly Alexi felt a blow in the back of his neck, he cried out in pain as other blows rained down on him. He could vaguely see one or two other men, but the blood splattered up from his now broken nose ran into his eye half blinding him.
Two men were now more or less sitting on him as the other ran to the panel, but as he did the third vessel blew. 
Visibility in the room now was reduced several meters as the fog began to take their breath away. Suddenly there was a desperate call for help. The men holding him looked worriedly into the mist, then self-preservation became more important than apprehension; one, then the other was off him racing to help the first at the controls.  
Alexi struggled up onto his knees, feeling bruised and battered he stumbled to the door almost falling out into the corridor. He was choking; gasping for air as other technicians ran up to him. They grabbed him. “Three… Inside… Help them.” He said urgently
Amazingly the men accepted he was one of them and donning respirators went inside. Another grabbed Alexi around the waist and supported him as they stumbled along the corridor.
When he was clear of the room, Alexi deliberately tripped almost dragging the man down with him. “It’s no good I can’t run. You go back and help; I’ll be okay here.” He said desperately.
The man looked confused. He wanted to help, but the alarm was echoing along all the corridors. He looked nervously at Alexi. 
“Go I’m okay.” Alexi repeated urgently. The man didn’t need telling again, and ran off.
Once gone Alexi climbed unsteadily to his feet and ran, best he could back down a side corridor. He recognized ‘Bay170/4’ as the place he had docked when doing the garbage run.  
At last Alexi was on familiar ground. He moved quickly down the corridor and broke out onto the gantry facing the apron; there were several tugs seemingly unoccupied. He looked in pleasure to see the grazed hull and faded number painted on the side. Pig was waiting as it had many times before. 
The general alarm changed to the evacuation signal. Soon anything that could fly would be swamped, he had to go now. Racing onto the flight deck he found the access codes were unchanged and pig responded to his familiar touches coming on line as quickly as he had hoped. 
Others had begun to pour into the bay now seeking escape from the arc. Alexi pulled up the ramp and prepared to lift off. He could vaguely hear banging on the hatch and tried to ignore the panicked noise knowing that if he let anyone aboard they would be unlikely to agree to him going where he wanted to.
The outside noise turned to silence as the air locks went to vacuum. Alexi engaged the retros and backed slowly out, looking back as the shadows of desperate people ran back and forward along the gantry. He hoped that he had found the line between the death of the arc, and their lives, but if work on the array were not slowed then far more would be at risk. 

As he drew away from the arc he could see that its engines were only part responsive, but it was still under partial power. It was hard to detect at first, but the further he got away, he began to see that twenty-nine was veering off towards what appeared to be arc sixty-two. Alexi wasn’t sure what was about to happen, but apparently neither were those on board, as it seemed that everything that could fly was leaving the arc. The scene disturbed him thinking that each one was full of desperate residents and workers.
In the melee no one took any notice of the pig as it slid away and out into deep space. 

Alexi at last switched on the communications console, halfway through a fleet warning to deploy radiation shields against the impending surge in charged particles. Meltdown was imminent. ‘What have I done?’ He whispered in dread, knowing it was bad enough he had put lives in danger on twenty-nine, without having considered the far-reaching repercussions. He went to the robe where the pig’s spacesuit hung hoping that there was something the other arcs could do to protect themselves.  
During his work Alexi had become indifferent to pigs slowness, now he wished there was more as the spaceship labored to distance itself from the doomed arc. He had done all he could, and kitted up in the space suit he watched the monitor.
There was a brilliant flash, though not as large as he had imagined as one or more of the reactors blew. As the brilliance faded, it revealed that a massive section of the side and back of arc twenty-nine had evaporated. Residual flames burned in a thousand places up and down the dozens of levels and sections opened up to space in the explosion. The massive structure was out of control, turning erratically as a result of the blast. The single remaining ion exhaust was slowly coming into view. The red yellow glow indicating that colossal power was still being emitted.
Given that there were probably four or five hundred klick’s between any two leviathans, a valiant attempt was made to avoid any further disaster. Ships appeared from all over the arcs to rescue the evacuees and try to head off a collision, but it was to no avail, and in terrifying slow motion twenty-nine ran into sixty-two with a shallow angled blow that tore deep into the forward section of the second arc: eventually locking them together. Sixty-two was now thrown off course, making other arcs, and warships scatter again to avoid further collisions.  
Alexi stared in mostly horror, but part satisfaction at the chaotic scene, and didn’t see the Pretty Polly coming from where it had been waiting. Albert hailed him, and Alexi allowed the smaller craft dock. 
As he re-boarded the Polly, Albert was shaking his head. “That’s quite a mess you left back there colonel,” Albert understated what was unfolding almost gleefully 
Alexi tried to smile. “A mess that will need a man of your talents Albert.”
“Remains to be seen for sure,” he said. “But I recon there will be enough to tide me over for quite a while. Yes quite a while.”
“I hope so for both of our sakes.”
Albert nodded his head. “So… Where did this come from?” He gestured to the part view of the craft alongside.
“It’s my old ship the Pig.”
“Then you will be taking yourself off now?”
“I’m not sure.”
“You’re not?” Albert looked at him curiously. “I thought all you wanted was to return to your people.”
“I do, but if I take the pig there they will suspect it was a company plan.”
“They probably already think that.”
“But I don’t want to give them any proof.”
“So you want to stay here?”
“Until I can slip away quietly.”
“And what happens to the pig?”
“I suppose they will come looking for it.”
“Ahh…” said Albert fingering his chin again. “My reading is that it was set loose from the arc: and if I’m correct, any unmanned craft in space is only property of the appropriate authority if it remains in that authority’s jurisdiction.”
Alexi tried to guess what Albert was leading up to. “I would not dispute the laws of salvage with a man of your experience. So then Albert, I don’t actually have any co-ordinate data to hand, but if I am not mistaken we could be in neutral space?”
Albert gave a low whistle. “Well Colonel I do believe you could be right. In that case an unmanned vessel is deemed derelict, and is the property of whosoever salvages it.”
“What a stroke of luck.” Alexi said theatrically. “Here we are on an actual salvage ship.”
“Pig,” mused Albert. “Yes Pig’ll do nicely as sister ship to Pretty Polly.”
“Albert…” Alexi paused slightly self-conscious. “Pig is…  has been a special ship to me.”
“Special has she been?” He grinned, “Say no more, old Albert will lo…”
They were being hailed. “Salvage vessel NQ-67-U. Respond?”
Alexi looked at the viewer. An Alliance warship was standing less than a klick off from them. 
“NQ-67-U Responding,” said Albert cautiously.
“NQ-67-U you are docked with an Alliance vessel, confirm your intentions?”
“I have no intention but salvage.” 
“The ship is the property of the Alliance so you may back off. We will render any assistance necessary to anyone on board one of our craft.”
“That won’t be necessary. It ain’t a warship, there ain’t no one aboard and I am already in the process of investigating a derelict ship for the purpose of salvage.”
“Its propulsion system is in idle, that does not class as derelict?”
“Been doing this a long time and I ain’t ever seen that wrote anyplace before.”
The tone became demanding. “NQ-67-U. You can release the vessel into our care.”
“Actually I don’t think I will.” 
Alexi looked at Albert in apprehension.
“This is neutral space and the ship is derelict. That gives me salvage rights; of course I’ll be prepared to negotiate those rights with the proper authority.”
They could almost hear the sneer in the reply. “In this part of neutral space I am the authority.”
Alexi looked at him nervously. “Albert; don’t get yourself in too deep.” He whispered. 
Albert whispered back. “Do you know how much that thing is worth?”
“Not enough. I’ll go back to the pig.”
“Then you’re crazier than I thought. If they board that ship, and find you, you’re dead.”
“Maybe not?”
“You are crazy if you believe that…. Okay we’ll leave it, but your coming with me.”
“If I leave with you we’re both lost? You go. I’ll try and bluff my way out.”
Albert didn’t argue any further, there were no grounds to, but as Alexi was leaving there was another hail
“NQ-67-U can we offer assistance?”
“They looked out again in surprise; shock on Alexi's part. He not only recognized the voice as Alor’s but the new spaceship, between and a little forward of the Alliance craft was the Warrior.
Albert instead replied to the first hail. “Alliance warship we are in neutral space, and I claim sole salvage rights to craft and materials derelict and abandoned in this area.”
There was no reply but faced with an equally powerful ship the Alliance craft simply steered away.
Now Albert replied to Alor. “Corporation vessel. In answer to your question. No I do not need assistance, but I may have someone here who does.”

Alexi was sad to see both Albert and the Pig go, they both now had a place in his past, but it was short lived as he renewed his acquaintance with Alor and his crew.
“Luck has nothing to do with it.” Alor answered in reply. “Paul contacted me to say that security had been alerted someone was trying to get information about the wearer of your tag. It was through an anonymous link, and the origin was encrypted, but while whoever it was, was searching for your details we hacked a mole into the reply. That led back to the salvage ship, after that all I had to do was call in a few favors to patrol the area and set a sentinel to watch the source. The sentinel told us there were problems on twenty-nine, and from then on somehow everything just seemed to have your trademark.”
Alexi was unsure. “Paul knows I’m alive?”
“He only suspects you are; but it was he who authorized the sentinel.” Alor slapped Alexi on the back.
Alexi didn’t want to ask but he had to know. “Is there …… anyone else who knows?”
“Probably but Paul never actually….” Alor paused and gave a wry smile. “Well there was a certain young lady who was distraught when you were assumed killed in the battle.”
“Distraught?” Alexi was both pleased and upset, pleased that her feeling were obvious, but at the same time he felt guilty that he had caused her such pain. 
Alor frowned a little so that his brow furrowed. “This...” His voice became exaggerated.  “...Certain young lady had lost a brother in the battle, but her grief seemed more for your loss. Strange would you not say?” He winked.
Alexi tried to smile back but it was a lot more withdrawn than Alor’s. “Then Paul would have...”
“My friend, Paul has more than a passing interest in your welfare.”
Many emotions flooded Alexi’s brain. “In me?”
This made Alor smile even wider. “Err... Yessss, in you.” he said almost grinning. “Yes I think that it is fairly obvious that he knows what you and his daughter have been up to. Enough, I cannot speak of others feelings. We will return and you shall see… ask for yourself.”
“No.” Alexi said firmly. “You have your patrol. It must be completed first.”
The suggestion confused Alor, but he at last assumed that his friend needed a little more time before he could face Paul.

They talked long of what had happened in the time since he had been lost.  “Alexi, we are soldiers, that the enemy dies is our reason for existence. Whether that be one or a hundred it does not make them any less dead? It is not our decision who we fight. That the enemy is the enemy is all that we can allow our thoughts to think on. That is a fact, as is that choice is a luxury we do not have in battle; and regret is an emotion that we have too much of in peace.”
Alexi nodded 
“Claries knew the risks the same as you and I. We enter battle against our foe knowing that only one will return. You know that, I know that, and she knew it, so whatever recriminations you may have, nothing can be said that will change what has passed.”
“I know that,” agreed Alexi. “But if it were not for her, I would have faced an execution squad.”
Alor nodded solemnly. “And myself, Clouss, David and Celia also, but she did not free you; or us. She gave fate the deciding hand, as she herself knew that, that same fate held her future too.”
Alexi nodded sadly. He looked at Alor. “I have spent much time, waking and in my sleep thinking on her death. Mostly the part of me bitterly regrets what I did but...” He hesitated not sure how to say what he had thought.
“Part of you doesn’t?” Continued Alor
Alexi nodded. “As you say we are soldiers Alor….  to die in battle is our ultimate achievement. At times that part of me thinks that she died, as she would have wished. In the midst of battle, flying her own command.”
Alor reached his arm around Alexi’s shoulders. “Hold that thought friend. War is evil personified, but death can be a glorious thing.”
Alexi nodded, a while ago he would have agreed, but now he knew the words were senseless. He forced a smile. “We…. the Alliance had a saying that they shall remember me in my prime.”
Alor gripped his shoulder tightly. “Then the gods will rejoice to have such beauty by their side.”
They fell quite for a while until Alor suddenly spoke.
“Do you want me to contact Celia?” he said almost reluctantly
“I’m not sure… It will… Be a shock.”
“Sometimes we can be irrational; against all the evidence she wouldn’t accept that you were dead. She refused to let me put a drink on the table for you. She said you promised her you would return.”
Alexi’s heart shriveled in his chest as he tried to imagine the heartache he had caused her. “Our last words were not kind to each other.” He said morosely.
“She never spoke badly of you, though from her words I guessed such.” Alor placed his hand on Alexi’s shoulder again. “There is much you need to know dear friend, but my lips are not where you should hear it from; other than to tell you that I was wrong.”
“Wrong?”
“On the deck of the Allan Mather I told you to let her go. That was a grave mistake. For better or worse I know you can no more let her go, than she can you, your lives are entwined, but you both are too blind to see it.”
Alexi went to speak but Alor thrust his rough hand across his mouth, he grinned. “No Alexi Davanoff you will be quiet and listen. For this one time I am going to tell you what you need to hear, not want you want to know.”
Alexi remained silent as Alor removed his hand
“You Alexi have been all things to me, enemy, friend, savior, so I believe this allows me to tell you that on an emotional level you are immature, childish and stubborn.” Alor grinned at Alexi’s pained expression. “Yes all three, and in bucket loads. You love the woman, why haven’t you partnered her?”
His forthright manner caught Alexi without words. “I.... The time was never right.” 
Alor scoffed. “Anytime is the right time to tell someone you love them, and want to be with them. She has waited to hear you say it until her own heart would begin to doubt it was true.”
The pain was too much for Alexi to keep silent. “She had her work; the company had to have…”
Again Alor went to raise his hand, but Alexi stopped
“Yet more excuses, and poor ones at that. She has her work because she does not have you. As for Paul then he will come to understand it is what she desires. No matter what the president tells you, a father wants his child to be happy.”
“But her credibility would be destroyed if the feelings between us were commonly known.”
“Ahhh,” said Alor soberly. “I seem to remember that they are my words, and at the time I believed them true. But are they the only version of the truth? Our peoples are at a conjunction in history that is writing itself as we breathe. We need a symbol that we are one people, and that we can live together in harmony and peace. What better symbol can there be than the heiress and the hero?”
“Hero?” Alexi felt embarrassed.
“Don’t be so modest Alexi, you hold the Alliance Star and have distinguished yourself beyond parallel with the Company.”
“It may strike some as a conflict in ideals.”

The Warrior had been returned to active service. The pig was gone, and with them his accommodation, Alexi asked to be returned to Wonderland, and to the room at the hotel he had occupied briefly, though the sight that awaited him as he entered astonished him. Rhea was sat on the lounge nursing an infant.  
She looked at him amused. “You have never seen a baby before Alexi?”
“Yes…. Yes of course I have.”
“Ah then it must be me that astounds you?”
“More the combination of the two.”
“Oh, and what did I do that gave you the impression that I did not like children?”
“Nothing, The opposite really, it was something I just never gave a thought to before this moment.”
“I see,” she seemed to be enjoying teasing him. She glanced down tenderly “Well what do you think of the child?”
Alexi walked across to her and leaned down as she pulled the wrap clear of the babies face so that he could see. It was the deep brown eyes that struck him first.
“Well?” She demanded.
“It is very pretty “
“And what if ‘it’ is a boy; your gender prefer a different adjective do they not.”
“Yes, but at this age I have would think it matters little.”
“Then rest for she is a girl. Has she her fathers or her mother’s features?”
Alexi looked carefully. “She has her father’s eyes.”
Rhea began giggling, the movement making the child start, and it began to whimper. Rhea stared into the folds. 
“Accept my word Alexi; she has her mother’s eyes.”
He nodded, though with a glance into Rhea’s eyes he disputed the opinion.
“The child is a Carroll.” She said cryptically.
“I guessed as much.”
“Look upon her face again Alexi, for this child’s veins carry a mix of blood that can unite the four opposing corners of our race.”
“That is a heavy burden for a child so tiny and fragile.”
“But one day the child will be a woman. A woman with credentials like no other in the known galaxy. She will be the beacon, the rallying point where men and women from all four ancestries can find a common ground.”
“Such thoughts make the burden fraught with even more danger.”
“It will be, and until that time she will need men like you Alexi, to defend her and champion her cause. Are you a man up to that task, or are your eyes still closed like they were when we set out from Terran such a long time ago?”
“You really want to know,” he said. 
“Yes. Tell me again Alexi are you a man, or a male?”
Hearing the jibe again nearly threw him. “I have been asked that before, and have come to know that to be the one, it is necessary to be the other, the terms are mutually inclusive. As a man I have lived with and met people who I consider myself the richer for. As a male I have reached such giddying highs and such mortifying lows that my heart no longer has the fear of living life. Between the two I have gained so much and lost far greater. So yes Rhea, I am much more of a man and less of a male than the shadow who left Terran with you a lifetime ago.”
Rhea said nothing for a few moments, looking at him hard and long before she turned her face down to the child. “See little one, did I not tell you your white night would come to guard and protect you.” She lifted her face to his.  “I am sorry Alexi. I have misjudged you often, yet you have become someone who knows right from wrong “

Alexi felt strange boarding the Warrior as a passenger, but he noticed that Alor felt the same unease, at commanding his old ship. Alor stood nervously against the command chair as they entered the cabin. 
“Request permission to come aboard?” Alexi gave a brief salute in reply to Alor’s welcoming smile, and then deliberately sat in one of the observation seats. It was a conscious and clear signal to Alor that the ex-commander ceded command.
Alor seemed to become taller as he turned to Toria. 
“Prepare for launch number one.”

As they skimmed away from Wonderland Rhea leaned over from the adjacent seat.
“Alexi. I must visit the bathroom. Will you care for the child?”
It was hardly a request as she was standing and offering the babe to him.
Alexi took the infant carefully. He remembered his own girls, looking so delicate and defenseless. Years had passed but the warm feeling was still there. He found himself staring down into those eyes, eyes that were so familiar. 
“What was that?”
He looked up in surprise Rhea was stood behind him.
“What were you saying?”
“I wasn’t.”
She smiled. “I heard you speak,” she teased him. “You were talking to the child.”
“I was not,” he said embarrassed at being heard. He moved to offer the baby back to her.
“No she is comfortable with you.”
And Alexi was comfortable with his charge.

It was only twenty minutes from Wonderland to the Allan Mather, and absorbed in the child and his memories the time passed almost in an instant. All too soon they were hovering, and beginning to settle onto the same landing area as they had when escaping from the Prince Bernhard.
They waited until the area had been filled with air; Alexi stood but no one else seemed too eager to disembark.
“Go ahead Alexi,” said Rhea. “I have business to discuss with Alor. We will follow when I have finished.”

Alexi hesitated, still holding, and not certain what to do with the child, but Rhea was now in conversation with Alor. 
Undecidedly he moved toward the hatch; he stopped as his right foot was stepping onto the ramp.
Celia was crossing from the entrance. She saw him and stopped too; her face a picture of shock, surprise and joy.
He stepped carefully down the ramp and walked across to her. They stood looking at each other, both searching for the first move to make. 
Alexi saw Celia look down at the child, her deep brown eyes taking on a tenderness that melted his heart. 
His eyes followed hers to look at the child’s face. Suddenly it was all clear; he was looking at the mirror image of Celia. His heart raced and his hopes lifted where he never thought they could go again.
He never knew who made the first move. He never questioned or cared, the only thing that really mattered was that one of them had made it.

The Forever War Continues in book two - Assimilation
Copyright reserved in all media and in all forms and remains the intellectual property of Caelin Day pt. ltd. (aus) any reproduction in whole or part is conditional on the written permission of Caelin day Pty Ltd. 
