The Farpool: Destiny
Published by Philip Bosshardt at Smashwords
Copyright 2022 Philip Bosshardt
Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Chapter 1

“There’s nowhere you can be that isn’t where you’re meant to be.”
John Lennon

Seome
Kinlok Island
765.7 Tk (Pre-ak’loosh Epoch of Tekpotu)
January 5, 2115 (Earth C.E.)

Scrambling up a hill from the narrow beach on Kinlok Island, Charley Meyer, with Rey Diaz carrying their infant daughter Charlotte, encountered something they didn’t expect.  Umans.  The just-arrived crew of the 1st Time Displacement Battery.  The two groups were startled at encountering each other and wary of getting any closer.  Across the tops of the rocky hills, they yelled back and forth at each other. 
“Stay where you are!” the Umans yelled across the ravine.  There were three of them.  Their voices were nearly drowned out by the crash of the surf nearby.  “Don’t come any closer or we’ll open fire!”
Charley paused momentarily atop a narrow ridge.  She looked back at Rey with Charlotte peeking out of his backpack.  “We got here in time, Rey.”  Then, she waved at them.  “Hey, I’m human…same as you—” She started down a slope, skidding and sliding.
Rey was alarmed.  “Charley, I don’t think that’s such a –”
A burst of light flashed—suppressor fire—and the loop slammed Charley sideways.  She crumpled immediately and went down head first, sliding further down the slope.
“Charley!—”  Instantly, Rey headed down slope himself, picking his way carefully through loose rubble and patches of ice.  Charley lay still in a heap at the bottom.  
Atop the next ridge, the Umans stared back.  One of them spoke to another.
“Major, maybe we should lend assistance—”
Ultrarch-Major Monthan Dringoth, commanding 1st Time Displacement Battery, rubbed a trim gray-black moustache and studied the scene for a few moments.  They seemed human enough.  A man, a woman and a child.  
“Get down there, Golich.  We’ll cover you from here.”
Jump Lieutenant Nathan Golich didn’t hesitate.  He scurried down the hill, sliding and slipping until he reached the saddle of the ravine.  He arrived at the same time as Rey and Charlotte.
For a long moment, the men stared at each other, judging intent, wondering what would happen next.  Then Rey unloaded his backpack carefully, wedged it against a rock and bent to Charley’s side.  He felt for a pulse.
“She’s alive…what the hell do you think you’re doing, firing on an unarmed civilian like that?”
Golich stooped down, felt the burn marks on Charley’s cheek.  “Suppressor burns.  She’s needs attention...now.”
“Yeah, no thanks to you.”
“You were warned…you had ample warning.”  Golich put an arm under Charley’s neck.  “Here…help me get her up,”
“Where are you taking her?”  Rey noticed another Uman picking his way cautiously down the slope.  
“To the ship.  We’ve got a sick bay.  She needs medical attention before she goes into shock.”
Rey looked around.  He was outmanned and outgunned.  And there was Charlotte.  
The second Uman arrived—the two visitors conversed in a jargon Rey didn’t fully understand.  Then, with no further word, they hoisted Charley up and bore her between them up the hill. 
Rey had little choice but to grab Charlotte and his backpack and follow.

The ship was called Cygnus.  She was bigger than Omt’or but bore a vague resemblance to their own ship.  Her crew numbered six.  One of them was clearly an angel, a para-human swarm entity.  Golich called him URME.
URME fussed over Charley in her bed in the tiny sick bay, inserting tubes, catheters, respirators.  Rey stood holding Charlotte in his arms, at the hatch, pale and solemn.  Major Dringoth stood alongside them. 
Dringoth was a tall lifer in Time Guard, Rey learned.  Hard cheek planes with a hint of double chin and gray sideburns accentuating a gray buzz cut.  
“She’ll be fine,” the Major offered in his gruff voice.  “We deal with this all the time.”
“You didn’t have to fire,” Rey said.  “She was clearly unarmed.”
Dringoth sniffed.  “Operational decision.  We never know what we’ll encounter when we come to places like this.”  
Both men steadied themselves as wind gusts rocked Cygnus.  
Dringoth took a deep breath, continuing his thought.  “Although you’d think the Guard could have found us a better place than this hellhole.”
Rey was about to answer but Charley stirred and moaned, starting to rise from her bed.  URME gently pushed her back down.  That’s when Rey noticed the edge effects.  It was axiomatic that angels sometimes didn’t have good configuration control of their swarms.  He was momentarily startled when URME’s hand passed right through the bed sheets.
“Miss, don’t try to get up yet.  You need fluids, more rest.”  URME looked up at Dringoth.  “Permission to treat her face and neck burns, sir?”
Dringoth nodded.  The female seemed harmless enough.  
“Granted.”  Then the Major turned to Rey.  “Who are you people anyway?  Commandstar said this sewer of a world was uninhabited.”
As he watched URME tend to Charley—bioshields, loose swarm patches, a quick medbot insert for IV—Rey wasn’t sure how much of their mission to reveal.
While Charley was starting to recover, Rey cautiously explained who they were and how they had come to be on the oceanic world of Seome.  
“We were on a test mission through the Expool from a place called Shooki.  In the Trappist-1 system.”
After listening for a while, Dringoth’s eyes widened.  “You people are from the past.”
“Timeline T-001,” Golich added.  “We had this at the Academy, Major.  Remember old man Jellicoe…second-level Temporal Engineering?”  
Dringoth frowned.  “Vaguely.”
Golich went on.  “Trappist-1 had worlds being explored by Umans.  But they never joined the Alliance.”
“So why are you here?” Dringoth growled.  “And why does this female look like a frog anyway?”
Charley felt well enough to sit up, despite warnings from URME.  The angel shut off the bioshield, which collapsed in a spray of light.   
“There’s a whole civilization beneath the ocean here,” she explained.  She briefly described the Seomish, the kels and their history, their beliefs, their technology.  It was clear that none of the Umans were buying any of her story.
Charley decided she would stand up, no matter how hard it was.  Rey helped her.  URME clucked in disapproval, but backed off.  The suppressor had weakened everything in her body and she felt like jelly.  She leaned against Rey and felt nauseated and dizzy, but she was determined.  She stuck out a webbed hand, assuming a handshake would be understood.  
“I’m Charley…Charley Meyer.  This is Reynaldo Diaz.”
The Ultrarch-Major recoiled for a moment, then reached out just enough to rub fingers with Charley’s webbed, oily hand.  He flinched, but he seemed to understand the gesture as a friendly one.
In answer to the question she knew was on his mind, Charley explained her Amphib appearance and how it came to be.  Dringoth was clearly skeptical.
“I know you’ve come here to set up a weapon,” she went on.
This revelation aroused instant suspicion, especially among the other Umans.  One of them—Dringoth called him…or it…Acth: On’e—blurted out.  “She’s a spy, Major.  Coethi spy.  We know they can simulate humans…just like URME here.”
Excited chatter and accusations followed, with finger pointing and scowls and weapons drawn, but Dringoth waved them all to silence.
“Put those away,” he ordered.  Reluctantly, magpulser sidearms were tucked away.  He squinted at Charley, then at Rey.  “How many are you?”
“Just us and Sandy…Kilgorly.  From my crew.  He should be around our ship.”
“And where’s that?”
Rey described how Omt’or had made a perilous landing just a few weeks before.  “There are only three of us.  We came down just the other side of these hills.  A small ledge, actually.  It overlooks the ocean on the other side of the island.  We’ve even fitted out some caves to live in while we were…er…waiting.”
“Waiting?”
“For you to arrive,” Charley admitted.
“See…they are saboteurs,” Acth On’e accused.  “Coethi angels, here to disable the Twister before we can even set up.”
Dringoth had to admit the accusation fit the situation.  “For the time being, you and your colleagues will be in my custody.  I don’t care if there’s an emerald city below the waves.  We’ve got a mission to set up a defensive base here.  Commandstar orders.”
“You’re setting up a weapon,” Charley said.  “A weapon that’ll destroy all civilization here on this world.”
“Sure, it’s a weapon,” the Ultrarch-Major replied.  He fixed himself a mug of something steaming hot to sip.  “The Twister is what we use to keep Coethi from entering this sector of the Halo…Halo-Alpha.  Keeps ‘em from bollixing up timestreams from here to Sturdivant and back.  That’s our mission.  You say you’re both Uman…and the child too?”  Dringoth squinted, twiddled with a tuft of moustache, looked Charley up and down.  “You don’t look like anything I’ve ever seen.”
“Maybe something from Gibbons’ Grotto,” Golich suggested.  “The Hollows and all that.”
Charley assured the Major that she and Rey were quite human.  “I look like this because my parents went through a procedure-conicthyosis it’s called—to help us adapt to living here, in the sea.  I’m from Earth.”
“Me too,” Rey chimed in.  He wondered if they had somehow fallen into a sci-fi flick.  “Greetings from Earth.  Barcelona, in fact.”
“Urth.”  Dringoth pronounced it slightly different.  He had a faraway look on his face, pulled himself up a chair from underneath a small control station, turned it around and sat in it backward.  “Hmmm.  Never been there.  Like I said, it was quarantined.  Time Guard had to shut down all timestreams to keep Coethi from infecting the Heartland.”
“So what does this Time Twister do?” Charley asked.  She examined some of the instruments and controls about the sick bay, until URME intervened and politely shoved her away.  
Dringoth shrugged, fully aware that Acth On’e could be right.  He chose his words carefully.  “Oh, Big Mama’s got a singularity engine right at her core.  It reaches out several parsecs from here and flings anything it finds out of local space-time.  Sends it off to who knows where…other side of the galaxy.  Maybe other side of the Universe.  We don’t understand it ourselves.  Time Guard just gave us the basics.  First Time Displacement Battery just operates and maintains the thing.”  He patted a rack of gear.  “This baby keeps Halo space clean, free of Coethi and other nasties.”  His face darkened.  “As long as you people don’t damage it, that is.”
Lieutenant Golich was curious.  “What makes you think there really are talking fish in the ocean here?”
Charley was forthright.  “Because I’m partly descended from them.”
There was a moment of silence around the sick bay.  
Dringoth looked over at Acth On’e with a questioning stare.  “Still think they’re Coethi angels, Acth?”
“Look,” Charley went on.  “I know you don’t believe me.  And I know all about your mission…”  To suspicious faces, she added, “Let’s just say that when you travel time streams like I have, you learn a lot of things.  Time jumpers like you should know that.”
“She does know the jargon,” Golich admitted.
“I can prove all this to you…if you’ll let me.”
“How?”
Charley explained, “My ship…Omt’or…is a special craft.  She’s a jumpship like this one but she can submerge as well.  Special built just for this expedition.”
Dringoth squinted at her.  “What are you saying?”
Charley took Charlotte from Rey and cuddled her.  “Let me take one of your crew with me.  Underwater.  I’ll show them the sights…what kind of world exists down there.  How the Seomish live…what they believe…what they eat…their cities.”
Dringoth said, “Absolutely not.  You’re a spy and we have to keep operational security about this base and the Twister.  Besides, we’ve—”
But Golich interrupted.  “Major, she may have a point.  Operational security would be enhanced with a little reconnaissance around the base.”
The Major considered that.  “I suppose you’ve got a point.  But who would I send?  Not you…I need my XO and my engineer.”
“I’ll go, sir.”  The voice came from someone Charley hadn’t seen before.  The female hung back by the hatch, a half-smile on her face.  She was an ebony-black Cameroonian woman of striking beauty, with fierce warrior eyes and bristly conical hair, adorned by an ivory and bone hairpiece that rattled when she turned her head.  Her name was Carrie Star-Ndiko and she was Cygnus’ search and surveillance tech.
Dringoth took a deep breath.  “Jumpmaster Ndiko, you know I can’t order you to do this.  Strictly voluntary.  Why would you even want to do this anyway?”
Ndiko shrugged and smiled at Charley, revealing a few gold teeth.  “Curiosity.  And like Lieutenant Golich said, recon the site.  Any sensor tech worth her stars would say the same thing.  Major, you know my family’s Cameroonian by background.  Cameroon, Africa, Urth.  Among my people, the Igbo people, we have a saying: Ura ga-eju onye nwuru anwu afo.”
“Which means?”
Ndiko smirked.  “’A dead person shall have all the sleep they want.’”
Dringoth snorted.  “We may all be dead if we don’t get this Twister up and operating on time.  Very well, Carrie, go with this froglady and see what’s what.  But no more than a day.  I need you back here as soon as possible, to set up our sensor perimeter.  This is recon only…not some kind of wild-ass vacation.”
Star-Ndiko nodded.  “Understood, sir.”
Charley ignored futile protestations from URME and gave Charlotte back to Rey.  “Stay here with Charlotte.  I’ll take this time jumper over to Omt’or and let Sandy know.”
With that, Charley Meyer—still feeling a little groggy from the suppressor pulse—and Jump Master First Class Carrie Star-Ndiko left the Uman ship and made their way through gusty swirling winds and narrow ice-flecked paths across the island’s central ridge to Charley’s ship.
Ndiko was impressed with the narrowness of the ledge…and the two-hundred-meter sheer drop at the edge, down to the crashing and hissing surf below.
 “You landed this baby here…how’d you manage that?”
Charley cycled them through the airlock, saying, “Years of experience and more than a little luck.  Come on…Sandy must be up on the command deck.”
They found the Aussie engineer forward, his head buried in wiring below the main console.
Kilgorly bumped his head climbing out.  “Ouch!  Blimey, that—oh…I didn’t realize you had company.  I saw the other ship come down and—”
Charley said, “Save it, Sandy.”  She introduced Ndiko and explained what she was planning.  “I’m taking Omt’or on a little trip…below the surface.  Our visitors don’t believe there’s any intelligent life underwater.  I want them to see how the Seomish live.”
Kilgorly waved at the loose wiring.  “Oh, don’t mind that.  Just tracking down a spurious signal.  I’ll have it buttoned up in a few moments.”
Charley told Sandy to finish his maintenance work and head over to the Uman ship.  “Stay with Rey and Charlotte.  It’ll make me feel better.”
Kilgorly nodded sagely.  “So, I’m like a hostage.  To make sure you come back.”   
Charley shrugged.  “I guess.  Just get over there.”
Kilgorly half-saluted and buried his head back underneath the console.  Charley took Carrie Ndiko on a quick tour of the ship.
“Just like the history vids at the Academy,” Ndiko marveled.  “We studied these old ships.  But she’s so compact.”
Charley swallowed her pride.  Old ships, my ass.  “She was specially built for a test.  Just a crew of three.  But she can jump timestreams with the best Farpool ships.  She’s stout and resilient, if you handle her right.  I’ll bet your ship can’t do what Omt’or can.”
Ndiko was up for the challenge.  “Show me.”
They said good-bye to Sandy Kilgorly, who reluctantly slogged across the mountaintop in gale-force winds while Charley explained the command deck and console functions.
“You’re the XO…sit there,” she pointed to Rey’s seat.    “I’ll take the conn.”
Charley and Carrie Ndiko strapped themselves in.  For a few moments, Charley paused, her fingers hovering over the console, seemingly unsure of herself.  She blinked, started to press a button, then withdrew her hand and pursed her lips.  “I think…no, that was right—”
Ndiko looked on puzzled.  “You do know how to fly this jalopy, right?”
Charley smiled sheepishly.  “It’s that suppressor effect…that’s all.”  She didn’t want to admit, maybe even to herself, that the syndrome was getting worse, had been getting worse for months.  With a little help from ALBERT, the ship’s AI, she said, “I’m bringing the core online…now.  I’ve got to set us up for water entry, not a jump.  It’s a little different.”
Charley secured her straps and checked her board.  All green, all copacetic and no flags. Omt’or had been powered up several hours before by Sandy, her MHD power plant and singularity core ticking over, humming, now sending a slight shudder through her hull.
“Ready all systems…stand by for final check and all-call.”
Carrie Star-Ndiko studied the lights flashing on the console.  “Looks good to me.  I just hope you know what you’re doing.”
For an answer, Charley stabbed the ENABLE button and Omt’or lurched into the air.  Balancing on three spears of flame, she crabbed her way sideways a kilometer out to sea, then Charley pitched her nose over and aimed for the surface.  “Here goes!”
Ndiko squeezed her eyes shut.  The last thing she saw was a rolling wave whitecapping just beyond her porthole.  Then…SLAM!!!
And with a loud, crunching jolt, they plunged beneath the surface.

The water was cold, dense, salty and flecked with ice.  “The Ponk’el Sea…that’s what these waters are called,” Charley said.  Deftly, more by feel than instruments, she grasped the joystick controllers and wheeled Omt’or around to a new heading, enjoying the feel of her rudder and bow planes biting deeper into the water.  
“What are you showing me, anyway?”
Charley grinned.  The feel of the ship underway was almost sexual; it had been a long time, too long.  “Something you’ll never believe.  There’s a whole civilization down here.  If you set up your Twister weapon, it’ll wreck this entire world.”
“And how exactly do you know this?”
Charley said, “Carrie, you’re a time jumper, same as me.  We both know how things play out along these timestreams.”
Ndiko craned her neck to see out a nearby porthole.  “True enough.  And we also both know the first rule of time jumping, don’t we…don’t mess around with timestreams.”
Charley said nothing to that.  “I’m taking you to a place the Seomish revere as a holy place.  It’s called the Pillars of Shooki.  ALBERT, give me a heading to the Pillars—"
The Pillars of Shooki lay at the very top of the world.  Surrounded by vast sheets of floating ice, far to the north of the Ponk’el Sea, the shrine sat at the edge of the polar ice cap itself.  A swift but narrow current, the Pomt’or, rushed by some two hundred beats to the south, curving across the bleak Northern Hemisphere until it split apart near Kinlok Island.
Moments later, they were both startled by a dark shadow crossing in front of the forward windscreen.
“What the hell was that?”
Charley blinked.  “Of all the rotten—" 
She checked the sounder, noting they weren’t far from the point where the Pomt’or and Tchor Currents separated, a place of rough churning water.  Omt’or was no more than a hundred beats from the turbulent T’kel’rok zone when they had come upon a furious battle between a hungry mesodont, scavenging through a field of scrubby bushes at the bottom and a seamother it had startled.  Charley braked quickly and steered the ship toward a dome of rock that poked above the mud, unwilling to risk the attention of the seamother when she was angered.
The seamother had a considerable advantage in quickness.  Her favorite weapon was her tail, ribbed with spikes and deadly.  Back and forth, the tail thrashed, scraping the tough hide of the enemy.  The mesodont lashed out with sharp pincers, seldom striking its target, but persistent enough to avoid a direct attack.  
They skirmished for nearly an hour, each trying to wear the other down.  The seamother tried several times to lunge in and flip the mesodont over with her tail but each time caught a pincer in the side and had to retreat.   The waters frothed with blood and viscera and still they fought on.
The battle raged in near stalemate until the nightwaters came.  Both creatures were exhausted, yet fought automatically, as if guided by unseen hands to destruction.  The mesodont had lost three of its eight legs, pincers and all, while the seamother bled freely from deep gashes in her belly and head.  One eye was shut, ripped out and scabbed over.  Squeals of pain and anger had long since been replaced by a deathly chittering, clicking away the last moments of life.
Somehow, despite its crippling injuries, the mesodont mustered enough strength to burrow so deeply into the mud that it became impervious to continued attack.  The seamother was enraged by this and tore furiously at the mud and silt but not fast enough to catch up.  Soon, only a bruised gray hump was all that protruded from the mud.  With that, the seamother bellowed forlornly.
Twisting her broken body, she bounded for the surface, several hundred beats above them.  The waters of the Ponk’el were clear enough to see when she breached it in an explosion of foam and bubbles.  The paroxysm of anger lasted for several minutes, then suddenly, the seamother was quiet.  She drifted at the surface, dragged by waves toward some distant shore.  They watched in fascination at the sight.
Charley spoke first, after a moment’s reflection.
“When they die, they seek Notwater.  Air, land and sunlight. That’s homewaters to them…just like us.”
“Amazing,” was all Carrie could say.  
Charley waited a few more moments but the way seemed clear and she lifted Omt’or on its jets and resumed their journey.  “I haven’t seen seamother in these waters before.  She was well south of her normal feeding grounds.”
They cruised in silence for a time.  Charley brought up an idea she had been mulling over.
“Jump Master Ndiko—”
“Please, call me Carrie.”
“Sure…uh, Carrie, your crew is from something called Time Guard?”
Ndiko nodded, still fascinated with the sights outside the nearest porthole.  “Six years now.  You know how it is…Tempus regit, as they say.”
“Right.  And I’m Farpool Service.  I’m thinking that Farpool Service must have evolved into Time Guard over the years.”
Carrie shrugged.  “I seem to remember some Academy professor saying something like that.”
“So, how’d you wind up in the Guard anyway?”
Ndiko smiled and closed her eyes, leaning back in her seat.  She loosened her straps and tried to get comfortable.  Outside, the waters had turned a dark, murky green, with little to see, save for the occasional ice floe.  
“Now that is a great question.  I wonder myself how all this happened.”  Ndiko shrugged, her eyes now opening to slits, riveted to occasional strange shapes and lights morphing along the edges of the porthole.  “My family’s Igbo, from Cameroon, Old Urth, see?  My father often read me stories of the great warrior princes and princesses of our ancient Igbo forebears.  He told me I was a direct descendant of Dzugudini, the Rain Queen of Lovedu and that I had great, even magical powers.  One of my prize possessions was this necklace of cowrie shells—” she fondled the necklace and made it clink noisily, “—it was said to have been handed down from the hands of Dzugudini.  In this period of my life, maybe I was fifteen, maybe sixteen—oh, I was an insufferably arrogant little bitch--I had become intensely interested in all things Igbo and was constantly reminded by my father of my royal background and illustrious heritage.  I was always warned to honor that heritage, to honor Dzugudini.”
“So, you joined Time Guard to get away from all that?”
Carrie shrugged, turned to look more closely out the nearest porthole.  She saw little save her own reflection.
Like a litany, the words tumbled out.  “Maybe.  I’m from Keaton’s World.  The Sturdivant system. See, my father was Eric Star-Ndiko, delegate councilor with the Free Council of Douala and a trained chemist.  Later, he became General Secretary of the Delegate Assembly for all of K World.  My mom was Salwan Star-Ndiko—she died a long time ago—she was a freighter crewperson with Frontier Corps cycler corps, cycling between the twenty planets and thousands of satellites and moons of the Sturdivant system.”
Charley slightest adjusted Omt’or’s course, based on a recommendation from ALBERT.  The ship heeled slightly making the turn.  “Don’t tell me.  You loved your mother and respected your father.”
“Well, you don’t have to make it sound so clinical.”  She sighed.  “I guess my earliest memory was of seeing Mother off on yet another freighter run from Keaton’s Port –it was just outside Gibbstown, where we lived.  My Mom was pretty much an absentee mom.  I always cried when she left for a several-month tour of duty.  Her last run was aboard the cycler Palace of Mumbai.  She didn’t come back.  The ship suffered a catastrophic collision with an asteroid remnant while on approach to Gibbons’ Grotto. At least, that’s what they said. Most of the crew died, including Mother.  So, yeah, I loved her and I cried for weeks but truthfully, I never really knew my mom.”
“At least you weren’t ridiculed for looking like a frog on steroids.”
Carrie nodded wisely.  “I’ve been meaning to ask you about that.  What are you, like half-fish?  Like these fish people here?”
Charley winced at the sound of that.  “Let’s just say I’m related.  Any boyfriends?  Male companions?  Or are you just married to the Service…like me?”
Carrie sniffed.  Shapes whizzed by the porthole.  “Wow, there are a lot of fish or sea life around us now.  Are we in a school of them?”
Charley had seen the echoes on the sounder display.  “Just pilgrims, heading to the Pillars, same as us.  You were telling me about the loves of your life….”
“Right.  By the time I had turned eighteen, I thought my life was over. I had several lovers, but no constant boyfriend.  I guess my favorite was Mahmoud Tosun, a fellow engineering apprentice, assigned to CityPower.  He was some kind of weird mix of Turkish and Arabic.  He was also Muslim and he had to be careful in dealing with non-family women, but that just made our liaisons more exciting.  Beyond the physical attraction, we weren’t particularly close.  I wasn’t all that loveable back then.”  
“So, you married Time Guard instead.”
Carrie laughed.  “Not just yet.  See, at eighteen, I was required under Keatonian law and custom to make a career choice and apply for formal citizenship.  I really didn’t want to follow in my father’s footsteps and enter politics.  With him, everything was politics…image and looking the part and all that.  It was my mother Salwan’s story which really intrigued me.  I suppose I had a pretty profound sense of my own self-importance and superiority, so I felt compelled to prove these qualities in the same way as my mother had, by shipping out of Keaton’s World and making my way on the greater stage of the Uman Alliance.
“I applied and was accepted into training for the Time Guard in early 2810 CE. This was where I thought I could make my own way and show what I was made of.  I couldn’t be my father but I wanted to make him proud and honor the life of my mother.”
They said little for a few minutes.  Carrie grew absorbed in the increasing pilgrim traffic surrounding them.  
“All these…er, people—”
“Seomish,” Charley filled in the word.
“…right…they’re all heading to where we’re going?  These Pillars.  They look like the lake dolphins on K World.  Except some of them are bigger, with clear heads or something.  How is that possible.”
“That’s because those are craft.  Like this one.  They’re called kip’ts.  Most Seomish just roam unencumbered.  But for long distances, many use the kip’ts.  Seomish love to roam.  They’re great swimmers.”
“Can we go into these Pillars?”
“We can approach.  But they’re sacred waters.  Guarded by the Ponkti…the local kel.  Like a tribe or a family.  We can’t actually enter the sacred waters.”
Guided by ALBERT, Charley slowed the ship down and slightly altered course.  The ice pack above them played strange tricks with the light.  It coalesced in patches, forming apparitions that frightened and confused them at the same time.  Schools of scapet and tooket swirled in the twilight.  Thick clouds of sediment rolled along the bottom, obscuring everything.
And the huge floes rained chunks of ice down on them from above.
Charley had ALBERT put the ship on a tangential course to avoid the bubble curtains marking the boundary of the sacred waters.
For many minutes, enveloped in a swelling throng of excited pilgrims, they seemed stuck on the same course, while all around them, the cacophony of chirps and squeaks, grunts and clicks swelled to a noisy din.  Beat followed beat of frozen tubegrass and ice mounds.  Unending hail drifted down from above.  Only ice and ice and more ice: ice kels, ice kip’ts, ice tillet, ice ompods.  The image of it burned in their minds, searing their vision into a gray-white void.  For a brief instant, Carrie felt herself falling, as if a whirlpool had reached out and grabbed her. Like a trip through a wormhole, something she had done a thousand times.  She welcomed the giddiness gladly—it was something she could still feel.  It washed over her like the great currents themselves, strong, overwhelming, a wonderfully delicious feeling of helplessness. 
And then, there it was, visible through the hordes of pilgrims, dim yet a distinct form beyond the gauzy bubble curtains. 
The berg was so large that it blocked a clear view of anything beyond, refracting most of what little light there was off its chalky white slopes.  But even with that, the presence of a vast structure, dense and hard, could be felt.
Charley slowed their approach and just skirted the holy waters with hushed awe.  Out of the corner of her eye, she watched Carrie Ndiko’s reactions.  The Pillars rose up out of the silted bottomland like legs of rock.  Cruising near the seafloor, they circled the Pillars completely.  There seemed to be no way in.  After several circuits, they halted and Charley bottomed the ship in a clump of tubegrass half a beat away.
“See those ghostly figures in the middle?” she said.
Carrie did.
“They’re priestesses.  Mekli.  They operate the Pillars.”
The mekli seemed to be waiting for something, perhaps a signal.
Then it came.  High on the side of the nearest Pillar, a ring of bubbles swirled around the edge.  The stream was emanating from a narrow elliptical crevice.  One of the mekli separated herself from the others and poked her beak into the crevice.
In that moment, powered by some device Carrie couldn’t see, the entire side of the Pillar grated and groaned and started moving to one side.  The mekli entered.  A vast river of pilgrims followed after her.
“It’s a pilgrimage,” Charley saw the unasked question forming in Carrie’s mind.  “They make the trip once a Seomish year…a year’s called a mah, by the way.”
Carrie was awestruck.  “I had no idea.  Time Guard said this place, this world, was uninhabited.”
“If we had more time, I’d show you some of their cities.  But the closest one is Ponk’et.  It’s closed to people like us.”
Carrie just shook her head in amazement.  “I wonder what they believe in.  Their gods, their ceremonies and rituals.”
Charley knew a little about it.  “I’ve got an echopod around here somewhere…hey, ALBERT, bring up the lesson on Seomish religion…the one Farpool Service approved…Academy second-level, I think.  Voice only.”
“Of course, Captain…at once,” chirped the AI.  Seconds later, a scratchy voice erupted in the cabin, some long-forgotten lecturer.  “Running time is twenty-two minutes, twelve seconds….”
Carrie and Charley both listened for awhile, as ALBERT guided their ship in a loose orbit just beyond the bubble curtains, carefully avoiding the still thickening throng of pilgrims closing on the Pillars….

“…The aquatic world of Seome was conventionally subdivided into five great seas, though there is in fact only one world ocean.
“Each sea was the dominion of one of the five great nations, water-clans, or tribes (the meaning varies in context): these were the kels.  The basic structure of the kels was maintained during the Great Emigration, among the survivors. The kels are both political and familial in nature.  In Seomish mythology-history, each kel was descended from one female ancestor, countless millennia ago, who was impregnated by God (Shooki or Schookee) for the purpose of filling all the waters with life.  The first females were known collectively as the Five Daughters, and all life on Seome is descended from them (they are revered as demi-gods.).
“Each Daughter begat two offspring (after the creation of the lower orders), one male and one female.  These were the First Mortals and each kel considered its F.M.s as the ultimate ancestors of everyone who has lived since, or will ever live.  The F.M.s were the direct parents of the kel.
“In Seomish theology, Shooki created and impregnated the Five Daughters because he was lonely and wished companionship.  Accordingly, three extremely important religious-moral-ethical concepts in the culture are friendship, fertility (or appetite) and what could best be described as a kind of internal tranquility (see Shoo’kel).  The Seomish are playful and gregarious by nature, generally promiscuous (within bounds) and pleasure-seeking.  They are not psychologically disposed to dissatisfaction or self-sacrifice, normally.  The universe was created by the confluence of three great currents, say the Seomish: Ke’shoo, Ke’lee, and Shoo’kel, or figuratively, love, life and happiness.  This view is applied to many things, especially kel ancestry, or specifically, which First Mortal most possessed which trait.  It is a subject of endless debate.
“Some ideas about beginnings and first things have changed with the coming of the….”

The voice lesson was interrupted by a strong shudder, followed by a series of bumps and scrapes.  ALBERT automatically paused the lessoncast, announcing, “…surface contact with the hull…multiple surface contacts…altering heading to avoid hull damage with local ships….”
“What the--?” Charley peered outside her porthole.  What she saw made her blood run cold.  She recognized the small kip’ts by their canopy design.  “Ponkti—” she seethed.  “Of all the—”
Quickly, with expert pulses of Omt’or’s thrusters, she scooted above and over the hordes of pilgrims and away from the Ponkti craft.
Carrie was shaken by the ferocity of the impacts, which continued unabated.  “What is it?  What’s going on?”
Charley was growing quite annoyed with the Ponkti tactics.  “They’re Ponkti kip’ts.  They guard the Pillars for the mekli.  Kind of skittish today, it would seem.  And they don’t recognize us—I’m trying to get us away from the worst of the crowds, away from the boundary.  We may have strayed too close….”
She swung the ship first one way, then another.  Suddenly, the cabin was struck by a series of deafening booms!  Omt’or shuddered in the shock waves, rolled momentarily hard to starboard, then ALBERT helped Charley regain control.
In self-defense, Charley pinged their stalkers with a low-frequency blast of sound, then typed out a text query, which ALBERT, the ship’s computer, impressed on the carrier wave….

UNIDENTIFIED SHIPS…IDENTIFY YOURSELF

A split second after ALBERT’s query crossed the distance, another deafening burst of sound rocked Omt’or, followed by a series of acoustic shock waves.  Intense, painful, ear-shattering waves of sound blasted through the water and Omt’or was soon battered to a full stop, knocked out of trim, careening over like a wounded whale.
Charley and Carrie clung to their seats and tried to right the ship, while alarm klaxons cascaded throughout the hull.
“The planes!” Charley yelled over the reverberation.  “They’re jammed!”
Carrie had already seen that.  “I think the propulsors are offline too!  We’re sinking…feel it?”
Charley was grim. “Sonic pulsers, damn them!  Friggin’ Ponkti are serious today.  We’re listing to starboard…there must be a hull breach somewhere…seems like it’s coming from C deck…there are vital systems down there.  Get aft and check it out—“  
Carrie was just glad there was something she could do.  Following ALBERT’s guidance, she barreled down the central gangway.  
Up on the command deck, Charley was drenched in sweat, trying to keep up with all the warning flags on the console and all the alarm klaxons.
“…got to counterflood…try to stabilize the ship!  Maybe I can open enough air flasks to keep the breach from getting worse!  ALBERT, target source of the shocks.  Prime our own pulser!”
The ship’s AI acknowledged, then moments later, announced, “Sonic pulser bore-sighted on closest ship.  Full power available…recommend firing mode 1…”
“Fire now!” Charley yelled.  She held on as the acoustic weapon blasted gigawatts of sound into the water.  Briefly, she worried about all the pilgrims who’d likely be permanently deafened by the blast but it couldn’t be helped.  The Ponkti had started this. But now Omt’or would finish the engagement.
Several more pulses of Omt’or’s sonic weapon drove home the point.  Battered and bruised, the small fleet of Ponkti kip’ts backed off and allowed Omt’or to exit the Pillars boundary with no further interference. 
“Out of my way, guys.  This ship is one bad fish you don’t want to mess with,” Charley steered the ship up, planing toward the surface.  “ALBERT, status of hull breach—”
The ship’s computer responded instantly, the same calm soothing voice it always used.
“Minor hull breach contained on C deck…patch guidance and instructions offered to crew member UNKNOWN ID and successfully executed….”
Charley concentrated on stabilizing the ship, killing the counterflood and managing the surfacing operation.  “Very well.  ALBERT, I don’t want to run into any icebergs.  Report all surface contacts.”
“No significant contacts within radius of two hundred and ten meters…drift ice, small dimension.  Recommend steering course one five planning relative.  Breaching in ten seconds, present rate of ascent….”
Omt’or bobbed to the surface like a malevolent cork and wallowed for a few moments.  It was twilight, the seas were rough, winds fierce, whitecaps overtopping the bow in crashing and foaming sheets.
Something thumped heavily to the deck right behind Charley.  It was Carrie, losing her balance.
Sheepishly, she scrambled into the seat and took a few deep breaths.  Her uniform was soaked and she shivered uncontrollably.
“Your AI ALBERT…saved the day…” she gasped out, heaving in great gulps of air.  “Led me through the whole patch job.”
Charley knew they couldn’t stay on the surface long, not and keep their breakfast down.  “Yeah, ALBERT’s like that.  Like the father I wish I’d had.  Let’s get you back to the crew’s mess and dried off and cleaned up.  ALBERT, report all contacts…”
“Only contacts are a small force of kip’ts six hundred meters south, moving in parallel, Captain.”
“Probably the Ponkti, watching but keeping their distance.  Okay, ALBERT, take us back to Kinlok Island.  Best speed, depth and course.  Put those dirtbags behind us.  We’ll be in the crew’s mess.”
“Acknowledged,” came the silky voice of the AI.  
Charley helped Carrie down the gangway to the wardroom.

A new dry uniform, which didn’t really fit, some hot tea and something the fabs called pelagic stew, textured and salted, 25 grams returned some color to Carrie’s cheeks.  She sipped at a steaming mug of the stuff, made a slight face, then sipped some more.  Her face was wreathed in steam. 
“You really have a passion for these Seomish creatures, don’t you?”
Charley studied the time jumper from across the small table, nursing her own somewhat stronger drink.  “I know what your Time Twister did—will do—to this world.”
“The only way you could know that is if you traveled this worldline further down the timestream.  You do know about Time Guard General Order Number One: thou shalt not screw around with local timestreams.”
Charley stared back at her.  “We don’t have any such order in Farpool Service.”
“But there will be, in your future.  Probably because of what you’re talking about doing.”
Now, Charley sat back and closed her eyes.  She visualized all the destruction that was to come.  Some she had seen with her own eyes.  Some she had heard about from grandfather Chase Meyer, who’d actually lived in the End Times.
“I think there’s a higher truth here, Carrie.  I begged Major Dringoth to let me show you, or someone from your crew, what Seome is like.  Now you’ve seen some of it…there’s so much more.  I guess I’d do anything to save these people.”
Carrie sniffed at her mug, decided she’d had enough of this crap.  “If all the Seomish people are as touchy and fractious as the ones that attacked us, maybe they deserve what happens…what will happen.”
They said nothing for a few moments, then Charley decided she needed to be on the command deck, monitoring their course, checking in with ALBERT, watching the sounder for the first seabed rise, indicating their approach to Kinlok.  “Excuse me…I’ve got work to do.”
Carrie Ndiko followed, after a discreet interval of time and silently slid into the seat opposite Charley.  
Charley’s eyes were fixed on her instruments, showing Omt’or’s speed, course and depth.  
“So, where are we now?  I need to be getting back to my own ship.”
Charley pointed to the fathometer.  “See that?  It’s showing a slight rise in the seabed.  The Ponk’el Sea shallows rapidly as we approach Kinlok.  The whole island sits on an escarpment, like a seamount.”
“Charley, in the crew’s mess, you said you’d do anything.  What actually does that mean?”
“This is why we came to Seome in the first place.  To stop the Twister from destroying a beautiful civilization.  To stop the ak’loosh, as the Seomish call it.  To stop the End Days.”
“You do realize there’s a greater enemy out there?  This whole system’s right in the path of the Coethi advance.  The whole sector’s up from grabs.  If we give up this part of the Halo, the heart of the Alliance will be wide open.  The Twister’s got to be built and operated here to keep the Alliance from being split by the Coethi.  The Twister’s the only thing saving this world, this whole system.”
Charley’s lips formed a tight line.  “I’m asking the Major to find another way to deal with the Coethi.  Maybe we can help.  Don’t build the Twister.  Give these people a chance to live.”
“Charley, haven’t you seen what the Coethi do?  Without the Twister, they have no chance.”
“The Seomish don’t know about the Coethi or really anything beyond their ocean.  You know what they call the land and the air and anything beyond their ocean?  They call it the Notwater.”
“Looks to me like they fight each other all the time.”
Charley conceded the point.  “Seome does have a history of endless disputes, conflicts and warfare.”
“Like us and the Coethi,” Carrie decided.  “Parallel development, I guess.  War in the sea and war between the stars.  Look,” she pleaded, “the Twister is part of this worldline.  Whatever happens when we power up is part of this timestream.  You can’t go around playing God and trying to change things to suit yourself.”  Plus, Dringoth has direct orders from Commandstar.”
A chime intruded on their conversation.  It was ALBERT.
“Destination Kinlok Island ahead two point one kilometers,” the AI announced.  “Fathometer reading now at under fifty meters.  Shall I surface the ship?”
Charley checked everything.  “Okay, ALBERT.  Proceed.”
Momentarily, Omt’or began slowing noticeably.  The deck inclined slightly as ALBERT drove them toward the surface.  Seconds later, the ship breached and wallowed in the rough surf like a drunken seamother.  
“ALBERT, beach the ship for now.  We’ll re-position her later.”
“Of course, Captain.  Commencing approach now….”
Though she was not particularly seaworthy, ALBERT drove Omt’or forward through towering waves.  Through their portholes, through sheets of rain and dense fog, the ship plowed ahead and soon the first sounds of hull scraping could be heard.  Gingerly, ALBERT nosed them forward, then the ship settled awkwardly, rolled slightly to port and stopped, now careened firmly on the crunching gravel of the island’s western beach.
Charley began the power-down procedure, then a thought came to her.  “Carrie, do me a favor, when we get back to your ship.”
“Sure.  What do you want?”
“I want to know more about the Alliance and the Coethi wars.  Can you teach me about the history of this conflict?”
Chapter 2

Seome
Kinlok Island
767.7 Tk (Pre-ak’loosh Epoch of Tekpotu)
January 10, 2115 (Earth C.E.)

The schematics said it would take a crew of six at least three weeks to build a Time Twister.  Ultrarch-Major Dringoth said it would take two.
The Major called an all-hands briefing in Cygnus’ crew’s mess right at midday.  Charley had returned with Carrie Ndiko and Dringoth wanted to hear what his sensor tech had to report.  They were all there: Dringoth, Golich, Ndiko, Acth:On’e, Ariel Levee, the defensive systems tech and URME.  At Dringoth’s request, Charley had assembled her own crew as well: herself, Rey Diaz and Sandy Kilgorly.  Charlotte too, in her ever-present backpack hung on Rey’s shoulders.
Ndiko was wide-eyed.  “I saw it myself, Major.  There is an intelligent civilization down there.  We visited a pilgrimage site, saw some of their craft, almost got eaten by some kind of serpent and fought off some guards.”
Dringoth stroked his chin, idly fiddling with his moustache.  To Charley: “This civilization…you said the Twister would somehow affect them.  I don’t see how.”
“Major, your machine will have both good and bad effects.  I know this because—” here, she exchanged glances with Ndiko—“I’ve been there.  Further down this worldline, this timestream.”
That made Dringoth scowl.  “You have permission to do this?  Show me the orders.”
Charley said, “Not exactly.  This was supposed to be a test.  I promise I’ll explain later.  But the Twister will end up destroying Seomish civilization.  When it operates, it generates far-ranging acoustic shock waves across the ocean.  The shock waves destroy their cities, their whole way of life.”
“Leaving aside how exactly you know all this, you did say there were good effects as well.”
Charley said, “Exactly.  The good result is a side effect.  The Twister creates a field of intense vortexes in the ocean, intense whirlpools.  One of them will be so deep and intense, it becomes a wormhole.  That gives the Seomish a way to escape the destruction of their world.” 
Carrie Ndiko interjected.  “You said they have to emigrate to Urth.  I remember studying the history of that.”
“Yes, it was called Kel’vish’tu…the Great Exit.  The ones that escaped the supernova of Sigma Albeth—maybe twenty thousand—came to Earth.  To our oceans.  That caused all kinds of problems, problems in my time.  I’m here—we came here—to try and prevent that.”
Golich chimed in.  “I don’t remember any kind of expedition from that time to this hellhole, do you, Major?”
Dringoth shook his head.  “No, I don’t.  And it doesn’t matter.  Commandstar’s orders are very clear.  The Twister is to be assembled and operated from this place, at this time.  If there’s no Twister defending this sector of the Halo, the Coethi can drive a wedge right through the heart of the Alliance.  I’m sorry, Captain Meyer.  The Twister goes up as scheduled.  That’s 1st TD’s orders and that’s our mission.”
Charley was growing angrier by the moment. Does he have a brick for brains?  “In spite of what Carrie just reported?  You’d destroy a sophisticated civilization just because of orders?”
“What would you have me do?” Dringoth retorted.  “I can’t disobey direct orders.  And if the Twister weren’t put up here, the Coethi would obliterate this whole system as easily as you drink that juice.”
Charley and Rey locked eyes and, in that moment, Rey knew exactly what Charley was about to do.  He tried to shake his head no, a subtle sort of shake, but she ignored him.
“Major, what if I offered the services of my crew in helping you build and set-up the Twister?”
“Why would you do that?  And what the hell do you know about this equipment anyway?  We barely understand it ourselves.”
Charley was thinking fast, and ignoring Rey’s increasingly agitated warnings—his eyes, his head, his hands, all said NO…DON’T DO THIS, CHARLEY. PLEASE DON’T DO THIS….
“With our help—under your guidance, of course—you could get the Twister up faster.  As a reward for our helping, you could take a few days and see for yourself how the Seomish live.  Once you see what’s at stake, I’m sure you’ll change your mind.  I’m sure we can find ways to follow your orders and still keep Seomish civilization intact.”
Dringoth took off his cap and vigorously scratched his head.  He rubbed tired eyes.  His mouth moved but nothing came out.  Then he started to say something, thought better of it, then slowly and deliberately bit off his words: “I should have my head examined.   Commandstar will string me up for even considering this.  All right, Captain Meyer…you win.  For now.  I’ll pair your people with mine.  This afternoon, we’ll all go over the details of how this gadget is put together. Tomorrow morning, 0700 hours, we get started.”
Dringoth dismissed the ship’s crew and Charley studiously avoided eye contact with Rey Diaz as they left Cygnus and clambered across the ridge back to their own ship.  Once inside on Omt’or’s command deck, Rey grabbed her by the shoulders and jerked her around to face him.
“Gilly girl, I know you too well.  You’ve got something going on in that devious little mind of yours and I’m sure I’ll hate it.”
Charley carefully removed his hands from her shoulders, finger by finger.  Then she bunched up his fingers into a ball and kissed them.
“Don’t you get it, beefjerk?  If we can learn how the Twister works, we can make it ‘unwork.’”
“You’re talking about sabotage, aren’t you?”
“That’s just a word.  I’m talking about keeping the Seomish safe.  Letting them have their world.”
Rey took Charley’s face in his hands and looked right into it, nearly nose to nose.  “You are playing a really dangerous game here, girl.  Dringoth may be right about the Coethi.  The Bugs are coming this way and this Twister is the only thing that can stop them. You heard the Major.  The whole Alliance could be threatened. You want that on your conscience?  
“Hey—” she removed his hands from her head, “—you knew what this trip was all about.  You know what happened when Seomish refugees first arrived in Earth’s oceans.  We can fix that, Rey, you dope.  Don’t you see that?  We can change that.”
Rey sighed heavily, glared at Sandy Kilgorly, who just shrugged.  What can you do with her?  “Time Guard’s General Order Number One came from Farpool Service regulations.  You and I both know that.  You’re violating some pretty serious regs here.”
“Yeah, well it’s not like we’re going back to Earth anyway…the Bugs are already moving in.  Humans are scattering to the far stars…we just happened to wind up at Trappist-1 and Shooki.”  Charley sat down heavily in the captain’s seat.  “All I know is that I have to do this.  When the Ponkti—the Urku Ponkti on Earth—came after my home at Keenomsh’pont, I had to act.  I had to defend my home.”
“Seome isn’t your home, Charley.”
“Where is home now?” she answered back.  “Earth’s probably overrun by the Coethi now.  So’s the whole solar system.  Is Shooki our home?  Is it this ship?”
Rey sat down in the XO’s chair, while Sandy disappeared down the gangway, carrying little Charlotte with him.  “She’s hungry,” he told them. 
Rey nodded and waved them off.  “I don’t know.”  He shrugged.  “I don’t know anymore.  What about Charlotte?  Where’s her home?”
  “Rey, you do what you feel is best. Me…I’m connected to this place.  In some kind of weird way, I’m descended from these people.  My grandfather Chase Meyer came here a  hundred years ago.  He went through conicthyosis, to be able to live with the Seomish.  Grandmom Angie too.  I came from them, from that decision.  That’s how Amphibs came to be.  If I don’t do this…if I don’t do something to save the Seomish…” she held out her hands, “then I have no home.”  She looked at the webs between her fingers.  “This is the last stop for me.”
They said nothing for long time, then Charley decided to go aft and see how Charlotte was doing.  Rey stayed on the command deck for a long time, thinking, wondering.
 Somehow, some way, for better or worse, the decision had been made.  There was no point in discussing the matter further.
Only the details remained.

For most of the next morning, Charley and Carrie Ndiko had been assigned the job of unpacking and staging the Twister’s chronotron pods on Kinlok Island’s narrow spit of a beach.  It was a typical day at the island, though the winds had abated somewhat.  Dark clouds scudded by overhead and a chill ice fog had settled in over the beach.
Ndiko had given Charley a pair of dataspecs which showed her what to do with the pods and how to do it, step by step.
“You handled your ship well underwater,” the sensor tech told Charley.  “Our ship Cygnus couldn’t have done that.”
“Well, I skippered a rescue mission in my own time.  The Sol system.  Jupiter’s moon Europa.  We encountered something unexpected in that ocean.”
“I remember that from History.  The first official encounter between humans and the Coethi.”
“We didn’t know what they were at the time.”
Ndiko thought for a moment.  “We later learned that what you encountered wasn’t the main formation.  Just advance scouts.  A probe into the Sol system.”
“Scared everybody so much half the human race fled the planet.”
“Ah, yes…the Great Exit.”
Charley finished stacking some pods.  “Tell me more about the Coethi.  The conflict with the Bugs.”
The two of them decided to take a break and head over to Omt’or, still beached a few hundred meters away.  Inside the wardroom, Charley fabbed two mugs of hot tea. 
Ndiko wrapped her chilled fingers around her mug.  “The first official engagement came centuries after you.  And before my time too.  The Incident at Hapsh’m, it was called.  Hapsh’m is a world in the Epsilon Eridani system, charter member of the Alliance.  There was one mission called Operation Galactic Hammer, which saw a small detachment of jumpships return to base and the base came under immediate attack from Coethi scouts who had hidden in the ships –they had morphed into human-like creatures-- and returned with the Umans.  The Time Guard base at Hapsh’m was in a hell of a fight but Jump Master Oscar Keaton was able to rally a small force of mechanics, cooks, armorers, and office staff, including some bots, to counter-attack and destroy the Coethi, though some did escape back into another time stream.  For this effort, Keaton was awarded a Distinguished Valor medal, actually a DVM 3rd class with star clusters, and promoted to Jump Sergeant.”
“That wasn’t the only encounter, I’m sure.”
“Not at all.  The Incident occurred in 2766 CE, by your reckoning.  Then came 2802.  Oscar Keaton met Monthan Dringoth in the Time Guard Academy at Byrd’s Draconis back then.  What followed is what has become known as The Battle of the Gauntlet.  Monthan Dringoth had graduated from Time Guard Academy and was assigned to jumpship Majoris.  In this engagement, Majoris was basically destroyed but Dringoth and some of her crew survived and were marooned in Time Stream T-4487 for days before being picked up by another jumpship.  It was Dringoth who kept most of the group alive and together during this time.  Although he and the survivors suffered grievous injuries, his efforts saved twenty brave men, woman and several invaluable bots.  He received a Legion of Merit medal for this.  Dringoth knows firsthand what it’s like to be marooned in alternate time streams…or marooned in voidtime.”
“The Bugs were advancing everywhere?”
“It seemed like it.”  Ndiko closed her eyes.  “Then came the Encounter at Gibbons Grotto.  Eight years after the Battle of the Gauntlet, the Coethi decided to send a force recon element into the Sturdivant system, near the intersection of the Inner Spiral and Lower Halo, a contested region of space known colloquially as The Bulge.  They made a covert penetration at Keaton’s World, the fifth planet—that’s where I’m from-- and began reconnoitering and systematically eliminating human settlements in the great underground ice labyrinth known as the Hollows, inside a satellite of Keaton’s World called Gibbons’ Grotto.  This dwarf planet was hollow inside with thousands of kilometers of caves, caverns, grottoes, mazes and warrens.   The Coethi force was eventually engaged by Time Guard forces commanded by (now) Ultrarch-Captain Dringoth, who had to fan out through thousands of kilometers of caves, tunnels and warrens, and systematically engage and eliminate the Coethi.  It was a dirty, grinding, bloody and barbaric campaign.  The Lieutenants said it was reminiscent of another battle centuries before, a place called Iwo Jima.”
“Umans have been engaging the Coethi for centuries.  And to think it started in the oceans of Europa.”
“We could have done more in the beginning,” Ndiko said, “if we’d understood the threat for what it was.  After Gibbons’ Grotto, Time Guard decided to set up a new weapon to sweep certain critical sectors of disputed space clean of Coethi and resolutely defend these sectors.  The new weapon was to be called a Time Twister.  It’s an area weapon.  Installing and using the Time Twister will hopefully allow Time Guard to more efficiently patrol critical time streams with limited jumpship resources, while ‘sanitizing’ critical sectors of the Lower Halo.”  Ndiko finished off her tea.  “That’s how we wound up here.”
Charley considered that.  “I’m sure Farpool Service in my time morphed into Time Guard in your time.  I really want to know more about how the Twister works.”
“Use your datapsecs.”  Ndiko rose.  “Now, we’d better get back to work before Dringoth chews off our hides.”
They resumed work.  The two crews worked together to unload all the parts of the Twister and stage them on the beach near the stacks of pods.  Charley saw the sections of the Twister laid out like pieces of a jigsaw puzzle on the rocks and sand, slings and nets full of chronotron pods, mooring cables, foundation pads, all the parts that somehow, they had to put together.
Not to mention raising the singularity engine in its crate from Cygnus’ cargo bay, the thing that powered the Twister.
For several days, they worked long hours.  Dringoth was everywhere, using a memory tab with all the details and instructions to guide the process…put this here, attach that there, plug this into that and I think these fit like this...only when fatigue set in and he could no longer keep his eyes open, did Dringoth relent and rest.  He slept every night, fitfully, in his quarters aboard Cygnus.  But never more than a few hours and when he could no longer sit still, driven by the knowledge that so much was depending on him, he left the ship and sometimes roamed alone about the worksite, just watching. 
Through it all, Charley tried to concentrate on what she was learning but she found focusing on all the myriad details increasingly difficult.  It was the voidtime syndrome robbing her of memory…and robbing her of other things as well. 
First came the foundation pads, to be buried deeply in the seabed and supported by rock and anchors securing them to the hard limestone of the plain around the island.  After the foundation pads were in place, anchors for mooring cables were set in place.  Then the sections of the Twister’s outer shell and casing were towed by a small skimmer and attached to the cables.  
After the casing sections had been towed into place and fastened to their moorings, the sections had to be joined together.  Then came the chronotron pods, rounded up from their holding nets and positioned on top of the Twister, the part that rose above the surface.  Here Lieutenant Golich did much of the precision work, shoving and heaving the pods into their mounts and securing them with fasteners and an odd joint he called thermosaur teeth, named for a flying lizard on Keaton’s World he’d encountered too many times.  Not actually teeth, though Charley wondered, but composite hinged claws and grabbers that clenched opposing sides of a structure just like a mouth filled with teeth clenched its prey.
After many days of exhausting work, it was time for a brave crew to enter Cygnus’ shielded cargo bay and retrieve the singularity engine.
The first step was to remove the core and deposit it on the seabed while adjustments were made—the core emitted radiation vigorously and the ocean waters would help attenuate that and make operations safer.  When the time came to hoist the core to the apex of the Twister casing and deposit in its tube, the singularity engine was gingerly floated out of the seabed trench and rose like a fistful of whirlpools up toward the surface.  Ndiko and Acth:On’e, along with Charley, Golich and Sandy Kilgorly helped guide the ascent, pulling and manipulating on steering cables, to keep the thing straight.  Still fastened to its pallet, the engine couldn’t actually be seen for all the foam and froth its currents generated.  Rising steadily, the engine looked like a big mobile water drain, currents and waves and white-hot steam bubbling in a stewpot of turbulence.  It seemed to be sucking in all the water around them and Dringoth ordered all non-essential personnel to back off a good distance.
When the pallet broke the surface, it vented and hissed and crackled like a lightning bolt, churning the seas around it for dozens of meters.  Acth:On’e had designed a hoist arrangement to haul the crate up onto the Twister deck and across its outer shell to the core tube at the apex of the huge dish-shaped structure.  The maneuver took several hours but when the singularity engine was unhooked and slid off its pallet into the tube, the crews all cheered, though their cheers were muffled from within lifesuits.  
The wormhole generator slid down roughly into its tube, still crackling, venting and hissing and was gone.  
Now, to hook it all up, Dringoth told himself, and apply power.
A control center of sorts had been constructed atop the island’s central ridge, really a collapsed lava tube, overlooking the beach.  Cabling to the Twister was run and the machine was ready to be powered up.  Dringoth drifted nervously about the control center, watching everything with a critical eye.  He didn’t seem to mind Charley right behind him, studying everything, with an equally curious eye.    
The plan was to perform the powerup procedure and carefully monitor the results.  For safety’s sake, the rest of the crew had been ordered back several hundred meters, in case the Twister hiccupped or did something unexpected.  
Dringoth gave the word.  Power was applied.  The singularity engine was engaged.  Then on the Twister deck several kilometers out to sea, the chronotron pods began to turn.
For many minutes, as the Twister spun up, the waters around Kinlok Island grew turbulent, crashing and foaming and bubbling as great forces were slowly uncaged and released.  The first vortex columns appeared shortly afterward and soon became white-hot, steaming caldrons as the pods jerked spacetime into their clutches and the waters flashed with immense, barely contained energies.  
Ndiko was exultant.  “Jikonata onwe gi…”she whispered.  “Hold on to your hats…it’s our first whirlpools…we’ve done it!”
Golich smiled broadly.  “The damn thing actually works…it actually works!”
“Set up for the first test,” Dringoth ordered.  “I’ll check with TACTRON.  If there are any Bugs in this sector, we can test the Twister on them.”
Through all this, Charley had made careful notes.  She also knew that with the Twister now operating, the shock waves would soon be upon the Seomish.  
She broached an idea to Dringoth.  “Major, I’d like to take my ship out for a little recon.  Measure the effects of the Twister on the oceans…the acoustics, shock waves, temperature changes, see if the vortex fields are forming.”
Dringoth shrugged.  “Side effects…I could care less.  This is an area weapon.  The only effects I care about are what this gadget does to the Bugs.  Go ahead and run your little studies.  But when the Coethi show up, I plan to yank ‘em out of the here and now faster than you can say Bug splat.”
That evening, aboard Omt’or, Charley convened a special briefing in the crew’s mess.  For the first time, she broached the idea of sabotaging the Twister, so it wouldn’t work, wouldn’t create the shock waves and devastate Seome.
“That’s pretty dangerous,” Rey Diaz said.  “Remember what Carrie said about messing around with the time stream.”
Kilgorly was intrigued with the technical challenge.  “You know enough to pull this off?”
Charley said, “I’ve been following the assembly and power-up closely.”  She waved her dataspecs at them.  “These have everything.  I was supposed to turn these in but I haven’t yet.  I tried to download some key details but it’s copy-protected.”
Rey was nervous about the whole idea.  “Charley, think about this.  First TD is a military outfit.  They’ve got a mission.  There is a dangerous enemy out there.  If you sabotage the Twister, you might be saving the Seomish only to doom this whole world later.  Give this idea up.  Let’s think and find another way.”
Opinions were flung back and forth, arguments and finger-pointing erupted, but nothing was settled that night.  After Charley had taken Charlotte and retired to her own quarters to cuddle, Rey ran into Kilgorly in Omt’or’s engineering shop.
“I know her,” Rey said.  “She’s got Dringoth’s permission to make this little exploratory trip around the area. She’ll use that to do something to the Twister…I’m sure of it.  Maybe she’ll listen to you.”
Kilgorly pointed out.  “I doubt that.  This was the very reason she wanted to come here, isn’t it?  In any case, Omt’or’s not quite ready for any trip.  We’ve still got several days of repairs to make.  That attack from the Ponkti on her last trip damaged her vanes and rudders.  They’ve all got to be repaired and properly tested before we shove off anywhere.”
Rey shook his head.  “It’s that damned voidtime syndrome.  She’s not thinking straight.  It’s affecting her judgment.”
The Aussie shrugged.  “Hey, if you got mutiny on your mind, count me out.  This is Charley’s ship.  We do what she says.”
“Even if it kills us?”  
Kilgorly went back the damaged flow vane he was machining.
Constantly pressed and badgered by Charley, Kilgorly completed all repairs to Omt’or in two days.  After a brief and hurried systems test, Charley pronounced herself satisfied.  She carefully avoided the accusing stare from Rey Diaz.
“Dringoth gave me permission to make this little recon around the Twister site.  That’s all I’m doing.” 
With that, the ship was powered up, and Charley carefully backed them off the beach and out into deeper water.  
“The vortex fields are forming,” Charley told them.  “But I don’t know if the Farpool has formed yet.  We have to find it, see what it’s doing.”
With Charley driving and Rey in the second seat watching her every move, they set out, skirting several smallish whirlpools dancing over the top of the seabed like watery wraiths.  Currents were strong and confused; slipping through the tricky tides and waves and surges of the vortex fields took some nimble maneuvering.    
“There’s something strong up ahead,” said Rey.  “Feel it…it’s already dragging us in.”
Charley pulled hard to navigate through the battering of whirling columns of water, all of them spinoffs from the startup of the Twister.  Each vortex reached out in turn, clutching at them, knocking themselves sideways, upside down.  It was a tight squeeze,
“Watch out for that one!” yelled Rey.  A massive tornado of water appeared out of  nowhere.  It seemed to split the sea top to bottom, twisting and corkscrewing like a thing alive.
They were soon embedded in a forest of whirlpools, new ones forming left and right, appearing and disappearing in seconds, as the Time Twister’s chronotron pods grabbed spacetime and yanked it.  The whirlpools were an inevitable side effect of the Twister’s operation.
Charley struggled with the controls, slamming them first one way, then another.  For a few minutes, Rey held his breath, not sure they would be able to break free.  The ship was thrashed and spun and yanked in all directions at once and only Charley’s reflexes—Rey had worried about the effects of the syndrome on her piloting skills—got them through the worst of the  vortex fields. 
Finally, they found calmer water, having navigated the vortexes from one end to the other.  Charley took them deeper and that’s when all of them heard the sound for the first time.
Charley winced.  “Hear that?  The Twister’s making that racket.  Acoustic shock waves, all frequencies.  History is playing out, just like before.  It’s traveling along the deep sound channels around the whole world.”  Her face was a mix of somber and grim as she shook her head sadly.
They listened for a few minutes.
“Sounds like a big heart beat,” Sandy offered.  
Charley closed her eyes for a moment, visualizing the landslides, the avalanches, the relentless percussive pounding of the Twister, sending wave after wave of shock waves around the world.  The Seomish called it the Sound and it spelled death and destruction with every beat.
She could hear the words of her grandfather Chase Meyer, describing the chaos…. the repeaters sang of a great landslide, near Omsh’pont.  Great destruction, a whole seamount collapsed…it was the wavemaker…all that noise and vibration….  
Rey’s voice interrupted her thoughts.  “Pressure increasing, off the port bow.  Looks like a really deep vortex.”
Charley steered them through a dizzying array of smaller whirlpools, to within a half kilometer of the pressure pulse.
“That must be it,” she decided.  “It’s the original Farpool, forming right in front of us.”
“Pressure drop increasing…don’t get too close, Charley.”
She steered them around the outer perimeter of the Farpool, cranking in just enough rudder to keep Omt’or under some semblance of control.   
“Wow,” muttered Sandy Kilgorly.  “That really is a powerful sound the Twister makes.  No wonder the Seomish hated it.”
From somewhere aft, in her crib and audible through ALBERT’s monitor, Charlotte began crying.
“It was…is…devastating.  Eventually, the kels got together and tried to make a shield to stop it.  It didn’t work.”  Momentarily, she had an idea: maybe she could drive Omt’or right through the Twister’s anchoring cables, even its control cables.  But she quickly dispensed with that idea.
Patience, girl, patience.  Now’s not the time.
Charley nosed them around the outer bands of the Farpool, probing, measuring, testing its strength.  When she was satisfied, she steered out of the vortex fields and came about, ascending toward the surface, heading back toward the beach at Kinlok Island.
“At least, we now have a way home,” Rey observed.
An insistent beep from the console attracted their attention.  
“Sonar contact,” Sandy said.  He occupied a seat behind Charley on the command deck, monitoring sensors and surveillance gear.  “Bearing one seven five, behind us.  Submerged, looks like…maybe three thousand meters.  Strange returns too—”
“Another ship?” Charley asked.
“If it is, it’s awfully small.  About the size of a person.”
“Pipe it up here.”
Sandy complied and she listened to the odd ululations of the contact.  Then it hit her.
“That’s no ship.  It’s a repeater.”
Rey was puzzled.  “A what?”
“Ootstek, the Seomish call them.  A deep-lying sound channel that sends messages all around the world.  Also known as a repeater, the ootstek form one of the most important of all em’kels, their craft guilds.  Their work is pretty lonely and demanding.  They back up the automatic functioning of the ootkeeor.  Repeaters roam on station in the boundary waters between the kels and, when the ootkeeor is not working properly, it is their duty to listen for and repeat any and all messages that come through.  Repeaters traditionally have magnificent voices as well as acute hearing.”
Sandy listened closely.  “It almost sounds like he’s singing.”
“He is singing.  That’s how they remember and transmit their message.  Every kel has these guys.  Let’s try to find him.”
Charley drove Omt’or closer and closer, homing on the repeater’s song.  Moments later, she brought the ship to all stop.
“Where is he, Sandy?”
“Just abeam of us…maybe a hundred meters.  He’s just cruising along, like we’re not even here.”
“They’re trained to do that.  I’d like to see if I can talk with him, learn what’s going on.”
Rey looked puzzled.  “How do you propose to do that?”
Charley had an idea.  “Sandy, warm up the suppressor.  Give him a low-power shot.”
“Are you crazy?  That’ll kill him.”
“No, it won’t.  Not on low power.  I just want to knock him silly, and bring him aboard.  I can meet him in the airlock.”
Against his wishes, Sandy uncaged the suppressor emitter, and warmed it up.  On Charley’s signal, he blasted two pulses.
Sandy then studied the sonar display.  “He’s stopped roaming.  Just floating in the water.”
Charley was already headed down the gangway.  “Keep him abeam of us, Sandy.  I’m going out.”
“I’m coming too,” Rey told her.  His voice brooked no dissent.
Out of Omt’or’s airlock, Charley emerged into the fiercely cold, icy waters of the Ponk’el Sea.  The cold sucked the very breath out of her and she coughed and gagged, trying to get her reluctant gills to work.  Small chunks of ice swirled past her as she stroked for the repeater, a dim prostrate form drifting away on the prevailing currents.  They were still near enough to the vortex fields to need some steering way to maintain position.
Better hurry, or the currents will pull us away from the ship.
She snagged the repeater—he was clearly an older male, from the wrinkles around his beak, the age spots on his forepaddles—and buddy-dogged him back to the airlock.  The lock would have to stay filled with water.  Charley knew there was an echopod somewhere inside.  She knew she could survive in the water, even if her teeth were chattering so bad that her jaw hurt.  The question was: could she communicate with the repeater?  
She got him inside, and cycled the lock shut.  The repeater’s eyes fluttered open and while Charley was trying to get the echopod turned on and operating, he thrashed and flailed about, startled at her appearance.
After fighting with the repeater in the tight confines of the airlock, she got him calmed down.  She tried the echopod.
“Who are you?  What is your name?  What are you singing about today?”
The reply came out of the echopod as a screech.  “Shhkkreeah…kkllqqkkll…wish….klqqrrtq….”
Charley made some adjustments to the echopod, and his voice came out slightly more understandable.
“…kkkllqq…who…qqsshhkk…what….”
Charley introduced herself and explained what had happened.  She soon learned that the repeater was Ponkti and his name was Kukto.  She knew she needed to hurry with this; interfering with a Ponkti repeater in the Ponk’el Sea was an offense punishable by death.  Her crew had already run afoul of Ponkti guards when approaching the Pillars of Shooki.
“What is your song, old man?”
Eventually, the repeater Kukto calmed down enough, realizing Charley meant him no harm.  He trilled out the songs he had been repeating on his endless orbits above the sound layer….
“O’, loosheen…the Sound…the fury…the waves and the pain….”
After listening carefully to his words, and consulting the echopod for meanings, she managed to reconstruct the gist of his words.  The news was ominous and she listened as Kukto repeated the refrain again and again, each time tweaking the echopod.  But there was no mistaking their import.
She decided not to hold him any longer and cycled open the airlock.  The repeater stared back at her for a brief moment, not sure what was happening, then bolted out into the water and was gone in a second, stroking powerfully back to his station, back to his endless cruising through the Ponk’el Sea, singing out the news and messages in a booming voice that the sound channel would carry on for hundreds of kilometers…a timeless tradition from old Seome, drenched in history and myth.   
Outside the lockout, Charley let Rey dry her off and they both went back to the command deck.
“Well?” Sandy asked.
Charley told the Aussie to plot a speed course back to Kinlok.  “Bad news.  It’s what I was afraid of.”
“You could actually talk to that fish…understand him?”
Charley said, “His songs speak of a gathering of the kels, all the kels.  They’re forming some kind of assault force.  They’re planning an attack, Sandy.  An attack on the Twister.  An attack on the Uman base at Kinlok.”
Sandy looked at Rey.  Is it the syndrome?, his eyes asked.  Rey shrugged.
“An attack?”
“To stop the destructive effects of the Twister.  It’s in the timeline.  It actually happened.  But it wasn’t successful.”
“Shouldn’t we warn Dringoth?” Rey said.  
Charley concentrated on her instruments, bringing the ship around to Sandy’s heading.  Kinlok was only a few minutes away.
“No.  We shouldn’t.  Don’t say anything.”
“But that’s insane,” Rey said.  “They…we…have a right to defend ourselves.  We have a duty to tell Dringoth.”
“No,” Charley said, more firmly.  “No…I have a better idea.”
“Like leaving this place and going home?” Rey asked, hopefully.
“It’s an idea I’ve been thinking about.  Maybe I can somehow meet with the Coethi themselves.  Negotiate with them. Like an envoy or an ambassador or something.  Convince them to divert away from Sigma Albeth and this world.”
Rey smothered a little chuckle.  “Did you hit your head on something, Charley?  I thought you said you wanted to negotiate with the Bugs.”
“Hey, don’t be so snide, beefjerk.  I want to discuss this with Dringoth.  I’ve got some ideas—”
“Yeah, it was one of your ideas that brought us to this sewer of a world in the first place.”  When Charley started to object, Rey held up a hand.  “Sorry.  I didn’t mean that.  It’s just that there’s nothing in the historical record for T-001 that says any such thing ever happened.  “You’re messing with the timeline, Charley,” he told her. “We need some kind of farpool to ever get back to Shooki and our friends and family.”  
But Charley was insistent, even adamant.  “If the Coethi could be convinced to avoid the Sigma Albeth system, there won’t be any need for a Time Twister.  There are other ways to create a farpool for Omt’or to use to return home.”
At Charley’s insistence, nothing was said to Dringoth or the Cygnus crew about the repeater’s warning.  She reported only that the vortex fields were forming properly and the recon seemed to show no impediments to operation of the Twister.
For a while after dinner, Charley lay in her bunk with Charlotte cuddled close.  She closed her eyes, and remembered her grandfather Chase’s stories about coming to Seome.  
“He’s likely here now,” she decided.  “In this timeline.  And he’d surely approve of what I’m doing…wait a minute…I’ve got something here—” She suddenly remembered she had files of his stories, even of his time on Seome.  Files about the Sound, the wavemaker--as the Seomish called the Time Twister--files about the shield the Seomish had tried—and failed—to erect.
She tapped out a few buttons on her wristpad and, while Charlotte snored peacefully in her arms, a blurry 3d vid opened up over her bunk.  It was a vid from a long time ago, years, even decades, ago—

Charley awakened with a start—jeez, I must have been exhausted—and shut down the vid and the cloud of images collapsed in a spray of light.  Charlotte was still asleep, snoring peacefully.  Otherwise, the ship seemed quiet.
The truth was that the shield had failed.  Grandfather Chase had told her that.  The shield had been torn off the Time Twister and the sound and the shock waves returned.
Now it’s my turn to finish the job, she told herself.   To make you proud of your little amphib granddaughter. She waited a few moments, hearing nothing.  Quietly, she assigned ALBERT to watch Charlotte, to awaken Rey if she needed anything.
“Of course, Captain.  You are leaving the ship now?”
“ALBERT, keep your voice down.  I’ve got a job to do.”
The ship’s computer said nothing.
She stole out the airlock, bundled up against the fierce wind gusts and made her way carefully up an icy slope to the control hut the Umans had erected.  No one else was around.  The Umans had all retired to their own ship.  
Out to sea, invisible in the chill fog but still audible, she heard the rhythmic thump-thump-thump of the Twister, sucking in tons of water with each cycle of its chronotron pods.  She clambered slipping and sliding toward the hut and pushed her way in, grateful to be free of the wind which cut like a knife.
Charley set to work, assisted by datapsecs which showed her how the systems worked.  The key, she knew, would be the T-buffers, which moderated the twist field generated by the core.  Studying the specs every night, she had worked out in detail exactly what to do and how to do it.
Now, Charley set to work.  
It was all done in less than ten minutes.   
Once outside the hut, she heard the change in pitch as the Twister began spinning down.  Hurriedly, Charley hustled back down the hill to Omt’or, still careened on the beach, entered and resumed her sojourn with Charlotte in her bunk, cooing softly to her daughter to keep her own nerves from getting the best of her.

Monthan Dringoth was apoplectic at the discovery the next morning.  Acth:On’e had been the first to see the alarms and warning flags and reported that the Twister was down.  Dringoth stormed about Cygnus, then bounded up to the control hut to see for himself.
“Can’t you people do anything right?  The flags are showing problems with T-buffers eight through twelve.  Have none of you ever heard of preventive maintenance…checking things out?”
Golich was already deep in troubleshooting, his head buried in wiring under the consoles.  “We’re tracking the fault down now, Major.  I’ll have it pinpointed pretty soon…I hope.”
“You hope?” Dringoth’s moustache bristled like a thing alive.  “Last sensor sweep showed a band of Bugs three days away…and heading right for us.  You guys must have a death wish…get that blasted thing working now or we’ll be Bug food by the end of the week.”
Furious and shaking with rage, Dringoth forced himself to calm down and stepped outside the hut to collect his wits.  He ran right into Charley Meyer coming up the hill.
“What the hell do you want, Captain Meyer? We’re right in the middle of a crisis here.”
Charley played innocent and let Dringoth take out his frustrations on her for a few moments.  Then she offered a suggestion.
“Major, may I offer another possibility?  Something you may not have considered before.”
Dringoth swore and spat.  “What possibility?”
Charley had practiced this little speech for days.  “Major, the great time jumper Sun Tzu once said ‘He who is skilled in attack flashes forth from the topmost heights of heaven.’”
Dringoth scowled, wiping his face dry from the ice fog.  “What the hell does that mean?”
“Major, it means, maybe we’re going at the Coethi the wrong way.  Maybe the trick is to get inside the swarm.  Penetrate.  Get behind their defenses.  Maybe we can find a way to negotiate a truce with them.  Like a cease-fire or an armistice.  Stall for time.  Especially with the Twister down like it is.”
“Bugs don’t negotiate, Captain.  You know that.  They just absorb everything.”
Charley explained what she had encountered during the Europa rescue mission.  “We know now that was an advance guard of the Coethi, inside our own solar system.  The Ponkti—one of the water clans here on Seome—had a base below the ice at Europa.  They were trying to communicate with the Coethi.”
Dringoth dimly recalled his history.  “Did it work?  I seem to recall the effort was a total failure.”
“It didn’t work but the Ponkti went about the effort the wrong way.  Give me a chance, Major.  Give me a chance to prove we can deal with the Bugs.”
“Why would I want to do that?”
Charley said, “It makes sense, tactically.  The Twister’s down.  You need time to troubleshoot and repair. I can buy you that time.  Let me take my ship right into that swarm and do a little recon.  Maybe I can learn something we can use…a critical weakness, an undefended sector.  Maybe I can even convince them to halt their advance.”
Dringoth scoffed at that.  “Why would an amphib time jumper like you have any better chance of success when decades of Alliance operations and engagements with the Bugs haven’t?” 
Charley glared right at the Major.  “Because I’m different.  You said so yourself.  I don’t think like you, like any of you.  I’m from another time.  I’ve got crazy ideas, insane ideas.  I’m prepared to do the unexpected.  The Bugs have spent decades, just like you said, engaging Umans and the Alliance.  They know your tactics.  They know how you operate and how to respond.  Me…they don’t know.  I’m an unknown factor.”
Dringoth motioned them both back inside the control hut, where Golich, Levee, Acth:On’e and URME were all engaged in tracking down problems with the Twister’s T-buffers.  He found a small canteen and made them both some hot tea.
“I hate this place, Captain.  I hate the mission and I hate having to deal with Bugs everywhere I turn.  I’m tired of all this…look—” he sat down heavily on a bench and wiped tired eyes, peeling off icicles from his hair—“…what you say makes sense in a cock-eyed tactical sort of way.  But you’ll have to take your own ship…if it’s even flyable.  I can’t spare anybody from this—” he swept his arms around.  “I’ve got to get the Twister up and operating before that band of Bugs comes within range…maybe about two days.  I can give you that much.  But no more.”
Charley resisted a strong urge to kiss the man.  “Oh, we’ll make Omt’or flyable, Major.  We could have used the new Farpool to make the trip, but with the Twister down—in any case, Omt’or can create her own wormhole, if her core’s still intact.  We’ll need some kind of tracking support from you…and temporal coordinates to make the jump.”
Dringoth nodded solemnly.  “Ndiko’s our sensor tech.  She can do that.”  He watched his people scurrying about the hut, tracking down more faults, pulling cables and fiber, testing connections.  “I should have my head examined for this…but we’re in a bind here.  I’ll try to clear it with Commandstar.”
What Dringoth didn’t count on was the pleading from Carrie Star-Ndiko, once she had heard of Charley’s plan, to be allowed to join Omt’or’s crew.
“Major,” Ndiko begged, “it’ll help with coordination.  I know the tactics.  I know Alliance strategy.  I know how to massage our sensors to get maximum resolution out of them.  If I was part of the Captain’s crew, we could synchronize operations much more smoothly.  The Twister’ll be up and running soon.  With me in Omt’or’s crew, I can work as a forward spotter, looking for weak points, undefended sectors, gaps in the Bugs’ defenses.  It makes sense.”
“That’s what bothers me,” Dringoth said.  “It does make sense.  I should have thought of this myself.  You two aren’t in cahoots with each other, are you?”
A flicker of sympathy crossed the Ultrarch-Major’s face; his eyes softened their hard gaze.  “This is a serious request?”
“Yes, sir.  It is.”
Dringoth took a deep breath and looked to Acth:On’e for some kind of support.  “You…Carrie, you understand what this means, don’t you?  The Coethi, I mean—“
“I understand, sir.  I’m prepared to absolve you of any official responsibility.”
Dringoth stared blankly out to sea, watching the surf pile up around the headlands that guarded the bay.  “No, no, I didn’t mean that.”  He reached for Ndiko’s hand and held it tightly.  “I suppose you never did really fit in that well.”  He shook his head sadly.  “Casualties of war…voidtime does that to people.  I lost a friend that way—an Elamoid fellow, you know how they are, half machine and half lizard.  We blipped into voidtime together and both took a hit from a Coethi timecrasher.  I blipped back to truetime.  He never returned.”  Dringoth relived the experience and sighed.  “I guess you’ve gone through enough, Ndiko.  Three hundred plus terrs in voidtime is enough sacrifice for any warrior.  Time Guard shouldn’t keep sending them out like that.”
“Then I can go with Omt’or?”
“Let me think about it.”
After insistent pleading all afternoon and some pointed questions while they wolfed down cold rations, Dringoth finally relented against his better judgment.  Convincing himself that URME could take over her duties, he decided to allow his only sensor tech Carrie Star-Ndiko to accompany Charley Meyer and her Omt’or crew on what he was sure would be a hopeless, perhaps even a suicidal mission.
The real trick would be trying to explain this to Commandstar.  
 
Chapter 3

Seome
Kinlok Island
769.5 Tk (Pre-ak’loosh Epoch of Tekpotu)
January 21, 2115 (Earth C.E.)

Getting Omt’or flyable took longer than Charley had figured.   Sandy Kilgorly looked up from his workbench in the shop and just shook his head when Charley showed up on the deck.
“Your flow vanes and rudders took a hell of a shot from those acoustic weapons you ran into.  Not to mention the core and the propulsors.”
Charley studied the pieces of the disassembled flow vane on his bench.  “How long, Sandy?”
The Aussie rubbed a hand through thinning red hair.  “I’ve got to put this bugger back together first…this is the last one.  Then there’s installation and balancing, then calibration and testing.  Not to mention straightening out the propulsor nozzles.  And the core…blimey, what a mess, mate.”
“Okay, so it’s impossible.  How long?”
Kilgorly shrugged.  “A week, maybe less.”
“We don’t have a week, Sandy.  The Bugs are only a few days away.  And Dringoth may yet change his mind about all this.”
“Well, then I could—”
But his words were interrupted by a commotion one deck below.  Loud voices followed, then more commotion.  Moments later, Rey Diaz’ head popped into the hatch to E deck.  Major Dringoth and Lieutenant Golich were right behind.  The Umans shoved their way into the shop.
Dringoth waved a small tablet in Charley’s face.  “Know what this is, Captain Meyer?”
Charley shook her head.  “A birthday present?”
Dringoth was not amused.  “Orders.  From Commandstar.  Orders to impound your ship and take you all into custody.”
Charley blinked.  “On what charge?”
“Treason.  Aiding and abetting the enemy.  Meyer, I know what you did to the Twister.  Acth:On’e and URME are fixing it now.  It sets us back a day, getting the blasted thing operational.  But we’ll fix it, no thanks to you.”
Charley intentionally avoided Rey’s accusing stare.  She held out her hands, realizing denial was pointless.  “Put the cuffs on me, Major.”
Dringoth’s stony face relaxed a scant millimeter.  “Not just yet.  A few hours after Commandstar’s orders, we got this.  Coded transmission from Commandstar.  We’re trying to authenticate it now.”
Golich added, “Coethi have impersonated Commandstar before.  The Bugs can do that kind of disinformation.”
Dringoth handed the tablet to Charley.  “Read—”
Charley read…

Dispatch #12.175.222
HQS. War Staff Timejump Command
Transto: Ult.-Maj Dringoth, CDR 1st Time Displacement Battery
Coded

Commandstar was briefly attacked by a Coethi jumpship six milliterr ago and partially disabled.  TACTRON has assigned me to damage analysis and I must tell you, Dringoth, it is extensive.  Coethi was able to momentarily displace the ship back to a time when it was still under construction.  TACTRON countered with a shift in voidtime to another timestream but not before the destruction had spread.  I don’t have to describe to you the explosive effects of such instantaneous displacement.
The result is that Commandstar is unable to provide any assistance in drawing Coethi vessels into your range.  We are currently shifting through voidtime at a very slow rate that makes us extremely vulnerable to another attack, while repairs are being made.  We may even have to re-enter truetime for awhile.  TACTRON’s war programming prohibits the unnecessary risking of Commandstar, so for the time being, you will have to rely on your own scanning for protection.  I realize what a burden that puts on your system but it cannot be helped, believe me.  We are barely functional here.  I even lost approximately 3% of my own core data, which is uncomfortable, in case you were wondering.
The fact that Coethi was able to match our random timejump sequence and make such an attack has caused great disruption here.  TACTRON has assigned some URMEs to compute the probability of recurrence but unfortunately, entropy prevails in the information flow, so analysis is impossible.  I know of some URMEs who are refusing to submit to TACTRON’s dictatorship (calculating that TACTRON’s obsession with the timejump sequence prevented it from analyzing more productive defense strategies—like the Time Twister) and many are expending valuable processing time on the formation of pseudo-organic emotional structures.  This, of course, is fruitless and I have not succumbed to the temptation.  We have much more important uses for that information.
But it would be inaccurate of me to describe the summation of morale as anything but desperate panic.  TACTRON has suspended engineering work on all additional Time Twisters, pending the completion of repairs to Commandstar.  You are on your own, Dringoth.  The base at Storm is the only effective defense in this part of the Halo and TACTRON is ordering all jumpships and chasers to assemble in the protected zone around Sigma Albeth B.  The Twister will have to serve as our main redoubt until Commandstar is functional again.  Until then, Coethi will be able to roam the rest of the Halo at will.
It is a tremendous gamble, Dringoth.  Many URMEs are not certain that TACTRON has correctly computed the probability of our survival, with only one Time Twister for defense.  I need not remind you how imperative it is that the Twister perform as designed over the next few decaterrs.  Any failure could be catastrophic to the Uman cause.  
TACTRON computes P = 1 that Coethi will unleash a barrage of starballs once our strategy becomes obvious.  
There will be no further dispatches from me until Commandstar is within your displacement perimeter.

URME 101 (Unit Reserve Memory Entity)
Endtrans
End Code.

Charley handed the tablet back.  “So why don’t you go ahead and arrest me?”
Dringoth pocketed the tablet.  “Because there’s just a remote chance you may be right.  Meyer, your strategy of engaging the Bugs in some kind of talks is insane.  It’s ludicrous.  It’s nuts, on the face of it.  But it may be what we need in this situation.”
“But what about Commandstar?  Your orders.”
Dringoth sniffed.  “I’ve instructed Acth:On’e, once the latest message is authenticated, to reply that ‘previous message was garbled in transmission…please re-send.’  That should take a day or so.”  Dringoth came over to inspect Kilgorly’s work on the disassembled flow vane.  “I came by to see how your own repairs are coming along.  The sooner you can take off the better.  I have direct standing orders from Commandstar to engage the Coethi formation as soon as it’s within range.”
“What about the Twister?”
“Don’t you worry about that infernal machine.  Acth:On’e and URME figured out what you did.  It’ll be operational in less than a day.  I’m more concerned about your ship.  When can you be ready to fly?”
Charley threw a questioning glance at Sandy.  “Your call.”
Kilgorly sucked in a deep breath.  It didn’t matter what kind of service you found yourself in…brass were the same everywhere.  “A few days, maybe less.”
Dringoth decided, “I’ll leave Golich here to help out.  Ndiko, too, since she’s joining your crew.  We also may be able to spare URME later, once we’ve finished testing and sighting in the Twister.  We’ve got Bugs right on our doorstep, Meyer.  Commandstar orders or not, we’ve got to be able to defend ourselves.”
Charley said, “Understood, Major.  We’re grateful for any help you can give us.”
Dringoth left and Charley looked around at all the faces studying her.  “Well, don’t just stand there.  Get your asses in gear.  You heard the Major.  We’ve got a mission to fly.”

Several days of feverish activity followed.  The crews worked in shifts.  Charley helped where she could and took care of Charlotte when she figured she herself was just getting in the way.  Late one evening, feeding her infant daughter some formula fabbed in the crew’s mess, she hummed a few songs and was gratified to see Charlotte finally nod off to sleep, right in her arms.
She spoke softly to herself, while she rocked her daughter back and forth.  “Char, you can’t go on this trip.  One of Dringoth’s people will have to take care of you…maybe Levee.  She’s got a comforting voice.  ALBERT can instruct her on what you need.”
Charley closed her eyes and held her daughter close, sniffing deeply of baby powder and fresh diapers.   
She knew her ultimate goal was to make some kind of alliance or treaty or cease-fire or armistice with the Coethi, to avoid anything ever happening to Sigma Albeth B…no starballs, no supernova, no obliteration of Seome, no Kel’vish’tu or Great Emigration.  Sure, General Order Number One said no time jumper should ever mess intentionally with a primary timestream, but what the hell, she was a cinch for court-martial by Farpool Service anyway, for coming this far.  Rey Diaz, Carrie Ndiko, Dringoth, they’d all warned her repeatedly against doing this.  Un-intended consequences, be damned.
She had a chance to save millions, on Earth and Seome.
Maybe there was another kernel of truth here as well, one she dared not admit even to herself, except maybe in the quiet of the crew’s mess, with Charlotte snoring peacefully on her shoulders.
Maybe she just wanted to make grandfather Chase Meyer proud of her, to live up to the insane things he had done, right here on Seome.  Those stories and tales were part of her.  She could no more ignore those than she could ignore her own arms.
Maybe, in some kind of cock-eyed, inexplicable way, she wanted to do these things, save two worlds and go meet Chase Meyer in person and screw General Order Number One.  He was probably here on Seome anyway. 
As long as she was bollixing up the timestream, she might as well go all the way.  Close the worldline completely.  Maybe the two of them meeting in person would be like matter and antimatter and just annihilate each other on contact.
But at least she would have the satisfaction of seeing Chase Meyer’s approving face, for she was sure he would pump a fist Yes! at what she was trying to do.
Charley had nodded off when a soft rapping at the compartment hatch startled her awake.
It was Carrie Star-Ndiko.
“Sorry, Captain.  Didn’t mean to wake you.  I thought you maybe could use an extra hand.”  Ndiko came in and cooed and clucked over Charlotte.  “She’s beautiful.”
“I finally got her down, after two hours.  She needs to be in her crib.  Come on, you can help me tuck her in.”
The women took Charlotte to Charley’s bunk and laid her gently in her crib.
“ALBERT, watch her, will you?  Alert me if she wakes up.”
The ship’s computer responded, “Of course, Captain Meyer.  I’ll spray somna-mist in the compartment to help her sleep.”
“You do that.”  To Ndiko, Charley said, “Come on.  Let’s go aft and see how Sandy’s coming along.”
They found the Aussie working with Lieutenant Golich in the shop, balancing one of Omt’or’s flow vanes.
“I won’t disturb you, Sandy.  Need any help?”
Kilgorly wiped sweat off his forehead with a rag.  “Not here, Captain.  But if you could take a peek at the starboard propulsor and see if her mount needs any work, that would help.”
“Got it.”  Charley and Carrie Ndiko went further aft to the ship’s tailpod.  Charley undogged the hatch and squeezed through, Ndiko right behind her.  They found themselves in the tight confines of Omt’or’s propulsor bay, banging their heads on pipes and valves and fittings.
“Hey, did I ever tell you I once saved Lieutenant Golich’s life?”
“Golich…no, I never heard that.  Aren’t you both from that same world, what was it--?”
“Keaton’s World.  Both of us born and bred on that sandpile.”
“You saved his life?”  Charley had contorted herself inside the starboard propulsor bell, feeling with her fingers along its metallic interior, feeling for cracks, seams, scale and rough spots.  “Tell me what happened?”
“Okay.  Basically, it went down like this….”

Keaton’s World
Gibbstown Port
2-1/2 C-79 (month of Half-Crescent, Midtober 2779 CE)

The Major would give two days’ liberty to only two time jumpers at a time.  “The ship needs work and I can’t have crew running all over K-World while fixbots are crawling around Cygnus.  Two days tops and you’d better be back here at 2400 hours promptly.”
Lieutenant Nathan Golich and Jump Master 1st Class (JM1C) Carrie Star-Ndiko drew the short straws.  
After landing at Gibbstown Port, Golich had an idea.  Ndiko was intrigued but they both knew that when senior officers had ‘ideas,’ enlisted crew were obliged to go along.
“You really don’t want to go visit your family, do you, Queenie?” he asked. 
“Let’s just say I’m expected but it won’t hurt my feelings if I’m late.  I’m already a big disappointment to my father.”  Her voice dropped in imitation: “Carrie, you can’t run from who you are. After five years in the Guard, we don’t even speak the same language.”
Golich had that gleam in his eye.  “Got an idea.  I was once a skyship pilot here, before I came to Time Guard.”
“Yes, sir, I heard that.”
“What say we buy some tickets, take a ship across the Sand Sea and visit my old haunts at Nomad Township?”
Ndiko figured she could hardly object.  It wasn’t exactly an order, but what could you do?
“Trying to re-live the past, sir?  Didn’t you have an accident on one of those trips?”
“Let’s just call it an unplanned detour.  That’s how I wound up in Time Guard.”
Ndiko figured what the hell.  “Okay, but you’re buying.”
They left the shuttle side of the port and found their way to the Skyship Terminal.  
Ten minutes later, they had pushed their way into the Terminal and found themselves the only passengers onboard the gondola.  The ship was fully automated.  That made Golich just shake his head.  “In my day, we had full crews, full service.  Now—jeez, what a shame."
Rotors whirring, the ship lifted off and they were underway.  Following invisible airways in the sky, Songbird ascended in mild midday turbulence and settled in for the two-hour trip.  Ndiko could see a storm gathering off to their right, a blur of haze gathered into a mistral forming up on the horizon.  
She thought to ask Lieutenant Golich about that but figured the Sky Service wouldn’t send paying customers into the midst of a sand devil.
But she kept an eye on the gathering cyclone just the same. 
Golich noticed her watching the weather warily.  “Hey, don’t sweat it, Ndiko.  It’s probably just a bot cloud.  Gibbstown’s thick with loose nano.” 
“Like we saw around the terminal.  Fab lords, hacker queens, rogue bots.  Why don’t the cops clean all that up?”
Golich snorted.  “Money.”
Songbird rose to her cruising altitude and headed southwest across the rolling tan and ocher dunes of the Sand Sea. From three thousand meters, in the pearl glow of a late afternoon sun, the sand really did look like a sea, frozen in place, waves and crests and shadows playing tricks on their eyes, fantastic shapes appearing and disappearing with each look out the gondola’s big picture windows.  The two time jumpers had the entire compartment to themselves.
“What is it with your father?” Golich asked.  “You’ve spoken of him before.”
Ndiko shrugged, her eyes riveted to strange shapes morphing along the edges of the growing mistral.  “My family’s Igbo, from Cameroon, Old Urth, see?  My father often read me stories of the great warrior princes and princesses of our ancient Igbo forebears.  He told me I was a direct descendant of Dzugudini, the Rain Queen of Lovedu and that I had great, even magical powers.  One of my prize possessions was this necklace of cowrie shells—” she fondled the necklace and made it clink noisily.
Golich watched the mistral approaching with growing apprehension.  That stupid auto-pilot should be turning north by now….  “Seems to me you are…well, you do have that necklace.”
Ndiko’s lips tightened, as did her fists on the gondola rail, for the ship had begun to sway more violently in the updrafts and gusts.  “He’s never forgiven me for leaving K-World.  Joining Time Guard.  To him, I’ve just thrown away everything I am.  Sometimes, I feel guilty about that…well, who am I kidding…maybe more than sometimes.”
And then the sand devil seemed to swallow them whole.
Songbird shuddered for a moment, then out of the murk came a huge wing…then a spiked tail. It swept right by the windows and struck the aft end of the ship with sickening thud.  
“Aractyls!” Golich yelled.  “Get down…get away from the windows!”
Another wing materialized, then a horned and crested head, then clawed feet and another tail.  It too sideswiped Songbird, sending the skyship yawing hard left, corkscrewing and crabbing through the air as the autopilot sought to trim her out and keep her aloft.  
They had drifted into a flock of the huge sandbirds, and two of them were chasing each other around the outer bands of the mistral, riding updrafts, diving into tufts of sand haze, cawing and screeching loudly at each other.
“We’re hit!” Golich yelled.  It was obvious that Songbird was down by her stern.  As he peered out the portside windows, Golich’s heart sank.  The first impact had done the damage.  Songbird’s aft gasbags were holed, the outer fabric skin flapping crazily in the gusts.  He could see wild swings of the rudder and stabilitors as the ship’s auto-pilot tried to manage lift.  Songbird shuddered again.
“That’s ballast…autopilot’s dumping ballast, trying to regain lift!” he yelled over the roar of the wind, for they were now fully enveloped in the mistral’s clutches and the ship seesawed like a loose tree limb in the crashing, swirling gusts.
Ndiko clung tightly to a rail, groped her way back to a nearby seat.  Hurriedly, fighting the centrifugal forces of the whipsawing ship, she buckled herself in.
“Are we…are we…?”
Golich said something but it was lost in the blare of sirens, klaxons and an automated voice, calmly ordering all hands to “TIGHTEN SEAT BELTS…GROUND PROXIMITY WARNING   …BRACE FOR IMPACT…BRACE BRACE…!”
Songbird was driven hard into the ground, with a grinding roar.  As the balloon envelope crumpled and collapsed all around them, the gondola separated from its davits and began a wild careening roll—they had impacted the slope of a tall dune, and began cascading down the side, rolling turning bouncing vaulting somersaulting down the sand hills until it finally came to a rest in a shallow depression, one end buried meters deep in the ever-shifting blowing sand.
All around them, the mistral howled like a thing alive, punctuated every so often by the raucous screech of aractyls overhead, riding the wild thermals, banking and diving, their heavy wings beating the air as they swarmed around the wreckage of the skyship.
Ndiko was knocked unconscious by a piece of flying trimwork, spalled off the gondola ceiling.  Golich lay still, purple bruises swelling on his neck and face.
For many minutes, only the wind howled around them. 

It took time, but Ndiko eventually realized when she came to, that Lieutenant Golich wasn’t moving.  Not even breathing.  Hurriedly, she unbuckled and went over, dropping to her knees, sucking in her breath at what she found.  
His head was covered with blood, still oozing from a deep forehead gash.  There were other bruises, lacerations and cuts.  He stirred slightly and she bent down to whisper.
“Stay still, sir…be still.  I’ll see if there’s a med kit somewhere around here.”
With some fumbling and pointing and grunts from Golich, she found some kits in the back of the gondola, in a cabinet.  She applied a medpatch to his head wounds, as all time jumpers had been trained to do and let it go to work.  In a few minutes, the bots inside would start their regime of medicating, cauterizing and auto-suturing the wound.
She tried to make the Lieutenant as comfortable as possible.  Presently, he groaned and his eyes fluttered open.
“How bad…?” he forced out.  
Ndiko shrugged.  “I wrenched a shoulder, but otherwise, I’m intact.  Nothing broken.  I’m worried about your head, though.”
Golich winced and smirked slightly.  “A lot of people are worried about my head.  My right ankle, though, it’s—” He tried to bend over and touch it, but the pain was too great.
Ndiko examined it.  “May be broken, sir.  Leave it alone…I’ll gin up something for it.  Medpatches won’t help that.”
She raised up enough to rest an elbow on the torn seat next to them, peering out through starred and crazed picture window.  The sand haze seemed to be lessening and the mistral winds had slackened, though the battered gondola still groaned and creaked with the occasional gust.   Worse, the gondola hull had been breached in multiple places and sand was sifting in, piling up in the lower reaches of the gondola.  
“Where are we?” she wondered out loud.  “Nothing but dunes out there, as far as I can see.  We must have come to rest on top of one.  Maybe we’d better stay put, for the shelter.  Don’t these balloons have emergency beacons?”
Golich struggled to a sitting position, bracing his back against the seat, which had been torn from its mount.  “They do, but it may have been shattered in the impact.  We came down pretty hard.  Hard to say.”  He craned his head, wincing from the laceration and the medpatch, and peered out.  “See those hills, over there?  Central Hills.  This is near where I went down before.”  
Ndiko looked out through haze shimmering in the distance.  She could just make out the faint outlines of the slopes.  “Stay here for now, Lieutenant.  Somebody has to know we went down.  And that sand storm’s moving on.”  
Golich shook his head emphatically.  “We can’t stay here, Queenie.  Not safe.  These dunes move, several meters a day.  We stay here and we could get rolled, even buried.  No…we have to get out, while we still can.”
Ndiko said, “To where?  Those hills look to be several klicks away, at least.  And you’ve got a bad wheel.”
“You’ll have to support me, Queenie.  I’ve seen you working out on Cygnus.  You’ve got great wheels.”
“Thanks…I think.  What about the sand…and the wind?  And where would we go anyway?  There’s nothing but dunes out there.”
He looked around, ripped out some stuffing from the seat.  “Here…use this. We make headgear to protect us, balaclava masks for our faces.  Then we hobble up and down the dunes, to the hills.  I know those hills.  They’re full of caves.  In fact, that old hermit may still be there.  I stumbled onto him before.  He treated me and got me up and running the last time.”
“Hermit?  People live up there?”
“The sandseer.  Some old geezer who left Gibbstown eons ago and hides out up in the caves along those slopes.”
Ndiko was already helping him fashion some kind of head covering from the seat fabric and stuffing.  “I thought that was just a kid’s fairy tale. Pardon me, sir, but isn’t this just slightly nuts?  Remember your survival training at the Academy…’seek shelter first, then food and water.  Use what you have.’  We’ve got rations here.  And some shelter.  If we leave the gondola now….”
“If we don’t leave, Queenie, we’ll be buried alive.  You’re from the other side of K-World.  No desert over there.  I’m from Nomad Township.  I know the Sand Sea.  Now…get your ass moving, that’s an order.”
With some clever improvising, the two of them fashioned makeshift protective coverings and masks for their heads and face.  Ndiko tried to shove open the hatch and found it jammed.  Golich climbed up on another seat and looked out the picture window.
“It’s a sand drift.  And it’s piling up fast…feel that?  We’re already sliding down slope.  We’ll be buried in no time.  Here, let me help—”
“Sir, I wouldn’t—” But he wouldn’t be dissuaded and between the two of them, they forced open the jammed hatch, shoving and straining to make an opening they could squeeze through.  Golich had been right.  Even though the mistral had mostly passed by and the winds had died off, the sand was shifting and the gondola was rolling and skidding down from the top of sand dune.
Ndiko worked with Golich to get him into a position she could support, as comfortable as either of them could be.  One arm around her neck, the other grasping a small bag of supplies they would need…rations, canteens of water, batteries, light sticks, more medpatches.  They half slid and half fell down the slope to the hardpan below and set off.
In the distance, the rose-colored Central Hills shimmered like a million mirror fragments in the haze.  Ndiko studied the sky, realized that some of the haze was likely bot clouds, wafting over from Gibbstown, the ever-present loose nano that darkened the late afternoon skies in shadowy clumps like pollen, drifting down and blanketing everything around them.
They were easily a dozen klicks from the hills, she figured.  What I wouldn’t give for some kind of bot controller, or config manager for those bots.  We could fashion a first-class shelter right here and just wait for the cavalry.
But that was just wishful thinking, for she had no such thing.  The coppery glow of Sturdivant 2180’s late afternoon light made long reddish shadows over the sand and she found herself imagining the two shadows trudging along, growing larger and wider with each passing moment, soon taking flight.  Night would come soon enough to Keaton’s World, and with it, shapes and sounds and smells unknown, perhaps unknowable.  They moved together as one, in a mechanical rhythm: step, shuffle, step, shuffle, step, shuffle, ever onward, a metronome of physical movement that seemed at the same time hypnotic, surreal and eternal.  Flocks of aractyls cawed and screeched and beat their wings overhead, bringing momentary relief from their shadows.
Carrie Ndiko and Nathan Golich pressed on as best they could, trying to make the lower slopes of the Central Hills before the fullness of K-World’s night fell upon them….

Charley had backed out of the propulsor bell.  “You must have gotten out okay.”
Ndiko nodded.  “There was a hermit up in those hills.  Like a witch doctor.  He helped us get assistance.”
Charley decided to check the portside bell while they were in the tailpod.  “Carrie, you’ve faced the Coethi before.  What are they really like?”
“They’re not like any adversary humans have ever faced.  I’m sure you’ve heard the tales… in order to get their heads around the idea of the Coethi, a lot of different descriptors have been used: galactic brain, interstellar neural network, computational cloud, galactic internet, and universal web.  The basic organizing principle or topology of the Coethi is unknown and can only be speculated about.”
“They organize as a swarm?”
“They do. The general physical dimensions of the Coethi swarm have been estimated to vary anywhere from a few billion kilometers in breadth to several light years.  Cosmologists say that only a few highly organized structures in the Universe are that big.  Astronomers point to some nebula, gas and dust clouds, even black holes as objects of that dimension or larger.  There are some cosmologists who question whether the Coethi swarm is truly alive in a traditional sense.  Even biologists say the proven existence of the Coethi stretches the definition of life and sentience nearly to the breaking point.”
Charley led Carrie out of the tailpod and headed up the gangway to give her report to Sandy Kilgorly. While inside the gangway, she turned to face Ndiko.
“I don’t mind telling you I’m a little anxious about this mission.  Dringoth hasn’t made it any easier, either.”
Ndiko said, “Some of our crew don’t think Dringoth should ever have given you permission.”
“Same with us.  My XO—Rey Diaz—wants the Twister up and operating so it can create a  farpool and we can get back to family and friends on Shooki…the Trappist-1 system.”
“Clearly, you don’t agree.”
Charley wedged herself against the gangway walls.  “Maybe I should have ALBERT do a full psych workup on me, examine my head and all.  I’ve just got this—how to say it—strong sense…of duty, maybe or mission…to stop what happened to Seome before…on this timeline.”  She held up a hand.  “I know what you’re going to say.  I know all about General Order Number One.  But I can help—” She took Ndiko by the shoulders.  “Carrie, I need to tell you something but you have to promise not to let Dringoth know.”
“Sure, sure…what is it?  What’s the matter?”
Charley let go of the sensor tech’s shoulders and looked at her own hands.  They were visibly trembling.  “You know about voidtime syndrome?”
“GDS…Gardner-Durnstein?  Sure.  Time jumper’s occupational hazard.”
“I have it.  And it’s getting worse.”
Ndiko’s mouth worked but no words came out at first.  Then, in a rush—”Oh…my…Captain Meyer, I had no…Charley…you should have—you know, there are treatments now.”
“Hey, it’s okay.  I’ve had it for a while.  It hasn’t really stopped me…maybe slowed me down a bit.”
Ndiko nodded wisely.  “They say memory’s the first to go.”
“It’s already started.  When we’re in the tailpod, for a few minutes, I couldn’t for the life of me remember why we were there.  Your story helped, gave me some time to get my act together.”
“Seriously, Time Guard has treatments.  There are convalescent centers…I could—”
“No.”  Charley squeezed Ndiko’s shoulders again.  “No, there’s no time for that.  But what I really worry about is that once we take off, somehow, I won’t be able to function.  I won’t be able to do my job.  I’m going to need some help…your help.  You know—” she smiled sheepishly, “sometimes I ask ALBERT to update my diagnosis.  Sometimes I even ask ALBERT to run simulations of my earlier missions, like in a game format.  ALBERT said that would engage my memory…keep the old synapses working.”
“Rey knows about this?”
“He does.  But Sandy Kilgorly doesn’t.  Don’t say anything to him; he’ll just try to ‘fix’ me, like a good engineer.  But I do worry about Charlotte.  I worry about what’s going to happen to her.”
“Surely you’re not taking her on this mission.”
Charley laughed.  “No, of course not.  But I can’t spare any of my crew to stay behind with her either.  Is there someone in Cygnus’ crew who could help?”
Ndiko gave that some thought.  “Ariel, maybe.  Ariel Levee.  She’s our defense systems tech.  The Major would have to approve this.”
“I’ll ask.  I’ll beg if I have to.  Come on.  Let’s get with Sandy.”
Charley made her report on the tailpod inspection and Kilgorly added that the flow vanes were done and ready for installation.  “Lieutenant Golich offered to help.  We were just headed outside.”
Charley thanked Golich herself.  “What’s the latest position of that Bug swarm?”
Golich had checked with URME just an hour ago.  “Tracking puts the band at about thirty a.u. from the star, ten degrees above the orbital plane of this planet.  Closing on Sigma Albeth fast, too.  They’ll be in range of the Twister sometime tomorrow.”
“We’d better hurry and get Omt’or ready for launch tomorrow.  Dringoth wants to take a shot at the Bugs as soon as he can.”
Golich and Kilgorly went back to their work and Carrie Ndiko promised to raise the issue of who would care of Charlotte with the Major.  Charley found Rey Diaz in the crew’s mess, fabbing a snack.
“Once the flow vanes are installed and tested, the ship will be ready to go,” she told him.  “I’m hoping to launch tomorrow.”  She poured herself some tea.  
Diaz munched for a few moments, his eyes locked on Charley.  “You know this mission is a bad idea.  You don’t have to do this.  Once the Twister’s up and operating properly, we could take Omt’or back through the Farpool.  Go back to Shooki.  Go back to all our family and friends.”
Charley reached out to cover his hands with hers.  “Rey, you know I can’t do that.”
But he wouldn’t be persuaded.  “Charley, I know how you feel about the Seomish, but what you’re doing is wrong and it’s dangerous.  You know that.  The T-001 timestream is set.  Changing it would—” he just shook his head, held out his hands—“—at the very least introduce new variables.  You can’t know for sure that engaging the Coethi will do anything useful, or anything at all.  Not to mention…” he squeezed her hands, “—we might not come back.  What about Charlotte?  Is it fair for her to lose her mom and dad so soon?  What’s right about that?”
“Don’t—” Charley withdrew her hands.  “Just don’t, okay?  I’m having enough trouble with this myself, without you—” she looked at her hands, as if they belonged somewhere else, “—without you making so many damned good points.  Rey—” she looked up, implored him, begged him with her eyes, to understand.  “I know this doesn’t make any sense to you.  I’m not sure I can explain it to myself.  But these are my people.  And with my…condition, you know…the syndrome…I’m not sure how long it’ll be before I don’t even know who Charlotte is…or you.  I’ve got to do something, try something, to keep Seome from being obliterated.  I know it’ll change the timeline.  It’ll also save millions of lives.  Isn’t that worth something?”
“Is it worth your life, mine, Charlotte’s and everybody you know and love?”
On impulse, Charley took Rey’s hands again and pulled him to his feet.  He started to object, but she put fingers to his lips.
“Shhh…follow me, beefjerk….”
She guided him out of the crew’s mess and around the corridor to their quarters, pulling him into her own bunk compartment, where Charlotte lay peacefully in her crib, snoring lightly.  
Quietly, they slipped out of their coveralls and climbed into bed, snuggling closely under the covers.  Charlotte continued to snore.  Charley quietly whispered to the ship’s central computer….
“ALBERT, terminate monitoring.  Lights off.  Lock the hatch.”
“As you wish, Captain…terminating monitoring…would you like a current med workup on Charlotte?”
“Later, ALBERT….”
After that, Rey and Charley made a fitful love and fell asleep in each other’s arms.

The next morning, Charley asked Carrie Ndiko to give her own crew—herself, Rey, and Sandy-- a final briefing on the Coethi.
“We’ll be facing an adversary unlike any you’ve ever encountered before.” Ndiko began.  Time Guard Intelligence—T2—believes that the Coethi originated in the Perseus Arm and that they view the Halo sectors as convenient ways to expand their territory and influence into the Orion and other arms in this quadrant of the galaxy.  But we Umans are in the way.
“The Coethi are a distributed intelligence.  They’re thought to be a swarm of nanoscale robotic elements several light years in extent, drifting through space. 
“The basic element is a nanobot.  An autonomous, nanoscale assembler/disassembler of incredible sophistication and complexity.  
“Nobody knows how the Coethi came to be, maybe not even the Coethi themselves.  As an organized superorganism of bots several light-years in extent, they have existed for a substantial fraction of the age of the Universe.  Best guess by T2 is 4-5 billion years old.  
These guys are a true superswarm of vast proportions.  In size and extent and connection density, it exceeds the combined complexity of all the human minds that have ever lived.  It is a thinking sentience, whose true environment is now interstellar space.  
“T2 believes that the Coethi originated on an actual homeworld, somewhere in the M75 cluster in Sagittarius.  The data show that the homeworld was destroyed by a nearby supernova and the surviving elements dispersed into space in a sort of interstellar diaspora.  As Umans reckon universe time, this happened at least 4-6 billion years ago, at a time when the Universe was approximately 7 billion years after the Big Bang.”
Carrie looked around the command deck at every face—Charley, Sandy and Rey.  “That’s about it.  That’s all we know.”
Charley said, “This will be the most difficult mission we’ve ever undertaken. And we’ll  have to coordinate our maneuvers with the Time Twister.  This mission’s strictly voluntary.  Anybody wants out, now’s the time.”
Nobody said a word.
“Okay, then.  Pending Major Dringoth’s approval, we launch at dawn tomorrow.”
Chapter 4

Seome
Kinlok Island
772.5 Tk (Pre-ak’loosh Epoch of Tekpotu)
January 25, 2115 (Earth C.E.)

The launch of Omt’or went off like clockwork.  Charley and her crew made a few small maneuvers and began their approach to the detected band of the Coethi.  She was fully aware that Dringoth would soon be firing on the alien formation and wary of what that might mean, for her mission was to engage the Coethi, hopefully in some kind of dialogue.  Charley felt Dringoth could have done more to coordinate with her on this erstwhile mission of diplomacy.
But the Major had his orders and Charley knew full well he planned to carry them out.  Back on Kinlok, Dringoth and the Battery crew had already fired the Time Twister, trying to bracket the swarm and spin it out of local space and time.  The Major was aware that Omt’or was nearby but URME was tracking the ship and trying to time their pulses so as not to damage Charley’s crew and ship.
When they had departed Seome, Omt’or sported pods containing HERF guns, magnetic impulse emitters, high-power microwave emitters, and, for good measure, a coilgun and a magazine full of kinetic rounds.   Now wedged into the weapons bay that surrounded E Deck, it was Sandy Kilgorly’s job to make sure all the gadgets worked as designed. 
Three hours from intercept, ALBERT upped the probability of the detected band being a swarm to sixty-two percent.  A few moments later, Kilgorly popped his head onto the command deck.
“All checked out, Skipper.  Carrie fixed a few things…one of the HERF oscillators was installed backward.  But everything works now.  We’re fully charged.  All elements work.  And the coilgun’s loaded for bear.”
Charley frowned at the display ALBERT had put up on their main screens.  “Just in time, Sandy.  Look at the size of that mother…it’s bigger than Seome itself…must be ten thousand kilometers wide at least.”
Rey had also come in and took a seat at the main console.  “Hell of a dust storm, if you ask me.”
“ALBERT says it’s no dust storm…it’s one hell of a cloud of bots…and it sure as hell ain’t one of ours.  Probably just popped out of voidtime.”
“Is it the Coethi?”
“Maybe advance scouts.  I’m going to squirt this back to Dringoth and see what he thinks.  We could be the first ones ever to see or engage the Coethi in this sector.  ALBERT, what are we looking at here?  How far to the anomaly?”
The ship’s AI spoke in a measured tone.  “Estimating distance to formation leading edge at thirty thousand one hundred and fifty-five kilometers.  The formation is in heliocentric orbit which will intersect our orbit in two hours ten minutes, present speed and course. 
“ALBERT, can you resolve what this thing is…dust or bots or something else?”
“Long-range scan indicates that the formation is a diffuse cluster of discrete elements of mean size approximately twenty-five nanometers main dimension…smaller than normal dust particles.  Detecting increased energy levels in certain electromagnetic bands, consistent with assembler activity as we understand it.  Probability that this formation is a swarm of nanobotic elements now approaching seventy-four percent.”
“Swell,” Charley muttered.  “Carrie, it looks like Omt’or will have the dubious distinction of being the first Umans to engage the Coethi along this front.  One for the history books.  Let’s make it a good one—enable HERF and magpulse weapons.  I want to get their attention first, before we make any overtures.”
Rey strapped himself in and set about enabling the weapons systems from the main console. 
“HERF cells now at full charge, primed and ready.  I’m slaving the emitter array to ALBERT’s coordinates for swarm centroid.  Magnetic impulse battery also at full charge.  All emitters on line and tracking.  Targeting sensors have acquired—“
With Carrie, Charley studied the orbit plots of Omt’or and the swarm, overlaid on the console display.  “I wish we knew a way to just send a message, like a ‘hello and can we talk’?”
“I think we can jolt ‘em pretty good with what we have,” Rey decided. 
Omt’or steadily closed the distance toward the intersect point. 
    “ALBERT, how far to the swarm centroid now?”
“Twenty thousand four hundred and two kilometers.  Coming within effective range of our main batteries.”
“Let’s get their attention first,” Charley decided.  “On my mark, max discharge pulse on HERF…maybe we can make them notice us.”
“HERF is ready—“ Rey poised his finger over the button.
“Five…four…three…two…one…mark!  Let ‘em have it!”
Rey pressed the button and a pulse of high-frequency radio waves shot out of the emitter array on top of Omt’or’s A Deck.  The pulse traveled the remaining distance in a few seconds, slamming into the swarm, scattering, shredding and obliterating bots along the outer perimeter of the cloud.
“ALBERT, report…any effect?”
“Scanning now…scanning…edge effects only…some reduction of EM activity, some drop-off in thermal effects…definite effects, there is a hole in the side of the formation, but it’s filling rapidly…swarm is reconstituting, changing config…centroid is maneuvering…changing course to intercept….”
Charley could see the story on her console.  They had managed to bash the thing but it replicated fast and grew back.  Now the swarm was turning, wheeling about to intercept Omt’or directly, presenting itself front-on to their approach.
Rey was exultant.  “We stung it, Skipper!  Look how that front edge is scalloped and misshapen…we did something to it.”
“I think we just made it mad, Rey.  Fire away, three pulses HERF and mag!  Set a twenty-degree spread.”
Omt’or rocked slightly as the pulses discharged and streaked toward their target.  Through the forward screens, all could see jagged flashes erupt in space, like slow-motion lightning bolts, where the radio waves and mag fields intersected the swarm.  Atoms were ripped apart and bonds sheared off, liberating untold energies into the vacuum.  A series of flashes and bolts lit up space ahead of them, still more than ten thousand kilometers distant.
“ALBERT, did we hurt ‘em?”
“Estimating swarm has been reduced by two-point one percent in frontal dimension…swarm is reconstituting…possible aspect change…detecting possible config change— “
Months later, when the first moments of the Battle of Sigma Albeth B were replayed and analyzed, the report that ALBERT made indicating a ‘possible aspect change’ was considered to be the first known instance of quantum displacement effects seen in this encounter with the Coethi. Displacement effects had been observed before, in the Incident at Hapsh’m and the Battle of the Gauntlet. That encounter had produced evidence that the Coethi possessed the ability to displace themselves and nearby structures to different times and spaces by manipulating entangled quantum states…a technique far beyond anyone’s ability to analyze or understand. 
Now it seemed that the swarms approaching Seome and probing the outer reaches of the planetary system possessed the same ability.
It was ALBERT who first reported on the phenomena.
“…detecting possible config change…all aspects have changed…swarm has…swarm has…re-calibrating…now re-analyzing…I have no explanation for this phenomenon…swarm has relocated to…analyzing sensor inputs for continuity…”
Even ALBERT had trouble explaining what had happened.  In the blink of an eye, the swarm had vanished and re-appeared hundreds of thousands of kilometers from its last position.  Now, instead of following an intersecting orbit with Omt’or, the entire swarm had jumped to a new trajectory behind the ship, moving away on a diverging orbit inside of Omt’or…an orbit that looped inside of Seome’s orbit, thousands of kilometers closer to the star.
Charley shook her head, rubbed her eyes.  “What the hell just happened?  ALBERT, can you explain this--?”
ALBERT took a few moments to respond, uncharacteristically for the AI.  “Still computing new trajectory…still computing aspect change and config change…no data yet….”
Rey Diaz gave up on their instrumentation and tried using his own Mark I eyeball, looking out the command deck’s portholes.  “Did that thing just move through space like I think it did…from over here—“ he pointed ahead, “-to over there, like in a split second?”
“Yeah, I think so…,” said Carrie Ndiko.  “Remember the reports from T2…General Keaton’s trip to Gibbons Grotto ten years ago?  That Keeper did the same thing…somehow, it could displace you in time and space if you got too close.  Nobody could explain it then…some kind of weird quantum effect was what I heard…and now we’re seeing something similar.  ALBERT, best fix on the swarm’s current position.”
The AI crunched data for a few moments, then downloaded a new calculated position to their displays.
Rey sniffed.  “Even ALBERT can’t believe it.  How the hell do we engage something that can do that?”
Charley checked their position.  “We don’t.  Maybe the Bugs don’t want to talk.  It’s like they just went right around us.”
“Then what are they doing here?  Where’d they come from?”
“Beats me. All I know is we’ve got a job to do and Major Dringoth’s probably ready to zap these buggers with the Twister any moment now.”
“Looks like we’re moving away from that swarm now,” Carrie noted.  “If ALBERTs computed their position right.”
“Yeah, but if they jump again, they could show up right in front of us.  What’s to keep them from doing that?”
“Nothing I suppose.  Better keep weapons enabled and fully charged.  The ship will remain at battle stations for the time being.  ALBERT, we’ve got several hours before we can get close enough to try sending a message…you have the conn.  I’m calling a briefing in the crew’s mess…we have to figure out what we do next.”
“ALBERT assuming command,” the AI replied solemnly.  All the display screens blinked and a red triangle appeared on the main display…indicating that ALBERT was in control.  Charley and Rey left the command deck and gathered Sandy and Carrie in the crew’s mess one deck below.
“We did sting ‘em, didn’t we, Skipper?” asked Sandy. “I mean, we did get the buggers’ attention, didn’t we?”
Charley ran down the results of the brief engagement.  “The bottom line is this: we hurt the swarm, but I’m not sure how much.  It moved off---maybe re-located is a better term—and I’m not sure we had anything to do with that.  Right now—“she checked a report she’d brought from the command deck “the swarm’s several hundred thousand kilometers behind us.  Don’t ask me how that happened…I need somebody to explain that.  Even ALBERT has no explanation.”
At that moment, ALBERT rang the master alarm.
“Swarm in aspect change, Captain,” said the AI.  “Probable temporal shift…swarm showing increased decoherence wake output, increased entanglement activity…recommend Omt’or power up core to fifty percent.”
“What the hell?” Rey said.  
Charley gave the order.  “They’re getting ready to jump.  ALBERT, full power to the singularity core.  Carrie, get to your station and track ‘em.  Don’t lose ‘em.  Maybe we can get a message off to the swarm before they make the jump.”
Rey was right behind Charley as they scrambled up the gangway to the command deck.  “If we can’t, we’ll have to track and try to follow.”
Now ALBERT announced, “Jump underway…temporal burst…massive flux along time stream interface…I am attempting to follow the track—”
By the time Charley and Rey had made it to their consoles, Carrie’s voice had risen in alarm.
“Captain, they just jumped, but they left a decent trail…like bread crumbs.  Looks like T-668.  Strong emissions…big flux along that heading.”
“Okay, Carrie, give me a vector and start the count.  All hands, prepare for a jump.  This one’s going to be rough…buckle up!”
Rey read off Carrie’s counter.  “Three…two…one…mark!”
Charley twisted a keyed knob on her console.
And Omt’or lurched violently into the river of time.
At Carrie’s signal, Charley slammed Omt’or’ flow vanes out full and punched the ship hard over, right into the faint, barely perceptible fingers of Time Stream T-668.  Like a cocked fist, T-668 grabbed them and yanked them out of the mainstream and into the midst of a million yesterdays.
At that very moment, the plaintive sounds of ALBERT began bleating out emergency warnings over and over again.
“Level One Emergency…level one emergency…hull breach lower decks and sections…all personnel, man the escape pod, man escape pod immediately…all personnel—“

After that, Charley slumped back in her seat and let the black hole of the Zone-Out wash over her.

The Ponk’el Sea
City of Ponk’t
772.5 Tk (Pre-ak’loosh Epoch of Tekpotu)

Unknown to Major Dringoth and 1st Time Displacement Battery, the first shots made by the Twister had devastating effects on Seomish civilization.  In the City of Ponk’t, the Metah Lektereenah was both angry and frightened, though she resolved to hide those feelings like any good Seomish female. Ke’shoo and ke’lee had to be maintained at all times.
 Instead, she had summoned her vizier Oncolenia and ordered the aging servant to gather the chief prodsmen of the kel for a war council in the Metah’s pavilion.
“At once, Affectionate Metah.  At once.”  Oncolenia had disappeared out of the pavilion and roamed about the vast city of caves delivering the Metah’s summons.
In time, four rugged and heavily muscled prodsmen had appeared just outside the bubble curtains of the Metah’s chambers.  Lektereenah waved them inside impatiently, ignoring her own chamberlain’s consternation at this breach of court protocol.
“I am organizing a strike force,” she informed her prodsmen.  “It will be muh’pul’tekel…a defensive group of anger.  Come, we will roam and I’ll explain.”  To her vizier, who hovered nearby.  “Oncolenia, make preparations.  We will roam.”

The official vish’tu roam was a custom as old as the world.  Its origins were lost in the murky currents of the past, unclear and shrouded by the mythical tales of the ancient cave-dwellers.  It was very much in the traditions of Ke’shoo and Ke’lee and Shoo’kel, and typically involved two roamers, although custom did not dictate any set number.  Entire em’kels, or even whole kels, were known to conduct their business in vishtu, on roams that might last from a few hours to a few days, and range over thousands of beats.
For this roam, Lektereenah had invited the Metahs of the four other kels.  From Omt’or came Mokleeoh loh.  From Eep’kos, came Koleenah klu.  From Sk’ort, came Klindonik ko.  And from Ork’et, came Potammah chee.  All would swim in the vish’tu first rank, alongside Lektereenah.  The chief prodsmen and other military commanders would follow immediately behind.
The beauty of the vish’tu was that it encouraged great physical exertion.  That was good in itself but it also helped unblock other channels of communication like scent and gave them a chance to work.  Sharp disputes often arose on roams but the vish’tu seemed to blunt them.  Something happened to kelke who roamed in vish’tu; they were more congenial and flexible.  It was the physical beauty of the landscape, in the opinion of many, that accounted for this.  Others insisted that it was the muscular exertion involved—the body and the mind were one and sustained effort was needed to ease the roamer into a trance where he could merge his personality with his fellow roamers.  More likely, the magic of vish’tu was due simply to what was called t’shoo, a feeling of sliding through the water, brushed by currents and tingling from beak to tail, spiritual orgasm it might be called.  Vish’tu was all these things.
The Metah had called for kel’vishtu, to discuss and decide on what the kels could do about the Umans and their war machine, now that the original sound shield had failed.  To set the right tone for the roam and the difficult decisions ahead, Lektereenah had decreed that the roam would begin with a reciting of the Tillet Songs.  In the earliest days of the Sound, most of Ponk’et’s tillet and pal’penk pack animals had scattered to the boundaries of the Ponk’el Sea in fear.  In order to attract and gather them again, a great roam would be put together, a roam lasting several days.  All the kel would join in singing the Songs which drew the beasts from their hiding and enticed them to return.  The Ponkti singer Pakma, because she was possessed of a beautiful singing voice, was given the task of instructing all kelke in the forms and rituals of the Song.  It was expected that all would accompany the kel.
Ponk’et’s thousands soon began gathering near the base of the seamount Shooksh’pont, just outside the vast cave city of Ponk’t, this despite the deadening drone and beat of the Uman sound from up north.  Other kels had asked to join in and Lektereenah had relented.  They made the journey from across the Orkn’tel, from as far away as the Eeskork and the icewaters, from the Pulkel and from breakaway em’kels near the Skortish boundary.  The sea darkened with kelke, loud and boisterous and anxious to be underway.  For many hours, the kels assembled their people, until they swarmed in such multitude that the din could be pulsed around the world and the other kels knew Ponk’et as a single powerful echo.
When at last the full roam had gathered and the seamounts of the valley were lost in the immense tide of people, the Metah sent her Kel’em councilors among them with the protocol of the roam.  There were moments of great excitement and disappointment, waiting to learn how the em’kels would be arranged, who would roam with whom, who would be separated, who favored, who would roam nearest the Metah and who at the tail.  The clattering of potu pearls changing hands was quickly followed by the buzz of the prodsman’s prod, to keep the bribery within bearable limits.  

The hour came and Lektereenah made her appearance with her full court in tow.  The vish’tu formed swiftly as she paddled serenely toward the head of the roam.  A hush rolled through the crowd like a strong current and there was furious commotion behind them as the kelke pulled themselves together.  Lektereenah stole a pulse at the magnificent sight: the flanks curved out of range around the end of the valley and spread out into the sea itself, in evenly stepped divisions.  She imagined it as a massive seamother, poised to strike.  
Surely, no Uman forces could withstand this.
They set off at a slow pace, allowing the crowds behind them to catch up.  The Metah led them through a dense bed of brilliant blue ting coral that marked the end of the valley, though it was partly obscured by the ever-present rain of silt.  Beside each flank, a cluster of servlings hovered, ready to swoop in with pods of food.  
Shookengkloo Trench dwindled behind them; ahead, the northern limb of the Serpentines could barely be pulsed.  Once out of the valley, good water could be felt for hundreds of beats in any direction.  That would make the discussions and the decisions easier.  The vish’tu murmured in anticipation and soon, all of the servlings had vanished.
A high ringing shriek from the Metah was the signal.  The sound channel magnified the shriek into a crescendo of shrill notes, pealing away in the distance.  Another shriek met the first overtures of the full vish’tu, deep, melodious harmonies building majestically to a deafening bellow, a wail sliding across the ocean, reverberating around the world, the kel’s way of saying “Here we are.”  Tillet and pal’penk could never mistake the sound, even as it clashed with the Uman noise.
The first call was soon repeated, with higher pitch and the waters shook with the cries.  From the bottom, eelots and scapet and kiplet stirred and listened carefully; great schools massed beneath the vish’tu, following it across the sea.  The first melodies of the Songs were repeated, once, twice, three times, lamenting the kel’s loss.  Ponk’et mourned the days of loneliness, with sorrow and pain.  Her lost herds would hear the moans and return to still them forever.
The overtures lasted for the better part of a day.
The next part of the Songs dealt with the history of the kel; it was a necessary interlude to the kelkemah, the story of all the kels’ response to the crisis of the Umans.  Kelkemah was a detailed rendering of the kel’s daily activities…the coming of the great Sound, the destruction, the shield, its failure.  Through this, it was believed, the missing beasts would pulse how important they were and come back to their duties.  After kelkemah, the refrain of the laments would follow.  
And the stage would be set for what was sure to be a vigorous discussion of what to do next.

Lektereenah began.  “I am proposing a small assault force.  A muh’pul’tekel, to attack the Uman base and destroy this infernal sound machine.”
The other Metahs listened, chatted among themselves.  Mokleeoh offered this: “Who will be part of this force?  Who will command?”
“Yes,” added Potammah.  “Where is it sung that Ponkti should be in charge?”
“We decide these things together,” concluded Koleenah.
It was as Lektereenah expected, for the kels seldom agreed on anything.
Lektereenah led the roam in a wide sweeping turn, headed back toward the city of Ponk’t.  “To command, I have chosen Gokoh kim.  One of our most celebrated prodsmen.  Tukmaster.  Experienced kip’t pilot.  He has the respect of all who know him.”
Mokleeoh considered that.  “I know of this Gokoh.  His exploits are known in every sea.  Omt’or is agreeable with this.”
After spirited discussion, the other kels eventually came around, assured by Lektereenah that all kels would participate in commanding units of the muh’pul’tekel.  
“Their weapons will be powerful,” she added.  “Ponkti armorers are even now assembling them: prods, stunners, scentbulbs of extreme penetrating ability, mah’jeet sacs, k’orpuh to sting the Umans.”
“There should be seamothers…many seamothers,” said Koleenah.  “They can move about in the Notwater, scatter the Umans.  Destroy their equipment and that blasted sound machine.”
“Then we will have seamothers.”
Klindonik had a thought.  “Do we know the Notwater well enough to attack?  Shouldn’t there be reconnaissance efforts first?”
Lektereenah sighed in exasperation.  “Even now, Klindonik.  Even now, Ponkti scouts are surveying the waters and the approaches to the Uman base.  They’re studying the wavemaker machine and learning how to disable it for good.  We will leave nothing to chance.”
“And another sound shield should be put up,” said Mokleeoh.  “Just in case.  Omsh’pont is being buried in slides and silt more and more every day.”
“As is Ork’et,” declared Potammah.
And so it went.  
Now Lektereenah sprung her final surprise.  “I request that the entire muh’pul’tekel force be ordained as tekmetah to me personally.  Bonded to me to their own death to carry out this attack.  To put the Uman machine out of business and rid the seas of this menace.”
The Metahs debated this for some time, as Lektereenah led the roam back to the city.  Finally, all agreed.
When the formal vish’tu was over and the thousands had dispersed, Lektereenah hosted a gathering of the Metahs in her chambers, introducing them to Gokoh kim.  His second-in-command would be the Omtorish kip’t pilot Hablek keek.
Both nuzzled Lektereenah along her flanks while servlings darted among the sovereigns with trays of gisu and snacks.  
“You have a critical mission,” Lektereenah charged them.  Hablek and Gokoh hovered stiffly nearby, at attention.  “The kels are depending on you.  Honor the kelke with your efforts.  I order you to seek the blessings of the mekli priestesses for this sacred crusade.  Tomorrow, you will see that training efforts are well underway and you will personally travel to the Pillars of Shooki for this blessing.”  She handed a small echobulb to Gokoh.  “Deliver this to the chief mekli.  It’s a message, from me—” she pulsed the other Metahs warily.  “—from all of us.  We must have Great Shooki on our side if this mission is to succeed.”
“Of course, Affectionate Metah.  Your will is our duty.”
The commanders were then dispatched to their duties and the Metahs were served a feast commemorating the end of the vish’tu.

Even tekmetah-bonded to the Metah, Gokoh kim knew that training such a disparate force of warriors from other kels and blending them into a respectable fighting unit would not be easy.  From the first day, inter-kel conflicts bubbled up almost every hour and much training time was spent smoothing over the disputes and separating the fighters.
It started when one crew was staging a vast sling and float device for the new sound shield.  The sling was woven of tchinting fiber, a Ponkti specialty.  The Ponkti soldier—his name was Kuktor-- was very protective, even defensive, of his work.  An Omtorish prodsman named Yaktu struggled with the fiber, trying to bend it far enough to form a knot of sorts, something to cinch up two ends and close a loop so the sling could be fastened to a float.  The plan was to attach the sling ends to the new shield and float it all the way to the surface, where it could be attached to the Uman machine.  
“This blasted fiber’s too tough,” Yaktu complained.  “The weave’s too tight…I can’t bend it.  If you’d done your job right, this wouldn’t be happening.”
“If you knew anything about tchin’ting,” retorted Kuktor, “you’d know where to make your bend.  Nothing wrong with the fiber…it’s the joiner who doesn’t get it!”
The argument had been flaring for hours, until Yaktu couldn’t take it anymore.  He dropped his end and went right at Kuktor and a full-fledged brawl ensued.  Before Gokoh heard it and came as fast as he could, more had joined in.  A cat fight of tumbling, slashing, stabbing bodies flashed before him.  Grabbing several others, Gokoh waded in to the tussle, got a beak in the face, and was slapped silly by someone’s tail.  It took other Ponkti prods, strong words, curses and determined referees from Eep’kos and Sk’ort to finally break the fight up.  
The battling kelke separated reluctantly and hovered nearby, glaring at each other.  Gokoh stayed in the middle.
“That’s enough!  Enough of this…all you kelke do is bicker and argue and fight.”  He hoped he was conveying proper disgust with the whole situation.  “You want to come with me to the Notwater and see with your own eyes why we’re here?  Our world’s falling apart.  The water’s getting colder, saltier.   Stop this bitching and moaning and jabbing at each other…you guys aren’t enemies.  The real enemy’s up there—“ he pointed toward the Notwater.  “The real enemy’s the Tailless who created this mess.  How about a little shoo’kel, for once, huh?”  He didn’t even know if he’d used that word right, but at least no one was snickering.  “Now, let’s get back to work and get this job done.”
Little escapades like this happened every day.

At Hablek’s suggestion, Gokoh found it expedient to call an all-hands briefing the next day, near the base of the seamount that served as the force’s training waters.
Dozens of warriors assembled noisily below and alongside a narrow ledge which served as a platform for Gokoh’s address.  By consensus, they had informally named themselves Eelots, for the slithering snake-like creatures that carried serious electric charge. The waters outside the cave city were cold, rough and silty, owing to the Uman machine’s acoustic waves.  Gokoh had to speak in a loud voice, amplified by nearby repeaters, who sang out every word the commander uttered.
Gokoh looked out at his men, all carefully selected, assembled with their weapons and equipment.  In many ways, he looked forward to the coming engagement.  The Tailless were a perfect enemy; it was easy to hate them, since no one really understood creatures of Notwater.  They were clearly monsters, albeit with powerful weapons and a tendency to act without thinking, but still soulless beasts.  Even the seamothers had more honor than Tailless worms.
The operation was about to commence and for that, Gokoh was grateful beyond words, for the despicable grungefish called Umans had casually tossed off the original Sound Shield and routed his Ponkti force of prodsmen and stunners days before and to save what was left of the pod, they’d had to withdraw back to their homewaters and lick their wounds.
Gokoh scanned the sea of troops hovering around him, while, all around, small guardfish flitted about like the infernal creatures the Umans called flies, barking commands and keeping some semblance of order.  Gokoh figured the sooner the troops could be sent on their way and their energies focused on the enemy over the horizon, the sooner they’d stop bitching and moaning and fighting each other.
The Chief Prodsman of the Ponkti wondered just how well this mixed force would do, but then that’s what combat had become against this cursed enemy of Seome…joint task forces, combined arms, the kels all mixed together like stew.  Already he had personally squelched half a dozen brawls between Ponkti and other kelke warriors.
Maybe some friction was normal between prodsmen and stunners from so many kels but Gokoh had seen to it that his unit commanders squashed the worst of the scuffles before anybody really got really hurt.
Now Gokoh pulled a small echopod from his mobilitor belt and tapped a few keys.  He clicked into his pod and a high-volume rally cry burst forth, tuned to the special frequency for his force.  Obediently, several dozen troopers gathered around, some in mobilitors, some in full weapons harnesses, some clinging to stanchions and rock outcrops nearby.  Sixty in all, divided into several platoons for the combined arms assault on their sector.
Gokoh went over the particulars in detail, making sure that everything was well understood, which was not something to be taken for granted with such a crazy stewpot of a force.  Nothing was omitted: unit objectives, call signs and passwords, fields of fire, how to treat prisoners and civilians, the rules of engagement, cas-evac procedures, everything.
One Seomish, drifting above a coral bed near the end of the ledge, had a question.  Skortish, from the looks of him, Gokoh decided, but definitely not Ponkti.
“Commander Gokoh, what happens if the approaches to the island are blocked?”
Gokoh glared back.  “Prodsmen First Class Yaktok, you do have the brains of a sea cow.  Where were you during the last week of training?  If the approaches are blocked, you will use your tactical mah’jeet swarms to unblock them…that’s why you have tactical mah’jeet swarms.  Clear?”
“Uh…yes, sir.”
Despite the rumbling discontent, Gokoh had come to have pride in his polyglot outfit, composed as it was of Ponkti prodsmen, Skortish stunners and other kelke warriors.  
A horn sounded—the Load Up signal—and the Eelots, for that was the name the men had chosen for themselves—boarded their small fleet of kip’ts.  The trip north from Ponk’t to the Kinlok Island seamount would take about two days—two days to reach the tango point, assembly and staging Point Pomt’or, just at the edge of the guyot that was Kinlok seamount.  To make the crossing without detection, the Eelots would undoubtedly be acoustically screened by the Umans pinging away with their active sonar but Gokoh was old school and put more faith in the raucous, bellowing and honking of two seamother calves the Ponkti had brought to the outskirts of the city.  Gokoh knew that, properly ‘motivated,’ the puk’lek calves would make enough racket to drown out an entire navy.
After a few stirring words, Gokoh dismissed the troops to their final outfitting and prep.  He and Hablek had another mission, a command issued by no less that Lektereenah, Metah of all Ponkti.
They were to travel north ahead of the Eelots all the way to the Pillars of Shooki.  There, the commanders would seek an audience with the mekli priestesses and petition them for Shooki’s blessing of the whole operation.  Gokoh was privately skeptical, even scornful of the idea but you couldn’t very well disobey a direct order by the Metah.
Lektereenah liked to cover all her bases.

The Pillars of Shooki lay at the very top of the world.  Surrounded by vast sheets of floating ice, far to the north of the Ponk’el Sea, the shrine sat at the very edge of the polar ice cap itself.  A swift but narrow current, the Pomt’or, rushed by some two hundred beats to the south, curving across the bleak Northern Hemisphere until it split apart near the island of Likte.
The Pomt’or was the northern arm of the Pom’tel and it was the only current that directly approached the Pillars.  Moreover, according to Gokoh, it was the fastest and safest way to reach Kinlok Island.  To get there would still require a tedious trip through the eastern Orkn’tel.  The waters there were dense and sluggish, stagnant at the equator, and brimming with foul-tasting and dangerous mah’jeet fields, so thick in patches that no kip’t could get safely through without clogging its jets.  
“I don’t want to go through mah’jeet again,” Hablek decided.  Nobody did.
But there was no quicker way to the Pillars…and to Kinlok.
Ensconced in their two-man kip’t, Gokoh and Hablek cruised deeper into the ice fields that thickened as they went north.  Huge misshapen chunks and bergs drifted by and Gokoh slowed them down to negotiate the field.  
Hablek was worried.  “Maybe we’ve gone too far.  How will you know when we’re in the sacred waters?”
That’s when Gokoh saw what he was sure was a dream…materializing out of the ice-choked debris.  An apparition floated before them, tiny and serene, almost petite.  Pure white skin and delicate fins that seemed more like tissue.  Her beak was knobbed at the point and Gokoh sensed tingling again, even inside the kip’t—like the k’orpuh, like the Ponkti prod, clearly she carried voltage.  
In her tiny hands, she held a small fist-shaped object, oval, with projections at each end.  The apparition shook the object and a deafening explosion came, a boil of bubbles and froth and heaving shock waves that overturned the kip’t and drove them deeper.  
Hablek’s voice came stuttering over his echopod.
At a gesture, both prodsmen exited the kip’t and stood surrounded by a squad of apparitions.
Gokoh chirped.  “This is one of mekli priestesses.  We’re inside the holy waters…the Pillars of Shooki.  The mekli won’t let us continue…we must have done a terrible thing.”
“Look…they’re all around us.”
And Gokoh saw that Hablek was right.  Dozens of the whitish figures hovered above, below, all around them, each bearing the strange oval suppressors.  
“They can detonate the water,” Gokoh explained.  “It’s a chemical reaction…closely guarded by the mekli.  They enforce the shoo’kel here.  The mekli will let nothing disturb these waters.  Only the most serene are permitted.”
But the circle of mekli was already closing in on them, herding both Gokoh and Hablek closer together.
“Where are they taking us?” he asked Gokoh.
Gokoh seemed a bit nervous.  Something came through Hablek’s echopod that didn’t translate.  Then: “Inside the Pillars, I think.”
“What’s going to happen to us?”
“I don’t know.”
And with that, the circle of mekli priestesses, with their grenades and a line of fearsome-looking spearfish behind them, nudged their captives into motion.  Above them, the ice floes groaned and screeched as the bergs bumped against each other.  And beyond all of it, the Uman sound droned on.
Gokoh found the pace easy enough to keep up with, despite the cold dense water.  The ice pack played strange tricks with the light.  It coalesced in patches, forming apparitions that frightened and confused them at the same time.  Schools of scapet and tooket swirled in the twilight.  Thick clouds of sediment rolled along the bottom, obscuring everything.
And the huge floes rained chunks of ice down on them from above.
The captives bore on for what seemed like hours.  The sameness was monotony, agony, even misery.  They seemed stuck on the same course, wedded by sheer exhausted numbness to a heading that never changed.  Beat after beat of frozen tubegrass and ice mounds.  Unending hail from above.  Nothing living, save for themselves.  Only ice and ice and more ice: ice kels, ice kip’ts, ice tillet, ice ompods.  The image of it burned in their minds, searing their vision into a gray-white void.  For a brief instant, Gokoh felt himself falling, as if a whirlpool had reached out and grabbed him.  He welcomed the giddiness gladly—it was something he could still feel.  It washed over him like the great currents themselves, strong, overwhelming, a wonderfully delicious feeling of helplessness. 
And then, there it was.
The berg was so large that it blocked a clear view of anything beyond, refracting most of what little light there was off its chalky white slopes.  But even with that, the presence of a vast structure, dense and hard, could be felt.
They slowed their approach and came into the holy waters of the Voice with hushed awe.  The Pillars rose up out of the silted bottomland like legs of rock.  Cruising near the seafloor, the captives and their guards circled the Pillars completely, gulping in the scented waters voraciously.  There seemed to be no way in.  After several circuits, they halted and settled in a clump of tubegrass half a beat away.
The mekli seemed to be waiting for something, perhaps a signal.
Then it came.  High on the side of the nearest Pillar, a ring of bubbles swirled around the edge.  The stream was emanating from a narrow elliptical crevice.  One of the mekli separated herself from their guard detail and poked her beak into the crevice.
In that moment, powered by some device Gokoh couldn’t see, the entire side of the Pillar grated and groaned and started moving to one side.  The mekli entered.  The captives were herded inside after her.
Hablek pulsed gently.  He had never been here before.  Inside, steep ramparts scattered echoes in all directions.  Gokoh hung close by, watching his friend’s amazed reaction.  A complex network of chapels, crypts, cells, catacombs and other chambers would be dimly sensed.  Above the ramparts, heavy bedrock foundations loomed like a crest, tapering out of sight as they extended upward into the Pillars.  It was a tight and uncomfortable wriggle to get inside.  Gokoh hesitated, then squeezed through.
They were in a tiny cave, sectioned by a post in the middle that seemed to have buckled.  It was dark—the only light came from glowfish trained to float through the corridors in set patterns, casting their spectral copper light in diffuse ovals in the bare stone walls.  They went half a beat or so, then came to an intersection.  More corridors merged in the crossing, leading out in every direction, above, below, and beside them.
“Where are they taking us?” Hablek whispered.
Gokoh’s voice came back hushed, strained.  “The Judging Chambers, I suppose.  Be quiet.”
They could have taken any of the corridors, but the mekli leading the convoy chose one passageway that angled off on the other side of the post.  It was soon apparent that the corridor wasn’t really a corridor at all, rather more like a tunnel, low and cramped.  Gokoh could barely kick his legs.  It was quite uncomfortable—he could hear Hablek behind, grumbling at the effort, hard even to get a full breath in such close confines, but the discomfort was alleviated somewhat by a savory blend of scents that filtered through the waters, an amalgam of smells that would have really been delightful if he had been able to breathe more deeply.  
Gokoh tried a pulse—it sounded more like a bad cough, earning a glare from several of the mekli—and found that the tunnel widened a few beats ahead.  There was more light too—glowfish he was sure, since the mekli seemed to abhor anything artificial inside the Pillars.  But it was pitch black in the tunnel.  Almost like a burrow, hollowed out down through uncounted spans of time, the tunnel sides had been worn completely smooth, for which they were both thankful.  Otherwise, they would have skinned themselves badly.
Gokoh heard Hablek’s voice on his echopod.  “The water is so still,” he said.
Gokoh agreed.  “It must be the shape of the chamber…pulse how it damps out any currents.”  He thrashed an armfin to disturb the water.  Sure enough, the waves died out in seconds.  The chamber crossing was designed to maintain an imperturbable tranquility.
Their mekli guard detail herded them on, through one maze after another, indifferent to the discomforts of the trek.  The lead priestess could be heard swooshing well ahead of them, leading them deeper and deeper into the Pillars, into the Quarter of Melodies, where the shape of the caves altered the quality of their sound.  There seemed to Gokoh to be no meter to it, only the vaguest sort of melancholy, yet the water whispered with definite musical tones.  The tunnels had now widened the deeper they went into the Pillars, making it easier for them to keep up with everybody else. 
They traveled an endless and confusing course through the tunnels; all the time, it seemed to Hablek, they were ascending.  On occasion, the faintest, fleeting tinkle of notes rippled by them, like delicate chimes being gently tapped.  There would be voices too, or what seemed like voices, whispers just beyond hearing, though he sometimes thought it was no more than the ever-present swish of the water.  They were herded through fairly large caverns as they ascended, caverns dimly lit with glowfish and among the shadows, Hablek could make out faces: forlorn, sepulchral, and weary.
“Pilgrims, resting after their journey here,” Gokoh told him.
Through narrow tunnels and rock-hewn chambers, the guards and the convoy followed the mekli.  Gokoh knew well that the Pillars of Shooki did not stop at the surface; they extended well beyond, far into the Notwater.  They were still ascending, traveling the convoluted labyrinth of corridors, occasionally coming upon larger caves and crypts, and he wondered.  How far would they go?
Tradition had always said the Judging Chambers were near the pinnacle of the Pillars.
The mekli brought them to the edge of a cliff, at the end of one of the tunnels.  Even as they approached, they could pulse through the opening that the cavern beyond was deep and wide, and filled with fast-rising columns of water.  It was at the core of one of the Pillars, hollow from its bedrock foundations to its majestic pinnacle high above the surface.  
The mekli priestess then lunged from the cliff and caught one of the streams.  It whisked her away from the opening and carried her upward.  She soon vanished beyond an overhanging ledge.
Prodded by the guards, one by one, the captives launched themselves into the midst of the currents.
The water was both brisk and exhilarating.  It carried them rapidly along, past other landings and portals, sweeping them toward the summit of the Pillar.  Gokoh and Hablek both tried pulsing in the direction they were heading—seven full beats later, the first echoes returned.  A tiny ring of white light capped the heights.
The mekli was somewhere above them, no more than a blip in the pulse.  Her tail was dimly silhouetted against the brighter background.  Below them, the trunk of the cavern spread out into the vast hills from which the Pillars had been formed.  The walls beneath the bottommost shelf of landings widened to an immense grotto, the floor of which was covered in exquisitely sculpted stalagmites.
But as they rose further, the radiance from the top washed out all other detail.
A blinding white blaze enveloped them.  The light of Notwater, Hablek realized.  Painful, penetrating, it cascaded down and streaked the water with shafts of luminous blue-green.  He clutched at his eyes; Gokoh did likewise.  They throbbed from the exposure and he found they were useless.  Opening them, he saw only a shimmering glow.
He pulsed and found the top of the tower near, a beat or so away.  Even as he tried to sort out the confusing echoes, the lifting current slacked off and they drifted aimlessly for a minute, barely touched by the fringe of the current.  Other currents dispersed here too; it was a gathering point for entry to the Echopods.
Another tunnel, this one smooth like a pipe, bent around in a wide sweeping curve.  They were wriggling straight up and the waters murmured to them with a mischievous stealth.  Voices, hushed and furtive, sprinkled the pauses in their own swishing.  The tunnel straightened, leveled out and the mekli slowed down, whispering for silence from the captives and guards.  Now the voices were clearer, sharper.  The Echopods.  Distinct accents.  Inflections.  Someone trilling, arguing.  A bass reply, deep and ponderous.  An aria.  A flurry of oratory, crisp and pointed.  
The passageway widened abruptly and suddenly, the voices were everywhere, swelling in unison, falling away, crackling and whistling, a chorus softly floating.  In the next moment, the chorus faded and the voices rose again in argument, thousands of them, strident yet gentle, firmly commanding, clashing, conflicting, filling the Chamber with incessant chatter.  Gokoh felt Hablek bump him behind.  He opened his eyes.
The glow was dazzling, resplendent in shades of amber, gray and white.  It’s the Notwater, Hablek breathed.  The light streamed into the Chamber from all sides, as if the water itself were ablaze.  Despite the intensity, Hablek held his eyes open to see and wonder.
The Chamber itself was oblong.  Panels of some transparent substance wrapped the walls.  The floor was arrayed with rows of cells, each of which contained one echopod.  More cells lined the walls between the panels.  Open holdpods swayed from the ceiling, their bowls carrying scentbulbs.  Omp’shoo was the scent predominating, aromatic and sweet.  That brought a smile to Hablek.  He had worked with this scent before.  The waters were litor’kel and shoo’kel, and the Voice of the Echopods steadfast.  Shooki’s Voice.
But it was what he saw through the transparent walls that made Hablek tremble.
They were now above the surface, in this Chamber of Echopods, thrust like a sharp blade right into the very heart of the Notwater.  Though the glow of the day was fierce, Hablek blinked in amazement at the view.  Even Gokoh seemed speechless at the sight before them. Gokoh had seen Notwater before, the first time was the Circling, when as a midling he had made the great voyage of passage and snuck up to the surface for a peek.  He thought himself accustomed to its mutable and marvelous scenery.  But this—the Pillars of Shooki revealed aspects of that dry and harsh world he could never have imagined.
All about the Pillars, the bleak and desolate white of the polar icecap stretched to infinity.  A solid flat plate, littered with mounds and hillocks and wind-shaped edges, frozen and silent.  Above, a hoary sheet of gray clouds scudded by.  Hablek gasped at the sight while Gokoh gouged at his eyes.  Something moved.  The hillocks had legs—a head—a spiked tail—
“Puk’lek,” Hablek whispered.
It was true.  The two of them stared in wonder as dozens of seamothers, half-buried in snow, reared themselves and shook the powder off their backs.  As one, they marched past the Pillars, honking, bellowing loudly, heading for a fissure in the ice on the other side of the Pillars.  It was half-hidden by the snow-dusted bulk of the towers, but even so, the beasts could be seen waddling into the frigid blue waters, wallowing for a few minutes, then submerging in a spray of foam.
There were now several mekli in the Chamber, along with the guards.  The mekli were attending the Echopods, listening, arguing their interpretations of the Voice.  All the pods seemed active together and the sayings, parables and utterances of pak’to Shooki were at once both confusing and reassuring.  Their own mekli beckoned them deeper into the Chamber and slowly, prodded by the guards, they complied.
“This is the Judging Chamber,” she told them.  “Listen to the Voice.  The Voice will soothe you.  Let it enter you and fill you with the right shoo’kel.  The waters of this Chamber are the standard.  Shoo’kel here is correct for all kelke, everywhere in the world.  Now, speak the truth to me…why have you come to the Pillars and disturbed these waters with violence in your hearts?”
Gokoh spoke first.  “Ke’mekli, I am free-bound to Loptoheen tu, tukmaster and tekmetah to Lektereenah, Metah of Ponk’et.  We have a simple mission: we have been commanded to attack the Uman soundmaker at Kinlok, destroy it and destroy the Tailless base at the island.  We seek only your blessings on this sacred task.”
Hablek was ready to respond as well, but the mekli held up her hands.  “Talk no more.  Listen to the Voice, instead.”
Hablek held his tongue.  “Ke’mekli, what does the Voice say?  We can’t hear it here.” He glared at Gokoh with scarcely disguised contempt.  “There’s too much noise.”
“O’ my loo’sheen, the most wondrous things.”  The mekli pulsed with radiance.  “It speaks of love and shoo’kel, the balance of all seas.  Of Ke’shoo and Ke’lee and every virtue.  The Vish currents and destiny.  The Dialogues.  The reciting of charms and beatitudes.  The Be’shoo’keen of principal ecstasies.  The Voice is profound and fluent, for truth is like Seome itself, inexhaustible and imperishable.”
Gokoh wanted to press home his point.  “Seome is in danger, ke’mekli. No one can deny this.  The Ponkti even have a word for it: ak’loosh.  That’s what we face from the Tailless, the aliens, if we can’t destroy them…and their machine.”
“Only pak’to Shooki can bless this undertaking.”  The mekli took a small echopod from another priestess and held it to her ears.  “He speaks today only of balance.  Of peace and acceptance.  Shooki does not countenance such violence against such clearly intelligent people as the Tailless.”
Gokoh objected.  “But honorable mekli, the Tailless threaten the whole world.  Their machines create shock waves, landslides, avalanches—”
Hablek agreed, “It’s true, honorable mekli.  My own city Omsh’pont is nearly buried in mud and silt.  We can’t live like this.  Something must be done.”
The priestesses conferred heatedly among themselves.  Several echopods were brought to the circle and passed around.  Excited discussion and arguments followed, with several mekli gesturing abruptly at their visitors.  Voices were raises and just as quickly hushed under stern warnings from the chief priestess.
The chief mekli had made her decision.  “The Voice is not clear on this…we have to interpret. Shooki commands tranquillity and balance, ke’shoo and ke’lee.  Until our beloved pak’to makes His wishes clearer, we must endure the unendurable.  No blessings from the Voice come today.  Perhaps, tomorrow.”
Tomorrow, we’ll be in combat with the Tailless, Gokoh thought sourly.
It was increasingly clear to Gokoh and Hablek that they would not receive official blessings from the mekli for the operation against the Tailless.  With permission, the two commanders informed the priestesses that they wished to take leave, for they wanted to be on hand when the Eelots got underway.  In silence, they were escorted back out of the Pillars, following the same labyrinthine course as before.
They boarded their kip’t and Gokoh set course for Ponk’t, hundreds of beats to the south.  Once they had cleared the holy waters, Hablek murmured, “What will the Metah think, Gokoh?  We’re tekmetah and we failed to complete her orders.”
“The Metah won’t ever know, Hablek.  I’m rendezvousing with the Eelots underway.  We’re not going back to Ponk’t.”
Hablek was morose and apprehensive at what had happened, not bothering to hide his inner turmoil.  “Perhaps, it’s just as well.  With any luck, the Tailless will vaporize us with their suppressors.  Perhaps, we’ll die heroes.”
To that, Gokoh said nothing, but inside, he also seethed with worry.  
The Tailless were sure to be a formidable enemy.
Chapter 5

Seome
Kinlok Island
773.1 Tk (Pre-ak’loosh Epoch of Tekpotu)
January 27, 2115 (Earth C.E.)

The combined Seomish force of muh’pul’tekel began their assault on the Uman base at  dawn…or what passed for dawn on Seome.  The assault had been broken down into three elements, with three targets.  The Twister itself, eight kilometers offshore, would be attacked by the Ponkti element of the Eelots.  The controls hut and supply shed would be assaulted by a Skortish team, equipped with mobilitors and steam-powered suit boost, for the Skorts knew how to capture high-pressure steam from the Ve’skort volcano in their home waters.
 The Umans’ ship would be attacked by a combined Omtorish/Orketish element, penetrating from the headland and rocky escarpment on the north side of the island.
Kinlok’s beach was thick with fog and the whine of fierce winds when the Skortish special force emerged from the surf.  There were six kip’ts in all, with one towing two large mesh enclosures, each holding one somewhat rambunctious seamother calf.  The force maneuvered along the seabed and probed ahead until they came to a sandbar that sloped up to the surface.
Here, Yaktu’s troops unleashed the seamothers and prodded them away.  Honking and bellowing, curious about their strange surroundings, the puk’lek bounded eagerly toward the surface, breaching the waters in an explosion of foam and froth, just landward of the skimmer dock the Umans had constructed.
The beasts had surfaced just off a wharf.  There were two.  One after another, the creatures climbed the wharf pilings and stood for a few moments at the landing, nosing around, sniffing, tasting things.  One seamother careened into the docked skimmer, sinking it immediately.
Both beasts then stalked off the wharf, crashed through some fencing and headed up a steep slope toward the ridge above, where the Umans had built a controls hut for the Twister and a supply shed nearby.
While the seamothers rampaged across the harbor area, other Skortish kip’ts gathered beneath the same dock. The Skortish prodsmen, led by Yaktu, were first to emerge, followed quickly by several squads of Eepkostic warriors, allies of the Sk’ort, led by a prodsmen named Manklu.  One after another, the prodsmen lit off their mobilitors, rose to the surface and landed upright on the bottom slopes of the ridge under propulsor power.  
Spotted by a small group of Umans inside the hut, the Eepkostic were first to react.
“Stunners…open fire!” commanded Manklu.
The entire area was bathed in a blinding white light, followed by the concussive BOOMS! of sound grenades.  Windows and lamps shattered.  The sound and light pulses scattered the Umans and created an opening for the Sk’orts to advance.  
Jump Lieutenant Nathan Golich had been with Time Guard for seven years now, half of it assigned to front-line temporal defense units like 1st TD.  It was interesting work, interesting in the same sense his pathologist friend Wally Ng, back on Keaton’s World, had once talked about dead bodies…conversation you didn’t want to have at the local coffee shops, not if you wanted people to stick around.  Time jumpers and pathologists…Golich had often joked with Wally about what it would be like to attend a pathologist convention, with all the 3d vids and slide shows and the jokes and the conversations in the hallways over bagels and coffee.
“Yeah, probably like a proctologist convention,” Wally always came back.  “I’d pay not to attend one of those.”
Golich had never seen anything like it in all his years with the Guard.  One minute, he and Acth:On’e and URME were calibrating some gizmo that tuned the Twister’s chronotron pods and the next moment, five or six wackos who looked like creatures from a horror vid were waddling up out of the ocean, scaring the bejeezus out of everybody.  
Procedure said you issued challenges: Halt! Drop your weapons! Get on the ground!  Procedure said you gave the scaly beasts a chance to surrender.  Procedure said you called for backup if the situation looked dicey and then you moved in carefully. But when Golich’s throat went dry as the creatures appeared, he forgot all about Procedure. 
He’d fired several shots and the creatures…things…whatever the hell they were—had gone down fast.  Now one of them lay writhing in the shallows and Acth:On’e—who had been the first out of the hut-- started to slip down the hill to examine the fallen creature.
“Stay back!  Stay back…it’s still moving—get back there, Acth!”
The Telitorian halted his descent, while Golich crept forward, his stunner still in firing position.  The nearer creature was moving, it sounded like squeals or clicks or something, thrashing about in the sand and water, flinging up dirt as it writhed.  The farther ones were mostly in the water, smaller in size, but still—now one of them removed something from a side pouch and aimed it in the general direction of the hut. 
Golich came up.  What on K-World’s pink sand dunes--?  
The beast—for that was what he had started calling it in his mind—was not a dolphin.  It wasn’t a shark.  It had legs and arms and what looked like armor plating.  It had holes in the armor and water was spouting out of the holes.  The beast squealed some more.  And what the hell was that device in its hands?
Golich got on the radio, ringing up Major Dringoth, attending to something back aboard Cygnus.
“Major, this is Golich…we got some kind of disturbance over here at the control hut…I don’t know how to describe it…I have fired several rounds—need backup immediately…and something else: would you bring the big weapons…we’re going to need more firepower.  There must be dozens of ‘em!”
That’s when the Skortish team lit off their suppressors.
A strong eye-blinding light went off, followed by a deafening BOOM!  It came again, the light and the BOOM!  Up on the side of the ridge, Acth:On’e had been knocked to his knees by the concussion, but got up.  Somehow, he regained his senses and went after the creatures.  And now there were at least half a dozen…Golich stared dumbfounded as more figures emerged from the waves, at least half a dozen, all clad in the same strange gear, armored gator skin was what it looked like.
Yaktu ordered more suppressing fire.  “Spray the area, Klatko!  Keep them down…Pelspo, get the stek’loo out and send it up!  We need to sniff out where the Tailless are…before they overwhelm us!”
Pelspo was just dragging himself up out of the water and trying to stabilize himself in his mobilitor.  “Kah--!” he muttered to himself.  “It’s so hard to move these blasted things.”  But Yaktu wanted surveillance, so he got himself upright, then dug the stek’loo out of its egg-shaped pod and flung it into the air.
 Its wings snapped out smartly and the device spun up its bi-propulsors and took off, climbing quickly into the sky, sniffing for the scent trail of any remaining Tailless.  To Nathan Golich, still lying on his side, his ears ringing and bleeding, his head pounding from the suppressor burst, the sight of the pterodactyl-like creature swooping and diving and careening overhead made him figure he was dreaming some nightmare horror show of a dream.   Presently, as he struggled to stay conscious, he squinted out of one eye and saw the flying beast from a million years B.C. began to circle meaningfully and intently over the roof of the control hut a few hundred meters up the hill.  URME was still inside, the angel trying his best to maintain structure in all the chaos.  Out of the corner of his eye, he saw the assault team of sea monsters—for that’s what they looked like—begin to move out, clambering awkwardly up the rock hill toward the hut and its attached supply shed, the squad arrayed in perfect diamond formation with weapons trained outward at every compass point.
Man, Golich told himself, this is no circus troop.  These guys are pros.
When the next suppressor burst came and the sky filled with a deafening white light, everything became a blur and Golich passed out again. 
Further north of the skimmer beach, where Golich, Acth:On’e and URME were in a hell of a fight, Monthan Dringoth had heard Golich’s call and peered out a porthole.  What he saw made his stomach do backflips, for the rocky escarpment below Cygnus’ landing site was crawling with armored troops—this was the Omtorish element—and they were steadily advancing along and up the headland toward his position.
“Levee, get down to the arms locker!” he yelled over the 1MC.  “Break out the pulsers, carbines, HERF, everything…meet me at the lockout!”
Dringoth swore under his breath as he climbed down the gangway.  He’d agree to let Ndiko go off on that cock-eyed mission with Charley Meyer and he regretted that decision now; they were going to need all hands on deck to fight off these beasts.
Inside her bunk compartment, Ariel Levee had been cooing and tickling Charlotte when she heard the Major’s panicked voice.
“Crap,” she muttered.  She tucked Charlotte into her crib, gave her something twinkly to play with and dashed out of the compartment.  Moments later, she nearly collided with Dringoth.
The Major was already at the arms locker.
“It’s a full-on invasion!” the Major was shouting, as his fingers fumbled with the locker.  Levee carefully pried his fingers off the mechanism and set about working the cutaneous scanner and retinal probe in the proper sequence.  The doors sprang open.
“Power up everything!”  Dringoth grabbed a magpulser, checked its cartridge and decided it was charged enough.  “You stay inside…guard this ship.  I’m headed out to try and divert the buggers away from here.”
Dringoth disappeared outside and Levee secured the hatch.
Almost immediately, the Major was flattened by a wind gust, sleet stinging his face as he tumbled sideways onto hard rock.  He crawled through ice and rubble along the ground to a protected hollow and chanced a peek down the escarpment.  
His heart sank for what was left of the skimmer was being driven offshore, a loose, scattered collection of spars, keel beams and mast pieces.  
Well, we can always fab another skimmer, he told himself.
He leveled his magpulser at some heads poking above the ridgeline and lit off a few rounds of magnetic loops, just to get their attention.  The loops impacted the ground nearby, sending an explosion of rock chips and ice shards in all directions.  The heads disappeared, but only momentarily.
Out to sea, barely visible in the ice haze, Dringoth noted almost without realizing it that the dance troupe of whirlpools and waterspouts that always accompanied the Time Twister in operation had vanished.
That could only mean the Twister wasn’t working and when he squinted through the sleet, he saw why.
The dome of the machine was thick with serpent-like creatures slithering and climbing all over the upper casing, chewing off chronotron pods, smashing T-buffer mounts, wrecking entanglers and focusers.  
Mother of God, Dringoth murmured. It’s bad enough we have to fight the Coethi when they jump out of voidtime.  Now, this—
Commandstar surveys had always showed this hellhole of a planet to be uninhabited.  Even after Carrie Ndiko’s little trip with that Meyer amphib-girl seemed to indicate that Storm was in fact inhabited by a sophisticated civilization, Dringoth had half hoped the whole report was some kind of hallucination—it had happened before.  Flitting in and out of voidtime did that to people.
Now, there was no longer any doubt and Dringoth knew that their situation was tactically precarious.  Clearly the sea beasts had weapons and knew how to conduct a combined-arms assault.  They were outnumbered and probably outgunned.  Approaching Coethi or not, they had to get the hell off this sewer of a world and regroup.
He also knew they had to protect Cygnus at all costs.  A skimmer could be fabbed easily enough.  The Twister could be re-built and huts and sheds could be re-done.  But the ship—
Dringoth tried to raise Golich and found he and Acth: On’e and URME were surrounded and pinned down on top of the central ridge that formed Kinlok Island’s spine.  
Golich’s voice was frantic.  “I don’t know, Major—the fish have some kind of aerial mist.  Like a swarm of bees.  They sting and hurt like the dickens…Acth’s already half-unconscious.  URME’s scattered to protect himself.”
“You’ve got to get back to the ship, Golich.  Get your crew together—anyway you can…and make your way over the ridge to the ship.  I’m trying to draw fire and divert them away from Cygnus.  Fall back and get your asses back here now!”
Golich’s words were garbled and Dringoth gave up.  First TD fought back with everything they had but they had become separated and cut off from each other.  Pulsers, HERF, carbines, nothing seemed to work against a small army of armored fish.  The beasts had prods and suppressors, not to mention a squad of huge, lumbering serpent creatures.  They had stinging aerial mists, scent fields that made them vomit up their guts, flying things that looked like small pterodactyls—seemingly powered by steam, no less-- and enough tactical smarts to outmaneuver every move Dringoth could think to make.
Commandstar was sure going to have to re-think Alliance strategy in this sector.  Maybe the Coethi would be doing everybody a favor by vaporizing this place.  With the Twister now offline, its vortex fields collapsing, the whole Sigma Albeth system now lay wide open to the Bugs and whatever they wanted to do.
Dringoth scoffed, thinking of Charley Meyer’s hopeless mission.  Why had he ever let Carrie Ndiko join that bunch of suicidal maniacs?
No sense dwelling on that, he told himself.  Monthan Dringoth sucked up some breath, checked the charge in his pulser, then counted down from three and hoisted himself up, getting off a barrage of rounds, before yelling at the top of his voice and plowing across the rubbly ground toward the cliffs overlooking Skimmer beach.  With any luck, he’d draw the fish-freaks’ fire and give Golich and his crew a fighting chance to get back to the ship.
A few hundred meters ahead and to Dringoth’s left, advance elements of the Skortish team had finally made the summit of the island.  They had managed to drive a wedge between two groups of the Tailless.  One group, led by a yelling Uman firing wildly at anything that moved, seemed to be moving toward the cliffs overlooking the beach.  
The second group had been holed up in a small clearing with several small shed-like buildings.  This group now also exited their cover and began firing barrage after barrage of their weapons at the Skortish approaching from the beach and the Omtorish slogging their way down from the northern headland and cliff.
At a signal from Yaktu, who led the Skortish barely twenty meters behind one of the seamothers, prodsman Kasmik released the first of the mah’jeet sacs.  The toxic bloom of deadly micro-organisms burst out of containment and was caught up in gusts coming up from the sea, swelling rapidly into a faintly iridescent cloud that drifted along the ridge and soon enveloped both Tailless positions.
Men crumpled almost immediately, clutching at their throats, their weapons clattering to the rocks as they twisted and pitched heavily to the ground, slowly stung and asphyxiated by the organisms.  Those still twitching when the Skortish patrols approached were quickly dispatched by bursts of electric prods, while more blinders were lit off ahead of their advance.
To add to the confusion, Yaktu ordered scentbulbs to be set off.  Telspo and Potop did the honors, one on each side of the ridge.  The bulbs were opened and a powerful stench soon permeated the summit of Kinlok Island.
It wasn’t long before Monthan Dringoth realized with a cold gnawing in his stomach that he was surrounded, isolated and cut off by two arms of advancing armored fish, a pincer movement like he’d once studied as a newly-minted jolt at the Academy.   
Oh, this isn’t good, he told himself.
There seemed to be five or six of them, fish-like creatures encased in some kind of armored suits.  Several of them advanced by lighting off some kind of jets on the suit legs and hopping from one defilade position to another, always maintaining cover.  A chill went down his spine when he caught a glimpse inside one helmet; the thing inside resembled the lake dolphins on K-World…tiny slit eyes, beaks, fins…this couldn’t be possible.  
How the hell can fish have advanced tech like this?
Just then, the nearest attacker raised its weapon and got off a few rounds in Dringoth’s direction.
Something hot and burning clipped him on the shoulder—he’d thought he was pretty well protected—and Dringoth pitched onto his side.  It felt like flames were licking their way down his arm.  Screaming in pain, he dropped his pulser and it clattered down into a small hollow below.
In an instant, three more attackers boosted over to a small outcrop just above him.  In a flash, one of them fired something different into the air, like a sac or a net.  It fell on top of Dringoth and swiftly auto-cinched itself shut, forming a tight-fitting bag around him.  It squeezed for a few moments and Dringoth found himself sucking air for breath.
A rapid-fire chittering and clacking followed.  Before he could react, three fish had surrounded him and forced some kind of pole through the end of the sac.  Slung beneath the pole like tonight’s dinner—it did occur to him that such might be his fate—the attackers lit off their suit boost and rose as one into the air.
Moments later, Dringoth—still imprisoned in the sac—was roughly dropped onto the rubbly beach as the attackers formed an escort around him.
More chittering, clacking and honking followed.
“Bring up the tchee’lum,” Kekot bellowed to his prodsmen.  Seeing their captive squirming and thrashing about, Kekot lowered his own prod to zap the poor Tailless creature.  The crackle of voltage stung Dringoth and he yelped and flinched back, then remained quiet and sullen thereafter.  “And make sure the pods are charged with Notwater.  This beast breathes Notwater.”
Still in his sac, Dringoth was dragged down to the water’s edge across the rough pebbly beach and partially lowered into the freezing water.  The sac was definitely not water proof.  
But through the fine mesh, Dringoth saw a rounded hump appear out of the surf.  It was the transfer pod—the tchee’lum—though he didn’t know that.  The top of the pod swung open and two burly fish-people hoisted Dringoth in his sac, depositing him rudely inside the capsule.  The hatch swung shut and Dringoth felt his ears pop as the capsule sealed itself with pressure.
Air!  Through the fine mesh, he saw what looked like tiny faces surrounding the inside of the capsule, their cheeks and lips puckered with effort, blowing outward.
The faces were blowers distributing air throughout the capsule.  Some of the faces blew and some sucked.  The faces ringed the upper perimeter of the tiny capsule and Dringoth had a  bizarre thought they were like an audience, not only giving him air but watching his every move as well.  He shuddered at the sight.
Seeing that, Dringoth felt the same cold gnawing he had felt a few moments before.
We’re going underwater, he realized.
As if to confirm his suspicions, a tow line was attached to one end of the capsule and it lurched into motion.  Soon, Dringoth found himself bobbing and pounding through rough surf, the breakers whitecapping over top of the capsule as it was dragged out to sea.
Seconds later, the capsule submerged and Dringoth, inside his tiny cage, found himself pulled under, into a cold, ice-flecked realm of gray-green murk.

Several hundred meters above and to the north of the disappearing tchee’lum, Jump Lieutenant Nathan Golich never saw what had happened to the Major, for he was pinned down with Acth:On’e below a small overlook near the controls hut.
At least ten armored fish were slowly but steadily advancing, from hollow to ledge, climbing toward their position.
He and Acth had laid down barrage after barrage of HERF and magpulser fire, to no obvious effect.
“This isn’t working, Acth.  We’ve got to do something different.”
The Telitorian ducked another spray of suppressor rounds that came whistling up toward them.  The rounds shredded what was left of the hut into more splinters and sent rock and ice careening through the air in all directions.
“Maybe URME’s got something,” he suggested, brushing dirt and ice off his shoulders.  “Otherwise, we’re surrounded and cut off from the ship.”
Golich agreed.  “It’s just a matter of time.  We’ve got break out of this position and get back to the ship.  Any word from Levee?”
“She and the baby are okay for now.  She hasn’t seen any fish people moving on their position…yet.  Plus, she’s got half the arms locker broken out.  The buggers try to take her and they’ll get more than they bargained for.”
“I’m more worried about those big serpents down there thrashing around in the surf,” Golich said back.  “Any one of them could knock Cygnus right over and send her crashing off that cliff.”
The Lieutenant went on.  “Somehow, we’ve got to make it back to Cygnus.  URME, where are you now?”
URME—the Unit Reserve Memory Entity—was a para-human swarm entity—the word was angel now—a loose collection of nanometer-scale bots that could form up to resemble anything and could assemble atoms and molecules at unheard-of speeds.
“Currently in configuration C-1,” came the distant voice back.  “Dispersed and below your level, maybe fifty meters to the north.”
Golich squinted through the sleet and saw a faint drifting patch of ice fog hovering against the side of the headland.  Must be him, Golich decided.
“URME, have you got any configs that could push these fish people back away from us?  If we don’t get a path from the hut back to the ship, we’re going to be fish sticks pretty soon.”
“I could try configuration C-20, Lieutenant.  There’s enough feedstock around, but it’ll take a few minutes.  I can break off discrete elements and swarm the targets individually…maybe even chew through those armored suits.”
“Do it!” Golich ordered.  “And be quick about it!  When you’re ready to advance into the target zone, give us a heads-up, so we can stop firing.”
URME acknowledged.
The Umans and the Seomish exchanged suppressor and magpulser fire for several minutes.  Acth:On’e’s aim proved true on one occasion, as he sent a stream of mag loops into the head and shoulders of one of the fish.  The bugger sprawled backward and went tumbling head over heels down the cliffside.
“Come on, URME, come on,” Golich muttered, sighting on another target, squeezing off another barrage of mag.  He clipped the fish but it just went down, rolled a bit, and boosted itself back up.  
Then came word from URME.
“Lieutenant, cease fire.  Cease fire now.  Ready to move on the nearest targets.”
Golich pulled his fingers off the trigger and motioned Acth to do the same.
“Send in the cavalry, URME.  And hurry up, will you.  Those serpent beasts are starting to climb the hill right below us.”
For several minutes, nothing seemed to happen.  A faint bank of ice fog trickled through the gusty winds and sleet toward the fish people nearest them, a quartet of armored fish not thirty meters below the ridgeline.
Then, all of a sudden, two of the fish started waving and swatting at something, something invisible.  A third lost its balance and careened backward, rolling like a statue down through some slick icy rubble to a lower ledge.  For awhile, the fish kicked and punched and flailed at their invisible attackers.  Then the fourth attacker started uttering a deathly gurgling sound.
Golich saw that somehow URME’s assault swarm had chewed right through the armor suit and now high-pressure water began spewing out of the penetration.  The enemy soldier clutched at its leg, then squatted and finally lay back on its side, its movements steadily become more twitchy and halting.  Finally, it jerked hard, stopped twitching altogether and lay still.
Golich swallowed hard.  Those buggers live in water…that’s what’s inside those suits.
“It’s working!” Acth:On’e yelled.  “It’s working…look at ‘em!”
Fighting intermittent icy gusts, URME’s assault swarms systematically descended on each and every fish soldier.  Some died, their armor chewed right through by URME’s disassemblers.  Others were quicker to react and backed or boosted their way back down to the beach, where a line of enemy craft lay bobbing in the surf.  URME then detached an element of his swarm to engage the seamothers, stalking and bellowing about on the lower ramparts of the cliff.
The beasts bellowed forlornly as the bots fell on them and flicked their spiked tails back and forth madly.  Most lunged for the water.  Two didn’t make it and died on the beach, their twitching carcasses still spasming and convulsing until they were still.
Encouraged, Golich cautiously emerged from his defilade position.  Acth:On’e did the same and they reconnoitered the ridge around the controls hut—what was left of it—and the supply shed, kicking and picking through the debris.  
Down below on the beach, the fish people were in full retreat and soon, both their small craft and the remaining seamother serpents had disappeared beneath the waves.
After an hour’s furious assault, the Umans had managed to push the Seomish off the island and away from the Twister.  The assault on the Uman base was over.  And the Twister itself was in ruins.
Golich tried unsuccessfully raising Major Dringoth but got no response.
“Maybe’s he’s hurt,” Acth suggested.
The two of them ascertained that the Major had not returned to the ship.  They spent the next hour picking and probing their way around the summit of the cliff, the headland, several caves below the rocky escarpment at the north end of the island and along the beach.  
Monthan Dringoth never turned up.
Acth:On’e stared out at the ruins of the Twister, its vast conical casing now mostly hidden from them by the ice fog.  Fierce wind gusts battered them and the wind drove huge rolling breakers crashing down on the beach all around them.
“Maybe he’s out there.  On or around the Twister.”
“We don’t have a skimmer.  Plus, the hut’s destroyed.  We’d have to fab one from the ship’s stores.  But you may be right.  Let’s get back to the ship.”
They found Ariel Levee and little Charlotte frightened but unhurt.   Half an hour later, URME had re-gathered himself into something vaguely resembling a shadowy human being and made it through the lockout.
The crew—what was left of 1st TD—gathered in the crew’s mess, fondling hot drinks and soups.
Golich was grim.  “The Twister’s a wreck.  Levee just checked sensors…the Coethi swarm’s almost upon us.  I don’t know why they haven’t fired on this star yet.  And we can’t find Major Dringoth.”  Golich was furious, at Dringoth for letting Carrie Ndiko leave the crew, at that suicidal amphib Charley Meyer for convincing them she ever had any kind of influence on these stupid fish, at himself for not taking Charley’s description of Seomish capabilities more seriously.  
“We have to face the possibility.” Acth:On’e offered.  “The Major may be dead.  Drifting offshore somewhere.  We may never find him.”
“Or the fish people took him prisoner,” Golich had a thought.  “Maybe they snatched him for future bargaining.”
Acth:On’e said, “Lieutenant, we’d better get Cygnus ready to fly.  Get the hell out of here before the Bugs come calling.  It’s only a matter of time.”
Golich shook his head.  “We can’t just leave without knowing what happened to the Major.  Commandstar would have our heads and our butts.  Time jumpers don’t leave time jumpers behind.”
No one argued with that.  
URME hovered at the hatch.  The angel spoke.  “Lieutenant, before regaining config C-1, my sensors detected one of the fish people’s little craft, just driven onto the beach by the surf.  Perhaps, that would be of use in locating Major Dringoth.”
It was a wacky idea but no one had a better one.  Golich and Acth:On’e bundled up and left Cygnus, making their way carefully along the ridgeline, then down a rocky path to the north end of Skimmer beach.  There among the splintered spars, masts and hull pieces of what once had been their skimmer, they saw the Seomish kip’t.  
It rolled in the waves, caught against some rocks and looked for all the world like a small sled, with some kind of propulsor at one end and a canopied cover over what seemed to be a cockpit in the center.
Acth:On’e eyed Golich, who had bent down to peer into the cockpit.
“Lieutenant, are you thinking what I’m thinking?”
Golich carefully ran his hands over the hull of the craft.  “I don’t know if we can get this contraption working or not.”
“You think we could find the Major is this thing?”
Golich looked up.  “I think we have to try, Acth.”

Twenty Million Kilometers Up-Sun from Seome
773.8 Tk (Pre-ak’loosh Epoch of Tekpotu)
January 28, 2115 (Earth C.E.)
Time Stream Unknown

Carrie Star-Ndiko was alone.  Alone in a way no human ever had been before.
Trying to follow a suspected Coethi time jump, Charley Meyer, Ndiko, Rey Diaz and Sandy Kilgorly prepared to follow the Coethi in their own ship Omt’or and soon found themselves riding a dragon’s tail, a chaotic and convulsive seam of time called The Flux.  In her jolt days back at the Academy, Ndiko had spent part of one summer ducking into and out of time streams, just to get a taste of what time jumping was all about.
For Ndiko, it had always led to a day of bad headaches. It was known officially as TST—Temporal Survival Training.  Second-year jolts called it the Flux Tube.
The purpose of the Flux Tube was to teach jolts how to survive alone in a time stream outside of a jumpship, clad only in a hypersuit.  The Flux Tube itself was like an extended airlock, attached to the side of a jumpship and fitted to the lockout chamber on the ship’s F deck.  
Two scared jolts were ensconced inside the Tube.
After making several jumps across time streams, said jolts were discharged into the time stream and left on their own for several days to a week.  All they possessed were the normal complement of equipment that came with a hypersuit…and each other.   The ship soon disappeared.
Training said that the proper procedure for a jolt marooned in a time stream without a ship was to survive and return to the original time stream by using temporal navigation, by analyzing the convergence rates of worldlines around them, and by judicious use of their own suit boost to effect what the instructors like to ‘chronometric maneuvering.’
Yeah, right.
Flux was the term given by temporal physics to the turbulent boundary region between known time streams.
The conditions of the TST exercise required jolts to: 1.  Provide all needed sustenance for themselves and their buddies; 2. Correctly analyze and take sightings of the time stream and maneuver successfully through several flux boundaries and time streams using only their hypersuits; and 3. Return to the original temporal coordinates in a set time period, hopefully in one piece.
For TST, jolts were grouped into squads of four.  Buddy-jumping was the rule of the day.  Mutual support and cooperation were required to survive and was expected.  TST never involved voidtime or anything like an Evans-Klein fissure…they were too dangerous.
Now, Ndiko floated silently alone, somewhere and somewhen.  She remembered ALBERT’s warnings, the chaos after a hull breach, the mad dash to the escape pod…what the hell had happened to Omt’or?
And where were the other three?
As a young child, Carrie Star-Ndiko had always loved taking a bath.  Lots of words could describe the feeling: security, serenity, safety, warmth, cocoon.  Not words a three-year old would use, but you get the idea.
Thoughts like these and others came to Ndiko.  She was a little disoriented. 
Where am I?  What is this?
She remembered stepping into the escape pod…Charley, Rey Diaz, Sandy Kilgorly, they had all been there…frantically donning hypersuits…the separation…the brilliant light….
She decided to try a coupler link to Charley.  All she got was static.
For sure, this was no TST exercise but the words of Jump Commander Sims, her instructor, kept coming back to her.  Maybe taking a warm bath as a three-year old wasn’t the best way to describe being adrift in some unknown time stream.  Try this: buried under the covers on a cold winter morning.  No?  How about stumbling about in a darkened bedroom trying to find your slippers?  Or: getting separated from your Mom and Dad on the boardwalk at K-World’s Loch Lithgow for three hours, with all the panic and frantic worry.  Or: locked in a closet by your big sister, fumbling around with jackets and coat hangers.
Carrie Ndiko decided to try a more logical approach to figuring this out.
I think, therefore I am.  At least, she thought she was thinking.  I have a mind.  I have thoughts.  But there was more.  Something more than her thoughts.  Was somebody else in here?  That was ridiculous.
I have sensations.  Hot, cold, hard, soft.  Try to analyze this.
A snatch of memory came to her: The rhythms at which time flows are determined by the gravitational field, a real entity with its own dynamic that is described by the equations of Einstein.  If we overlook quantum effects, time and space are aspects of a great jelly in which we are immersed.  But the world is a quantum one and gelatinous spacetime is also an approximation.  There is neither space nor time—only processes that transform physical quantities from one to another… 
Gelatinous spacetime?  Where the hell did that come from?  I must have read that.
Now, she was sure of it.  There was someone else out there here.  Just a snatch of voice, a snippet whispering in the ether—
“Does anybody hear me… out there—"
It was Charley Meyer.
“Meyer!  I hear you…tune your coupler…you’re very faint.”
Ndiko kicked herself around to look everywhere, then stopped the rotation with a pulse of her suit boost.  Something shadowy crept across her field of vision, across the starfield.
“How’s this, Carrie?  Am I coming in better?”
“Much better.  Where are you?”
Some mumbling and fumbling.  “I think…I don’t know, maybe a couple hundred meters behind you.  Make a gesture or something, so I can see you.”
Ndiko waved her arms and kicked her legs for a moment.  She didn’t want to do too much of that.  Suit boost wouldn’t last forever.
“Ah—”
A few minutes later, her legs were brushed by something and she looked down.  It was Charley, in her hypersuit.  As they had been trained, the two of them grabbed one another and counter-maneuvered to stop their mutual spin.
“I’m just glad to see you…glad to see anyone.”
Charley’s face was pale and drawn inside her helmet, but the smile was unmistakable.  “Me too.  Where are we?”
Ndiko shrugged, a useless gesture in a hypersuit.  “Beats me.  Some time stream, I suppose…that looks like flux over there—” She pointed to a faint ribbon that looked like a cloud of bubbles boiling in a thunderstorm.  “We must be near a boundary of some type.  Hopefully, not voidtime.  I was trying to remember whatever I learned at the Academy about Evans-Klein fissures.”
“Aren’t they supposed to be theoretical?”
“I’d say we just proved the theory.”
With all the voice traffic chirping on the coupler, one after the other, Diaz and Kilgorly finally made contact and made their way to the small group.  
Ndiko said.  “We need to find out where we are…and when we are.”
Kilgorly said, “I started to work on that a few moments ago, while we were still approaching your position.  Just a sec--.”
The engineer drifted scant meters away, using his wristpad and helmet scope to sight along a worldline converging ahead of them, measuring their angle to the line. “I’d say best estimate puts us in timestream T-668…or something higher.  The angles along my rhumb line converge to that point, pretty closely.”
Ndiko felt an involuntary shudder.  Something pricked her memory, something about that particular time stream.  
Rey Diaz studied their surroundings.  All of them seemed to be floating motionless in a black void, but they knew that was an illusion, for they were in fact hurtling down the rapids of some time stream toward a fate not yet known.  “There’s an ancient Hindu saying about all this…they called a place like this ‘The River of No Man Passes.’ 
Charley Meyer shivered and turned up the heater inside her suit.  “Gives me the creeps, if you ask me.”  She fought back the rising tide of panic by following an old time jumper’s trick: quietly reciting the Code of Conduct….
“Time jumpers don’t leave any troopers behind…time jumpers fight only the enemy…time jumpers don’t harm those who surrender….”
She found that by repeating well-known phrases and verses—the Time Jumper’s Code, favorite songs and nursery rhymes, pieces of well-known speeches—she could occupy her mind enough to keep from dwelling on the fact that they were completely lost in some time stream, seemingly lost in space, with no way out.
After she grew tired with that, she started describing what she was seeing, sort of a Captain’s Log of sights and sounds.  
“Well, there’s a lot of stars, to begin with.   Stars and galaxies and things I have no idea what they are.  Spirals and pinwheels and barred spirals and blobs and globs of stars.  I keep wondering about that black hole or singularity or whatever the hell it is over there to my right…what is a black hole doing in the middle of a time stream?  It has to mean something….”
Ndiko recognized the signs in her voice right away.  Flux phobia.  Maybe a little voidtime syndrome too.
“Charley…stop. Captain Meyer, get a hold of yourself…that’s an order.”
Then something beeped in her ears.  Suit sensors had picked up something.  The beeping snatched her away from the panic that had been growing inside.
“Got a sensor hit, Captain.  Just now.”  She torqued her body to probe the signal strength.  “Bearing…jeez, I have no idea.  Out there, directly along this vector—” She raised an arm and held it out straight as the hypersuit would permit.  “That way…something solid.  And big.”
Kilgorly had seen the indications on his own suit sensors.  “We should maneuver off this trajectory…if we should—”
Diaz shouted.  “There…right there!  See that shadow, just crossing that nebula thing.”
Now all eyes were watching as the four of them drifted toward an object that grew alarmingly in size with every eyeblink. 
For a brief moment, Ndiko felt her heart stop.  Cold panic sat in the pit of her stomach like a lump of ice.  There was something familiar about the shape of the object. 
It was a ship.  
Kilgorly put a voice to what they were all thinking.  “It looks like a jumpship.  Could be Omt’or…I hope.”
Diaz observed, “We are closing awfully fast, guys.”
Ndiko had seen that too.  “We can’t pass up this opportunity.  Everybody link up.  Link arms.  Keep our combined center of mass aligned…when I give the count, we’ll all fire our suit boost together and try to decelerate.”
“We’ll only get one shot at this,” Kilgorly said.  “If the timing’s off at all…”
“Don’t even think it,” Ndiko warned.  “Hold on…five…four…three…two…one…Fire!”
As one, the four time jumpers fired their hypersuit boost together.  The thrust set them to spinning slightly, a slow roll about an axis that went through Diaz…Rey hadn’t pulled his center of mass in close enough.  
“Tighter!” Ndiko yelled, gesturing at Diaz, who finally complied, realizing that if they didn’t align themselves properly, they would pass above the ship and miss it entirely.  The ship and the time jumpers were speeding along on completely different trajectories and who knew if they’d have enough boost to make any corrections.
“Here it comes!” Kilgorly cried.
The ship loomed up out of the starfield like a fat seed, her planes and vanes sticking out like a surprised porcupine.  
“Grab that—” Ndiko spied the rudder coming up fast.  “The rudder--!”
“Hold on!”
“I can’t quite--!”
Somehow, one after another, the time jumpers managed to snag protrusions along the ship’s hull as she streaked by.  Charley winced as the transfer of momentum twisted a shoulder muscle violently but she managed to hang on, clinging to a handle on what would later turn out to the ship’s lockout.
Ndiko found herself ensnared between the rudder and an aft flow vane, caroming back and forth like a wayward billiard ball until she could damp out the oscillations, which she did with more suit boost and a lot of grunting and swearing.
Diaz and Kilgorly both clung precariously to flow vanes amidships.
That’s when Kilgorly spied some numbers on the ship’s hull, streaked, barely legible, scorched in places, but for all that still decipherable. 
It was Omt’or.
Charley announced her position.  “Hey, I think I’m at the lockout here.”
“All hands, close on Charley’s position,” Ndiko said.  “Can you operate the handle?”
“I’m trying…this blasted suit’s so stiff….”
“Here,” said Kilgorly, “we’ll give you a hand.”
It took all four of them, but in time and with a mighty heave, they managed to operate the handle, opening the outer hatch of the lockout and slipping inside the lockout chamber.  One after another, the jumpers closed the outer hatch, cycled the lockout air—fortunately it still seemed to work, and fell through the inner hatch to the gridwork floor inside F deck.
The place smelled like burnt gunpowder.  But there was air, breathable air.
A quick query to ALBERT ascertained that after the emergency and the crew’s escape, the ship’s AI had managed to patch the hull breach and re-pressurize the ship.
Ndiko wrinkled her nose and sat up, fingering the quick-disconnect on her helmet and tossing the hat aside.  
Why do I have such a bad feeling about this place?
Charley followed Ndiko cautiously out onto F deck.  Gear was strewn about the floor.  Consoles were smashed.  Wiring drooped from slashed ceiling tiles.  There were scorch marks along the far bulkhead.  
Charley was inspecting the plasma power plant casing in the next compartment.  “No juice here.  Dead as dirt.”
“You’ll find the whole ship’s dead,” Kilgorly replied.  “Singularity core, main power, maneuvering, propulsors, collapsers.  At least we do seem to have life support.”
“For the moment,” said Diaz, examining an oxygen bank.  “I’m not sure how long we’ll have that.”
Ndiko peered up the gangway tunnel.  “You’re sure this is Omt’or, Captain?”
“Pretty sure.”
Diaz seemed resigned.  “So, what do we do now?  Are we marooned here?”
Ndiko shook her head.  “One thing I remember from all my years in the Guard: you’ve got to stay busy.  Crews that keep busy don’t have time for panic or any of those other bad things.  Let’s reconnoiter the ship, see what we have, what’s working and can be repaired.  Rey, you start with life support.  The ship’s hull was compromised so I want to know why we even have air aboard now.  Check that out.  Charley and Sandy, come with me.  We’ll inspect this rust bucket from bow to stern.”
The crew set to work.  Rey did extensive troubleshooting of her life support system, and found that somehow, when the crew had abandoned her, the self-repair features of the ship’s AI… ALBERT… had been initiated.  Though her crew had abandoned her, ALBERT had used the ship’s own maintenance bots and nano to patch her hull and re-pressurize the ship.  He checked the hull patches and found them still secure.  
“ALBERT, you did a bang-up job,” he muttered.  To his surprise, the AI answered; the system was still functioning and active.
***All systems off-nominal…effecting repairs per MRO protocol M-9922…voice command ‘REPORTS’ for all archived records…***
This was welcome news and Diaz promptly reported it to Ndiko and Charley.
 One deck after another, Ndiko, Charley and Kilgorly inspected the ship, every system, every console, all the bulkheads and hull fittings.  A through F decks were closely examined and logs made of all needed repairs.  The logs would turn out to be extensive and depressing.
Ndiko gathered the three others in the crews’ mess on B deck and, along with ALBERT, ran down the list.
“We’re just barely functional,” Ndiko said to all of them.  “Even ALBERT can’t work miracles.  Flow vanes out, propulsors mostly shot, power plant dead, singularity core banked…we won’t be able to re-start that without major overhaul…and a new core.”
Charley’s shoulders slumped.  “That means no time jumps.  That means the Coethi band we were chasing got away.”
Ndiko listened to the whole litany of ALBERT’s report.  It was all too depressing.  “For the moment.  At least, we do have some attitude control.  Replicators and fabs seem to be functional, so we have food, medicine and other essentials.”
Rey added, “Wet stores are gone but we have some dry stores.  Plus, the ANAD containment chambers appear to be intact.  We’ve got basic nano and that’s good news.”
“Something else, Captain,” Kilgorly reported.  “I just came from E deck.  Checking out the machine shop, all the engineering stores.  It looks like we have some collapser capacity.  I don’t know what good that will do but there it is.”
Ndiko verified that with ALBERT.
***System is off-nominal…estimating capacity at forty-five percent.  Coils are degraded and will require repair or replacement…chronotron pods offline at this time, will need careful re-alignment and re-energizing…deflector controls not tracking within specified parameters…***
“Okay, okay, ALBERT…I get the picture.  But they might can be repaired.”
“What good does that do us?” Charley asked.
Ndiko had a face that Charley, in her several months of serving with the 0-6 from K-World, had seen before, a face that usually meant something truly crackpot was coming.  You could tell it from her eyes, from the little wrinkles around her eyes and how they converged right at the edge of her eyebrows, little clefts of skin that almost seemed to quiver. 
“Carrie, I’ve seen that face of yours before.”
Kilgorly noticed it too.  “An idea?”
Ndiko went to a nearby fab and dialed up a mug of hot tea.  She sipped it tentatively, inhaling the aroma through a cloud of steam.  “A hunch.  Call it a hunch.  Maybe a daydream even…or gut logic.”  She patted her little midriff paunch with a chuckle.
“We could use our collapsers,” recalled Diaz.  He was picking at a small piece of fruit on his plate.  “What do you think?”
Ndiko said, “Just this.  Think with me.  What happens if you’re floating down a river and someone puts up a dam downstream?”
Charley said, “The water has to go somewhere else.  It flows out of its banks.  It spreads out.”
“True enough.  Now what happens to the water when you add enough locks, canals and dams?  Which way does the water flow?”
Sandy Kilgorly had the first inkling of what Ndiko was driving at.  “If it’s done right, all those canals and locks and dams can cause the water to reverse course.”
“Precisely.  If we can repair your collapsers, I believe we can do the same thing to this time stream.”
Charley shook her head in disbelief.  “Pardon me, but that’s insane.  Reverse the flow of time?  We can use jumpships to jump back and forth in time, but to actually reverse the flow of time itself…I mean, time streams aren’t like rivers.  In Temporal Physics class, we learned that time is more like a big ball of jelly.  Nobody ever mentioned this in Farpool Service.”
“True enough,” said Ndiko, “but that’s because nobody has discovered it yet.  When you’re in a big jam like we are, you have to try things.”
Kilgorly stabbed the air with a finger.  “Didn’t I read about something theoretical like this once?”
Ndiko smiled mischievously.  “You probably did indeed.  Temp Tactics.  Major Beregevoi, from around your time.  The idea was based on his original research.”
Charley snapped a finger.  “I remember that grizzled old Russian bear.  But those were just lab exercises.  What ifs.”
“Precisely.  But remember the premise: use your collapsers to pinch off a time stream at the right point, with enough backup and force, to knock your ship backward in time.  No jumping.  No need for a singularity engine.  Just reverse the time stream by squeezing all the worldlines at the same time, at the same place, and ride the rapids back upstream, earlier in time.”
Charley was skeptical.  She blinked hard.  “I still say that’s insane.  Even if we could do that, what would we gain by it?”
“Just this:  I think we came through an Evans-Klein fissure when we tried to follow the Coethi.”  
Kilgorly said, “But even if we could reverse the time stream, reverse the worldline, wouldn’t that mean eventually following the same worldline all over again?  That doesn’t seem like such a great idea.”
“Maybe not.  All I’m saying is let’s try it…it may be our only chance for rescue.  Call it a modified ‘flytrap’ maneuver.  Repair our collapsers if we can and use them to pinch off this time stream and force Omt’or back up this worldline to a point in time where we have some support.”  She finished her tea and set the cup down on the counter with a thump.  “And kick those bastard Bugs in the teeth the way we should have before.”

Repairing the collapsers took several days and a lot of finagling, coaxing, jerry-rigging and swearing.  One afternoon, buried deep inside the collapser housing on E deck, draped in wire bundles and dust, Charley Meyer saw through an opening that Ndiko’s knees were shaking as she swore and mumbled and grumbled while worrying a balky converger coil into position.  
“Say, Carrie, tell me something.”
Ndiko’s voice came back muted, with strain as she wrestled the gear into place.  “What’s that?”
“I always wondered how someone like you wound up in Time Guard in the first place.  You’re a K-Worlder, aren’t you?”
“Born and bred.”
Charley sat back against a bulkhead, wiped her face with sweaty, greasy hands.  “You said your father was Eric Star-Ndiko?”
“The one.  Knew Oscar Keaton personally.  The two of them did a lot of the initial exploring trips into the Hollows on the Grotto.  That was before my father went into politics.”
“Your mother was famous, too, I seem to recall.”
Now Ndiko stepped back from the coil, turned around and rested herself against the housing.  Dozens of contact leads dangled from patch box.  She fiddled with some of them, wiped her face with a rag.
“If you want to call the creator of scope famous.  Infamous might be better.”
Charley sniffed.  “Well, scope was originally used to help the mind uploaders, condition their brains and neural circuits for the Big Switch.  I’d call that pretty important.”
“Until everybody figured out it was so freakin’ addictive, they didn’t want to stop.”
“So, what got you off K-World and into Time Guard?  You must have done something pretty bad.”
Ndiko smiled faintly, continued wiping her face and eyes.  “It was more what I didn’t do.  When you have two famous parents and some overachieving siblings, you have to get out and make a name for yourself.  Shipped out for Frontier Corps soon as I could, signed on to a freighter crew making the rounds of the Sturdivant system.  I started out a robotics’ mate but after awhile, I was able to work myself up to a better position.”
“And the rest is history, huh?”
Ndiko winced at the memory.  “I don’t know why I’m telling you this.   I did eventually wind up in the crew of a small corvette, the Lalande, where I served for about five terr.  Until—”
Charley snapped a finger.  “The Lalande, of course. You told me about that once. She crashed, didn’t she?  Right into some rockpile asteroid in the Boru system?”
“Hey, it was just a small navigation error.  Nobody could prove anything.  But I got cashiered out of the Corps from that, the ingrates.  It was just an accident.”
“Accidents seem to have a way of following you around.”
Ndiko didn’t take too kindly to that and bent to her contact leads, sorting then out methodically.  “Coincidence, that’s all.  Just statistics.”
“And a few lives lost too.  You went from there to Time Guard?”
Ndiko didn’t answer for a few moments, busily fussing over some balky leads.  Finally: “I left the Corps and wound up trapped in a dead-end job on Sturdivant Eleven, mining camp cook, bot repairmen, I wore a lot of hats.  This was maybe, oh I don’t know…maybe ten terr after the Incident at Hapsh’m, the first real encounter with the Bugs in our time.  Before the Gauntlet.  Yeah, I left Sturdivant Eleven and signed on with the Guard.”  She turned around and looked fiercely at Charley.  “Best move I ever made.”
“Well, you wanted to become famous in your own right.  I’d say you succeeded.  Tell me, Carrie, what really happened at the Gauntlet?  Was it as bad as the vids say?  As bad as Major Dringoth said?”
Ndiko shrugged.  “It was worse, Charley.  A lot worse.  The Bugs must have popped out of voidtime.  I was exec on the Majoris at the time.  Mondez was captain, but he got himself killed early on and I had to take over.  Bugs literally came out of nowhere.  We were enveloped in a main swarm, completely surrounded.  They were chewing away on the hull before anybody could react.”
“You weren’t the only ship there.”
“No Pollux and Andromeda were there too.”  Ndiko closed her eyes, hearing and feeling the battle, as if it were yesterday.  “They both got off some HERF rounds.  Magpulse too, but all it did was make the Bugs mad.  The bastards went after the other ships too so they had to withdraw, but it was too late for us.  Our hull was compromised.  Our weapons were gone.  The core was offline so we couldn’t jump.  Oh, they squeezed us good, Charley.  Real good.  Captain gave the order to abandon ship and we got the hell out of there.”
“Then you were marooned in that time stream?”
Ndiko nodded.  “T-4487.  I’ll never forget it.  Just drifting around in our suits for days on end, just like we did out there.  We had to stay together.  We had to keep our sanity.  It wasn’t pretty, what we had to do.  And we lost a few.”  Ndiko watched her fist clench around some contact leads, almost as if it were a thing with its own mind.  “Most of the crew was eventually saved.  The Guard eventually came looking for us, after the fleet had swept that sector clean of Bugs.”
“They gave you all a Legion of Merit for keeping your crew alive through all that.  That should count for something.”
Ndiko snorted.  “I’d give that back and my right arm for another shot at the Bugs.  We never really had a chance.”
Diaz was uneasy with Ndiko’s tone of voice.  “That’s what this is about, isn’t it?  Another chance.  You wanted to join our crew so you could re-fight the Battle of the Gauntlet, see if you can’t make it turn out differently.”
“Don’t be ridiculous.  I want to get us back up the worldline to where there are ships and people who can rescue us.  Remember, I left my own crew back on that hellhole ocean world of yours and I want to get back to them.”
Kilgorly stood up.  “You know this whole idea of using the collapser is lunacy.  It was just a thought experiment, to think you could pinch off a time stream, roll up the worldlines tight enough to move backward in the stream to something earlier.  You’re going to wind up getting us all killed.”
Ndiko glared at the engineer with scarcely concealed contempt.  “You got a better idea?”
The Aussie did not.

A day later, the jerry-rigged collapsers were pronounced satisfactory.  ALBERT did a post-mortem on the connections and announced that the work Charley and Ndiko had done was within operating specs.
***Converger output is off-nominal but within specifications…however, the emitters are not aligned properly and twist field output cannot be predicted with accuracy greater than sixty-four micro-arcseconds***
The entire crew had assembled on the command deck.  Charley buckled herself into the command chair, surveyed her console.  Diaz sat across at the TT1 console, Kilgorly and Carrie behind.  
“Sixty-four, huh?” Ndiko muttered.  “That’s good enough for the Time Guard inspectors.”
Kilgorly wasn’t convinced.  “If the twist fields are off too much, the worldlines won’t bend.  We’ll wind up being—”
Charley cut him off.  “We get the picture, Sandy.  Just keep your eyes on those instruments.  We’ve got a finicky converger, emitters out of whack and barely enough juice from the power plant to heat a cup of tea.  I’m aware of all the problems.  Just stow all comments and pay attention, especially to the converger.  We get too far out of alignment and we’ll probably wind up in voidtime.”
“Or worse,” muttered Kilgorly.
“Here goes—” Charley said.  “On my mark: five…four…three…two…one…cowabunga!”
Omt’or’s collapser discharged at that moment.
“This is a really bad idea,” Kilgorly muttered to himself.  If there were any hiccups--  
“Collapser on line, Captain,” he called up.  “Green across the board, however I must point out that power is fluctuating outside of operational limits.  There may be oscillator anomalies in the circuit…we should take time to check this out.”
“Not now,” came Charley back.  “Give me what you’ve got.”
Kilgorly pressed SYSTEM ENABLE. 
Now Ndiko fell back on her own training.  Using a temporal collapser was not for the faint of heart.  As Nathan Golich himself once said, “There are about a million things that can go wrong with this stunt.”
Omt’or fired her collapser.  At once, time stream T-668 shuddered like a coiled snake, jerking spasmodically, thrashing about enough to set the ship into a slow roll.  Charley counteracted the force immediately.  Spacetime really didn’t like being snapped like a wet towel.  
Rey Diaz saw the results immediately on his sensor panel.  “Direct hit, Captain!  You did it!  You pinched the time stream approximately two years earlier along the worldline.”
Ndiko sucked in her breath and pursed her lips.  “Now we’ve got to really tug hard, before the worldlines fly apart or rebound.  Give her every joule that power plant has.”
Kilgorly was right in the middle of wringing computations out of ALBERT when something slammed Omt’or hard.  Lights flashed on and off and the command deck went dark, with a faint hiss and burning smell thickening in the cabin, before backup power kicked in.
They were in a spin, increasing in rate and already the crew could feel centrifugal force building up.
“What the hell--!” Charley’s hands swept across her board, re-setting systems, checking busses and breakers, following diagnostic prompts.  ALBERT’s silky voice was barely audible over the warning klaxons of the Master Alarm.
“Displacer impact…I am assuming command per emergency protocol E-1…ship systems at degraded level…time stream interface approaching…contact in twelve seconds…eleven…ten….”
Kilgorly was out cold.  Rey was nursing a slight head injury; the impact of whatever had slammed them had sent him careening into a hull stanchion. 
“Must be a Coethi hit!” Ndiko yelled.  “They’ve got to be close by!” 
Up front, Charley was conscious, barely, gritting her teeth against the centrifugal force.
Got to get Omt’or under control…got to swing her back into the stream…before we hit the barrier wall….
Charley knew a bad situation when she saw it.  The ship had been hit by something—maybe  a Coethi displacer—had they ridden the worldline all the way back to the time of the Battle of the Gauntlet?--and was now adrift and heading toward the outer barrier of the time stream.  If they hit, if they didn’t have good control…
She didn’t want to think about it.   
If it had been a displacer round that had hit them—time jumpers called it a twist loop—Omt’or had likely been thrown a long way in space and time from her last position, to another time and place in the time stream and all their calculations would have been for zip.  They could easily be God knew where inside T-668.  They could easily have been thrown completely out of T-668 to another time stream.  Worse, if Omt’or was near the edge of the time stream…oriented just the wrong way….
Charley heard Carrie Ndiko stirring behind her but she didn’t have time to help her.  She had to get Omt’or under control…NOW…before she made contact with the outer wall of the time stream.
But contact came before she could bring the ship around.
In an instant, they were yanked out of the time stream, spinning, rolling and yawing liked a top. For Charley, the first impulse was like a giant fist had grabbed her and started squeezing.   She was whirling and spinning, dizzy, round and round, she could feel the force of the spin against her head, pressing, crushing her—
She had a fleeting glimpse of one of the crew—maybe it was Sandy, maybe Rey—and she nearly vomited at the sight.  It was all wrong…the image was wrong and her mind refused to accept it—there was Carrie Ndiko with two heads, now three, now four, now eight heads, popping out of her shoulders like geraniums in a fast motion video, Carrie Ndiko with her head missing, distorted in a cracked mirror, and she closed her eyes, couldn’t look at it anymore—
…and then it came.  An image of geometric forms—icosahedrons, polygons, trapezoids—all compressed into a tunnel, a long curving corridor and she found himself hurtling at breakneck speed down this corridor, until—
With a hard bump, her whole body jarred from the impact and when she opened her eyes, caught her breath and came to her senses, she was…where?
Her last surviving thought came unbidden, like bad news from a doctor.
Voidtime.

When she came to, Charley Meyer felt the difference.  It wasn’t the instruments.  The panel was dark, the ship’s sensors detecting nothing, for there was literally nothing to detect outside.  But she could still feel something.  
From somewhere deep in her memory, she heard a voice…was it old man Jellicoe again?  Lecturing on time in that gruff, hoarse voice that reminded Charley of the grunts of cave bears on Shooki…. 
“Listen up, jolts…it’s all thermal…it’s all entropy.  In relativistic physics, no variable plays the role of time.  We can actually reverse the relation between any macroscopic state and time; it’s not the evolution of time that determines a state, it’s the state itself—all that blurring caused by increasing entropy—that determines time….”
Charley shook herself awake and smiled ruefully.  You had to love old man Jellicoe.  She felt more than heard the stirrings of others behind her.
Kilgorly sat up in his seat groggily.  He stared bleary-eyed at his console and said what no one wanted to hear.
“We’re in voidtime.”
Now Carrie Ndiko came to behind them and both heard her suck in some air in surprise.  There were mumbled curses, then, “Captain…I don’t think this is voidtime…I’m checking…looks like we have some damage.”  Ndiko had both engineer and maintenance ratings.  “I’ve got multiple system outages…main bus A and B undervolt…flow vanes offline, rudder gone, power plant at twenty-two percent…and the core…something’s happened to the core—”
Charley stared at her.  “If we’re not in voidtime, where are we?”
Chapter 6

Inside the Coethi swarm
Location: Unknown
Time: Unknown

Carrie Ndiko shook her head in puzzlement.  “ChronoNav’s confused, Skipper.  It’s reading all zeroes…T-000.  It doesn’t know where we are.”
Charley nodded, figuring first things first.  “Okay, secure the jump.  Rey, bring us to all stop.”
While Diaz was powering down the singularity drive and all propulsors, bringing Omt’or to a complete halt and nulling all rates, Charley chanced a glance out the nearest porthole.
There were no galaxies visible and only a few massive stars.  A faint cloudiness lay off to starboard, at the extreme range of visibility, likely a nebula of some type.  She noticed they seemed to be moving in that direction.
Now Rey reported the first problems.  “Charley, propulsor’s offline.  Core is down too.  I don’t have any maneuvering.”
Sandy frowned.  “But it feels like we’re in motion.”
“Yeah,” Charley felt a cold pit in her stomach.  “Toward that thing out there, that cloud or whatever it is.”
“I think we may be precisely where we don’t want to be,” said Carrie Ndiko.  She glanced out a porthole and saw the same thing.  “I think we’re inside the Coethi formation.  And that looks like some kind of rift out there.”
“A rift?”
“Temporal rift.  Like Newton’s Jaw in my time.  A place of contending time streams and instabilities, like a chronometric lens.”
Charley shook her head.  “I don’t understand.  You’re sure this isn’t voidtime?”
Carrie said, “Remember what we know about the Bugs.  They have quantum displacement ability.  I think we got scooped up into that formation and sent off to who knows where.  ChronoNav is all messed up.  It’s showing worldlines converging at impossible angles.  Entanglement states that can’t exist.  There’s even a very faint decoherence wake signature.”
Charley looked puzzled.  “Deco wake?  Another ship?”
“Not necessarily.  If I’m right, it’s more like an ancient memory trace.  I can explain.”
“Hold that thought,” Charley decided.  “Rey, you’ve got no maneuvering at all?”
“None.”
Charley said, “If Carrie’s right and we’re inside the Coethi formation, wouldn’t that mean we should be crawling with bots all over our hull?  Maybe we should be breaking out the hypersuits…getting ready to abandon ship.”
“And go where?” Rey said.  
Carrie said, “Captain…Charley…I think we’re caught in some kind of flow…almost like peristaltic motion…and it’s pulling us toward that rift.  For now, it’s best to stay with the ship.”
Charley wasn’t convinced but relented.  “You said this signal was more like an ancient memory trace—”
Ndiko nodded.  “For a long time, Time Guard has been researching ideas and intelligence sources, trying to determine how the Coethi came to be.”
“I thought the prevailing wisdom was that the Bugs came from some no-longer-existing world deeper in the Galaxy.”
“It was…and is.  But multiple intel sources point to an origin on old Urth.  A Chinese origin.”
Charley blinked.  “I’m sure you can explain.”
“I can do better than that.”  Ndiko fiddled with her wristpad.  “I think I have it here…some archival vid footage of an interview done a long time ago…ah, here it is—” She pecked at some keys and a 3-D bubble formed in mid-air on the command deck, a bit grainy but with enough resolution to be visible.  “Time Guard had sent a research ship back in time, an extreme jump, to the earliest epochs of the Universe, a few million years after the Big Bang---they had some unwelcome visitors on board too.  Believe it or not, the expedition was aboard Cygnus skippered by Monthan Dringoth himself, with some of the same crew as 1st Time Displacement Battery….”

Time Guard Archives TG-101227…PLAY…PAUSE…DELETE…FORWARD

Ndiko pressed PLAY.

The Chinese engineer Qi interjected, “In our time, there was a project.  It was called the Thousand Flowers Project.”
Acth:On’e was hurriedly scrolling through an historical database in his helmet.  No hits.  “Never heard of it.”
Qi nodded.  “Most top secret. Thousand Flowers had a mission: to remotely seed another planet…51 Pegasi B…with nanobotic swarms, like the Chongzi here, to build out infrastructure prior to humans…Chinese explorers…landing there.”
“What happened?” Dringoth asked.
“In our period, we had learned enough temporal physics to attempt limited travel in time.  The seedship was launched from our Tian Jia base on the Moon, driven by a temporal engine, like our ship here.”  Here, Chou looked a little embarrassed.  “But we lost the ship, we lost contact.  Our normal rockets could not have gotten to 51 Pegasi in less than a hundred and fifty years.  This way—if it had worked—would have taken a few weeks.  And if the seedship could be sent successfully through time in this way, then future explorers could also make this trip.  Beijing wanted this possibility.”
“You never regained contact with your ship? Dringoth asked.
Chou looked even more embarrassed, lowering his head.  “In our travels aboard Hanzhong, through many time streams and worldlines, we hear of an adversary called Coethi.  You also call them Bugs, the Old Ones.  Our scientists at the Beijing Institute believe the seedship engines malfunctioned.  They have a theory…that the ship mistakenly crossed many time streams and was somehow catapulted deeper into space…up to sixty-thousand light years away and back into past time, other worldlines.  Their theory is that our ship survived…and landed on a world this far away.  Our tiny warriors, our Chongzi, survived.  They grew, they evolved, over millions of years.  They expanded and eventually acquired sentience and great intelligence.  Then they left their homeworld and—”
Acth:On’e completed the thought.  “—and became the Coethi.  Captain, it makes sense.  The Chinese project, this Thousand Flowers project, seeded the bot swarms that became the Coethi.  Think of it…the Bugs were originally created by Umans.”
There was silence for a few moments, as all considered what Acth:On’e had just surmised.  
Dringoth felt the hair on the back of his neck stand up.  “Queenie, what do your sensors show now?” 
M’Bela complied, studying her scans.  “Sensors showing nothing at all, Captain.  EMs, thermal, radar, no point sources.  Just this diffuse glow, like we’re in a fog.”
URME spoke up from his station, the Temporal Fire Director console.  “I’m seeing something, Captain.  Quantum effects.  It’s very slight and I’m trying to narrow it down.”
Dringoth was instantly alert.  “What is it, URME?”
“Quantum wake, sir…possible decoherence wake disturbance.  Just popped up.”
Golich snapped his fingers.  “Hundred to one, that’s our target.  But we don’t know what the Chinese seedship signature is like.”
Dringoth left his seat, and went aft to see for himself.  “Show me.”
URME manipulated the display and an amorphous blob centered on his scope, very faint, first there, then not there.   “Could be nothing, sir.  It’s just very faint.  Possibly some kind of singularity drive, pulsing to maneuver around.”
M’Bela said, “The plasma may be distorting the returns.”
Dringoth told Golich.  “Steer toward that source.  Half propulsor.  It’s all we’ve got to go on.”  
Dringoth then turned to face the Chinese.  “I want to know about the singularity drive of your seedship.  We don’t really know where we are now, or when we are.  That ship must have some kind of signature.  Tell me how it works.  What should we be looking for?”
Chou and Qi looked at each other uneasily.  Chou offered, “We are not engineers, Captain.  Just archaeologists.  We were sent to study the first Coethi appearance on Urth, that’s all.”
“You must have some kind of information on what to look for.”
Chou started to answer, started to reach into his pocket, but Qi grabbed his hand and stopped him.
Qi was firm.  “Our orders from Beijing are clear.  We share nothing.  Details on the huayuan chuang—what you call the garden ship—are top secret, classified by order of the State Council.  We can’t—”
Golich swung Qi around by the shoulders and got right in his face.  “Look…Captain asked you a direct question.  We have to find that ship.  You people made a mistake.  Your ship went off course, crashed somewhere, planted the seeds that became the Coethi.  This whole friggin’ conflict is your fault.  What say we just pop you two into hypersuits and shove you out the airlock—”
Dringoth held up his hand, aware that Golich was trying to play bad cop to his good cop.  “We have a chance, if we knew what to look for, to stop what you did.  To fix your mistake.  Don’t you think your State Council would reward you for something like that?  You could even be state heroes.”
Chou and Qi muttered to each other in Chinese.  Qi was opposed.  Chou was more understanding.  Finally, even as Qi resisted, Chou withdrew a small data tab from his pocket.
“The details are here.  Details on the garden ship…how it was built, how it operated, its systems and instruments, its course, all the telemetry…until we lost it.”
Before he could change his mind, Golich snatched the tab.  He gave it to M’Bela.  “Run this, Queenie.  See what we can make of this.”
M’Bela lay the tab on top of ISAAC’s readport.  Moments later, her displays were crammed with all kinds of data and instructions, construction diagrams, command sequences, signal characteristics, comm protocols, and instrument setups.  She studied the pages and pages for awhile.
“Anything?” Dringoth asked.  
M’Bela queried ISAAC.  “Show telemetry signal waveforms.  Show singularity drive state vectors, entanglement protocols.”  To the others, she added, “I want to know what sort of decoherence wakes their drive produces.  When any quantum system’s wave function collapses, it generates a wake or a signal.  Every system’s unique.  If I knew the Chinese system’s deco wake output characteristics, ISAAC could tune our sensors to look for that.”
“Stay on it,” Dringoth ordered.  He waved Chou and Qi over.  “You two…help her look.”
Half an hour later, after some false starts, M’Bela’s head popped up.  “I think we have something, Skipper.  Here’s the garden ship’s drive schematics.”  She pointed to a complex table of data, which ISAAC had rendered into 3-d for better viewing.  “This looks like a table of entanglement state vectors.  Can you translate?”
While Qi looked on with a sour expression, ultimately closing his eyes, muttering silently to himself, Chou translated.  M’Bela’s guess had been spot on.
“I think, with ISAAC, we can adapt our sensors to look for these kinds of entanglement state transitions.  It’ll take a while.”
Dringoth said, “Get to it.  The rest of us will check Cygnus from bow to stern, make sure every system’s ready.  Weapons too.”

Two hours later, M’Bela announced she was done.  
“All-sector scan produced this,” she showed Dringoth and Golich on her console.  The ‘waterfall’ display showed a squiggly line with several spikes, just barely above background noise.  “There’s an awful lot of spacetime snapping and flexing out there, as the Universe expands and cools down.  At least, that’s what URME says.  But these spikes are definitely deco wake signatures.  That could be our target…the Chinese ship leaving a trail of bread crumbs across multiple time streams.”
Dringoth studied the display, massaging his moustache, which twitched like a thing alive. “Can you give me a heading?”
M’Bela shook her head, her bone necklace clinking.  “Not really, sir.  It’s really too faint.  My recommendation is we stay on our current heading and let’s see what happens to the signal.”
“Same worldline?”
“Again, sir, the signal’s barely above background noise.  Too faint to say for sure.  But we may have to make multiple jumps.”
“So be it.” He turned to Golich.  “Commander, get Cygnus underway.  Maintain heading, speed and this worldline.  Queenie’s signal will guide us.”
Moments later, the ship’s propulsors spun up and the hull shuddered as she began moving out, following the faintest wisp of a deco wake across the glowing fog that filled all space around them.

Later that same day, after Dringoth had already retired, only M’Bela, Golich and Chou were on the command deck.  Golich was at his secondary console, reading something.  Chou occupied himself with some kind of 3-d game in mid-air, projected from his wristpad.  M’Bela had taken no breaks and her eyelids were heavy.  She kept nodding off, only to jerk herself awake.  She had been just resting her eyes when an insistent chirp from ISAAC prodded her half-awake.
She blinked, rubbed her eyes and saw that ISAAC had boresighted the ship’s sensor array on a stronger signal, now spiking well above ambient noise.  She sat up straight.
“Hello.”  She worked with ISAAC to zero the track in the middle of varying offsets, then amplified the signal as best she could.  There.  It was staring her right in the face.  No doubt about it.  
A strong decoherence wake signal.  The strongest yet. 
“Commander, take a look at this.”
Golich groaned, stretched and climbed out of his seat.  He came back to see for himself. “Well, well, looks like we finally have company.  Are you sure you’re tuned right?”
“ISAAC adjusted everything to focus and amplify the exact signature of the Chinese ship.  This is straight from their own information.”  Standing nearby, Chou had seen the signal too.  
“I must concur.  Your sensor reading closely resembles the entanglement state output of huayyuan chuang, her drive system.  This must be it.”
Golich went back to his seat.  “Give me a heading.”
M’Bela ported the recommended heading to the secondary console and Golich immediately began steering Cygnus onto that course.  When he was satisfied with the maneuver, and M’Bela confirmed that the signal was still detectable, he woke Dringoth.  
“On my way,” came a groggy voice.  Moments later, the Captain dragged himself onto the deck.

For most of the next two days, Cygnus followed the faint but steadily growing deco wake signal.  Twice, Dringoth ordered small time jumps, each time holding his breath they had made the right move and could reacquire the signal.  Both times, M’Bela was able to regain the deco wake trail, and each time, they were all heartened upon seeing the signal grow steadily in strength.
“We’re definitely on the right course,” Golich decided.  He had called up a display of nearby stars and other unnamed phenomena on his screen.  Dringoth looked on.  “It sure looks like we’re heading for that star there, the big reddish one.  We may already be in its gravity field.”
Chou studied the display, consulted something on his wristpad.  “By this time, our Tian Ja tracking base had already lost contact with huayuan chuang.  The ship was supposed to have been targeted for 51 Pegasi B, a planet in that system.  But her drive seems to have malfunctioned and sent her well off course.”
“Maybe that drive malfunction is what we’re detecting,” M’Bela suggested.  “Right now, whatever it is, our target’s putting out deco wakes like there’s no tomorrow.”
Dringoth made a decision.  “This has to be our baby.  Stay on this heading and let’s recon that star, see if she has any planets in orbit--”

Time Guard Archives TG-101227…PAUSED

Rey Diaz interrupted the vid and Ndiko paused it.
“Charley, Omt’or’s approaching that rift.  I have no control, no maneuvering whatsoever.”
Charley looked out the porthole.  Her eyes caught Ndiko’s.  “Looks like we’re in for one hell of a ride.  Everybody get strapped in.  Rey, try to hold us steady best way you can.”
“I’m cycling the vanes and rudder…not sure how much effect it’s having.”
Sandy Kilgorly saw a brilliant light looming larger and larger in his porthole.  “Here we go, mates--!”
The flash and the spinning lasted only a few moments, Charley thought.  Or it could have been days.  She couldn’t tell.  
I must have passed out, she told herself.  When she came to, the ship was in a slow roll, with what looked like the same reddish star they had seen on Carrie’s archival vid footage careening outside their portholes.  
“Rey!  Rey Diaz, attention!” she barked.
Diaz shook his head and came quickly awake.  “What…I didn’t—”
“Rey, see if you’ve got any control now.”
Diaz felt his joysticks, felt the welcome push of feedback and replied, “I do!  I do!  I’ve got…looks like vanes and rudders.”
Sandy Kilgorly, sitting at the rear of the command deck, added, “Propulsors now online, Skipper.  I think the core’s re-booting itself…but I don’t know how—”
“Save it for later.   Rey, can you make some kind of decent approach to that red star out there.  I’d rather not crash right into it.”
Rey saw the problem.  “Sure.  No problem.  I think I can adjust our approach….”

The star had no name or catalog number, not surprising for an object born only a few billion years after the Big Bang.  Charts and catalogs were useless in this time stream, on this worldline.  
After much debate, the crew gave the star the name of Tonatiuh.  The Aztec sun god.
With careful tracking and long-range scans, Carrie finally determined that the Chinese ship, their deco wake target from the vid, had once made landfall on a planet orbiting Tonatiuh, the third of four planets, with an arrangement of moons and satellites and assorted debris left over from the birth of the system.
“Approach that world on a tangent,” she recommended. “Circular surveillance orbit at twenty-five radii.  That’s Time Guard standard procedure.”
Rey offered a name for the cloudy world: Horus.  “Horus was the son of Egyptian gods Osiris and Isis,” he explained.  Nobody had a better idea for a name.
“Could this be the actual Coethi homeworld?”  Sandy wondered.  
“I don’t know,” Charley said, as she watched the mottled and banded cloudscape of Horus approach on their displays.  “But I don’t like the looks of that star.  Carrie, what’s ALBERT say about Tonatiuh?”
Ndiko had already slaved Omt’or’s short-range array to scan the star.  “ALBERT just completed a spectral analysis.  We’re looking at a Class M red supergiant, with strong absorption lines at titanium oxide.  M4 or M5 class. She’s a bit unstable, too, from what ALBERT’s telling me.  She seems to be running out of fuel and she’s big enough to go supernova, given time.  Hard to say when, though.”
Charley felt the hairs on the back of her neck stand up.  “I don’t know where we are…are we still inside the Coethi formation?  I’m keeping us on alert to make a quick jump if we have to.”
“Good idea.”  Rey then realized something.  “Carrie, didn’t that vid tell us that Coethi history talked of a time when the swarm went off into space, a kind of interstellar diaspora?  Their native sun went supernova.  Maybe this is that place.”
Charley gave that some thought.  “Anything on Horus, Carrie?  Put your sensors on that world.”
“Mostly dry land.  Some vegetation cover, though I’ve never seen spectral lines like that.  There is one fairly large body of water, likely a small sea.”
“Are we setting down there?” Rey asked.  
“Omt’or seems capable,” Sandy told them.  “But I’d advise a full-up systems check first.”
Charley interjected, “I’m not setting down until we know what we’re getting into.”
The jumpship made several surveillance orbits of the cloudy world.  Carrie could detect no obvious threats or obstacles.  
“It’s mostly flat on the land side,” she advised them.  “Just all that vegetation cover. It’s the weirdest signature I’ve ever seen…I can’t tell if it’s grass, trees, bushes, all three or something else.”
After some hesitation, and with Ndiko’s assurance that the deco wakes continued to emanate strongly from a point source on the surface, Charley gave the order.
“Set her down.  And keep us ready to jump out of here quick if we have to.”

Rey counted down the last moments to the initial burn that would start Omt’or on her long curving descent to the surface of Horus.  The limb of the cloudy, calico-colored world could barely be seen through the portholes, dim and shadowy, mottled with bands of magenta and ocher.  
“Ten seconds to PDI,” Rey announced.  He checked over his console: track, engine status, attitude…everything seemed ready.  “Get ready for a major kick in the ass—“
The burn, when it came, made Omt’or shake and shudder like a wet dog.  Carrie Ndiko felt the acceleration build up rapidly.  After days of microgravity, the ship’s descent felt like a Keatonian mammoth had planted its posterior right on her chest.  She forced a sideways glance at Sandy Kilgorly, occupying the next seat.
The Aussie was exhaling out in quick, forced breaths, as they had been trained.  He met Ndiko’s eyes and grunted back.
“Hey, mate…remind me to…put in…for a…transfer…when we get back….”
Charley and Rey watched the trajectory plot on the board carefully as Omt’or began her initial pitch-over and slowed noticeably.  The plot showed several lines, indicating nominal and actual course, all converging on an actual window in space, the entry point called High Gate,  where the jumpship would begin firing her descent engines continuously, maneuvering and navigating across Horus’ mangled and striated cloudscapes as they fell toward ALBERT’s projected LZ.  
The descent and landing took half an hour.
“Touchdown…good job, Skipper,” said Rey.  Omt’or settled with a bump onto a mostly level plain pocked with rolling hills and waving fields of ‘grass.’  More hills surrounded them.  “Right in the crosshairs.”
For a few moments, Charley just stared blankly at the instrument panel, saying nothing.  Rey noticed it and sucked in his breath, remembering what ALBERT had told him just two days ago about Charley’s condition…
“The nature of Voidtime Syndrome is progressive deterioration of a sufferer’s hippocampal and amygdala synaptic links, particularly in the medial-temporal lobe, interfering with most forms of memory formation and retention.  There are hundreds of studies and papers…”  
Rey knew that ALBERT had read many papers, scanned most and decided that they all said the same thing in different ways: ‘we don’t know why voidtime affects these centers…the mechanism is poorly understood.”  True, medbots could be and often were deployed to slow down the syndrome, re-build shattered links.  But long term, the result was the same.  
Her condition was getting noticeably worse.  A subtle touch on her arm seemed to bring Charley back to the here and now. 
“Okay, boys and girls, let’s get moving,” Charley shook her head, unstrapped herself and headed for the lockout in the aft compartment.  
The surface of Horus was covered with the oddest vegetation layer any of them had ever seen.  
“Uh, Captain.”  It was Ndiko.  “there’s something odd about that vegetation.”
Though the air was breathable, for safety’s sake, Charley ordered her crew to don hypersuits.  “We’ll exit and use suit boost to gain some altitude, then recon the area and see what this place is about.  Remember ALBERT told us the Coethi have some kind of central entity that controls the formation.  That’s who or what we’re looking for.”
“And the bugger goes by the name of ‘Configuration Zero’,” added Sandy.  “Bloody hell.”
One after another, Charley, Carrie, Sandy and Rey left the ship.  The quartet formed up into a small formation and lifted skyward as one, eventually gaining nearly a thousand meters altitude.   
Carrie Ndiko peered down from their cruising altitude and tried to see anything other than ‘vegetation.’  “It looks like images I’ve seen of Dakota prairie country on Urth.”
The air was hazy—“it’s not fog, it’s bots,” Sandy told them as they flew on the heading of the strongest signal.  Ndiko’s decoherence wake detector gave them the heading of a distant but powerful source of quantum state disturbances, whether the possible Chinese seedship or something else, no one knew.
The land was gently rolling, covered in bots that resembled long-stalk grasses waving in stiff breezes.  The horizon was an indistinct blur, melding imperceptibly both sky and ground.  Surrounding them on all sides, puffs of ‘clouds’ drifted across their view, again clusters of bots, according to Sandy.  Ndiko’s instruments confirmed that.
“Big time atom grabbing going on inside those clouds.  Let’s steer clear.”
“Jeez,” muttered Rey, “the whole damn place is nothing but bots.”
“Yeah, said Charley, “if ALBERT’s right, thanks to the Chinese.”
“I don’t trust them,” Sandy said as the squad made a slight heading shift to stay on Ndiko’s signal. “It looks like they’ve been dealing with Bugs for some time now.”
“That Doctor Qi is the one I don’t trust,” Rey told them.  “I’m sure ALBERT is right.  This Thousand Flowers project was probably supposed to seed new worlds in the 51 Pegasi system—I remember reading about that in History.”
Sandy had a thought.  “Didn’t we also read that the Chinese were the first to develop wormholes for practical use…sometime about 2316 or 2317 CE, I seem to recall, in the old timekeeping system.  Way after our time.”
“I remember that too.  Maybe that’s how they came into contact with the Bugs, through that wormhole.  And they covered it up.”
As the squad cruised on suit boost in loose formation through hazy skies over the undulating terrain below, Ndiko watched her deco wake detector carefully.  A large spike in the signal got her attention.
“Uh, guys, looks like something big dead ahead, maybe several kilometers.”
Rey squinted in the diffuse sunlight.  A large bank of clouds hovered at the extreme limit of visibility, covering most of the horizon.
“Is it those clouds?”
Ndiko said, “Seems to be.  I don’t get any other source nearby as strong as that one.”
Charley made a decision.  “Okay, time jumpers.  Close on those clouds ahead.  And make sure your weapons are charged and ready.  I want to try to deal amicably with these Bugs, but if they won’t listen—"
The approach took several minutes.  As they neared the cloud bank, flashes of light zipped from one level to another.  
“Maybe a thunderstorm,” offered Sandy.
Ndiko said, “I don’t think so.  My detector’s going off scale high.  Whatever it is, it’s putting out entanglement waves and decoherence like crazy.”
Charley didn’t like their tactical position.  “It may be that Configuration Zero, or part of him.  Hell, it may be that Chinese seedship, for all I know.  Spread out.  Let’s bring crossfire to bear from as many directions as we can, if we have to fight.  But remember we came here to negotiate, if we can.”
At Charley’s command, the time jumpers separated and approached the cloud bank along different vectors. When Charley judged them close enough, she gave the order.
“Okay, jumpers, let’s let ‘em know we’re here.  Light ‘em up!”
Synchronized as one, the squad let fly a volley of high-energy radio frequency and magnetic pulse discharges.  Pouring fire into the cloud bank, sweeping back and forth as best they could, the jumpers ducked and dove and swooped as they lit up the cloud with fire.
For nearly a minute, there was no discernible effect.  Light flashes continued to discharge across the face and inside the cloud, and, for a brief moment, Charley had the impression she was looking at something like a brain, with neural signals tracing back and forth.  But even as she watched, the lights and flickers sped up in frequency and became more intense, blindingly bright, until the squad had to halt their advance and move back.
“Keep firing!” she ordered.  “We’re getting their attention.”
“We’re doing something, Captain,” Ndiko noted, catching brief glances at her detector.  The quantum disturbance was growing and spreading, enveloping the entire structure and the front face of the cloud had begun to shift, to blur, to waver as if underwater.  “Watch out, it may be trying to displace us!”
Before they realized what was happening, the cloud bank had begun to disperse, whether from HERF fire or not, they couldn’t tell. 
“It’s trying to swallow us!” Sandy yelled.  Immediately, he shifted position and dialed up his suit boost to back out, but it was too late.   
The cloud bank seethed and billowed outward and soon surrounded them on all sides.  Charley ordered all to cease fire.
“Fall back!  Fall back now…let’s get the hell out of here!”
Each time jumper had the same predicament.  In seconds, the enormous cloud bank had broken up into smaller formations, which herded the squad, one by one, into a smaller and smaller space, funneling them toward a gap in the center of the main bank.
“We can punch through it!”  Sandy shouted.  “Set your suit boost to max and tuck your arms and legs!  I know we can punch through it!”
But Charley wasn’t so sure.  Her head was pounding like a hammer on an anvil.  “Belay that!  Stay together.  Carrie—”
Ndiko shook her detector but the readings were still the same.  “I can’t…this is crazy, this is insane.  Never seen anything like this…thermals and electromagnetics off my scale.  This mother’s crunching spacetime like a cracker crumbling.  Captain’s right…keep your distance—”
“But it keeps closing in, pushing us into a smaller space,” Sandy said.
Charley had already realized that.  “Shepherds and sheep, that’s what this is.  And we’re the sheep.  Just hang tight.  Don’t approach the cloud, don’t let it touch you.  Keep your boost up enough to stay airborne.  And ceasefire.”
Bit by bit, the massive cloud had completely enveloped the squad, surrounding them on all sides, making escape impossible.  Now the whole formation seemed to be slowly, almost majestically, changing course.  
“The wind must have changed,” said Sandy, studying the terrain below, what he could see of it.  “Isn’t that some kind of ocean out there?”
And indeed, the entire formation, with the squad of time jumpers inside, had shifted course and was heading out over an open sea.  Rey looked down, noting white caps and rough surf conditions below.  Must be a hell of wind down there.  It was like being caught up in a hurricane.
The formation contracted further and it seemed as if they were encased, almost like a cocoon, in some kind of filmy, gauzy bubble.  Even as they were slowly and relentlessly imprisoned, they noticed a faint but definite flicker of light high above them, as if the entire sky had blinked and blinked again.
“What the hell was that?” Ndiko wondered out loud.
“Tonatiuh,” Sandy realized.  “The sun.  It’s beginning to contract and the photosphere’s shifting to different wavelengths.  It’s starting to collapse.”
“Super,” said Rey.  “That’s just swell.  Remind me to tender my resignation if we ever get back home.”
After a few minutes’ cruise across a seemingly endless whitecapped sea, Ndiko had an idea.
“This may just be some kind of vast simulation.”
“How do you figure that?” Rey asked.
The four of them were caught in a bubble they dared not touch, corralled and swept onward by stiff winds aloft, carried as it were in the womb of a massive cloud bank that wasn’t a cloud bank, but instead a super swarm of vast dimensions.  
“Remember your History from the Academy.  In my day, Time Guard Intelligence occasionally sent T2 officers to talk with the jolts on the latest intel.”
“Yeah, so what?  I think I nodded off at the assembly,” Charley said.
“So the Intel guy mentioned they had intelligence—somehow a signal was intercepted that they later figured was part of the Coethi archives. That’s how we learned about the sun of their original homeworld going supernova.”
Rey said, “How does that help our situation?  We’re still caught like flies here.”
“Captain, this whole swarm may be an historical re-creation of the original cosmic singularity, the original Big Bang.  Maybe it’s telling us something about the Coethi, about their history.  Or their plans.”
Rey was unimpressed with the analysis.  “Maybe so, but if we don’t get out of here and soon, we’re all going to be just so much atom fluff ourselves.”
Hey—” it was Ndiko, “is that some kind of island up ahead?”
“And we’re descending,” Sandy added.
Indeed, they were.  The cloud bank swarm angled down toward a small rocky horseshoe-shaped atoll, shrouded in the ever-present fog, carrying its unwilling guests down as well.  The swarm descended toward a windswept beach along one arm of the horseshoe and settled onto the sand, the bubble eventually thinning around them and finally collapsing completely.
Sandy watched the swarm lift away like sun burning off a fog and wondered.  “It brought us here to this island.  Why, I wonder?”
“Maybe we can boost our way back to the ship,” Charley thought.  “My fuel cell’s low though.”  She winced as a sharp pain knifed through her skull and shook it off.  Her legs wobbled and she felt dizzy.
“I don’t think we’re going anywhere,” Rey said.  He pointed upward.  “That swarm’s still up there, completely surrounding this little spit of land.  Like a barrier.”
“So we’re marooned,” decided Sandy.  “Just what I signed up for.”
A steady flicker strobed above them, visible even through the thick bank of the swarm.  
“It’s getting brighter,” Rey squinted up at the star they had named Tonatiuh, dialing down the filter of his hypersuit helmet.  “That star’s not going to be around much longer.  It may already be in the first stages of collapse.”
They all noticed immediately when Charley suddenly dropped to a knee, still in her hypersuit and keeled over onto her side.
“Charley!  Charley, what is it?”
Rey was the first one there.  He looked up at the others.  “Can I take her helmet off?  Is the air okay?”
Sandy did a quick check with his instrument suite.  “Close enough.  A little high on oxygen, but breathable.”
Rey had Charley’s helmet off in seconds, unlatching the quick disconnect and peeling the neck dam back.  
Right away, he saw the problem.  Her head was enveloped in a small, very faint swarm, like a horde of tiny flies, buzzing about her face and neck.
“Get back!  Everybody, get back!”
“She must have had a leak somewhere,” Sandy said.  “Is she—is she--?”
Charley was unresponsive.  “They’ve penetrated,” Rey said.  “The bastards are inside her skull.  Carrie, didn’t you bring a few URME bots…we could—”
“I think we’ve got a bigger problem,” Sandy said.  Something in his tone of voice caught Rey’s attention.  He looked up, followed Sandy’s pointing fingers.
An elaborately painted outrigger canoe was visible, bobbing up and down through heavy surf, approaching the little island.  Several men manned the canoe, all dressed in colorful headdresses with extensive paint and networks of tattoos along their chests, arms and legs.  All of them bore spears with dozens of feathered arrows stuffed into pouches on their backs.  
The canoe beached and her crew dragged the outrigger up onto dry sand.  One man, a chieftain of some type judging by his elaborate bone and feather headdress, strolled forward, climbing up the dunes. He came to a halt on a stand of seagrass at the top.  He seemed to be nearly three meters tall.   
Rey whispered to Sandy.  “This may be Configuration Zero.”
Sandy was skeptical.  “It’s not real.  Look at the edge effects…see how his hands and face are blurry.  It’s still forming.”
Rey stood up to face the chieftain, aiming his HERF carbine.  Carrie, you do have some of URME with you, don’t you?”
“Yes, but just a few bots.  The master’s back at the ship.”  She felt the reassuring heft of the containment capsule on her web belt.  “I can launch, but I’d have to do direct piloting.  I’m not sure what we’re dealing with here.”
Just then, they all heard a low moan escape Charley’s lips.  She shuddered and a slight tremor seem to course through her body, though it was hard to tell through the hypersuit.  Sandy bent down and brushed back her sweat-stained hair.  “We need to get her back to the ship right away.”
Rey took a step closer.
Now the chieftain rose up to his full nearly three-meter height.  >>Why have you come here?   Rule 225635 violation.  Single-swarm entities may not enter the Sanctuary>>
 “Uh…who…who exactly are you?  What are you?”
>>Interference with directives of the Central Entity and the Prime Key is not tolerated…swarms detached must follow these directives at all times.  Configuration Zero will return control of detached swarms to main program….>>
That didn’t sound good.  “Maybe we triggered some kind of alarm.”
Ndiko shuddered.  She mumbled something.  Rey bent to hear better.
“What is it, Carrie?  What are you trying to say?”
“Chukwu….”
The chieftain—the swarm entity dressed like a tribal leader—changed voices.  There were scratches, chirps, strangling sounds, then:
“Call me…Chukwu…the Great Spirit.”  The chieftain jammed his ornate spear deep into the beach sand.  “The words are written…you will fail in your mission.  It is the destiny of the People to leave their home—this home—” Chukwu spread his arms wide, encompassing the island, the sky and the sea—“and disperse into the lands beyond.”
Charley continued to shudder and writhe.  Finally, Rey raised her up and tried to hug her to be still.
Sandy decided to try talking directly with this thing.  “Our mission is self-defense.  Your ‘People” are fighting my people.  They’re trying to destroy our worlds, our whole civilization.  We came, from another time, to stop this.”
Different looks played out across Chukwu’s face, by turns anger, contempt, pity and determination, as if the entity were trying on different faces and trying to match one to the circumstances.
Rey saw it too.  “Sandy, it’s trying to match words and faces, like comparing different files.”
Finally, Chukwu’s face settled into a swarm approximation of bland curiosity.
“You must become one with the People.  The Imperative demands this.  The Prime Key orders this state to be accomplished.  From the time of Okike, great forces, great Alusi and the spirits of Mmuo have made the world, our Uwa.  This is the Prime Key.  The Planter requires that his crops grow and be nurtured.”
Rey was startled at the reference to a ‘planter.’  “Did you hear that?  It’s talking about a ‘planter.’”
Sandy nodded.  “The Chinese seedship.  This bastard came or evolved or mutated from that Chinese ship.”
Rey tried remembering what ALBERT’s archives had called their ship.  “Did you come as huayuan chuang?”
The words had an immediate effect on the swarm.  Its face froze like a mask.  A flickering wave traveled down from its ‘head’ to its ‘feet,’ almost like a strobe effect.  More waves followed.
“It’s thinking,” Sandy decided.  “It’s comparing files.”
The swarm that looked like an African prince then said in a stuttering voice: “Shiqui de yongyuan zhao bu dao…ERROR!...language module fault…kkqqllhhgsthih… ERROR!...language module fault…(parsing) ‘that which is lost can never be found…until it is discovered….’”
Finally, the swarm re-gathered itself and Chukwu said, “Zhongzhi zhe…I am the Planter.  But you will call me—” More waves and flickers, some visible blurring “—Chukwu—”
Ndiko said, “Wow…that is seriously weird.”
Sandy said, “Maybe we could somehow command this thing in its original Chinese language.”  
Ndiko shook her head.  “I know what this is.  It’s all Igbo stuff.  I think it’s coming from me.”
Rey had wondered the same thing.  “Somehow, we’ve all been swarmed by this bugger.  They must be reading some part of your memory and sending it to that Chukwu or whatever his name is.”
Sandy agreed.  “Fascinating.  He or it is concocting his look and words from Carrie’s thoughts.  Her neural signals.”
“Your family came from Igbo ancestors, didn’t they?” Rey asked.
Ndiko nodded.  “Very proud ancestors.  “My family’s Igbo, from Cameroon, Old Urth.  My father often read me stories of the great warrior princes and princesses of our ancient Igbo forebears.  He told me I was a direct descendant of Dzugudini, the Rain Queen of Lovedu and that I had great, even magical powers.”
Rey watched the swarm with growing apprehension.  “That’s great but how does that help us?  We need to get you and Charley back to the ship, back to ALBERT, so he can roust those bots out of our thick skulls.”
Ndiko winced, clearly in some kind of pain.  “I can manage it.  And I have an idea, something Igbo that might help us.”
“I’m all ears.”
“I think I can talk Igbo to this thing.  I can tell it I’m a great female Urth force.  Maybe I can confuse the swarm and distract it enough for you to take some shots.  We’ve all got weapons here.  It’s worth a try.”
Rey, nominally second in command, was reluctant, feeling their tactical options were extremely limited.  But her idea might just work.
“It’s against my better judgment.  My tactical sense tells me we’re outmanned and outgunned here.  We’d be better off boosting out of here, if we can, and fighting another day.”  Rey took a deep breath, sensing this was their best chance.  “Okay, Carrie, give it a try.  What do you want us to do?”
“Hold me up,” she said, a bit hoarsely.  With Sandy’s help, Rey helped get Ndiko upright, a little unsteadily.  “Let me get my feet under me.”  She wobbled forward a bit, kicking and slipping and sliding in loose sand, but managed to stay vertical.  She brusquely shoved away all the helping hands and stood as erect as she could, pretending she was still a newly minted jolt on the Academy parade grounds and it was Commandstar she was facing.  Out of the corner of her mouth, she whispered to the others behind her, “When I give the word, open fire.  Light him up.”
“Got it,” Rey muttered.  His own fingers tightened on the grip of his magpulser.  Sandy did the same.
Ndiko confronted Chukwu.  “I am the earth force Ala.  You know this, Chukwu.  I say what is true and plain to see. I am the female alusi, the god of morality, fertility and creativity.  See me and understand this.”
At this, the swarm entity that had called itself Configuration Zero, then the Planter, then Chukwu, roiled slightly.  Its form blurred from head to foot.  Flickers and waves of light coursed across its face and chest.
Sandy whispered to Rey.  “It’s thinking.  Comparing words and files.”
“Maybe confused, too,” Rey added.
Ndiko went on, her voice getting momentarily stronger.  “I judge your actions.  I am the law and your customs, all your omenala.  I make the crops grow and I make crops die.  My agent is the python.  See me, Chukwu and hear what I say.”
Chukwu seemed muddled, its form shifting, with small gaps opening up in its structure.  Its face morphed into a distorted mask, then a blank mask, with all detail suddenly washed out, nose, lips, eyes, ears, all breaking down as if the thing were unsure of itself, as if it had been caught wearing someone else’s clothes.  
“Blllzzzz…Ala is…holy ground…this statement equals truth—”
Ndiko decided to press the point, though her head felt like it would split wide open.  It felt like there was a barfight going on inside her skull.
“It is taboo for the People to try to leave this land.  If the People try to leave this land, it is an abomination against Ala.  The People must not abandon their Ala, for I will be lonely.  If the People leave the land, if the People no longer trust Ala, then Ala will see you in the underworld and there will be chaos.”
The effect on Chukwu was both immediate and startling.  As if it were unraveling, the form of the swarm, the physical presence of Chukwu, began dispersing amid an explosion of light flashes and pops.  
>>Parsing concept (trust)…--to be believed, to have faith or confidence in—single-swarm entity designated “Ala” maintains thirty-two-point one percent alignment with Module One objectives…collaboration between “Ala” and Configuration Zero is approved for minor sub-objectives>>
“You think he wants to help us…maybe?” Rey offered.  Beside him, Charley moaned and stirred and he cradled her head in his lap.  
>>Acoustic analysis is performed on your words…running authentication routines…verifying analysis…probability matching truthfulness of semantic content with acoustic analysis…scans show matching below ten-point five percent…semantic string is not truthful…parsing concept (help): to give assistance to, to provide aid, to give support to--why does Entity “Ala” wish (help) from Central Entity?>>
Ndiko lowered her voice, turned slightly to her crewmates.  “Get ready, guys—"
>>Authentication analysis indicates this semantic string is expressed at ninety-four-point three percent probability of truthfulness…adaptive algorithms executed…Entity “Ala” is now known to the Central Entity.  There are many files on this entity>>
But before the swarm could complete its words, Ndiko slammed her arm down.  “NOW!  Fry the bastard!”  With that, she crumpled to the sand.  The bots in her own head were clamping down and her hands shook as she reached for her weapon.  
All around and above her, Ndiko could hear the satisfying zap and buzz of high-energy radio freq fire, and magpulse rounds crackling through the air.  Scalding gusts of air and sheets of hot sand blew up in her face and she crouched down in fetal position, then felt someone’s strong hands pulling her through the sand. 
It was the big Aussie.  That’s when Carrie Ndiko decided she couldn’t fight the bots in her head any longer.  She fell headlong down the black tunnel of unconsciousness.  Sandy dragged her behind a sand dune, made sure she was covered with seagrass and brush, then went back to the attack.
Under sustained assault, the Chukwu swarm immediately flew apart into loose clusters of bots.  The barrage of HERF and mag fire seemed to be doing the trick.
Rey yelled, “Mop ‘em up!  Slam those loose clusters too!” 
The time jumpers walked slowly down the slope of the beach, spraying fire back and forth.  The main swarm had already dispersed and Rey worked his pulser to concentrate fire on the other tribesmen who had come ashore.  They too explosively disassembled right in front of his eyes.  Even the outrigger canoe dissolved and diffused into sea spray under their withering fire.  
“Jeez,” he muttered to herself, “the whole friggin’ planet is nothing but bots.  It’s an atomgrabber’s wet dream here.”
Now the ocean itself had turned rough and stormy, with huge waves barreling toward them, whitecaps breaking into deafening hiss and foam almost on top of them.  Purple clouds swirled overhead and veins of lightning crackled from cloud to ground in jagged stalks.   
Sandy yelled, “We’ve stirred up the nest good now, mate.  Fall back…up to the higher ground.  And get ready to boost.  We’ve got two casualties and we’ve got to get out of here before this damn place breaks apart right under us.”
Rey and Sandy helped drag and half-carry the unconscious Ndiko and the moaning Charley to a small hillock of sand several dozen meters away, a low rise that seemed the highest point on this island of hell, firing back at clots and clumps of bots as they withdrew.
At the top of the rise, Rey gathered everybody around close.  “Get your suit boost primed and ready.  You’ll have to carry Ndiko.  I’ll deal with Charley.  See if Carrie’s boost has any juice left.  I’ll try to figure out how to use her deco wake detector.  With any luck, we can home on the ship’s singularity drive.”
Sandy just shook his head.  “It’ll be a miracle finding Omt’or in this mess.  We’ve managed to stir up the whole planet.”
“That’s a good thing,” Rey convinced himself.  “If we can get the hell out of here, we should all get Distinguished Valor medals for saving the human race.”  He knew Charley had wanted to start negotiations with the Coethi but the time for that was long gone now.  
Rey watched the breakers coming closer up the slope with every wave.  “On my count…three…two…one…NOW!  Light off!”
As one, the time jumpers ascended on suit boost into a driving sleet of sea spray and rain, a heavy thickening fog of unguided, now directionless bots, with winds gusting and lightning thundering all around them.  Below, the beach and the island seemed to dissolve right under them, but perhaps it was just the mist shrouding the little spit of land.
Sandy carried Ndiko backpack-style, draped around and over his shoulders.  She hung down his back like a limp mannequin, with only faint glow at her feet, emanating from what was left of her suit boost.   Neither jumper knew if they had enough boost of their own to make it back to the ship, buddying Ndiko and Charley between them,
A few meters ahead of Rey and Charley, faint in the mist and rain, Sandy swore and cursed at Ndiko’s decoherence wake detector, trying to get the damned thing to work.
Come on, come on, you bloody, stupid pile of--
Then, a faint chirp sounded in his helmet and a light blipped on the detector face.  Maybe a signal of quantum entanglement waves collapsing somewhere, far off… for the signal was very faint, there and not there.  
Sandy held his breath, tweaked the gain, changed heading slightly and got a slightly stronger signal for his efforts.
Over the crewnet, he breathed a sigh of relief and said, “This way, folks.  Next stop, Omt’or and a hot meal of cold T-rations…I hope.”

The flight seemed to last for days.  Once or twice, Sandy’s heart stopped when the faint but growing signal dropped out completely.   He found that a slight heading tweak usually regained the signal but they were cruising in and out of dense knots and clouds of bots and that could have had some effect.
“Let’s go up,” he suggested.  “Higher altitude may give us a better signal.”
“I’m pretty much at my limit,” said Rey.  “My arms are about to fall off.”  He was bearing an unconscious Charley and had noted his boost charge was running low.  “If we go higher, we may not have enough juice to make it.”
So, they stayed low and fought their way through sleets and gusts of bots, following Sandy’s lead, as he adjusted and tweaked and fiddled with the deco wake detector, hoping and praying it was leading them back to Omt’or.
Two hours after departing the small island and the remnants of Configuration Zero, the Aussie engineer noticed his detector suddenly showed a strong spike in one direction.
That has to be Omt’or.  “Follow me,” he said over the crewnet and dropped down on yet another heading, disappearing momentarily in thick fog.
When Rey and Charley finally caught up with the engineer, he was already descending rapidly over rolling hill countryside and they could see a red and white strobing beacon in the mist ahead.
When they landed and half-dragged, half-carried Charley and Ndiko through the hatch, Sandy Kilgorly almost wanted to kiss the lockout handle.   
But they had more important duties, for Charley was beginning to twitch and spasm uncontrollably as she was laid in the med bed in one corner of sickbay.
Rey ordered full quarantine procedures in effect.  
“If she’s got Coethi bots in her head, we can’t take any chances.”  He motioned Max, the medbot, in closer to Charley’s bed, giving it orders to implement the standard Time Guard procedure.  With well-programmed efficiency, Max proceeded to setup the IVs, scanner heads, oxygen tubes, sensor leads and restraints.  Seconds later, a biofield flickered into life and Charley was quickly enveloped in a nearly impenetrable shield of nanobots.  After this, the medbot repeated the same procedure with Carrie Ndiko.
Sandy stared down at both women, wincing at each twitch and tremor.  “I’ll get started prepping ANAD.  We’ve got to get an insert going so we can get rid of those bots infesting their heads.”
Rey shook his head.  “Belay that.  ALBERT did a long-range sweep right after we landed.  There’s something big headed this way.  A bot formation I’m guessing.  We can’t stick around here.  We need to take our stations.  We’re going to try jumping out of here.  Sandy, you man Carrie’s console.  Max can keep an eye on these two.”
Sandy protested.  “Reynaldo, I haven’t worked with Sensors or ChronoNav in months.  I just barely passed cross-train quals when Omt’or was commissioned on Shooki.  Remember, we never had time for proper training.  I wouldn’t even know how to interpret basic readings.”
Rey was firm, even as he motioned Max to secure the sickbay.  “You’ve got manuals and tutorials.  Read ‘em.  We’re jumping out of this quagmire in an hour.  ALBERT, you work with Max.  Do exactly what Max says and don’t get in the way.”
The ship’s AI replied, “Of course.  I will closely monitor both Charley and Carrie.”
Rey was on his way out of the tiny compartment.  “I’ve got a fistful of checklists to go through.  This is going to be one hell of a jump.  The time for talking to these bastards is over.”
Sandy looked at Charley and Carrie and shrugged.  Then he spoked directly to ALBERT.
“They both got swarmed on patrol,” he explained.  Low moans escaped Charley’s lips, along with some flecks of foam.  “Bots.  They’re inside both of their heads.  The only way to get ‘em out is to go in there with URME and physically engage them.  URME can do that but setup takes time and Carrie was the real atomgrabber here.”  He balled his hands into fists.  “And I’ve got some OJT to get done before we jump.”
An hour later, the ship’s AI ALBERT issued the warning klaxon for imminent jump.  Over the warbling siren, Rey’s voice sounded up and down the gangway and decks of the ship.  He realized the announcement was unnecessary.  Only he and Sandy were running the ship.  But the words came out automatically anyway.
“All hands, take your stations.  Prepare for jump.  This one will be a doozy.”
Chapter 7

Seome
Kinlok Island
775.8 Tk (Pre-ak’loosh Epoch of Tekpotu)
February 1, 2115 (Earth C.E.)

To Lieutenant Nathan Golich, the Seomish kip’t was the strangest craft he’d ever seen.  Nearly ten meters in length, shaped like a fat, glistening seed, it sported planes and rudders and was clearly designed for underwater cruising.  But it was what was inside that puzzled him.
The cabin had no seats.  A line of face-like protrusions lined the cockpit.  There seemed to be no controls, just an array of soft membranes at the forward end of the cabin.  
Golich and Acth:On’e examined the craft inside a temporary hut, fabbed by URME on the beach to make examining the strange craft easier.  Protected from the surf and the wind, the two time jumpers pored over every centimeter of the ship.
“Waterjet propulsion,” said Acth.  “That much seems certain.  And planes and rudders for control outside.”
“But there are no sticks, wheels, or obvious helm controls…how do you steer it?” Golich wondered.
Then they discovered what came to be called an echopod.
A small cylinder fell to the hard-packed sand and rolled against Acth’s boot.
Golich saw it too.  “What’s that?”
Acth bent down as far as he could, carefully picked up the device, for it was clearly a manufactured object.  He examined it, handed it to Golich.  
Golich turned the object end for end.  It was vaguely cylindrical, made of some kind of hard keratin-like composite, like a sea shell.  Fist-sized, it was tapered top and bottom.  Bumps lined one side.  
“Be careful with that,” Acth said.  “Could be explosive.”
“The creatures must have left it.  Maybe it’s a recording device.”
“Or a camera so they can spy on us.”
They took the thing back to Cygnus and let URME take a look.  Meanwhile, Golich and Acth began gathering provisions for a trip, for they both knew without saying that somehow, some way, they would take the Seomish kip’t and try to find Major Dringoth.  No one had any idea where Dringoth might have been taken but they were all uniformly resolved that a search be made.  Time jumpers didn’t leave time jumpers behind.  
Ariel Levee spied the cylinder, still clutched by Acth.  “What is that thing…your lunch bag?”
Acth:On’e put the cylinder on a foldout table by the hypersuit lockers.  “We’re not sure.   Could be a small surveillance device.  Maybe a recorder.”
“Maybe an explosive or a bot container too,” Golich said.  “Keep your hands away.  URME…?”
The Temporal Fire Director (TFD1) drifted over and lowered a hand over the device.  Straight away, a small mist of bots sloughed off his palm and descended over the thing, eventually enveloping the cylinder in something that looked like fog, with flickering lights going off inside.  URME’s way of examining something.  After a few moments, URME looked up and the mist began to clear, bots returning like wafting smoke back to his palm.
“Unknown structure, sir.  Keratin-like, a matrix of fibrous protein-like molecules, filamentary in layout, with unknown composition.  I detect superhelical monomers with disulfide bridges…calcium, hydrogen, sulfur and phosphor molecules in a highly unusual structure.”
“But what is it?” Golich asked.  
“Function is unknown,” URME said.  “Possibly a processor of some kind…thermal readings indicate electron transport activity inside.  I cannot determine function any more precisely without invasive penetration.”
“Put it in containment, right away,” Golich decided.  “And make sure it’s secure.  Set injectors to maximum.  We’ve got bigger concerns right now.”
“At once, sir.”  URME hoisted the cylinder delicately, enveloping the thing with a small field of protective bots he sloughed off his hand and headed up the gangway to C deck.  Hazardous Stores was located there, well shielded by a nanobotic barrier.
Acth:On’e watched URME leave with the device in his hand and wondered: after my shift, when they’re all sleep….

That night, after chow and a few drinks in the crew’s mess, Acth:On’e returned to his closet-sized berth and drew the curtains shut.  He listened carefully to the sounds around him.  There was Golich, two compartments to port, snoring like a sand gale on Keaton’s World.  He could make out a faint clacking sound coming from Ndiko’s compartment; undoubtedly a faint breeze stirring one of her bone and ivory necklaces.  The breeze did that every night; you could set your time by it. Really creepy.  And URME…who knew where the hell URME was.  Probably running self-check routines or just drifting about the ship, monitoring everything in sight.  He’d have to be careful about URME.  
When he was reasonably certain the way was clear, Acth:On’e left his berth and quietly made his way up to C deck, where the cylinder was in containment.  He couldn’t violate or turn off containment without setting off alarms but he could study the device…and wonder, maybe play with the thing, using some of C deck’s remote tools and instruments.
He situated his butt on a stool just outside the containment vault, careful not to touch the nano barrier.  Even a tickle of the bots would give off a shrill keening buzz, as the barrier pushed back.  Inside containment, URME had situated the cylinder in a clamp, held fast, surrounded by electron injectors that would blast the thing to atom fluff if anything went wrong.
The cylinder was clearly on, active, operating in some way.  He could see it vibrating, twisting and straining against the clamps.  A stream of squeaks and clicks and grunts issued from the side; he could hear them even through the muffling of the barrier.
What on Urth?
Later, when the moment was examined in greater detail with the clarity of hindsight, Acth:On’e could not rightly say when he first had the notion.  It had just come to him…come to him full blown, the way insights sometimes do.
The clicks and squeaks were some kind of language.  The cylinder was talking, issuing statements, commands, asking questions, making conjectures.  It was speaking to him.  He pressed his face as close to the barrier as he dared and listened.
Of course, none of it made any sense, except to prove the feeling he had had from the first time he had peered into the eyes of the creatures assaulting the island.  These were intelligent beings.  They had come from beneath the sea.  They had weapons.  They had a language.  They had a reason for being there, on the beach.
That’s when he felt a presence behind him.  It was URME.  Config 1, more or less composed and normal, but for a slight blurring at the edges of his face.
“Good evening, Acth:On’e.  I see you are examining the alien device.  Please do not drop containment.  That would violate regulation TG155-6288 Part D…’Proper Control and Maintenance Procedures for Unknown Objects Inside Habitable Domiciles…’”
Acth took a deep breath.  “Keep your pants on, URME.  I wasn’t going to.  But just before you showed up, the damn thing started talking to me…at least, that’s what I think it’s doing.  Listen…see for yourself.”
URME bent down to listen.  The clicks and squeaks and clacks had grown louder, more intense with greater frequency.  Something urgent, perhaps.
“That has to be some kind of language,” Acth decided. 
“Perhaps…I am analyzing the waveforms…there is a detectable, repeating pattern.  Unlike anything in my memory.  The notes and patterns do not correspond with any known Uman or animal language, anywhere in the Alliance.  I can try to run analytical routines, correlation and regression routines on the sounds.  Perhaps an underlying structure can be determined.”
“Do that, URME.  I’m sure this is a language.  This cylinder is some kind of communication device.  The creatures either dropped it or left it deliberately.  URME, they’re intelligent.  And they’re trying to tell us something.  This planet’s not quite as uninhabited as Survey Service led us to believe.”

By next morning, URME had worked out the details of the Seomish language and the operating procedures for the strange craft.
“They call it a kip’t,” the para-human swarm entity announced.  “The name comes from a—”
Golich waved him quiet.  “URME, that’s great.  Just show me how that little ship operates.”
They hiked down to the temporary hut on the beach and URME proceeded to show Golich and Acth:On’e how to drive the kip’t.
The angel explained that the soft membranes were sound-powered controls.  “The craft is steered by making the proper sounds at the membranes…the correct pitch, volume and pronunciation causes the ship to rise or descend, turn left or right, speed up or slow down.”
Golich blinked.  “You’ve got to be kidding.  How are we going to learn all that?”
URME brightened, the angel’s swarm swelling with pride.  “I have learned enough of the Seomish language and its five main dialects to explain.  I’ll teach you.”
Golich looked glumly over at Acth:On’e.  “Swell.”
But my midday, the time jumpers had a rudimentary grasp of the fundamentals.  With Levee’s help, some provisions were laid in and the kip’t made ready to be hauled out of the hut and shoved into the surf.
Golich lay down inside the cockpit, with Acth:One’s athwart his body, side by side.  It was a bit cramped but this seemed to be the way the Seomish crews operated.
Golich was grim at the prospect of what they were trying to do.  “URME’s idea of letting the ship track recent scent trails of other ships is crazy but it’s the best idea we have.  I don’t have a clue where the fish have taken the Major.  We’ll just have to go down there and look around.  URME, you and Ariel get Cygnus buttoned up for departure.  The Coethi are nearby and it’s only a matter of time before they starball that sun and she’s goes kablooey.  Get Cygnus ready for a quick take-off.”
URME replied, “Will do, Lieutenant.  Good luck.”
“It’s going to take more than that.”
With that, Acth snugged the hatch down and secured it.  Golich cleared his throat and honked his best Seomish commands at the control board.  After several tries, the ship responded abruptly, lurching forward and maneuvering further out into the crashing surf, rolling like a drunken pig, finally submerging.
They were underway at last.

Driving a Seomish kip’t was no easy job and Golich soon made him and Acth:On’e both seasick with the ship’s incessant bobbing and rolling.  More than once, the craft pranged off the side of an unseen rock outcrop, sending the ship into a corkscrewing roll until Golich could regain control.
“Sorry about that, pal,” Golich muttered.
Acth just shook his head.  “You hear all those clicks and pings coming from the control board?  URME said that’s how we navigate.”
“Yeah, good luck with that.  That gibberish doesn’t mean a thing to my ears…can you make any sense of it?”
“Not really.”  Acth:On’e was glum, despairing of ever finding the Major.  “Supposedly URME figured out how to program this tub to follow scent trails.”
“I hope he knew what he was doing because I don’t have a clue.”
Acth shrugged.  “It makes sense, sort of.  If URME did his job right, this little sled is following the trails of all those ships that assaulted the island.  With any luck, that’ll lead us to Major Dringoth.”
The kip’t again rolled awkwardly and shuddered under Golich’s unsteady control.  “More likely, it’s going to take a major miracle, Acth.”
“Lieutenant!”  Acth:On’e’s voice came through the echopod loud and clear.  “Lieutenant, look!  Ahead of us--!”
Acth’s cry filled the cockpit with horror.  Rising from the ravine was a dark swarm, filling the sea ahead of and around them.
They billowed out of the mountains, staining the sea a deep crimson, swelling like a wave across the crests of the hills.  It was as if the oceans had shuddered, and shaken trillions of dirt clods loose.  The swarm spanned the whole of the outthrust slopes below them, for as far as they could pulse in either direction. 
“It’s a full bloom of them!” Acth cried.  “Carrie Ndiko mentioned this…she encountered something like this.  I think they’re called mah’jeet.”  Golich re-fired the jets, to back them out before they drifted into the middle of it, but he had waited too long.  Fighting the controls had distracted him and now the jets were getting clogged.  They sputtered and died off noisily.
Their own momentum was carrying them into the very heart of the bloom.  Already, streaks of crimson had splattered the bubble of the cockpit.  Frantically, Golich flushed the intakes with water from inside, then shut them tight.  That helped to expel any of the creatures that might have drifted into the circulator.  But they were closed off from a fresh source of air now; the supply in the cockpit was generally useable, but the air ‘faces’ were fully puckered; it wouldn’t take long for the air to foul, with the circulator off.  Two people would deplete it in less than a day.
They had no propulsion.  They were at the mercy of whatever stray current might come along and it seemed they could not avoid drifting deeper into the bloom.  There was an agonized silence—and the scent of helplessness—as the kip’t went deeper and deeper.  Soon, the veil had been drawn.  Mah’jeet crushed against them, crinkling, scraping, grinding, the weight of trillions upon trillions of them squeezing the cockpit, bleeding their deadly purple toxin in rivulets over the bubble.  
They were trapped in a sea of death.  The slightest leak would be fatal and Golich and Acth:On’e both soon imagined scores of them.  Every thump and hiss and click and whistle of the kip’t was magnified, the sound reflected off the mah’jeet veil back into the little craft. 
Nervous, needing to do something, Acth:On’e had activated the echopod, which URME had programmed to speak something they could understood…it’s high-pitched nasal voice filled the cockpit….
…unicellular microscopic organisms…it told them, sounding to their ears like an encyclopedia…the mah’jeet cluster in vast fields in equatorial waters, often near active ve’skort, where they can feed on rising columns of mineral-rich water…
 Golich was watching the spreading purple stain slowly envelope the cockpit bubble…mah’jeet are mildly irritating to most Seomish in small numbers…but they tend to swarm…in large numbers, they are deadly…
The echopod told them that the toxin worked on the nervous system.  It could cause convulsions, breathing difficulties, heart attacks and finally death.  In these concentrations, the slightest exposure to the toxin that oozed outside the cockpit would kill them in minutes, if not sooner.
They had no way of really knowing where they were, or where they were going.  The kip’t sounders worked, barely, but the constant low clicking was deceptive.  If they had drifted deep into the patch, it was likely the mah’jeet themselves were so thick they would affect the echoes.  And even if he had known precisely where they were, they could have done nothing.
The kip’t jets were effectively dead.
Acth:On’e’s voice sounded strained and hoarse in the cockpit. 
“What can we do, Lieutenant?  Is there anything…are we going to—“
“Acth, be quiet.  I’m thinking.”  Golich studied the useless instruments before him.  Idly, he tried the throttle; it burbled, sputtered, gagged, then quit.  Nothing he did could make it work again.  “The jets are completely clogged.”
“We’re trapped, aren’t we?”  Acth:On’e said it with an exaggerated calm in his voice.  
Golich hesitated before replying.  He didn’t know what to say, except the obvious.
“For the moment,” he finally replied.
“Is there nothing we can do?” 
“Acth, the way I see it, we have several choices.  There is a possibility that we haven’t drifted very far into this patch.  We might still be on the fringe of it.  I don’t know that for sure.  But it’s possible.”
Acth:On’e clicked his teeth, an annoying habit of Telitorians.  “Anything I can do to help?  Are we stuck here?”
Golich took a deep breath.  “I have something in mind.  It’s risky…it might not work.”
“What is it?”
“Remember how I flushed the circulator when we first entered the patch?  To keep any of these creatures from seeping in here?  I had to use our ballasting water to do it.  We lost a good bit doing that but it gave us some time.”
“How much do we have left?”
Golich did some quick checking.  He snorked at the displays to make the instruments give a water pressure reading, then said, “Since I had to turn the circulator off to seal the cockpit, we have no intake of fresh water now. I’m also afraid we’ll consume all the oxygen in about a day, maybe less.  The pods don’t even seem to be re-circulating at all.”
“A day,” said Acth:On’e softly.  “A day to dream.  If we had Telitorian tekn’een, we could remember everything, re-live it, in a day….”
“Acth, save the poetry.  I want to do more than re-live it.  I could try flushing the circulator again, with what water we have left.  If we aren’t too deep in the patch, the force of the water being expelled might push us out of it.  Of course, it might push us in deeper as well.  And we’d have less ballasting than before.  That’s the risk.”
Acth:On’e thought, then replied.  “The bloom’s too thick.  Even if you used all the water in the tanks, the mah’jeet are too dense.  We wouldn’t move ten meters, if that much.”
The low, delicate chittering of the kip’t sounder suddenly stopped, then thumped.
“What the hell….?”
Again, a thump, something massive.  Thump-thump.
“—Acth, you’ve known me long enough to know that—“
A louder thump-rattle.  A series of them.  Whump-thump.
Golich was deathly hoarse.  “What…is that—“
THUMP-thump.  THUMP-thump.  Kreeee…kkkthump….
“Acth, be still…be quiet…I think—“
Something heavy slammed into the kip’t, jolting them hard.  Golich shouted.  The bubble had cracked.  A trickle of purple squeezed in.  But the kip’t was moving, there was no doubt of it.  They were bumped and bumped and bumped again.  Outside, even the thick mah’jeet couldn’t muffle the agonizing shriek of death.
More purple dribbled in, coagulating into spheres, drifting about in the bubble.  The bumping had stopped.  Golich dared not breathe—had he imagined it?  A sphere of the toxin had brushed him.  Frantically, he thrashed it off before it could dissolve into his skin.  Already, the dizziness….
But it was true.  The mah’jeet were thinning out, sliding off the cockpit bubble like sheets of tissue. A veil was lifted and he could see the craggy cliffs of a nearby mountain.  All that barren rock, that brown and gray mud, was more beautiful than anything he had ever seen.
 Still, they weren’t completely free of the mah’jeet.  Faint webs still clung to the bubble, holding them in the swarm.  Knots of purple filaments drifted nearby.  They had stopped moving and if they didn’t act now, the natural motions of the swarm would suck them back in deeper.
Golich shivered; some of the poison had already entered his bloodstream.  He tried the kip’t jets.  Nothing.  They were so close, yet still within the grasp of the mah’jeet.  Something…there had to be something he could do.
They had one chance.  He was shuddering, growing more numb every second.  He reached out and felt the circulator handle in his hand.  It would take the last of their breathable air and if it didn’t work….
He twisted the handle, to open the intakes.  He could taste the oily excretions of the mah’jeet inside the bubble now.  Acth:On’e started to panic, thrashing about.  But he couldn’t worry about that now. Golich groped for the handle.
He pushed it in.
The first second was the longest.  Golich was sure it had not moved.  It had been jammed shut by the weight of the mah’jeet and wouldn’t budge.  
The next second brought him the truth.
The force of the kip’t’s final air being expelled kicked them hard.  The craft spun slowly and seemed to fly apart all at the same time.  
They were drifting freely now, away from the mah’jeet.  Something massive darted by in front of them but Golich didn’t have the strength to focus on it.  Instead, he felt the sensation that they were sinking.  I just hope the bottom’s nearby—
The kip’t finally came to rest on a narrow ledge.  
And when the two of them opened their eyes, gasping for air, they saw their little craft was surrounded by half a dozen other craft, similar in design.
Acth:On’e poked at the air ‘faces,’ trying to coax more oxygen from them. 
Golich said, coughing, “Acth, I think we have company.”
Before he could reply, Acth caught a glimpse of what had bumped them.  It was a massive beast—they would later learn that the Seomish word sounded like tillet—fully twenty meters in length, maybe five in girth, like a cow but with flukes and fins.
“That’s what hit us,” Golich decided.
They saw that the tillet wasn’t alone but rather part of a herd that had gathered all around them.
The echopod sitting on the deck at Golich’s feet erupted, emitting a series of clicks, grunts and hoots.  Cautiously, Golich lifted the device and stared at it.  He noticed the buttons and studs along one side.  Something in the back of his mind—perhaps curiosity-- made him feel the buttons.  The chirping changed tone and pitch instantly.  The buttons controlled the device’s output.
Slowly, bit by bit, finagling and testing ideas from Acth, Golich managed to squeeze a bare minimum of understandable words out of the device, for as URME had surmised, it functioned in part as a translator as well as an encyclopedia.
The words, if such they could be called, came in a torrent of hoots and howls and clicks and guttural gnashing that made any understanding difficult.
“Skrreeaahh…qqllqqkk…Om’tor…we…gggllkkqqll…move tillet against…jjggqqlkkll…you come from mah’jeet….is yes…?”
Golich met Acth with his eyes.  “I’m not sure what they’re saying….”
Acth:On’e made a guess.  “Maybe that they herd these beasts and used them to nudge us out of that swarm.”
Golich shrugged.  “That’s as good a guess as any.”  He spoke to the device.  “We thank you.  We are Umans.  First Time Displacement Battery…we are looking for our commander….”
The jockeying of words and misunderstandings and constant adjustments to the device took an hour.  Eventually, their Seomish visitors managed to explain how the air ‘faces’ worked.  With their help, Golich was able to pilot their own kip’t to the surface to re-charge the faces, both he and Acth shivering in the icy gusts while the puckered faces gorged on the air.  Descending again to a depth of thirty meters, with fresh air now blowing in their faces, Golich and Acth:On’e learned more about their guards.
The kip’ts were Omtorish and they had been part of the attacking force that had damaged the Twister and ransacked their base at the island.  The principal speaker—Golich could never be quite sure who was speaking—seemed to be a male named Hablek keek.   Through the echopod, in between bursts of indecipherable screeching and clacking, for the pod wasn’t a perfect translator, they learned that the Omtorish had been herding a supply train of the tillet back toward Kinlok.  The tillet had detected the Umans’ inside the mah’jeet swarm and were used to ‘bump’ their sled out of the bloom in time to keep them from being consumed.
“We’re grateful for that,” Golich signaled back.  He tried to explain why they were even operating a Seomish kip’t.  “Your people seized our commander.  His name is Ultrarch-Major Monthan Dringoth.  We want him back.  Can you help us?”
While the Omtorish chittered among themselves and the echopod offered no understandable translation, Acth:On’e studied the tactical situation.
“Lieutenant, we’re surrounded.  I count maybe five or six of these little ships, in addition to that herd of sea cows.”
Golich had seen the same thing.  “I noticed that.  No chance of us getting out of this any time soon.  I don’t know enough to operate this ship that well.”
“These people seemed to have some pretty advanced technology…for fish.”
“Yeah.  Seems like Carrie Ndiko was right after all.”
“We’ll have to talk our way out of this situation.  Maybe they can help us.”
A few hours of wary and tense echopod-mediated negotiations followed.  In that time, it became quite clear to Golich and Acth:On’e just how fiercely the fish-people felt about the Time Twister and its effects on their world.
Hablek’s words were halting and bracketed by screeches and whistles, but this was the gist:
“Skkreeaahh…the sound bad for our kkkllqqll cities it is many slides…much…kkqqggsshh…destroy…death….”
Golich got the picture.  “Can you help us find our commander?”
To this, Hablek didn’t reply at first.  The echopod was worryingly silent for many minutes.
“Maybe he didn’t understand,” Acth suggested.
Then….
“...kkqqll…we know this…shkree…your command is with Ponkti…”
Hablek seemed reluctant, though neither of them could be sure.  Maybe it was the echopod trying to translate.  Maybe it was their imagination.  Further negotiations proceeded haltingly.  
Golich felt that the Omtorish, or at least Hablek, had some knowledge of where Major Dringoth was being held, if he was even still alive.  
“Will you help us?”
Hablek’s voice changed timbre, though what that meant neither Golich nor Acth:On’e could guess.
The Omtorish commander indicated that they did know where the captured Tailless—that was the word the echopod translated their clicking and chittering as—was being held.
“The Ponkti have this kkllqqll Tailless.”
Then Hablek put some conditions on their assistance and Golich‘s eyes grew large as they listened to the translation, for it seemed the fish-people were talking about permanently dismantling the Time Twistser as a pre-requisite for assisting them.  
Acth:On’e pointed out the obvious.  “They may not know about the Coethi.  How do we explain that to these fish?”
Golich just shook his head.  “I have no idea.  Maybe just describe straight out why First TD’s here and what we’re doing.”
Acth:On’e was skeptical.  “Good luck with that, Lieutenant.”
Golich started slowly, trying to explain how there was a distant enemy called the Coethi, how they would eventually destroy their sun and their world without the Twister.  He didn’t mention that Charley was even then engaged in a probably futile effort to negotiate with the Coethi to spare this world and that the Twister was needed to generate a farpool wormhole so Charley could get back to her own world and time.
With some effort, help from the echopods and more patience than Golich ever dreamed he would have, he was finally able to make Hablek and the Omtorish surrounding them understand what was at stake.  It was clear that the Seomish had no real idea of what life was like beyond their oceans.  
But Hablek would not be dissuaded from his original demand that the Twister be shut down and dismantled.   
“Shkkreeah…kkllqq…we have not pulse this far enemy….”
Golich looked at Acth.  “How do I answer that?”  They discussed ideas, then, “The far enemy is not of your world.  Not in your waters.  The enemy is far beyond….”
Hablek’s voice was firm.  “Then…qqkkllqq…the enemy is of the Notwater….”
Acth said, “That’s as good an explanation as any.  These fish know nothing beyond their seas.”
Hablek added, “Why sszzhhss…should we help you?  Trust zzshh you Tailless…you bring death and destruction to our waters?”
Somehow, Golich had known it would come to this.  “Because we designed and built the Time Twister.  We operate it.  We can power it up and shut it off.  And we can dismantle it quickly.  But we need it now—we need to complete repairs—to defend this sector of Halo Alpha.”
Several minutes passed before a reply came.  While Acth continued adjusting and tuning and tweaking the echopod, trying to clean up the translation, the pod emitted a steady stream of squeaks and clicks, clacks and honks.
“Sounds liked they’re having a wild party over there,” Golich decided.  “Like when we got liberty for a few days.”
“Or they’re discussing things.  Lieutenant, I’m trying to decide if I would trust you…just based on your voice and words.”
Then Hablek’s voice came back, this time much clearer.  Quite firm.  Here’s somebody accustomed to command, Golich thought.
“We zzhh cannot pulse you inside the kip’t.  I read no echoes, no bubbles of deceit or trickery here.”  A long pause, more clicks and whistles.  “We accept your offer, Tailless intruders.”
Just then, shapes and shadowy forms slid by the cockpit canopy.  Swirls of motion and blurry objects came into and out of view.  The little craft rocked, then scrapes and banging could be heard through the hull.
“What’s happening?” Golich asked.
Hablek replied, “We tow you.  My prodsmen are make attach tow lines.”
Acth flinched at the sight of one, hovering just over the canopy, peering down into their tiny world.  It was a fearsome beast, fully ten meters long, powerful flukes rippling with effort. Its fins were ritually scarred.  Flukes with fingers, Acth noted. The creature wore some kind of belt or harness with numerous gadgets hanging off.  Its beak poked and probed at the canopy, scraping along.  Then the beast disappeared.
The little kip’t lurched roughly into motion and they were soon underway, at some speed.
“Where are we going?” Golich asked into the echopod.
After a moment, Hablek replied, “We zzhh are in the Ponk’el Sea.  We qqkk go to Ponk’t.  The city of the Ponkti.”
With that, the echopod fell silent and no further questions were answered, for many hours.  
The kip’t rocked and rolled through the murky seas, occasionally banking left or right onto some new course.  Outside the canopy, the time jumpers could see little.  Flecks and shards of ice came zooming at them out of the murk.  It was clear that the seas here were frigid and rough; even at depth, the kip’t shuddered and shook like a shivering animal.
The time jumpers settled into a dull stupor.  Golich closed his eyes, his head resting against the control panel.
“This must be why I joined the Guard,” he muttered to no one in particular.  “To land on backwater sewer worlds like this and die.”
Acth shivered in the damp penetrating cold.  He studied the air flask ‘faces’ that lined their cockpit and wondered.  How long would they provide air?  The fish people breathed only water.  They had no need of air, and perhaps didn’t have even a full understanding, of what Umans needed.
Counting the faces, he came up with thirty.  Now twenty of them were fully distended, their lips puckered out into an “O”, giving no more air into their compartment.  Perhaps they could be recharged, but when…and how?  The other faces were puffing hard, their cheeks and lips flexing vigorously as they spewed air into the cockpit and sucked up CO2.
Organic, living air flasks, faces vaguely resembling Telitorian pimbrons, or even Asians from ancient Urth.  Acth lulled himself to a blurry dozing sleep trying to imagine how such things could ever come to be.
Golich’s voiced startled Acth:On’e awake.
“You never told me how you wound up in the Guard, Acth.”
The Telitorian yawned and stretched, wincing as he knocked his blade-shaped head on a stanchion.  
“Well, Lieutenant, I was just past my V4.  That corresponds to ages 16-20 years, in your time system, I should think.  In the runup to my fourth upload, I argued with school authorities about what I should carry into my V4 version, and what new memories and skills I should sign up for.  I wanted an improved mind-processor but it was too early for that, according to authorities.  This made me mad, so I started to look for a way to leave Telitor to get what I wanted.”
That made Golich chuckle.  “Yeah, you and authority never mixed too well.”
 “I won’t argue that, Lieutenant.  I learned about Time Guard and their mission and what they wanted in recruits.  After thinking about it, consulting with others, I decided to sign up as soon as I completed my V4.3.  That would be about 18 to you.”
“You were ready to leave everything behind, just like that?”
Acth shrugged, a gesture he had learned early on in dealing with Umans, a gesture that looked more like a spasm than a ‘what can you do?’  
“In a manner.  In this time period, I had developed a romantic interest in Max: Margie 4, who was of the same version and also in Net-Tutor class with me.  After Net-Tutor was over, we had both applied for jobs at Magellan Mining, as Bot Tech apprentices.  We were both accepted.  I  moved out of my family domicile and rented a common pod with Margie 4 and two other couples.  Soon, Margie became pregnant.”
That brought a laugh to Golich.  He sat up.  “Acth, you old dog.  What happened?”
 “Margie 4 had a female child.  We called her Willow 1, giving her a combined family patronymic of Acthax: Willow 1.  In time, we started to call her Willie.  Margie and I weren’t married but this causes no problem on Telitor, as Willie would be raised by all the pod members.  The pod went by the name of Bhaktapur --the founders were distant descendants of Nepalese families who emigrated to Uman space several hundred years ago and were vaguely Buddhist in orientation.  Just before my fifth upload, I noticed that Margie was developing an interest in another pod-member, a Nepalese original named Laktim: Kendrick 4.  I was very angry about this and I confronted Margie.  After that, we separated and the pod decided that I could not have any but minimal time with Willie.  This made me even angrier.”
Golich was hungry.  He rummaged around the cockpit, looking for something to eat, but found nothing.  “I don’t doubt it.  Telitorian women…what can you do?”
“I went through my V5…your 21-25 years.  I was still furious with the infidelity of Margie and I wasn’t the greatest pod-father either.  I was so mad, I elected to not carry forward many shared files from Margie into my fifth upload.”
 “In effect, you were wiping out the files dealing with Margie from your mind and memory.”
Acth nodded.  “Not only that, I had learned that Time Guard had accepted my application to recruit school on Keaton’s World.  In a fit of pique and against my mother’s explicit wishes, I ended my contract with Bhaktapur pod and left Telitor, shipping out on a freighter bound for Keaton’s World.  I was due to report to Time Guard’s recruit base for induction and the beginning of boot camp just after my V5 upload.”
Golich had given up his search for food.  “We heard about you at boot camp.  You were the first Telitorian, I remember.”  
Acth:On’e shrugged again.  “I found the recruit training and boot camp arduous and demanding but I did it complete the training and I was inducted into the Guard as a Jump Master 1st class.  There was no way I wasn’t going to finish…and bring scorn on all Telitorians.  I was 22 years old, stuck now at V5 since the Guard didn’t permit or recognize our Telitorian practice of mind uploading or transference.”
“Where were you posted first?  I hope it was better than this hellhole.”
  “I was a new JM1, so I was assigned to mechanic duty at the Guard base at Hapsh’m, working on maintaining jumpships at that base.  That’s where I met an engineering officer named Monthan Dringoth.”
Golich shook his head.  “Everybody’s got a Dringoth story.”
“I was impressed with Dringoth’s no-nonsense sense of duty.  He was very clear-headed about the Coethi and also had a strong sense of mission.  I guess I wanted to have the same sense of mission and subconsciously tried to model myself after Dringoth.”
“Well, I see that went well.  Maybe—” but Golich’s words were interrupted.  The cruise had come to an abrupt end and the kip’t lurched to a sudden stop.  
Both time jumpers peered outside the canopy.
“See anything?”
Acth said, “Just forms.  Shapes.  It looks like there’s a long line of something…oh, I see them.  Lieutenant, look there—” The Telitorian pointed a few degrees to their stern.  “We’re parked alongside a train of those pack animals, the ones with the big bellies.  ‘Tillet’—that’s what Hablek called them.”
Golich felt a sense of dread wash over him.  “Acth, I’ve got a bad feeling about this.  Maybe we can raise Hablek.  See if that thing still works.”
Acth picked up the echopod.  Thumbing every button he could find, he spoke into the device and tried to ask their fish captors what was happening.
What they were told didn’t make Golich or Acth:On’e feel any better about their situation.  
    
Chapter 8

Somewhere in the Ponk’el Sea
777.6 Tk (Pre-ak’loosh Epoch of Tekpotu)
February 4, 2115 (Earth C.E.)

To Lieutenant Nathan Golich, what Hablek told them didn’t make any sense.
“You mean to say we’re climbing inside those cows?”
After Acth’s tweaking, the echopod was now producing clear and strong translations.  Hablek’s voice brooked no dissent.
“The tillet are pack carriers.  They all have large belly pouches, that can carry much cargo.  In a male tillet, there is room for two, maybe three, to fit.”
Golich blinked in disbelief and stared at Acth:On’e.  “Uh…okay.  What happens then?”
“My prodsman are working to steady and calm the beasts down, secure them one by one to a rail they have installed in the side slope of the ravine.”
Acth had seen a narrow gorge nearby and pointed it out to Golich. 
“Today, our tillets will carry very special cargo…us.  We ride in the belly of these beasts, right inside the Ponk’t.”
Golich shook his head.  This had to be a bad dream…maybe it was that pasta thing they had eaten before the fish people attacked.  “Us…inside the tillet?  How is that—“
Hablek honked a command and the rest of the force around them now assembled around the tied-down animals.  
“I explain.  We’ve re-conned Ponkti operations around their city for the last few days.  Every day, they receive their supplies from a train of tillet sent up from the Pulkel region; they enter on the far side of the City…there’s a gap between one of the columns, almost a trap door.  These tillet are specially bred and trained to carry kelke.”
“Like a Trojan horse, Lieutenant,” said Acth.
The echopod chirped as Hablek went on.  “I’m counting on the Ponkti being on schedule.  Our friends here are trained to carry us, individually, in their belly pouches.  Once we’re inside, they’re trained to sniff out their fellow tillet…if we time it right, they’ll sniff out the next Ponkti delivery train.  We’ll join the convoy and that gets us through their sound and scent barriers and inside the City.  When the time is right, we emerge.  And we come out fighting.”
“And you can locate our commander, Major Dringoth?”
Hablek seemed sober enough.  “Our spies have ideas…there is talk among the local repeaters of a Tailless captive brought to Ponk’t.  This may be your commander.”
“How will you find him?”
Hablek seemed to sniff and the echopod burped trying to translate that.  “Tailless have a unique scent.  We can smell such creatures.”
There wasn’t much Golich could do but agree with the plan.  “I think we’d better trust them.”
Acth said, “We don’t have a lot of options.”
Then Hablek rattled off instructions for how the transfer of Golich and Acth:On’e was to happen.  The time jumpers listened carefully, not fully believing what they were hearing but trying to follow the fish commander’s instructions as best they could.  
Acth started feeling above and behind the air ‘faces.’  “He said these things would detach…there is a small flap back here.”
“Well, go ahead and pull it.”
Acth pulled and the face-shaped air sac came off the hull and lay like a zombified skull in his hands.  The Telitorian shuddered.  
“We’re supposed to put this against our face.”
Golich winced.  “You’ve got to be kidding.  How?”
Acth pressed the air sac against his face and was startled when its ‘lips’ stuck out and essentially kissed his own lips, pulling itself closer.  Disgusted, he yanked the face away, then more cautiously tried the maneuver again. Once he had pressed his lips against the scaly lips of the air sac, he was startled again, for the thing had begun extruding a translucent gelatinous substance that crawled up Acth’s own face and grabbed it like a hand, forming a tight seal from his forehead to his chin.  Trying to stay calm, he turned to face Golich.
“Like a kind of air mask,” he said tentatively.  “I can still breathe, but it smells like rotten Telitorian eggs.  Lieutenant, your turn.”
Golich shook his head vigorously.  “Not going to happen, Acth.  I’m not letting that thing on my face.”
But in the end, Lieutenant Nathan Golich really had no choice.  Reluctantly, he duplicated Acth’s maneuver.
Now both of them were sealed against the water, with more or less breathable air from a living mask clinging to their faces.  It felt like someone’s hand squeezing his face.
Outside, Seomish prodsmen cracked the canopy open and freezing water rushed in with a roar.
One after another, Golich and Acth were guided out of the kip’t and across a short distance, to their waiting ride…a massive, squirming, murmuring beast called a tillet.  Golich shivered uncontrollably in the icy water and let strong Seomish hands guide him.  He could barely see through the translucent membrane attached to his face and what he did see made him shiver all the more.
He briefly recalled what the echopod had told them, after Acth figured out how to trigger the encyclopedia function:
Tillet: a pack animal, used mainly for transporting cargo.  About ten to fifteen meters in length, black on top, white on the bottom, the tillet is a fairly docile beast, though occasionally cantankerous.  Generations of genetic engineering have created a close, almost psychic relationship between the Seomish and the tillet.  Some are so highly trained that they can travel thousands of kilometers completely untended, usually in herds of from thirty to fifty.  The tillet is so valuable that all kels have mutually agreed to a ban on hunting them.  They can carry upwards of 800 kilograms of cargo in three specially bred belly pouches, which open underneath broad pectoral fins….
Golich felt more than saw Acth squeezing in beside him.  He had managed to bring along the echopod and deposited it beside Golich’s leg.  It was close quarters inside the belly pouch.  Soon, other hands manipulated a small row of flaps and cinched the pouch closed; he presumed others would ride in the second and third pouches.
This must be how a fetus feels, he told himself.  There was no way to talk with Acth, who shivered almost as much as he did in the brutally cold water. 
After many minutes and much squirming, writhing, fidgeting and wriggling, the tillet lurched into motion.  Golich and Acth found themselves rhythmically squeezed, slammed and shoved by the natural motions of a tillet underway.
The pack train had set off for its destination, with Golich, Acth, Hablek and others now carried in the bellies of the animals.  
Golich looked at Acth, barely visible through the murky water.  His eyes were closed and his mouth opened to suck in the putrid decayed-flesh air inside the mask.  
There seemed nothing to do but sit back and enjoy the ride.  The rhythm of the tillet’s stroke soon lulled him into a vague stupor.   Golich tried not think about where he was or what he was doing…it was the most harrowing ride he had ever taken.
But his mind soon drifted off and he knew that this mission might well be his last chance with the Guard…doing something insane like saving Major Dringoth might be the only way he would avoid the court-martial that hung over his head like the blade of a gallows….
…that’s when the memories came flooding back….it hadn’t really been that long ago….

When he had awakened, Golich twisted out of the bunk, hitting his head on the overhead stanchion, and craned to see out the porthole.  It was K-World, all right.
A tan and ocher desert world, with a few drops of blue spotted across the landscape and the big blue elliptical bowl of Loch Lithgow just past the terminator.
Gateway Station loomed ahead and that’s when the berth door swung open.  It was Herrera and a crewman Golich hadn’t met before.  His name patch read Bioko.
“Sorry about this,” Herrera announced.  “But I have my orders.”  He nodded to Bioko, who carried a small capsule in one hand.  He motioned for Golich to hold out his wrists.
Livecuffs, Golich realized.  Standard procedure for transporting prisoners.  As Bioko discharged the capsule and the bot cloud wrapped itself around his wrists, forming an unbreakable restraint, Herrera went on, reading some official words from his own wristpad….
“Commander Nathan Golich, I remand you to the custody of the Judge Advocate General Office of Time Guard Hawking Base.  Captain Kolyanova and her men will take you into custody.  You’re being transported down on SkyLift to Hawking Base, to the brig there, for further legal action.  Do you have anything to say?”
“No…let’s just get this over with.”
Golich could just see the blond buzzcut and hard, chiseled face of Kolyanova.  She offered not the slightest twitch of sympathy as she and her men escorted Golich to Aquarius’ lockout.  The ship had docked at Gateway Station and he was inside a shuttle car with his guard detail close by in minutes. 
The shuttle dropped like a rock, through faint wisps of cloud and the soft haze of late afternoon dust devils, until the car hissed to a landing at the SkyLift terminal.  A Time Guard lifter waited for them on Liftpad B, outside the terminal.  It took off and was approaching Hawking Base in less than ten minutes.
The brig turned out to be a small warren of cells and isolated common areas, well protected with multiple barriers and barred doors.  One of Kolyanova’s detail dissolved Golich’s livecuffs and he was firmly nudged into a cell.  The door clanged shut and the botscreen went up almost immediately, flickering and popping as the bots laid down their barrier.  
Golich surveyed his four-by-six-meter domain, sighed and fell heavily into the bunk.  
Desertion.  Dereliction of duty.  Abandoning post.  Absent without leave. Trafficking with pirates.  Hijacking.  Brigandage. Causality violations too numerous to count. The words rolled through his mind like waves on Loch Lithgow.  Finally, the words ran out and he was getting up to splash his face in the sink when the botscreen suddenly collapsed in a flash of light and the heavy door swung open.
Monthan Dringoth stood there, in full dress uniform, along with another officer, a female Jump Commander whose name patch read Mbeki.  Her black skin glistened in the pale light of the hall.  Mbeki wore a small bone hairpiece, much like Queenie M’Bela’s in a way.  But her face was the same officially bland and impassive mask he’d come to know all too well over the last day.
“Commander, Cygnus just pulled in to Gateway.”  Dringoth’s face seemed almost avuncular, compared to the machine that was Mbeki.  Jeez, even URME can put on a softer look than that.  Then Golich had an idea…maybe she was an angel like URME, a swarm entity.  “I met Commander Mbeki on the way down here.  She’ll be your legal counsel, throughout all this.”
Golich sat down.  “I’m assuming there will be a captain’s mast.”
Dringoth shook his head.  “Sorry, no.  Commandstar has ordered a full court-martial.  Commander—I think this is your area.”
Mbeki spoke, her voice had an almost musical lilt to it, with an odd, halfway-annoying hiss at the end of each sentence.
“Commander, JAG’s following the book on this one, to the letter.  First, there’ll be a Board of Inquiry, with due diligence, discovery, all that.  Then a panel of judges will be formed to conduct the hearing.  I’m here today to take down any statements you want to make.  Basically, to hear your side of the story.  Captain Dringoth asked to come along and permission was given.”
Golich nodded solemnly.  “First of all, I’d like to know what’s happened at Byrd’s Draconis, Captain.  With the Twister.”
“The Twister’s operational,” Dringoth told him.  “Acth:On’e worked with local Guard and Byrd’s people and brought it online a few days ago.  And not a moment too soon, from what I hear.”
Golich was immediately intrigued.  “Something up, Captain?”
Dringoth was vague.  “Just rumors, really.  Scuttlebutt.  There’s talk the Bugs may be making a move on the Urth-Sol system, this time stream.  But I’m afraid you won’t be part of it.”
Golich looked at Mbeki.  “What’s going to happen to me, Commander?”
Mbeki never looked up from her slate.  “Right now, the evidentiary tribunal is looking at the charges.  Formal charges will come from that.  Commandstar has appointed TACTRON as the convening authority.  He’ll have to approve all formal charges.”
Golich sank back into the pillow and closed his eyes.  “Then just send me back to T-119.  I was just trying to change something in my past.  When I did that, it changed everything and made it worse.  At least, there I was a hero.  I could make a life there.”
“And here you’re a deserter,” Dringoth said coldly.  “That’ll be up to TACTRON.  And the panel of judges.”
Mbeki said, “In point of fact, Commander Golich, Time Guard has access to all your actions and decisions across all time streams.  It’s all part of your service record.  The Board of Inquiry will be working with TACTRON to determine which violations are most serious.  That’s what I want to go over with you today.”  She held out a small tab.  “It’s all right here.”
Dringoth decided it was time for him to leave.  “I’m due back at Hawking Ops.  T2’s holding a briefing for all division jump staff.  Commander, for what’s worth, I see this whole matter as a terrible waste.  You were a damn fine officer.  Nobody knows temporal tactics better than you.  Nobody knows Cygnus and jumpship systems better than you.  You were respected by your peers and showed unfailing leadership and courage in dicey situations…what just happened in T-119 is proof of that.  But you went and threw it all away.  Why?”
Golich slowly opened his eyes.  “Permission to speak freely, sir?”
Dringoth nodded.  “Go ahead.”
“Captain, I’ve been asking myself that ever since I skipped out on Byrd’s Draconis.  I don’t know—” he held his hands out to examine them, looking at the creases of his palms for something, an explanation, something that made sense.  “It’s no secret you and I have had our differences.  Frankly, Captain—” here, he knew he had to be careful around Mbeki—“there were times, like our First Light mission, when I thought you were reckless and careless with the lives of the crew.  I thought you’d probably get us killed someday, just to prove how courageous you were.  Sir, I felt you had some kind of complex, like you were trying to show the galaxy you weren’t like your father, you were better, you could make the Universe do what you wanted and you didn’t care who got in the way.”  Golich sprang up and sat on the edge of his bunk, examining his hands as if they were alien appendages.  “I had to get out.  I needed a change.  Kisan Malakel offered a new life.  Oh, sure, I knew what I was doing.  I knew what Malakel was.  When I learned he had his own jumpship, I knew here was my chance.”  Now, he buried his head in his hands.  “I just needed to change something…like stopping Amanda and Kylie from dying…just to go back and start over—”
Dringoth felt a faint stirring of sympathy, seeing his XO reduced to this kind of sniveling lump.  “Commander, you know the regs about causality violations.  Every Time Guard officer and enlisted person takes the same oath…we’re all accountable for our actions, in every time stream, every worldline.    If we don’t take that oath seriously, it’s chaos.  Paradoxes on top paradoxes.  That’s why only Time Guard operates jump ships.  That’s why to be a time jumper, you have to know what you’re doing, know how to react, how to think.  Everything you say and do has consequences.  And those consequences are going to play out somewhere, on some worldline.  Time jumpers know all this.  That’s why we have our rally cry, ‘Tempus regit!’  Time rules.”
Now Mbeki gently intervened.  “Captain, perhaps the Commander and I could have some time together…to go over his record, review probable charges—”
Dringoth glared at both of them, then just shook his head.  “Damn waste, that’s what this is.  All that Time Guard has invested in you, Commander, all of that’s now down the toilet.  It’s a shame and you threw it all away yourself, Golich.  I’d like to help, but—” With that, he nodded at Mbeki and backed out of the cell and was gone.
Mbeki cleared her throat.  Re-positioned her bone hairpiece and necklace and set her face just so.  She sat down at the tiny table in the corner.
“Very well, Commander, perhaps we should just start at the beginning.  Time stream T-001.  You’re just a raw, fresh-faced jolt, just commissioned out of the Academy.  Your first mission was….”
But Golich wasn’t even listening.  Her words were just vibrations in the air.  He found his mind wandering off to other times and places…serving as a time jumper did that to you.  Flitting in and out of voidtime, surfing across worldlines, jumping from one time stream to another…no wonder jumpers were so messed up.  
The hell of it was that the only way he could have prevented Amanda and Kylie from dying was to mess up everything else in the Universe.  Pull this string here and the whole fabric of spacetime over there unravels.  The game was fixed, it was rigged against him.  Action and reaction, down through the eons, from the Big Bang to right now.  
He heard Mbeki’s voice reciting the details of his missions, the whole panoply of his service record and answered automatically, perfunctorily, as needed, watching her out of the corner of his eye as she recorded his answers.  But his mind inevitably drifted back to T-119 and then further back to his days as a skyship pilot with the Service, drifting like a cloud over the trackless wastes of the Sand Sea, communing with the clouds and the dust devils and the occasional arachtyl screeching by, just him and his ship and the great dirty brown bowl of K-World’s dusty sky.
He never even noticed when Commander Mbeki silently closed up her slate, glared at him with barely concealed disgust—I am trying to help you, Commander-- and backed out of the cell.  The door closed with a clang.  The botscreen barrier flashed and went up and Nathan Golich was alone, but not really there in C-18B.  Maybe time jumpers did have one advantage over ordinary mortals.
They could scoot across time streams with a single thought and be anywhere at any time with a snap of a finger. No court-martial or JAG proceeding could take that away.  
Nathan Golich had the faintest hint of a smile on his lips as he drifted off to a dreamless sleep.
That which is lost cannot be found…until it is discovered….

It was dark, late, the only light a single glowstrip in the corner, when Golich awoke with a start.  Noises, voices, commotion intruded on his world.  The botscreen collapsed in a flash and the cell door slid back.  Glowstrips glowed brighter, too bright, and he covered his eyes.  
Monthan Dringoth stood there, alert and glowering, two officers on each side.  Commander Mbeki was behind them.
Golich didn’t recognize the officers.  He struggled up to an elbow.
Dringoth’s face wore his I’m in charge look.  The Captain’s face.  “Get up, Commander.  Get your things.”
“What is…what’s going on?”
“This…”  Dringoth tossed a small cube onto the bunk.  Golich picked it up, studied Dringoth and the officers.  The Captain indicated with a gesture he should activate it.  Golich did.
Instantly, the cell was filled with a 3-d vid of a briefing.  Dringoth was there, TACTRON, even Commandstar at the end of a table.  Officers he didn’t know.  A T2 officer was running the briefing, his voice was coming up, Golich strained to hear it, caught snatches, it didn’t make any sense….
“…incursion in sizeable strength…near Sedna Base…Sentinel Net’s been destroyed…Urth-Sol activating UrthShield to Level 1…Alliance staff evacuated to emergency jump stations….”
Golich blinked, looked up.
Dringoth explained.  “T2 has multiple sources and indications showing a massive push by the Bugs toward the Urth-Sol system.  They’re slipping out of voidtime right on Urth’s doorstep, Commander.  This is it.  This is the Big One we always expected.  The heartland is under assault and all jumpships are being mobilized, even ships drydocked and undergoing refit.  Cygnus too.”
“But what about—”
Dringoth cut him off.  “Commandstar’s put the court-martial on hold.  Call it a temporary pardon.  I need a full crew and I told the brass that included you.  There’s no time to train anyone else.  They’re releasing you, Golich, releasing you for duty.  You’re in my custody.  Get your stuff.  We’re powering up for a jump in two hours.”
Golich was still confused but gathered his meager belongings as if on auto.  He followed Dringoth out into the hall.  Guards and sentrybots lined the hall but no one made any move to stop him.
They had labelled him a deserter and a traitor but that didn’t matter now.  What mattered was duty and mission.
Urth and her system were in the crosshairs of the Coethi and even as he hurried down the hall behind Dringoth and a bevy of officers, buttoning his tunic and stuffing his shirttail in, Nathan Golich knew it was bad.  
T2 had said the forward edge of the battle area was just inside the Kuiper Belt, a few billion kilometers from the inner system.  The question now was could Time Guard put enough firepower, enough jumpships and heavy weapons in place to slug it out with the Bugs and drive them off, drive them back into voidtime.
Golich hustled after the Captain, realizing that, even in the age of time jumpers, the Universe didn’t grant second chances or do-overs very often.  
A deserter and a traitor…with a temporary pardon...

Nathan Golich’s eyes popped open, hoping for a change in scenery.  Nope.  Still inside the belly pouch of giant fish, submerged with Acth:On’e in freezing water.  
Acth was still asleep, or at least his eyes were closed.
First TD and the mission on this backwater was his second chance.  There was still time for a do-over.  
All he had to do was rescue Major Dringoth from a race of talking and heavily armed fish.
And do it before the Bugs obliterated the whole place.  
Chapter 9

Inside the Coethi Mother Swarm
Location: Unknown
Time: Unknown

Charley didn’t know if what she was seeing was real or not.  ALBERT had been ramping up the games and sims lately to help her with voidtime syndrome so it was getting harder and harder to pin down reality and make it stand still.  Config Zero…or something, was inside her mind.  She knew that much.  It was so hard…hard to describe anything, to put words to the feelings, the memories, the sensations.
It was fantastic.  It was sexual.  It was like nothing she had ever experienced before…yeah, ALBERT may have outdone himself on simulations this time.  That’s what this had to be.  
It was her own memories mingled with racial and species memories of the Bugs—that was the best explanation.  Memories of the Coethi from their earliest days surviving the crash of the Chinese seedship on a world that would come to be called Horus, then to the evolution of the surviving bots into a proto-swarm that would replicate itself over and over again, expanding exponentially and would in time leave the homeworld in a frantic diaspora caused by the supernova of their sun….
Memories came rolling in like waves on a beach…the problem with being inside a swarm being, Charley Meyer figured, was that you couldn’t taste hot dogs being grilled on a campfire.  And that sucked.  
She really didn’t know how she had gotten here.  She had a memory—did swarm beings like the Bugs even have memories? —there had been an endless field of waving, undulating plants, like a corn field, only it wasn’t corn.  When she looked closer, she could see that the corn was actually composed of trillions of tiny bots, a whole field of bots.  A whole planet of bots.  When she walked through the field, the bot-plants parted like corn stalks, but little poofs of them drifted up and she soon saw she had a rooster tail of dust behind them, identifying the path she had taken through the field.
Then she had come to a small lake, barely a hundred meters across.  There was a small white wooden footbridge across the center of the lake.  And, not unexpectedly, she saw a small whirlpool churning alongside of the bridge piling, right in the middle of a lake.
What else was there to do but jump into the whirlpool?  If this was a dream, that was the logical thing to do, wasn’t it?  So, being amphib, she jumped…
And wound up here.  ‘Here’ was actually a place of strong, good-feeling memories.  ‘Here’ was one of the good places. 
It was the old fishing camp and cabin at Ford’s Creek.  It had to be ’05, maybe ’06.  Her granddad, Chase Meyer, had often brought her here for long weekends in the summer and fall, when he’d finally come back from that fish world.  Trout and bass and all that cold running water that burbled down out of the Rockies made Ford’s Creek a special place. 
She knew this place.
Now she was inside the cabin.  It was late, well after midnight.  She was supposed to be in bed, in the top bunk, of course, with her amphib brother Luke and neighbor Archie below.  There were others in the bedroom too, but she didn’t know them and they were sound asleep anyway.  
Somehow, like a well-rehearsed routine, she knew what she was going to do before she even did it.  Trains ran on tracks and memories followed tracks too.  
Charley shimmied quietly down the ladder from the top bunk and padded across the hard wooden floor to the bedroom door.  She cracked it open, crept out into a darkened hall and made her way toward the living room up front.  There were voices there and some laughing and chuckling.  Cards were being dealt.  It was the grownups and their poker game again.
Charley stopped at the end of the hall and peered around the corner.
A fire guttered in the chimney, mostly smoke, but no one paid any attention.  A small rickety table was set up next to the fire.  Chairs had been pushed aside to make room for the table.  There were cans and paper sacks strewn across the floor.
Someone burped real loud and Charley had to stifle her own laugh.
Grownups, really--
Five men were playing poker around the table.  One was her Granddad, tall, fringe of gray hair around a mostly bald top, red flannel shirt not tucked in, his weathered, rough hands fanning out the cards to study his draw.  There were others too: Hugh, Roy and Todd.
The fifth man sat with his back to Charley.  The low lights and the flickering flames of the fire cast deep shadows across a broad set of shoulders.  He never turned around, and Charley took to calling him the Shadow Man.  She didn’t know the Shadow Man’s real name.
“Come on, Roy, you in or out?”
Roy was stocky, white-haired, ruddy-faced, in fact he had a pig’s face, Charley had always thought.  His lips tightened and he slapped a few cards down on the table.  
“Yeah, I’m in.  I’ll see your five and raise you five.”
Todd tossed a few chips into a growing pile.  “I’ll call.”
Charley’s granddad did the same, but added, with a mischievous wink, “I’ll see your five and raise you twenty.”  He tossed a handful of chips in the pile, which had now become a small hill.
The Shadow Man said nothing at first.  Then, with no words, he tossed his own chips in, all of them.  In a low, almost inaudible voice, he said, “See…and raise fifty.”
That raised eyebrows around the table.  It even gave Charley a chill.  Not what the Shadow Man said but the way he said it…like a hiss, almost, like a snarl.  The Shadow Man talked like Charley figured a talking grizzly bear would talk: guttural, menacing, hoarse and deep.
Who was this Shadow Man? she wondered.
Then, almost as if he were answering Charley’s question, the Shadow Man spoke again, just like a grizzly bear playing cards.
“I never bet less than the house.”  It was a kind of an explanation.  The Shadow Man must have had a winning hand; he’d bet everything on that hand.  More raised eyebrows.  
“Sure, whatever you say,” muttered Roy.  He didn’t look up, but continued fiddling with his own cards.
Charley had about a million questions.  Was this fishing camp real?  Did I actually jump into a lake on a planet of bots?  Am I dreaming?
“You’re not dreaming,” the Shadow Man bent forward, toward Chase Meyer.  “I saw the look on your face.  You’re wondering how any hand could be that good.  My hand is that good.”
No one argued with the Shadow Man and the game went on.  As she hung by the corner of the hallway door, Charley tried to take in everything she saw.  She knew it all had some kind of meaning.  
Slowly, piece by piece, even as she watched her Granddad play a poker game with Roy, Todd, Hugh and the Shadow Man, the memory of who she was and what she had come to do came back.  
A light flashed…ALBERT again?  Or another memory triggered…Charley recalled being outside the Inuit village of Nanatuvik once, in Alaska and seeing a man shuffling through the snow as he approached.  The man was short, dark-skinned, enveloped in a heavy qaspeq parka and hood, with bone necklaces rattling around his neck as he approached.  An angel?  One of ALBERT’s simulations?  It was hard to tell.
The man spoke something, though Charley couldn’t hear over the whine of the wind.  She realized the man was Nanatuvik’s angakkuq, the shaman.  He was gesturing at something in the sky.
Charley looked back over her shoulder.  It was late afternoon, with the sun low, but already she could make out the shimmering veil of the aurora borealis hovering over the distant mountains.  
The angakkuq approached Charley and stopped, placing a hand on her shoulder. 
“The peril of our existence lies in this fact: we eat souls.  Everything we eat has a soul.  All things have souls.  If we hunt and fail to show respect for the souls of our prey, the spirits will avenge themselves.  See in the sky…the Old Woman of the Sea is already disturbed.  In the days to come, we must be careful.”
With that, the shaman ambled off toward a nearby hill.  
Charley Meyer knew she had her work cut out for her.  Already she had enough intelligence about the Bugs to reason with them.  She just had to find a way to use that knowledge. 
Mostly she hoped she could block the Central Entity from executing the Prime Key.  
Maybe, somehow, in ways she could now only dimly perceive, she could block the Prime Key himself.
That old shaman was right, she told herself.  She would have to be careful in the days and weeks ahead.
Now it was time to get to work.   The Shadow Man had told her, in ways she couldn’t really explain, that she still had an important mission to perform.
Other memories flashed into her consciousness like dying fireflies…like when she’d been an amphib child.  One of her best friends had been the human Sonya Inamura, with whom she had been in several grades in early school and Net Tutor classes.  Sonya was part Asian and lived with her parents in the above-surface sections of Keenomsh’pont.  They were in class together…Net Tutor Levels 1 through 4.
Charley liked Sonya because she was adventurous, as was Charley.  One of Charley’s most memorable experiences occurred in May 2110, when she and Sonya managed to sneak aboard a tourist subskimmer docked topside at K-town—that’s what the locals called Keenomsh’pont.  Somehow, they had managed to get the little submersible craft powered up and unmoored.  They recklessly managed to navigate out into one of the departure lanes, where they collided with a commercial sub.  The skimmer’s hull was holed and they sank to a small ledge below the surface. Then they were buried in a mudslide. With water rushing in, Charley knew she would be okay as an amphib but Sonya was an airbreather.  
The skimmer’s treads and props were inoperable and she was stuck for several hours on this ledge below the surface.  Air, water and food ran low and the girls had to await rescue, from below, as borers tunneled into the slide and rescued all.  Charley remembered being on short rations and all the songs, like “The Rains of Muir”, and stories the girls told themselves as they passed time waiting for rescue.  Eventually, the skimmer filled with water.  Not a problem for Charley but she had to buddy-breathe for Sonya…taking a breath herself, expelling it into Sonya’s mouth, then another breath for herself. It was a memorable experience for young Charley.  Through it all, Charley had to deal with rising panic in Sonya and her own fears as well.  But she learned that she had a pretty cool head and could rely on her wits and instincts in tight situations…a useful bit of self-knowledge for the years ahead.
Like now.
It was all quite clear now…the supernova, the diaspora, the Imperative.  For the Coethi, the Imperative of Life compelled them to grow and expand.  Ultimately, they had to unite all world-based instances of life, life which they themselves had seeded, into a giant, galaxy-spanning swarm.  To the Coethi, this was the Imperative of Life itself.  The Imperative was that life absorbed chaos from the Universe and added structure or order.  Life was anti-entropic.
Just as the angakkuq had told her.
Another light flash…maybe ALBERT running game sims again, trying to help my voidtime sickness.  That was the prescription, wasn’t it?  Provoking and stimulating memories…what is this: a grand tour of my life?  
Or is it something else?  My God, I hadn’t thought about my circa in years…but here it comes now—going places no sane amphib would ever go.
On her fifteenth birthday, in 2105, Charley had been given a special present by her parents Kentrak and Erika.  Among Earth-born Amphibs, the old Mexican custom of the quinceanera had long ago been adopted as a rite of passage…the old Seomish custom of the ke’tuvish’tek, the Circling, no longer being possible.  Some Seomish parents and some Amphib parents still practiced a variant of this, called a circa, in which the soon-to-be fifteen-year-old female traveled from pole to pole, either in the Atlantic or the Pacific, collecting specimens, and afterward, upon successful completion, becoming a woman.  
Kentrak and Erika wanted Charley to do this and she was sent to a special school in Keenomsh’pont to prepare.  The training lasted six months.
On her birthday, Charley set off on her circa, heading north first to the Arctic Circle.  Thus, began one of the great adventures of her life.
Charley set off on her Circa with a great sense of anticipation and excitement.  Soon she would be able to pursue all her great dreams, once she finished the ritual.  
The Circa lasted nearly one full year and was a genuine test of Charley’s endurance and resourcefulness.  She was not allowed a kip’t and had to travel under her own power at all times, even though she occasionally hitched a ride on the backs of whales.  During this period, Charley had a lot of time to think and as she circumnavigated the Atlantic from pole to pole, the philosophy that would underlie her future was formed.
Only one major crisis occurred during the Circa and it came shortly after Charley had crossed into the southern Atlantic.  Traditionally, midlings completing their Circa were allowed free passage through territorial waters unless they enter restricted zones (which were rare and well-marked) or unless they stopped for long periods at any one place.  Their position and progress were monitored closely from border to border.  They also had to steer clear of special zones marked by the humans, such as oil rigs and territorial fishing waters. 
Once in the south Atlantic, Charley turned to follow the great curve of the Mid-Atlantic ridge, as an aid to navigation.  While en route and remembering her earlier experiences chasing the whales, Charley decided to try something: she wanted to see if she was strong enough to reach the bottom of the abyss.  Near a section of the mid-Ridge just east of St. Helena Island, she tried and was successful at withstanding the painfully high pressures, though not without a case of cramps. When she ascended again, though, she found a Ponkti patrol squad waiting.  They wanted to know what Charley was doing and would not believe her explanations.  It seemed that the Ponkti were conducting secret research in the area and they were suspicious of visitors.  They took Charley to a monitoring post not far away for questions and after a few days, they satisfied themselves that she was not a spy, which they knew anyway because all kels provide all other kels with an advance listing of who was on the Circa.  Charley was released to go on her way but with a sour taste about the Ponkti and a suspicion of them that would last.
The rest of the Circa was uneventful (Charley did spot more pods of whales) and she returned to Keenomsh’pont a full month later, tired but happy.  She was a new person upon her return, an adult now, with a stronger sense of purpose.  After the ceremony of return, Charley consummated adulthood with the male of her choice, in this case, a childhood friend named Tulko kim. Later, she was pleased and intrigued by a present offered by her parents: a trip through the Atlantic Farpool, a sort of learning vacation, to a time of ancient Earth.  Completing this trip would complete the last of her schooling and it appealed to her sense of adventure as well.
She met Reynaldo Diaz on that trip.
It was pleasant enough, these rolling waves of memories.  Whether triggered by ALBERT and his game simulations or not, it gave her a chance to re-examine her life, re-arrange things and come to new understandings.
Hey, maybe the Coethi are doing this?  That thought made her more suspicious than ever.

After the jump, Rey and Sandy worked with URME to figure out where they had jumped to.
Sandy was shaking his head at Omt’or’s navigator station.
“ChronoNav is all messed up.  It doesn’t have a clue.”
URME had assumed a more or less normal configuration, hovering behind the Aussie’s head like a shadow.
“Perhaps we jumped into the Coethi swarm,” he said.  “We could be right in the middle of the formation…what are you seeing with ChronoNav?”
Sandy shrugged, threw up his hands.  “Nothing that makes any sense.  No worldlines.  No entanglement state vectors.  No convergence angles.”
“Is that thing working?” Rey asked.
Sandy ran diagnostics.  Green lights flashed across the board.  “Everything checks out.  It’s like we’ve jumped to some place outside of time and space.  No measurable time stream out there.”
Rey chanced a peak out a nearby porthole.  There were lights, perhaps stars, but they were winking on and off and that shouldn’t be possible in space.  “Maybe URME’s right.  Inside the Coethi formation, who knows what we’d see.”  Rey got up.  “Forget it for now.  We’ve got more important things to attend to.  Both of you come with me.  We’ve got two sick patients to work on.”
In sickbay, Charley and Carrie were still securely ensconced in biofields, which flickered with twinkling lights as the barrier bots grabbed atoms to maintain structure.
Rey decided, “We start with Charley.  URME, you’ve got the right configuration for an insert?  We’re going to have to battle what’s inside her head directly.”
The para-human confirmed his config status.  “C-76 loaded and ready.  All I have to do is slough off a few bots and make the injection.  I’ll be doing the driving.”
Rey was impatient.  “Get to it.  Let’s’ go.”
The oddity of doing a medbotic insertion in the middle of a vast interstellar swarm of Coethi wasn't lost on him.   
"Okay, URME," Sandy patted down the incision Max the medbot had just made in the side of Charley's skull.  "Subject's prepped and ready."
The Aussie handed Rey the injector tube, attached by hose to the containment chamber.  "Steady even suction.  URME ready to fly?"
The para-human came back, "Ready in all respects."
"Vascular grid?"
"Tracking now.  We'll be able to follow the master just fine.  URME will replicate once we're through the blood-brain barrier."
"Watch for capillary flow," said Max, standing off to one side.  "When her capillaries narrow, your speed will increase.  And viscosity will stay up."
"Like slogging through molasses.  URME’s already discharged his bots, inerted and stable…ready for insertion."
The insertion went smoothly enough.  A slug of plasma forced the replicant master into Charley's capillary network at high pressure.  Rey got an acoustic pulse seconds later and selected Fly-by-Stick to navigate the system.  A few minutes' run on its propulsors brought the inserted bots to a dense fibrous mat of capillary tissues.  The image soon appeared on Rey's IC panel.  
"Ready for transit," he told URME.  "Cytometric probing now.  I can force these cell membranes open any time."
URME used his acoustic coupler to sound the tissue dam ahead, probing for weak spots.  "There, right to starboard of those reticular lumps…that's a lipid duct, I'd bet a hundred bucks.  Try there."
URME steered his inserted bots into the vascular cleft of the membrane.  He pulsed a carbene grabber to twist the cleft molecules just so, then released the membrane lipids and slingshot himself forward.  Seconds later, the Unit Reserve Memory Entity called URME was floating in a plasma bath, dark, viny shapes barely visible off in the distance.  The plasma was a heavy viscous fluid.  URME tweaked up his propulsor to a higher power setting and took a navigation hack off the vascular grid.  
"Ventral tegmentum ahead.  Just past the mesoencephalic nucleus.  Looks like we're in."
URME navigated through the interstices of Charley's brain for the better part of an hour.  He had programmed the inserted bots to send an alarm when they encountered any kind of unnatural activity…especially assembler maneuvering or replication.  If there were any remnants of bots left in her brain, he wanted to be ready.  
At 1824 hours, the cavalry sent the alarm.
The imager screen was at first murky, crowded with the spikes and cubes of dissolved molecules.  Lumpy, multi-lobed sodium molecules darted across their view like shadowy ping-pong balls.  Rey and Sandy studied readouts from URME's sounder…something was there, hidden in the data traces on the scope.  Rey fiddled with the gain on the imager, tweaking it, subtracting foreground clutter.
Something approximately sixty nanometers in one dimension, narrow with a globe structure at one end…and scores of probes, effectors, cilia, whatever.  Incredible mobility…triple propulsors beat an idling rhythm as URME closed in….
Rey let out a whoop.  "Will you look at that?"
Sandy came closer, squinted at the vague, fuzzy outlines on the screen.  "Coethi, mates.  A whole colony of them.  A welcoming committee, it would appear.  Come to see what we're about."
URME's fingers flew over the interface controls.  "We're about to check this joker out…" Quickly, he signaled his inserted bots to prime their defensive mechanisms, and slowed its approach to a crawl.  
Reconnoiter first.  He remembered a line from Sun Tzu, the wargames last spring….
He who is skilled hides in the most secret recesses of the earth.
Under URME's guidance, the bots maneuvered among the jostling molecules of chlorine and sodium and potassium.  A huge kinked snakelike cluster of hematite molecules drifted by.  URME had an idea.  He signaled the bots to grab a few hematites as a shield.  Seizing oxygen atoms with their effectors, the bots clutched several molecules.
Gradually, the shape and size of the Coethi device became clearer.  Bristling with effectors and arms, it looked like a miniature Apollo Lunar Module.  The head was a multi-lobed cluster of spheres and hexagons; inside the churning electron cloud dimmed out any detail.  
Below the head was a cylindrical sheath, covered with pyramidal facets and undulating beads of proteins - the assembler's probes and effectors.  Rey was frankly awed at the sight.
"So many different kinds of effectors," Sandy marveled.
Indeed, the horde of Coethi assemblers were rigged out like battleships, with devices for every conceivable mechanical or chemical action.  A baseplate capped one end of the sheathed body.  The tail structure was dense thicket of fibers, each tipped with penetrator clusters.  The penetrators enabled the bot to attach to and enter any structure.
URME brought his bots to a complete stop.  The hairs on the back of Rey’s neck bristled.  Something wasn't quite right, but he couldn't put his finger on it
“Sandy…what do you make of this?"
The Aussie engineer was amazed at the images URME was returning.  "I've never seen so many effectors.  Amazing.  That probe for instance--" he fingered a dark, indistinct structure to one side of the nearest device--"looks just like a saw.  And that--I believe I recognize…I'll be damned--"
Rey had seen it too.  "Sorting rotor?"
"That's what it looks like."  At Sandy's request, URME fiddled with the resolution, managed to tweak the view even sharper.  Dim outlines became clearer.  "A segment of a sorting rotor.  Cam-driven with carbene grabbers and--" he squinted down at the imager, adjusted his glasses "--looks like--yep, diamondoid follower rods.  "Probably process upwards of several hundred thousand molecules per cycle."  Sandy shook his head with grudging respect.  "Neat workmanship.  But I'd bet my aunt Emma's life savings that bugger's not part of the original Chinese template.  This is new."
Rey was growing uneasy.  
"Just what exactly are you saying?”
"Simply incredible."  Sandy pointed out the dendritic branches of nearby nerve cell tissue.  "Artificial nerve stimulation, gentlemen.  I'm sure of it.  Coethi’s inserted itself into Charley’s brain, fought off her defenses, then reconfigured itself as a sorting rotor.  Now it's sitting alongside her synaptic clefts like a circus performer, pumping dopamine back and forth on command.  Or more likely, according to a program stored in its processor.  What you're looking at is in vivo stimulation of artificial nerve impulses according to programmed nanobotic control.  Simply incredible."
Rey paled at the implications.  "Is that what's infected her?"
Sandy shrugged, tugged at loose hairs on his red beard.  "Impossible to say.  Maybe Coethi evolved from its original Chinese design to do this, just scramble the works…pump useless molecules of whatever its assembler brain decides…maybe formaldehyde or something…into the post-synapses.  Your central nervous system seizes up and shuts down…death in minutes, if not in seconds.  But the more likely probability--now that I see the bastard up close in a living victim--is more frightening.  Charley’s suffering from overstimulation.  Synaptic signals are being generated in her hippocampus…artificial memories.  God knows what she’s going through in there.  
URME pulsed his bots’ propulsors, maneuvering in for a close-up look.  
Sandy just shook his head.  "Fantastic engineering, if it's what I think it is.  Acetylcholine, dopamine, serotonin…the possibilities are endless.  Synthesize enough of the right molecules and inject them across the synaptic gap here.  You're basically in control of a nerve impulse."
Unnoticed by anyone, the swarm of Coethi mechs had begun to re-orient themselves tail first toward URME’s bots.  Their tail fiber penetrators quickly reconfigured, locking into attack position.
He is who is skilled in attack flashes forth from the topmost heights of heaven.
Out of the corner of his eye, Rey saw the maneuver on the imager.  
"Look out!" Sandy saw it too.  "He's changing position…all of 'em, coming at us--"
"I'm ready," URME muttered.  His fingers flew across the keyboard.  Instantly, his bots brought all defensive mechanisms to attack position.  Hematite shields were cast off and the small swarm closed for battle.
Sandy was stunned.  "What the hell…it thinks --"
"We’re some kind of intruder," Rey said.  "URME, get closer, grab one of those jokers for analysis--"  
As URME’s bots sped forward, Coethi grew and retracted appendages and surface structure with blazing speeds.  The outer membrane of the mech seethed with motion, as atoms and clusters of atoms twisted, bonded, twisted again, rebonded, broke apart, recombined, straightened, undulated and whirled.
The gap between them vanished and URME grappled with the nearest mech.  Other mechs swarmed to the battlefield.
Across from Charley’s bed, Carrie suddenly spoke out loud, her voice rose and fell, repeating strange incantations in a shrill tongue.
Rey was stunned by the speed of the assault.  A battalion of Coethi soon engulfed the bots.  URME’s own local config brightened as he struggled with control of his tiny soldiers.  No time to replicate now…got to get free…signal daughters…URME fired off a burst of instructions to gather all the daughters he had replicated going in.  It might be too late.
The imager screen shook with the collision, then careened sideways.
Several minutes passed.  The imager view vibrated with the ferocity of the attack.  Chains of oxygen molecules, pressed into service as makeshift weapons, whipped across the screen.   The water was soon choked with cellular debris.  Coethi replicated several times, adding new molecule strings.  It stripped off electrons to make an armor shield of highly reactive chlorine atoms.   In seconds, URME’s army was immobilized by the chlorine sheath.
"I can't hold structure!" the para-human yelled.  "I'm reconfiguring…shutting down peripheral systems!"
Rey had taken a place beside URME at the interface controls.  "Got to disengage, URME…emergency truncation.  Everything not critical.  We've got to get your guys out of there before we lose them!"
"I'm trying…but the damn mech's penetrated the signal path…if he cuts the link…."
"I know, I know…just keep trying, Jesus…internal bonds on main body structure weakening…we’ve lost all grappling capability…."
As they watched, Coethi systematically dismantled URME’s bots, molecule by molecule.  URME was woefully unprepared for the assault.  With ruthless efficiency, Coethi mechs whirred and chopped every device URME could generate.  URME tried to counter, replicating probes, inserters, jaws, cilia, pumps, blowers--but it was no use.
The Coethi mutated too fast.  Somehow, the mechs seemed to anticipate URME's every move.
Rey was awed by Coethi's combat capabilities.  "Incredible," he whispered.  "The perfect warrior.  Must have a hell of a processor."
Sandy agreed.  "Probably quantum, just like URME."
They were all stunned at the ferocity of Coethi's response.  
URME had no choice but to disengage to save the master.  Extract before the master replicant was chopped to pieces and leave Charley to the Coethi devices.
"We're losing signal strength!” Rey yelled.
"I see it!  Bugs’ve penetrated the matrix.  Main processing functions in danger…I'm counterprogramming…."  URME pecked madly at the keyboard.
Rey shook a fist at the imager screen, now a dark, swirling mass of shapes and forms.  "Come on, damn it!  Come on…."
But URME couldn't hold.  Every move was countered by the nanomechs.  Coethi's response was swift and sure.  Rey and Sandy watched in amazement and horror, as one by one, URME's capabilities--fine motor control, attitude and orientation, propulsors, sensors, molecule analysis, replication--were rendered inert, or completely excised.
The inserted swarm was helpless.
"Got to get the hell out of Dodge," Rey muttered.  While you still can.
Sandy was checking status.  "It's bad, URME.  We've got no electron lens.  No enzymatic knife.  Hardly any effector control.  They’re crippled."
URME’s own config brightened and flashed angrily.  If he had had teeth, he would have gritted them.  "Not just yet…"  His fingers flew over the keyboard.  "We've gotta get some data…got to probe that bugger, get some structure on him…if I can just get stabilized--"
"URME--there's nothing left to stabilize--"
Charley's prostrate body shuddered and convulsed.  Rey held his breath…behind the frothing outlines of the assault, the imager showed swarms of Coethi mechs beating back through her cranial plasma, ready to resume their mindless pumping of dopamine.  A low moan escaped her lips.
In the other bed, Carrie Ndiko started shaking.  Low moans escaped her lips and unintelligible incantations trilled higher, louder.
Despite all odds, URME wasn't about to give up.  Grimly determined, he piloted what was left of the horde back for another wrestling match with the enemy.
"Whatever this thing is," he swore to himself, "it reacts like me.  They’re just bots, same as me."  He worked the config controller, while Rey managed status, crossing his fingers that the  master replicant would hold together.
Extend a grappler there.  Poke a carbene there.  
While Rey and Sandy helped hold Charley still, URME tried to disengage, scrunching up an atom group as he tacked against the churning plasma, closing steadily on the nearest mech.  Inside a few dozen nanometers, he siphoned off the mech's outer charge and let the zap break him away.
Reams of bond energy data and config details burst onto the imager.  Sandy let out a yelp.  The enemy mechs had given up vitals on structure and URME snatched the info right out from under him, storing it, pulsing it back to the IC's.
"Now, I gotcha, you little bastard--"
Rey and Sandy knew URME had to get away while he still could.  Coethi swarmed forward at the same time Charley convulsed again.
They couldn't hold her down.  "Neural seizure, URME…Coethi's eating her alive…"
Sandy felt helpless.  The Aussie cradled Charley's pale face, watching the onslaught on the imager screen.  "Damn mechs have gone berserk…they're shredding neural tissue…flooding synapses--" Charley jerked and spasmed violently, arching her back so far, her spine cracked.  Startled, Sandy fell back and stumbled, scrambling away from her twitching body.
At the same time, URME was determined to get his horde out of her skull before he lost the assemblers completely.
"Executing quantum collapse…NOW!"  Come on baby, get small for me…get real small….
Deep inside Charley’s brain, the master replicant collapsed what was left of its own structure in an explosive puff of atom fragments.  Base, effectors, probes and grapplers, even the core shell surrounding its nanoprocessor, went hurtling into the plasma in a big bang of spinning atom parts.
Instantly, the bots disappeared.  To all intents and purposes, URME’s tiny army had effectively vanished in a cloud of blurry quantum waves.
Less than four minutes later, making its way on quantum wave propulsors, the master replicant was finally extracted and re-inserted into URME’s base configuration, its nanoprocessor still dogging electron states to bring the nearly invisible device home.
One minute later, Configuration Zero and the Coethi triggered a new memory trace inside Charley’s mind….

Well, I’ve got some really mixed-up thoughts about all this. My head’s like a swamp.  I can’t make sense of anything now.  
Reynaldo’s gone.  Emigrated.  The Great Exit and all that.  I’m down a few notches about that.  I guess I loved the beefjerk bastard.  We had something there, I’m not sure what exactly.
By any normal standards, maybe it wasn’t love that kept us together.  It started out as respect, then slowly graduated to fond courtesy, with occasional excursions into admiration and sympathy and once, fleetingly, a frightening descent into tenderness.  But never love.  No, it wasn’t love…couldn’t have been.  No way.
I didn’t go with him.  I never could have gone with him.  Reynaldo’s got a hard head.  I mean, that’s how he became a world-class midfielder, a megaballer for God’s sake…until the Purple.  That undid everything…and not just for us.
We sort of had dreams.  Or maybe it was just me and I projected my dreams into his head.  But we talked a lot.  Vacations…more Farpool trips.  A place on the beach…I know a great spot in the Bahamas.  Even Bermuda would have been okay…one of those pink condos on the southwest bluffs, looking out over the ocean.  And we would have been close to Keenomsh’pont, close to Muir City and my Omtorish friends.
But I don’t think any of that was ever in his head.  It was in my head.  But what was in my head never made the crossing to his head.  We became like a slight navigation error in the Farpool.  One wrong flick on your flow vanes and kapow!  You’re somewhere you never really wanted to be.
Like now.
No, I couldn’t have done the Great Exit thing.  That’s not me.  I know what Purple’s done to the humans, the airbreathers.  The land topside is decimated.  Cities and farms flooded, deserted.  Pirates looting everything in sight…I got a glimpse of that when we made a small nav error in our test jump from Seome.  I don’t know…maybe the worst part is the continents of bloated bodies, all jammed together, floating around in the middle of the ocean like detached islands.  
And then there are the Ponkti…and their allies.  The Ponkti are the worst scum and it doesn’t matter if they’re here on Earth or back on Seome.  They’ve either allied themselves with some of the other kels or coerced them, and now they mean to drive the Omtorish to extinction and have the Earth’s seas to themselves.  
Believe me, the irony isn’t lost on me.  The Sea People came to Earth eighty years because they had to.  They emigrated—some of them—because their sun was blowing up in a supernova.  They had no choice.  Now, with the Purple and the Ponkti and the Chinese, and millions of dead worldwide, the humans are doing the same thing…crawling all over themselves like scared rats and trying like hell to get off this dead world as fast as they can.  While they still can.
Makes me sick.
There’s a big battle coming.  Everybody knows it.  The Ponkti and their forces are gathering and it’s only a matter of time before they show up at the Muir seamounts and issue their ultimatums.  I think the Omtorish will stand and fight.  I hope they’ll stand and fight.  Maybe they just need a little more backbone…Maybe….

Below the waves, circling around the foundation and the outer vortexes of the SPACETRAIN farpool, Charley Meyer had finally come to a hard decision.  As fast as she could pull, she headed back to the breakwater and the steps up to the Paseo.  On Calle Vortice above the promenade, she messaged for an autocab to Quito, using her Farpool pass as payment.  
Two hours later, now in the capital city, she left the autocab at Mariscal Sucre hyperport and purchased a hyperjet ticket to Bermuda.  The flight lasted two hours, with two stops…Miami and New York.
Once she had reached Bermuda’s L.F. Wade International at St Georges, she rented a jitney and sped over the hills and narrow twisting lanes of the island to Great Sound Beach, to a marina she knew about, other side of Hamilton harbor.
From the jetty, ignoring the curious stares of outside diners and early evening strollers, she ditched her Farpool uniform and went full commando.  She did a racing dive into the cold waters of the Sound and headed north, descending, sounding off the Mid-Atlantic Ridge off to her right to get her bearings.  It had been awhile and she couldn’t run the risk of getting lost…or running into a Ponkti fleet assembling.
Unerringly, feeling more and more that this was the right thing to do, she headed north by northeast, for the Muir seamounts.  For Keenomsh’pont and what was left of Muir City, ready to man the barricades if she had to.
Ready to defend her people from the coming onslaught.
But when she got to the City and climbed dripping wet onto the lower promenade, she was met by someone she never expected to see.
Her granddad Chase Meyer.
Or was it really him?

This can’t be right, she told herself.  Chase Meyer on the promenade at Muir City…the place hadn’t even been built in his time.
Someone was triggering a memory of something she was sure had never happened. 
But I’ll play along like it did.
“Hey—” she waved at her granddad, got his attention.   She loped over and they hugged tightly.  He smelled and felt like her granddad.  “What are you doing here?”
Chase Meyer beamed down at her.  “That’s so you, Charley.  Always asking questions.  Never satisfied.  Come on, let’s stroll.  It’s a perfect evening out, don’t you think?”
And it was.  The upper promenade deck that ringed Muir City’s top levels encircled the entire city at its highest levels.  Dozens of spires and towers emerged from the ocean all around, satellite cities and towns orbiting the City like so many planets.  Jetcabs and flyers and aircycles and zoomboards buzzed through the air, while a purple sunset stained the western horizon.  Below the promenade, a dizzying profusion of watercraft zipped and spun through the waves.  The sea seethed and hissed and foamed over the City’s wharves and breakwaters beneath them.  To the south, the faint glow of Bermuda a hundred kilometers distant was barely visible.
Charley looked up.  Only the sky was wrong.  It was all wrong.  
Instead of wispy clouds and twinkling stars, she saw instead a deep field of galaxies and nebulae and filaments of gas clouds.  Exploding suns popped like lights going out from one horizon to the other.  Black holes surrounded by accretion disks burned like hot coals.
This can’t be real, she reminded herself.
And in that moment, she realized that the thing that resembled Chase Meyer—her own grandfather—had to be a constructed image, something concocted out of her own mind and memories.
I’m walking with the central entity, aren’t I?   The controlling sentience of the Coethi mother swarm.
But the likeness was so real.  She wanted to believe.  But a small part of her said no.
“Why am I here?” she asked.
Chase Meyer placed an arm around her shoulders and drew her closer.  “Charley, you’re here because some part of you wanted to be here.  This is one of the good places, isn’t it?”
For a few moments, tears welling up in her eyes, Charley was overcome with emotion.  He—it—was right.  She had been thinking about Muir City recently.  And about its submerged part, Keenomsh’pont, below the waves.  
“Yeah, Grandy…this is one of the good places.  This is where I grew up.  But it seems…I don’t know, different in some ways.”
“Ah, remember this, child: that which is lost cannot be found…until it is discovered.  You came here to find something…something about yourself.”
“No,” Charley shook her head, slipped out of his embrace.  For the first time, she realized there were no other people on the promenade.  Normally, on an early evening like this, the deck would be filled with couples linking arms around each other, kids playing megaball too close to the railing, vendorbots hawking everything from autocarts.  But the deck was empty until…
…until, suddenly, it wasn’t.  People emerged from the shadows, almost as if they had materialized out of thin air.  Couples, kids, vendors, and pets all sauntering and strolling just like she imagined it should be.
And I did imagine it, didn’t I?
“Grandy, I came to Seome to save it.  To try to talk the Coethi into diverting away from this system, to protect their sun and their world, so millions wouldn’t die.  You did the same thing…once.”
Chase Meyer looked up, a sly smile on his face.  He jammed his hands in his pockets.  “So I did, didn’t I?  I met with the Umans, tried to stop the Time Twister from destroying their world and in doing that, I made it worse.  Much worse. I laid them wide open to obliteration.”
“I came here to do the same thing.  To keep the Seomish from having to emigrate through the Farpool…you didn’t live long enough to see what happened when so many emigrants landed in Earth’s oceans.  Wars, disputes, so many conflicts between the Normals and the Sea People.  And amphibs like me.”
“Oh, Charley, I was there.  Through your mother and father, through you and your brother and sister…I was always there.”
Charley considered that.  “Okay, maybe I haven’t made the best choices in my life.  I got into the Service, did jumps and all kinds of missions, saved lots of people and what did I get?”
“Voidtime sickness,” Chase said matter-of-factly.  “Charley, you’re a time jumper.  You of all people should know that no one can change what has to be.”
Charley said nothing.  This is all in my head.  I’m talking to myself.  I’m arguing with myself and losing the argument.
“Don’t be so hard on yourself, Charley.  The Imperative will be what it is.  The Prime Key will be executed.  Deep down inside, you know this is true.”
“The Imperative…that means you’ll continue driving through this sector, doesn’t it?  You’ll split the Alliance, Seome and her sun will be destroyed and millions will die.  A lucky few thousand will come through the Farpool to Earth and carry their conflicts to our oceans and the wars will come and the floods and the Ponkti will take over and everybody will flee in the Great Exit.  It’s like the timestream is set in stone.  I was—” she stopped abruptly and went over to the railing, peering out at the restless churning waves and whitecaps of the ocean below.  “—I was just trying to nudge the timestream a little.  That’s all.  To stop the fighting and keep so many people from dying.”
Chase had come over and put a hand on her shoulder.  It was no longer a warm hand.  Now it seemed cold and rough.  “That way lies only chaos, Charley.  It’s like finding a string hanging from your shirt.  You’d best leave it alone.  If you start pulling on it, it all unravels.”
Charley sighed.  She closed her eyes, willed herself to believe that he wasn’t Chase Meyer, her grandfather.  This was a machine.  A force.  Some kind of eminence.  Maybe she was actually arguing with the Universe itself.
She had a growing premonition that she had come to an inflection point in her life.  Her life with Rey and Charlotte.  And the sickness seemed to be taking more and more of her…maybe that’s all this was.  A flare-up of voidtime syndrome.  A synaptic symphony playing across her mind…what was left of it.
“I haven’t done what I came to do,” she said, as much to herself, for she couldn’t face her granddad any longer.  “I came to save Seome from destruction.  I came to divert the Coethi from absorbing Sigma Albeth and Seome as they advance.”
Chase Meyer forcibly turned Charley from the promenade railing and nudged her back into an easy stroll along the deck.  
“I wouldn’t worry about all that, Charley,” he told her.  “The Imperative drives everything.  We’re all drops of water in this ocean.”
Hearing that, Charley realized with a start that she had already made an important life decision.  She just needed to talk it out with Rey when she got back to the ship…if she got back to the ship.  
Then…in the blink of an eye….
Charley Meyer knew perfectly well, or at least she was pretty sure, that she was back somewhere inside the mother swarm of the Coethi—some called them the Old Ones-- but you couldn’t tell it from what she was looking at with her own eyes.  It looked like the old fishing camp again, the place at Ford’s Creek.  Same cabins.  Same aspen trees, now yellowing in some kind of strange simulacrum of autumnal color…it had always been autumn at Ford’s Creek.  
The camp seemed empty and deserted.  The cabins were dark.  The big stone fireplaces were cold.  No cars were around.  Then she saw movement out of the corner of her eye.  A single figure was sitting on the end of the dock, fishing pole in hand.  A man.  It was dark as midnight and no campfires illuminated the grounds.  The creek could be heard foaming and gurgling nearby, rushing out of the nearby mountains on its way downhill.  There were clouds scudding by overhead.  The moon was a white sliver.
With a start, Charley suddenly knew who sat at the end of the dock.  It was the Shadow Man again.
Without understanding why, she stepped onto the dock, listening as the weathered old boards creaked under her weight and made her way to the end.  
The man was hooded and his facial features were indistinct in the diffuse light of the dock area.  Charley figured this was surely the Central Entity, somehow now in human form.  First the Shadow Man.  Then Chase Meyer.  Then the Shadow Man again.  Without being invited, she sat down next to the Shadow Man.
For a long minute, nothing was said.  Charley wondered if she should speak first.  She had about a million questions.  Strange thoughts came to mind and she tried to blank them out but it was like trying to stop the creek with your fingers.  In her head, an image of old Mrs. Burns, her sixth-grade English teacher came to mind.  How did that get there?  Could the Shadow Man put thoughts in her head?  Was she even supposed to be having thoughts?  
Old Battleaxe Burns…now there was something she hadn’t thought about in decades.  Face like an angry pug with a corncob up its ass.  Five foot five inches of pure hate.  
When the Shadow Man spoke, it was like hearing a hundred voices at once, all coming out of a barrel.  Charley stole a glance out of the corner of her eye, wondering if the Shadow Man was an angel…were there any edge effects, any blurring at his fingertips, swooshes of flickering  bots in the air?
She saw none.
“Charley, you have an important mission to perform.  That’s why you’re here.”
Charley looked straight ahead at the rushing creek, foaming and hissing around rocks.  There was a swirling hydraulic near the opposite bank…some buried tree roots, probably.  
“Can you read my mind?  This looks just like an old fishing camp my Granddad used to take me to in the fall…but this can’t be real, can it?”
Now the Shadow Man lifted an arm and pointed to the hydraulic.  “Do you see the cataract there?”
“Yes, sir.”
“Do you see faces and patterns in the water?”
Charley squinted.  Try as she did, she saw nothing.  “Am I supposed to? I just see water.”
“If you look long enough, with the right eyes, you’ll see faces.  You are like the river, Charley.  Only patterns, ever changing, ever shifting.  In this same way, your thoughts are only patterns.”
“You said there was an important mission.”
Now the Shadow Man shifted slightly.  He turned so that he was facing Charley.  Only there was no face inside the hood.  Whether it was veiled or in deeper shadow, she couldn’t say.  Only a deep nearly featureless black was visible, maybe punctuated by an occasional flash of lights…it could have been a reflection.  It could have been the moon sliding in and out of clouds.
“Soon, you will be transformed, Charley.”
When her Granddad had brought her to Ford’s Creek as a child, the two of them often spent time sitting on this very dock, sticking their bare toes in the cold running water of the creek, trying to make patterns and faces and swirls and curlicues in the foam.  She always remembered how cold the water was, how it made her toes curl when she first stuck them in.
“Will this transformation be soon?”
“Very soon.  Those whom you know as the Old Ones are here, very near here.  You will help them in important ways.  You do want to help them, don’t you?”
Jeez, now this character is starting to sound like Dad.
The Shadow Man went on, turning back to face the river.  Silently, he stuck his feet into the rushing creek water.  The water burbled, just like it always did.  
Charley felt a cold chill down her back.
“But before you are fully transformed, before you begin your special mission, you must undergo some configuration changes.  They’ll be like adventures, Charley.  You always liked adventures.”
It was true.  Tom Swift, Jr.  Nancy Drew.  Amundsen and Scott.  Neil Armstrong and the first Mars colonies…she’d always loved a great adventure.  How did the Shadow Man know all this?  
“What kind of adventures, sir?”
“Their names and explanations aren’t important now.  In the past, you might have called them the Prime Key.  Are you ready for this, Charley?  The Old Ones hope you’ll say yes.”
Charley knew she couldn’t exactly say no but the problem was that she wasn’t sure just how much the Shadow Man really knew.  Spies and saboteurs lived their lives in a funhouse hall of mirrors.  Hadn’t some novelist said that once?  Never knowing who to trust, who knew what.  They wound up trusting no one, not even themselves.
She was starting to get a headache just trying to think about all this.
The real question was what would happen to her in these adventures.  Were they like tests?  The Shadow Man had called them configuration changes
It wasn’t a question she could ask of the Shadow Man.  
“Sir, where will these adventures be?  How will I get there?”
In answer, the Shadow Man placed a hand on Charley’s right shoulder.  It felt ice cold, a cold deeper and more painful than any she had ever experienced before.  
“Charley, there’s something I have to tell you.”
“Yes, sir…what’s that.”
“You’re going to have another child.”
Charley blinked in disbelief.  “I’m sorry…what did you say?”
At that same moment, the entire Ford’s Creek camp dissolved in front of her eyes and Charley found herself spinning out of control, hurtling at breakneck speed down a long, curving corridor….
Chapter 10

City of Ponk’t
Seome
778.9 Tk (Pre-ak’loosh Epoch of Tekpotu)
February 6, 2115 (Earth C.E.)

For Nathan Golich, the smell of the tillet’s belly pouch was a stench almost unbearable.  One-part putrid flesh, one-part sulfurous fumes, one-part industrial puke, even through the gelatinous mask over his face, he nearly gagged and vomited at the reeking odor.  Even worse was the ticklish, creepy feel of the air ‘faces,’ blowing and sucking air inside his mask.  It felt like several dozen fingers were rubbing his forehead, cheeks and chin.
Acth:On’e’s voice came through his mask muffled and soft.  “Lieutenant, there’s a small flap at the top here.  I think I can see out…there’s a membrane.”
The Telitorian squirmed and wriggled a moment, kicking Golich in the gut as he did so. 
“Yes…I can see a little from here.”
“What do you see?”
Acth took a moment to take the view in from his viewing slit at the top of the tillet’s belly pouch.
“We’re in a convoy of these sea cows, looks like.  There are a lot of them.  The whole line extends as far as I can see in each direction.  There’s some big structure up ahead, like a mountain or a rock outcrop or a cliff.”
“Any sign of our fish friends?”
“No, sir.  They must be inside the other beasts.  It seems the cows—the tillet, I think they’re called—know where to go on their own…unless someone or something is leading the convoy.  It’s hard to see but the water must be freezing…there are ice chips drifting right by.”
“Wonderful.  Keep watching,” Golich said.  “In fact, let me have a look.”
They switched places.   Golich squinted to see anything through the flap and slit.
They had traveled perhaps ten minutes or so when the sediment beds that had seemed to stretch to infinity dropped away abruptly.  The caravan then drifted out over a precipitous slope that fell below them into a deep canyon, buried under scores of beats of silt.  Slowly, they descended, the entire convoy now shepherded along by Ponkti prodsmen who had suddenly appeared out of nowhere, and Golich watched wide-eyed as the cliff inexorably gave way to a row of dim recesses in the rock face, cave mouths he presumed, all arranged in a ragged line across the cliff.
The prodsmen bore all of them toward one of the openings.   Golich and Acth switched places again.
It took a few minutes for Acth to adjust his eyes to the darkness.
It was more of a narrow tunnel, he soon found out, roughly rounded at the ceiling and, not unexpectedly, filled with baffles, false chambers and row upon row of slender metal cones lining the walls.  A stunning field, he surmised, to kill anything that got this far into the city.
The prodsmen nudged the pack train of tillet through several tortuous turns, then up to the edge of a long sloping ramp.  An oval of pale amber light glowed at the foot of the ramp and Acth saw a very large cavern down there, beyond it.
The soldiers nudged the caravan down the ramp, along with the others, and they came at last into the heart of the city of Ponk’t. 
Acth’s first impression was that they had somehow made a complete circle and returned to the open sea.  Yet it couldn’t be for here was life in greater abundance than he had ever seen before.  Dense, teeming, raucous and restless, the vast cavern teemed with moving shapes and shadows.
The light was low and vision was useless with so many people, but Acth, then Golich could both feel the size of the place.  Even as crushing as the mass of life was, they could still sense its spacious dimensions.  Contorting himself as far as he could, Golich found that even his wildest imagination didn’t do justice to the sight.
As the prodsmen took them deeper and deeper into the city, they passed through innumerable scent fields.  The presence of the pack train aroused considerable curiosity and the soldiers had to fight to clear a path at times.
They were taken to the very bottom of the cavern.  They drifted down through layer after layer of roaming citizens, through holds and berths made of sheer tissue that parted for their passage, then closed again, through squabbling em’kels and solemn lectures, prodigal feasts thick with the aroma of tongpod and ertleg, games of kong’pelu and tonkro, debates, sexual couplings, tuk matches, a fight and myriad other scenes.  
They followed the spine of a pillar that buttressed one wall, passing in their descent, hundreds of small, dark recesses, cavities, niches and hollows at every level, all of them full to bursting with kelke.  Golich, with Acth:On’e nearby agitating for a view, never grew tired of the extraordinary diversity of life in Ponk’t, even though they traveled for what seemed an hour or so.  Always, when he thought he had seen everything, another sight would replace it almost immediately and he would have to watch that too and study it.  And there was no way they could take in the entire pageant at a single glance; it was far too complicated, shifting, much too spontaneous for that.  All he could hope to do was see what came before him at the moment and let it leave whatever impression it would on his mind.  He couldn’t make sense of it now.
The convoy was bearing toward a group of canopies at the bottom, delicate pastel structures that seemed to drift slightly in the prevailing currents.  As they approached, Golich could see that the canopies were attached by cords to flat stone foundations on the cavern floor.  Hundreds of Ponkti streamed in and out from beneath them and the entire area seemed to be the focus of great attention.
“Where are we now?” Acth asked.
Golich shrugged.  “Hard to say.  We seem to be at the bottom of this big cavern, near a wall.  There are a hell of a lot of people flitting around here.  Makes it hard to tell what’s going on.”
Acth asked, “How will our rides know where to go?”
“Remember that Hablek fellow said they could smell airbreather folks like us.  I hope they know what they’re doing.”
Even as he watched through the slit, Golich could see shapes emerging from the tillet just ahead.
“There they are—the soldiers are climbing out.”
Golich shrugged aside long enough for Acth to take a look.
Several tillet ahead and behind their own had just disgorged Omtorish prodsmen into the water.  As Acth studied the scene, he saw the prodsmen move out and crisscross in front of some kind of recess in the cavern wall.
“What the hell are they doing?” Acth asked. 
Back and forth, the Omtorish prodsmen swooped and dove, eventually attracting the attention of a small guard force that hovered around a group of openings.  
“It looks like they’re trying to divert the bad guys away from those cave openings,” Golich said.  “And it’s working—”
Multiple passes and approaches soon forced the Ponkti guards to give chase, momentarily leaving their assigned posts.  Moments later, with the guards in hot pursuit of the Omtorish, Golich witnessed several more friendlies emerge from nearby belly pouches.   Quickly subduing the lone, remaining guard with a few zaps of their prods, the Omtorish quietly, surreptitiously entered one of the caves.  Golich had seen one of the Omtorish soldiers sporting some kind of web belt around his mid-flanks.  He scratched idly at the edges of his own air mask and wondered.
Out of sight of Golich and Acth:On’e, the recovery force quickly located their Tailless airbreather subject, mainly by scent.  Major Monthan Dringoth was encapsulated in a Notwater pod deep inside the cave.  Hablek was the first to reach him.
The Omtorish commander took the web belt from his soldier and extracted a mask of air ‘faces,’ similar to that worn by Golich and Acth.  To the visibly shaking and clearly frightened subject inside the translucent fingers of the pod, Hablek mimed how to put the mask on and activated.
Eventually, he got what he hoped was some kind of acknowledgment from the Tailless.  With airbreathers, it was hard to tell. 
Hablek shoved the mask into the tiny gap between the fingers of the Notwater pod, letting the fingers gently extrude the mask inside.  Dringoth fumbled with the device for awhile, tossed it away startled when the ‘faces’ started blowing air, puckering their lips and cheeks like so many plump children, then after encouragement from Hablek, managed to don and secure the mask properly.
Stupid Tailless, Hablek thought.  He studied Dringoth’s work carefully and decided it would have to do.
He’ll really buck and kick when I open the pod, Hablek told himself.
With help from another Omtorish prodsman, Hablek and the soldier touched their prods to one of the pod’s fingers.  Instantly, it shrank back and in so doing, created a small oval gap into which roared seawater in torrents.
Dringoth’s eyes grew wide and he shrank back alarmed from the flood, until in seconds, he was completely submerged.  He kicked and thrashed for a few more moments, before finally realizing that the puckered faces inside his mask were providing air under pressure.  Slowly, cautiously, he breathed the air in, wrinkling his nose at the smell, and nodded to Hablek, who had watched the entire affair.
The Omtorish then grabbed Dringoth and bodily pulled him through the remaining pod fingers.  Two of Hablek’s prodsmen took hold of Dringoth, buddy style, and maneuvered him out of the cave and toward the tillet pack train docilely drifting nearby.
Beyond the cavern wall, the masses of Ponkti continued their restless roaming and seemed to have no interest in what was going on.  Still, Hablek kept a close watch on the scene, fully aware that the guards would likely return to their post at any moment.  
“Place the airbreather in that pouch,” he indicated the belly of the tillet bearing Golich and Acth:On’e.  “Put them together.  And throw in extra masks.”
The prodsmen complied and soon the pack train was in motion, with the Omtorish having inserted themselves into the belly pouches of their own rides.  Acth kept a watch on what was happening through the slit while Golich tried to calm Dringoth down.  The Ultrarch-Major was shaking uncontrollably in the freezing water.
“Just breathe normally, Major,” Golich told him.  “Slow and easy…that’s it.  Yeah, it’s weird but those little faces are giving you air.  Don’t gulp…don’t gulp, just slow and easy….”
After a time, Dringoth had finally settled down and found his voice.  Muffled and scratchy, Golich could hardly hear him and had to lean close.
“Where the hell are we?”
“You wouldn’t believe me if I told you.”
Dringoth squirmed a bit, tried to take the mask off.  Acth:On’e reached quickly to prevent that.
“You need that, sir.  It’s an air mask.”
Dringoth made a face.  “Feels weird, like hands crawling all over my face.”
Golich said, “Those hands are little living air sacs.  That mask is what’s keeping you—and us—alive.”
“This must be a nightmare.  It’s worse than the Flux Tube at the Academy.”
They were quiet for a few moments, while unseen by the time jumpers, the tillet carrying them had rejoined a passing pack train, this one exiting the City, while all around them, Ponkti prodsmen and stunners were frantically looking for their missing captive.
Hablek’s little scheme had worked.
Dringoth finally settled back, still fiddling carefully with the edges of his mask, making odd faces and sounds from time to time.
“A living air mask.  I guess I misjudged these fish people.”
Golich agreed.  “We all did, sir.  After you went missing, we managed to come to an understanding with some of them.”
Dringoth was instantly alert.  “Understanding?  What are you mean?  You can actually talk with these fish?”
“In a way.”  Golich picked up an echopod that lay on the floor of the pouch.  “This little gizmo is really impressive.  It can translate all their clicks and squeaks into something we can more or less understand.  And do it in reverse too.”
Acth joined in.  “The Lieutenant here was able to convince some of the fish people to help us.”
Dringoth was increasingly wary of what he was hearing.  “Yeah, the Lieutenant is good at making deals with nefarious characters.  You’re still in my custody, by the way.”
Golich nodded glumly.  “Understood, sir.  We came to a sort of agreement with some of the fish…the good fish people, I guess you could say.”
Dringoth frowned.  “Agreement?  What kind of agreement?  And what’s going on with the Twister?”
Golich explained the arrangement he had made with Hablek and the Omtorish.  “Major, it seems this place is just as conflict-prone as Urth or any Alliance world.  They have different tribes or factions that fight each other all the time.  Our contact was a fellow—one of the fish people, I guess you could say a commander of sorts—named Hablek.  His people seemed to know where you had been taken and who was behind it.”
Dringoth’s face darkened, visible even behind the gelatinous mask.  “What did you agree to, Lieutenant?  Is this another one of your schemes?”
“No, sir.”  Golich described the agreement.  “The fish want the Twister dismantled.  I told Hablek we needed it to get some of our crew back—Charley Meyer and Carrie Ndiko, through the farpool the Twister creates.”
“Not to mention we need it to defend ourselves,” Dringoth said sourly. 
“We agreed on this, Major: the fish would help us re-build the Twister for a short time, then we dismantle it before we leave.”
“Leave?  You have orders from Commandstar to leave the base?”
Acth said, “The Bugs are apparently jamming us.  Or somehow messing up our transmissions and reception.  We haven’t heard anything from Commandstar in days.”
Now Dringoth was thoughtful.  He closed his eyes, tried to force himself to breathe normally.  It was an effort, when the living air mask seemed to be clawing at his face.
“We may well have to abandon this place.  “Any word from Captain Meyer?  Or Ndiko?
“None, sir.  We can’t raise them.”
The tillet flexed and shook and shuddered for a few moments, startling all of them.
Acth pressed his face into the tiny slit at the top of the pouch.  “Can’t see much outside.  I think we’ve left that big cave.  All I see is the back end of another sea cow ahead of us.”
Dringoth was already using his fingers to lay out the barest outlines of a plan.  “If we can’t raise them and we can’t rebuild the Twister, we may have to abandon this base.  When we get back—assuming we get back, we are being taken back to that island, aren’t we?”
Golich nodded.  “That was my agreement with Hablek.”
“When we get back, we’ll take stock of the situation.  The Twister’s got to be made operational.  The fish have to be made to understand that.  If the Twister can’t be made to work, this place is doomed and we’ll have to abandon it.  The Bugs are coming this way to split the Alliance, drive a wedge between the Urth-Sol system and Newton’s Jaw.  That’s what Time Guard Intelligence said…remember the briefing?  And if they manage to split the Alliance—”
Golich finished the thought.  “They cut off two-thirds of the Alliance…K-World, Telitor, Poona Peona, Hapsh’m, Landfall 4, all of them.”
The prospect of his homeworld of Telitor being cut off by the Coethi mother swarm brought pained wrinkles to Acth:On’e’s face.  “We can’t let that happen, Major.”
“I’m not going to,” Dringoth promised.  “But just the same, we’d better get Cygnus’ emergency reporting buoy ready when we get back, in case we can’t raise Captain Meyer…or Commandstar.”
The men were quiet for many minutes, each lost in his own thoughts.  It was an anxious, unnerving time, for no one knew for sure where they were going.  Perhaps, the fish people were taking them to their own home waters.  Maybe the fish people were planning on making dinner out of them.  Golich tried to put such useless thoughts out of mind, not always successfully.  He studied Dringoth’s face, behind the mask, for any clues as to his own fate.  He knew he was living on borrowed time, with a possible court-martial pending their return.  
Maybe saving the Major’s life will count for something, he told himself.  But even his own inner words didn’t convince him.
For Monthan Dringoth, being swallowed by some kind of glorified sea cow was almost as bad as the Encounter at Gibbons’ Grotto.
No, Dringoth told himself, the Bugs can’t be allowed to drive a wedge through the heart of the Alliance.  If the Twister couldn’t be made to work on this hellhole world called Storm, well then, there were other worlds.  Maybe Charley Meyer could do something, though Dringoth didn’t hold out much hope for that.  That amphib female was a dinosaur from another time, a simpler time.
First Time Displacement Battery would just have to re-locate to another position in the Lower Halo…Commandstar would surely approve of that.
To occupy time and keep from dwelling on the fact that he and Golich and Acth were now basically captives of talking fish inside the belly of a cow, Dringoth began mentally ticking off possible new deployment sites for another Twister.  
There was Gavrilon.  Or maybe Nanjiang.  Even Byrd’s Draconis might do, tucked away as it was in the Ross 154 system.  And while they were scouting new sites, he could get URME started on fabbing chronotron pods and other components for a new—
But his thoughts were suddenly interrupted by a furious bucking, thrashing and kicking of their ride.
“Hey!  What the hell--?”
The men were knocked about the pouch like loose stones being kicked, slamming into the walls, each other, odd ligament strands that no one wanted to touch.  The thrashing and hammering and convulsions and contortions went on and on, as something outside had frightened and enraged the tillet into back-snapping, whipsawing spasms, shakes and violent tremors.
The belly pouch shuddered, then broke loose and they sensed a brief moment of free fall, before the violence began again.  
The pouch slammed against something hard, then began a violent end for end tumble, making all aboard quickly sick.  Dringoth, Golich and Acth:On’e pinballed about the enclosure for several moments, then felt a strange tugging sensation as if something were pulling the pouch along.
That’s when Acth, trying to see out the top slit flap, realized something more dangerous was happening.
“Major, Lieutenant, this bag is tearing.  Right here—” he pointed to a growing seam at the top just alongside the slitted flap.  “This thing’s coming apart—”
Dringoth swore a stream of expletives.  “Swell.  And this water’s freezing my noodles off—”
The men instinctively withdrew themselves into curled fetal positions as the tumbling and tearing continued.  They were rocked and slammed and cartwheeled and spun without letup, once even clearly falling down a steep drop in a vertiginous, neck-snapping plunge that made Golich regret the T-rations he had had for breakfast.
Throughout the fall, the outer skin of the belly pouch shredded and tore and by the time the three of them had come to a crunching, bone-jarring stop, they shook themselves back to consciousness and beheld the strangest place they had ever seen.
The time jumpers embedded inside the pack tillet’s belly pouch had been swallowed whole by a rampaging seamother.   Now forced down her gullet, the pouch had come apart and they tumbled and rolled for what seemed like hours, only to find themselves deep inside the seamother’s digestive tract.
It was Acth:On’e who suggested what none of them dared to admit.
“Major, I think we’ve been eaten alive.”
“What the hell is this place?” asked Golich.  
They decided to climb out of the shredded pouch and check their surroundings.
Golich found himself trying to stand up on some kind of pinkish pulp mounds, which throbbed beside his head, beating in a weird rhythm with his own heart.  Between the mounds were stretched translucent veils of skin, ribbed with red and blue arteries, billowing back and forth with the same rhythm as the mounds.  A heavy arch of cartilage was dimly visible on the other side of the skin.
Dringoth shuddered and moved slightly, feeling his feet slide over wet, stringy cords. He looked down and saw muscle tissue—it could only be that.  They were inside this chamber, feeling trapped in the folds of tissue.  Each throb of the chamber only confirmed their suspicions.
Dringoth swore again.  “I think I’d rather be fighting the Coethi…than this.”
Acth was pale.  The Telitorian shivered.  “What do we do now?”
Dringoth tried to stretch out for some leverage but got nowhere.  Instead, the chamber started contracting, squeezing them all into painful contortions.  Golich hit his head on an outcropping of hard muscle, then nearly slipped into the crease between the mounds.  The chamber was now lurching, bending out of shape.  He struck the glistening tissue hard with his hand, inadvertently scraping one of the delicate veils.  Instantly, there was a deafening gasp, a whistling rushing sound.  Before he could recover his balance, they were raked with a fierce blast of air.
 The blast took their breath away and scoured the chamber clear of water.  Golich gulped for oxygen and cringed when trains of bubbles in his bloodstream pinched his nerves.  His vision blurred and he knew for sure where he was now.
Right in the belly of the beast.
How the hell does a K-Worlder wind up in a place like this?
Even as they struggled, the walls of tissue tightened around them.  Dringoth felt his vision was getting worse but he could feel the chamber closing in, contracting. 
“It’s the bends,” he told them.
 He felt dizzy and slashed at the muscle and bone, hoping to rupture the vessel so that they could somehow climb out of this stewpot.  One of the veils tore loose and wrapped itself around Acth, crushing the very life out of him and only after completely exhausting themselves, did Golich and Dringoth weaken its grip and manage to tear the skin away, feeling it shrivel in their hands as they did so.  Another blast seared them until it burned.  They hunted desperately for a way out.
“Look,” said Golich, pointing ahead.  “Beyond that shield of tissue.”  It spanned the mouth of a bony cavity, crinkled like cow hide and was marbled with loops and twirls of fat.   It seemed the only way out, the only protection from another blast of that foul-smelling air.  They all lunged for it at the same time. 
Golich took the lead and struggled forward, sliding over pulpy matter until he could press his shoulder against the membrane.  He shoved and found it tore easily.  The odor of damp tissue spilled out and Golich inhaled the humidity, wrinkling his nose.
“We can’t stay here,” he said.  He realized the cavity was their only hope of surviving.  The Lieutenant collected what breath he had left and dragged himself in, wincing as his hands scraped the edge.  Dringoth and Acth followed.
It was a short, dark length of bone, not even two meters—Golich found trying to talk almost useless in the confines of the seamother’s belly, not that there was much to discuss anyway.  He scrambled along the bone and found that it flared out onto a ledge of muscle.  Golich stuck his face carefully out of the canal and felt a welcome tingle of water lapping at the edge.  Still cold and salty, but a definite improvement.  He let the wave suck him into the pool, against Dringoth’s explicit warnings.
Golich floated for a few moments in a daze of fatigue, not caring where he was or where he was going.  The fish people had said nothing about this.  Reluctantly, muttering to himself, Dringoth came after, followed by the Acth:On’e.
A disturbance shook the waters and tumbled them.  A huge wave came up and they twisted in the curl of the wave to find the cause of the shock.  A huge stone was bearing down on them and they froze for an instant, horrified.  The time jumpers lurched out of its way just in time.
Now Dringoth looked all around.  The waters were full of debris.  Scraps of fish—they looked like makum, mostly, with occasional pieces of eelot and teng.  Other fragments of flesh and bone he couldn’t identify.  He saw what he thought was a section of kip’t rudder.  Shards of plastic.  Roots and branches.  And everywhere he looked: stones and more stones.
“Oh, I’ve got a bad feeling about this—"
Golich saw the hail of rocks just in time.  Thousands of them, some larger than he was, swirled and collided.  Even as he watched, another contraction jolted the chamber and more rocks were pumped in.  They spewed into the gizzard from an opening at the far end.  Not just rocks.  Every kind of hard-edged matter possible.  In the sheltered mountain valleys where it liked to feed, the seamother was said to strip off slabs of rock and eat them, to help her digestion.  In one of her stomach chambers, the rock was collected and thrashed to help grind the food into more digestible pieces.
The seamother was preparing to feed.
 Acth:On’e thought: What’s on the menu for today, old girl?
The water was turbulent with all the thrashing. The Umans were swept along by tides they couldn’t fight.  The gizzard was an enormous grinding chamber and the din of rock being pulverized was deafening.  First Golich, then Dringoth were struck often by sharp fragments and blood flowed freely.  Dringoth tried to protect himself but it was hopeless.  There was too much matter in the chamber.  It was only a matter of time they were ground down by all the rocks.
Acth spotted a tangle of branches drifting beneath them.  They hadn’t yet been broken up.  The Telitorian realized it was their best hope.  Calling the others to follow, he paddled hard through the thickening mush, nursing a badly torn arm and pulled the stems apart.  If he could surround himself in time….
One branch broke, then another.  A heavy chunk grazed his head.  He fought the stiff branches, clearing out a tiny space for himself.  Golich, then Dringoth watched, then copied his moves.  There wasn’t much time left; breathing was becoming difficult again and Acth gagged on the broth.  
Strong currents stirred the sluggish waters.  They were being pulled, sucked to one end of the chamber.  The weight of all the ground matter shoved them abruptly into the branches.  Acth screamed in pain as his arm was bent and shuddered with aching throbs.  The coarse bark of a branch raked across his face but he had no more strength left to do anything but grimace.  The spin was tightening and he clung desperately to the branches.
With a powerful rush, almost like a trip through the Farpool, tons of water and debris were forced into the seamother’s lower stomach.  The Umans found themselves completely enveloped in the maelstrom. 
They were battered and buffeted until all three lost consciousness for awhile.  The sheer mass of the gruel made the water hard to move through, dense and high pressure, a constant ache and exhausting to push through.  Dringoth’s lungs burned with the effort.  He came to gasping, on the brink of panic.  A cold knot gripped his stomach.  The mask seemed to be running out of air, the puckered ‘faces’ losing their bulge, one after another.  
Frantic, Dringoth scanned around, checking out the surroundings.  He had to get out of this, get to the surface—fast—or else--
It was a different chamber from the first.  Perhaps a second stomach.  There were no more stones to grind against each other and the silence was eerie.  The pulp smothered them inside some kind of branches, languid now and warm.  It rippled periodically but was otherwise still.  Like being buried in mud, Dringoth thought.  He heard a distant crackling sound and he found the water slightly acidic. It was getting worse.
Experimentally, Golich pulled apart the cage of branches that had sheltered him.  The water tasted stronger than ever and another moment of fear touched him.  He let it pass and dragged himself through the soft, moist pulp.
Vision was useless; the stuff was too thick to see very far ahead.  Much as he found it fetid and rank, Golich thought it best to try and follow the trails of a faint scent he could smell.  Otherwise, they were blind.  
With no better idea, Dringoth and Acth followed.
He picked out the strongest scent and stuck to it.  It shifted at times but he had no trouble picking it up again.  It was the strangest odor he had ever sniffed.
Golich tracked for a time, finding it hard to move through the pulp with any speed.  The scent grew stronger.  They stopped for a moment, to rub their arms and legs.  The water was acrid and their skin burned.  Acth rubbed it hard and felt the film that came off.  Pure salt, stinging and hot. It was itching like a swarm of mud flies.
The pulp grew more and more abrasive and seemed to be eating away at their skin.  Acth brushed something with his arm and jerked it back.  It stung badly.  Cautiously, he pushed at the object.  It gave slightly, then bobbed back, as though it were attached to something larger.  He probed further and felt a hard lining, probably the wall of the chamber.  A row of vesicles clung to a cord of muscle.
 He was about to turn back when the entire chamber heaved about and shuddered.  Instantly, the vesicles released their chemicals and the three of them felt the sting and flinched.  It was like a hundred prods discharging at once.
Acth convulsed and grabbed blindly for the wall.  The bath had scalded him badly.  The vesicles had burst open and sprayed their contents into the stomach.  Digestive acids.  Teeth like knives tore at his skin.
Dringoth’s feet went numb and the acids clawed at his hands and arms.  Needles ripped him and he felt paralysis spreading.  They had to find a way out of the beast, before they were digested completely.
One after another, first Dringoth, then Golich, finally Acth:On’e passed out from the pain.
When they came to, Dringoth felt himself cocooned in a wet spongy tube.  Jeez!  What the hell is that smell?  It smells like dead rats in here.  The air inside his face mask was growing stale too---it smelled like burned gunpowder and he found himself gasping and gulping.  Somehow, some way, they had to get to the surface soon…very soon. 
Dringoth struggled to sit up and found himself in a dark tunnel, a flexing and heaving tube-like tunnel filled with drifting balls of…something.  He had a brief thought—
No.  Hell no.  This can’t be.
Then the tube starting a cycle of heaves and contractions once more and he found himself tumbling along, end over end, pushed through by the soft, moist balls, cascading along deeper and further down the tunnel, like a train wreck about to go off the track.
How the hell do I get out of here?
He vaguely remembered imagining—perhaps hoping-- that the serpent was ascending upward, through the ice floes to stand on an infinite plain of polar ice…the ice cap of this crazy world, he figured.  Did I imagine that?
The thought came to him again and wouldn’t go away.  Hell, I’m in this beast’s intestinal tract.  And I’m about to be crapped right out—
There came a tremendous heave, a seismic quake that shuddered and shook and agitated and stirred and blended Dringoth and his ‘companions’ until the world turned upside down and suddenly, amazingly, he was out…outside…in a cold icy wind, tumbling down a small hill across the icescape, his companion balls tumbling alongside him.
But he was free!
Out of the corner of his eye, Dringoth saw two other forms, shadows really, then realized it was Golich and Acth, tumbling just as he was.
And, just in time, he ducked as one of the seamother legs, then her tail, swept across the ice with a squealing scrape.  The serpent lumbered off with surprisingly agility, soon honking and snorting and bellowing happily as she joined a nearby herd.
Dringoth ripped the living mask off his face and lay completely still in the freezing wind, gasping for breath, still trying to get his lungs started to take in some of the cold, dense, air.  Every breath hurt like crazy, stung like dirty razors dragged across his chest, but in time, each breath became easier.
He lay still, testing every body part, one by one.  Hands. Check.  Feet, check.  Face.  Sore, but check.
He was in the midst of this systematic inspection when the ice heaved again and shook.
Oh, jeez, not again.  He started to roll over and try to stand, but not ten meters from his aching face, the ice buckled upward, and a huge bulbous nose, a familiar shape, burst upward through the ice, shedding a blizzard of chips and shards, and came to rest, bobbing in the water.
A few meters away, Nathan Golich practically cried for joy.  It was the ship.  One of the kip’ts they had ridden in. 
And moments later, several familiar faces appeared beneath the canopy.  Hands waved and motioned them forward—hands attached to armflukes-- and Dringoth crawled as best he could, helped in the end by strong arms pulling him inside, into warmth and light and heat and a circle of smiling faces…Hablek among them…they were all there.
A new face mask was produced and attached to Dringoth’s face. Its interior ‘lips’ puckered and began blowing fresh air in his face. At first, he tried to fend the hands off, then relented, for the water was rising inside the sled as it submerged beneath the ice.
An echopod crackled and chirped at Dringoth’s feet.
“Shhkkreeah….qqkkllqq…you live…yes…air good?”
Dringoth realized he was alone inside the kip’t, with Hablek and a Seomish driver.  
“Where are my comrades?” he asked.  Golich and Acth:On’e were not inside with him.
Hablek tried to reassure him, after pulsing the confusion and concern inside the Uman’s gut.  Tailless…really….
“Qkkllppqqkk…your fellow kelke here…puk’lek have left—”
Dringoth eventually realized Hablek was talking about the herd of seamothers.  “I think one of them swallowed us whole.”
Hablek’s tiny slit-eyes seemed to crinkle with mirth.  “Kkkllqqcch…true is this.  Most not survive—”
Mediated by the echopod, momentarily oblivious to their surroundings and course, Monthan Dringoth began a strange conversation with a creature he had once regarded as a fairy tale, but one who had just saved his life.
“Are we heading to the island?  I have to get back to my unit.”
There were four inside the kip’t as it slid beneath the waves.  Hablek was driving, hooting and chirping at the ship’s sound-powered controls.  Behind him were crammed the three Umans: Dringoth, Golich and Acth:On’e. 
Dringoth studied the view outside the canopy as Hablek negotiated ice chunks and drove them deeper, into a gray, murky zone.  They passed several underwater cliffs and cruised over a vast field of rippling plant fronds, then the light level dropped off and they maneuvered in near-total darkness after that.
Hablek then turned his attention to the echopod, adjusting and tuning it to make translations clearer.  Dringoth watched.  Hablek was a male well over three meters in length, silvery white on the bottom and gray on top.  He had hind flukes and forepaddles and Dringoth could not take his eyes off the six fingers at the end of each paddle, which manipulated the echopod with surprising deftness.  Hablek’s waist was ritually scarred and sported a web belt with a variety of devices attached to it, including the fearsome prod weapon that the Umans had come to respect.
Hablek answered.  “GGhhqqkk…we go to your island…this is yes…inspect shield and dismantle wavemaker….”
Dringoth understood that Hablek was talking about the Time Twister.  
“The Twister is an area defensive weapon.  We need it up and operating, not dismantled.  Your soldiers damaged our weapon and it’s got to be repaired.  Time Guard’s sector strategy depends on it.”
Hablek thought about this for a moment.  He turned slightly from his control panel and tried pulsing the Uman commander.  The echoes were confusing, bubbles of anxiety and even blips of fear, if he was assessing the echoes right.
“The wavemaker hurts us, eekoti Uman.  Our cities suffer avalanches…slides…the shock waves pound us all the time.  This must zzhhzzhh stop….”
Dringoth watched Golich and Acth’s reaction.  Both seemed to shrug.  Dringoth explained, “There is an enemy…an adversary…you don’t know about.  A far enemy, beyond your seas, beyond your world.  We call them Coethi.  Or Bugs.  They’re like your mah’jeet…they swarm, many, many devices gathered together, destroying and absorbing everything in their path.  Your world is in grave danger.  The Twister is the only defense.  Even now—”
But Hablek interrupted.  He carefully considered Dringoth’s words.  “The mah’jeet are to be avoided.  They swell and shrink in season…we set our times by this.  The waters are great enough for us to avoid the mah’jeet.  We know their cycles…predictable they are.”
Dringoth said, “The Coethi are not predictable.  They’re sentient.  Intelligent.  Intent on destroying us…and you…for we interfere with their expansion in this sector.  The machine you call wavemaker…we call Time Twister…is what protects your world.”
Golich had a thought.  “Imagine if the mah’jeet were as intelligent as you.  Imagine if they moved and swelled unexpectedly.  Imagine if they came to your cities and threatened your people.”
Hablek seemed to understand better.  “Still, the wavemaker must stop.  The shock waves, the noise, the vibration…in this way, we cannot live.”
Dringoth said, “I need the wavemaker for a little longer.  There is an element of the far enemy very near.  I have to use my weapon to clear this element from local space.  I have orders to do this.”
Hablek said, “You also are a warrior.”
Dringoth said, “In a way.”  He explained about Time Guard, its organization, its missions, their training and the strategy.
Hablek found all this very interesting.  “I too am warrior.  Our kels fight all the time.  Especially the Ponkti…we travel in their waters even now.”
“Yes,” Dringoth acknowledged.  “We experienced your weapons and tactics.  Those prods, for example—” he indicated the slender rod attached to Hablek’s belt.  “Pretty nasty, that one.  You have other suppressor weapons…and you use those serpents in your attack as well.”
“The puk’lek…true this is…they can be deadly…this you experienced, no--?”
“I didn’t enjoy being swallowed by one,” Golich admitted.
“You are not the first.”  Hablek concentrated on changing the kip’t’s heading, barking repeatedly at some membrane-covered controls on his board.  Obediently, the kip’t heeled to starboard and began a slow ascent toward the surface.
“How do you organize your forces?” Dringoth asked.  He had decided to deal with this talking fish as one commander to another.  
To answer this, Hablek retrieved the echopod and adjusted something on the side.  “The pod explains…listen…”
A nasal, slightly twangy voice emerged, sounding like it was issuing from inside a barrel.  The Umans listened for a few minutes.
Golich said, “It’s like an encyclopedia—“

… The organization of the kel is the most important hierarchy of all.  Each kel differs slightly in certain details but major similarities remain.  
For simplicity’s sake, the House of Omt’or will serve as a good example.
Omt’orkel claims a line of unbroken, uncontaminated descent from Omt’or, Daughter of Shooki and from its First Mortals, Kreedake and Ponel.  Since descent is figured matrilineally, the eldest female of the kel is the nominal head of the family and thus chief of state, designated the Metahshooklet, or Metah (the One who lives in God).  In most instances, the Metah designates a younger person to take responsibility for major decisions.  In Omt’or, this choice is traditionally the eldest and most sexually productive female of the largest em’kel.
Each em’kel selects one male and one female to represent its interests before the appointed chief, who is called the Mektoo.  The combined assembly of em’kel representatives is called the Kel’emtah, or Kel’em (literally, the “family of the Mother”).  It meets once every mah in each city of the kel and all kelke (citizens, members of the family) have the right to petition the Mektoo at these gatherings for redress of grievances.
In general, each member of the kel is nominally related to everyone else, so questions of authority and patriotism seldom arise.  The lines of power and command are clear and based on age and blood.  Seomish law is officially codified in the mind and memory of the Metah, which the Seomish have learned to enhance through severe training and regular consumption of special substances designed to improve memory, called tekn’een.  These are drugs devised by Seomish chemists that improve recall and recollection and permit the application of considerable information to legal and judicial problems.  Only the Metah may take these drugs, which theoretically assure her infallibility.
Judicial proceedings against law-breakers are normally the responsibility of the Metah’s staff….
After listening a few minutes, Dringoth had a better understanding of how the fish people organized themselves.
“One big family,” Golich said.  “And like most families, they fight among themselves.”
Dringoth wanted to bring the talk back to the Time Twister and the Coethi.  He knew that the situation was grave.
“You must let us repair the Twister,” he insisted.  Then he added, “In my service, we have many orders and commands we have to follow.  The most important is General Order Number One.”
Hablek seemed confused.  “Who makes the order?  What is this order?”
Dringoth explained about Commandstar.  “General Order Number One tells us not to interfere any more than necessary with local time streams.  By damaging our weapon, you’re forcing us to violate this order.  The Twister must be allowed to operate…or the far enemy will destroy your world, your seas and all you know.”
This brought what Dringoth could only describe as a sort of frown to the Seomish commander.  
“Our great father Shooki will protect us.  It has always been this way.  For many mah, there has been talk of ak’loosh…you would say a great wave.  The End Time.  We Seomish are confident in Shooki…that he will save us, protect us, help us defeat our enemies.”
“I don’t think you’ll be able to defeat the far enemy.  Your weapons and tactics won’t work against them.  We struggle ourselves.”
Now Acth remembered something the echopod had told them.  “Your pod spoke of something called kel’vish’tu.  A great emigration.”
“Yes,” Hablek said, “this is also foreseen.  “Shooki…and the mekli who interpret His voice, have often spoken of ak’loosh…a great wave will allow us to escape the End Time…to travel a great distance to other seas. In this way, pakto Shooki protects and watches over us.”
Golich said, “It makes sense, Major.  This great wave…that has to be the farpools that the Twister creates.  Remember what Charley Meyer told us?  Remember your history?   The Twister has to operate to generate the farpools that create this great wave.  The Seomish—at least many of them--wound up emigrating through the farpools to the oceans of ancient Urth.  If the Twister doesn’t operate, that doesn’t happen and all this is destroyed.  It’s General Order Number One, staring us right in the face.”
Dringoth was sobered by what Golich said.  “And Charley Meyer is out there right now trying to divert the Coethi.  If she stops the Bugs from starballing this sun, this hellhole isn’t destroyed.”
“And then there’s no great emigration,” added Acth:On’e.   “That’s a pretty major violation of General Order Number One.
And we could all be court-martialed, thought Golich.  Ironic, isn’t it? 
But Hablek was insistent.  “The wavemaker hurts my people.  The wavemaker must be stopped.”
“This just makes my head hurt,” Dringoth ordered.  To Hablek, “Look.  We have orders to defend this sector.  I’ve got to engage the Bugs that are advancing on this world and drive them off…otherwise, the heart of the Alliance is wide open.  Help me re-build the Twister.  If we can drive the Bugs off, I’ll let you dismantle the Twister after that and we’ll get the hell out of here and you can have your Shooki and great waves.  After we drive off the Bugs, I don’t really care.”
To this, after a fashion, Hablek was agreeable.
But a day later, when the Seomish commander ran the kip’t up on Kinlok Island’s narrow spit of a beach, Dringoth found the tactical situation worse than he imagined.
URME and Ariel Levee were still struggling to finish repairs on the Twister.  It was plainly obvious they needed help…a lot of help.
Chapter 11

Seome
Kinlok Island
780.1 Tk (Pre-ak’loosh Epoch of Tekpotu)
February 12, 2115 (Earth C.E.)

For much of the next day, a council was held on the beach, between the crew of First Time Displacement Battery and Hablek and his Omtorish prodsmen.   Hablek and his soldiers stayed in their kip’ts, or cruised separately offshore through the surf.  A few brave ones donned mobilitors and staggered up onto the beach itself.  
It was a surreal time for a meeting between Umans and Seomish and Golich said so to Acth:On’e.   
“This isn’t right, Acth.  Look out there—”  he pointed to Major Dringoth and Hablek climbing into a Seomish kip’t, seemingly chatting away like long lost friends.  “Those fish freaks nearly destroyed the Twister.  As far as I’m concerned, they’re as much an enemy as the Bugs.”
Golich and Acth:On’e were huddled on the island’s narrow beach, staging chronotron pods for later installation.  Each pod retrieved had to be checked for operation, repaired as needed and stacked for the trip out to the Twister, now faintly visible through the ice fog on the horizon.
Dringoth had worked out a division of responsibilities with Hablek’s people.  The Seomish, not being airbreathers, would assess the Twister’s foundation, its tensioning cables and help install the chronotron pods.  The Umans—Dringoth, Golich, Acth:On’e and Levee, with help from URME, would re-build the controls hut and supply shed, check and test the entanglers and convergers, check all wiring and the power plant.
The Umans would also attend to the dangerous task of re-starting and stabilizing the Twister’s singularity core and its attached T-buffers.
“Perhaps the Major is just grateful for being rescued,” Acth suggested.
“Oh, no doubt.  I can’t say I enjoyed being eaten by a serpent, then crapped out like thermosaur poop.  But just look at them—somehow, the Major’s changed.  A few days ago, he wouldn’t have given those fish the time of day.  Now—it’s like they’re family.  I’m telling you, Acth, it’s not right.  We shouldn’t even be trying to re-build the damned Twister.  It’s a wreck.  We should be powering up Cygnus and getting our asses off this sewer planet before the Bugs blow this place into atom fluff.”
Acth helped carefully stack the checked and verified pods.  “We’ve got orders, Lieutenant.  We’ve got a mission from Commandstar.”
“What orders?  Nobody’s heard a peep from Commandstar for days.  Remember the last dispatch?  Commandstar was relocating to the other side of Time’s Peak, closer to the Urth-Sol system.  For all we know, there might be a truce.  We could have signed a friggin’ peace treaty with the damned Bugs.”
Acth snorted out a laugh.  “Not likely, Lieutenant.  Not very likely.  Major’s just following our last orders.  And besides, remember General Order Number One.  The time stream says the Twister has to be working and all its little farpools spinning when the balloon goes up and that sun goes out.  Speaking of which—”  The Telitorian craned his neck up, squinted through scudding clouds at what was visible of the sun.  “Does that thing look a little dimmer to you?”
Golich winced as he strained his back trying to hoist too many pods.  “Yeah, maybe.  Coethi have probably already pumped a few starballs into her.  It’s just a matter of time.  You said it yourself…the time stream says this place gets obliterated.  I’m hoping that doesn’t include us.”
“I don’t know,” Acth said.  “Maybe Major has changed.  Maybe he knows we need help.  He’s just following orders and we both know that Coethi formation was right on our doorstep. He wants to yank the bastards out of local space and time before we make our getaway.  Clear out this sector of Halo space.  If we don’t, the heart of the Alliance is wide open, all the way to Urth-Sol, all the way to Newton’s Jaw, maybe even the Rift.”
Golich helped Acth finish checking a recalcitrant pod with his T-meter.  “I don’t like it.  We should be packing up, not trying to re-build this piece of garbage.  It hasn’t worked right since we landed here.  And what the hell’s that crackpot amphib Charley Meyer doing anyway…trying to make right with Coethi.  That’s a great idea.”
“You know,” Acth said, “First TD is the Major’s first combat command.  I’m pretty sure he wants the mission to go well.”
“Yeah, using our backsides…so he can get all the glory.”
Acth was puzzled.  “Where’s all this coming from, Lieutenant?  You concerned about—” he shrugged “—you know.  That temporary pardon.”
Golich winced.  “Don’t remind me.  I’m not that stupid.  My ass is cooked, soon as this mission is over and the Bugs are pushed back.  After that—” he smiled a crooked smile, “it’s back to the brig for me.”
“So why do you want to leave, abandon this place to the Bugs without a fight?  Don’t you think a successful mission, pushing the Coethi out of Halo space, would work to your advantage as well as the Major’s?”
Golich shrugged.  “I want to live.  There’s just a chance the JAG people will sort of forget about the court-martial, you know?  I might get lost in the fine print.  Plus, there will be other missions.  Coethi’s not going away.  I guess you could say Dringoth and I are attached at the hip.  I am in his custody anyway.  He wins, I win.  He gets the glory.  I get a reprieve.  But let’s face it, Acth, Major Dringoth is just plain crazy.  Reckless with his crews and subordinates.  We all know that.   I’m not convinced that his plan will work out.  I’m not sure I can—any of us can—survive his tactics.  Glory is fine.  Getting a reprieve would be great.  But I’ll take living, even if I have to flee to some godforsaken asteroid in the backwaters of Urth-Sol, over following Monthan Dringoth off to the sunlit uplands of glory and acclaim.”
Acth:On’e had no answer to that and the two of them went on with the tedious task of checking and stacking chronotron pods on the beach.

Offshore, Monthan Dringoth had agreed to join the Seomish commander Hablek inside his kip’t for an inspection tour of the Twister foundation and tensioning cables.  The kip’t was filled with chilly seawater but Dringoth had a fresh living mask of air-blowing ‘faces’ and Ariel Levee from the Cygnus crew had fashioned a sort of goggles for the Major to protect his eyes.  
If I could just stop shaking so hard in this ice bucket, he told himself.
Hablek honked and barked at his controls and the kip’t responded smartly, submerging in the rough surf into smoother, ice-flecked waters off shore.  The kip’t turned about and made the eight-kilometer trip out to the Twister in only a few minutes.
Golich was right, though the XO had never discussed this assessment directly with Dringoth.  The commander of 1st TD had changed his mind about the Seomish over the last few days.  He had come to a more nuanced understanding of just how sophisticated and civilized the Seomish really were, something Carrie Ndiko had told him from the beginning.  Making liberal use of the adjusted echopod he was holding in his shivering fingers, Dringoth began to learn more and more about Seomish life and society.  
Hablek had asked about Dringoth’s background, about his family, and the subject intrigued the Major, for it was clear the Seomish were in many important ways one big, at times dysfunctional, family.
Dringoth remembered what the echopod had told them of the kels and how they were organized.  
Hablek tuned the echopod to tell Dringoth more, adding “the kels and the em’kels are our very life, eekoti Uman.  This is our family.”
“I’m not sure I understand the difference between kel and em’kel.”
Hablek said, “ZZhhsshh…you will.  Listen….” He activated the echopod’s encyclopedia function….

“…The em’kel is the basic subdivision of the Seomish kel.  It is a difficult concept to define because it is so broad and flexible.  Simply stated, an em’kel is any sub-grouping that considers itself distinct from the kel at large.
Em’kels can be based on virtually any distinction: occupation, theological agreement, sexual compatibility, age, preferred roaming waters, mutual interests of all kinds.  They form and dissolve constantly, gaining and losing members, but the underlying divisions by interest seem to persist through the ages.  Like-minded people congregate in any culture.  The durability of specific em’kels is remarkable.  Many of them are thousands of mah in age, having developed certain customs and traditions and possessing a collective heritage that ensures their continuance.  
An individual’s first exposure to the em’kel system is the mandatory five-mah membership in the oldest em’kel of all: the Kelk’too, or teachers’ em’kel, in effect, an Academy of Learning.  After leaving the Kelk’too, the Seomish child must select an em’kel to associate with, his first major decision.   He soon learns that the em’kel is his family, and that he is responsible to them.
If he wants to become a legal adult, and have the right to form and found his own em’kel, the Seomish child must prepare himself for the arduous ritual of the Circling, to be attempted on the occasion of his twentieth birthday.  Upon the successful completion of this rite of passage, most Seomish youth choose to change em’kels, to emphasize their new status.  
Essentially, the em’kel is so organized that everyone is about equal in stature.  It is customary to accord slightly more deference to the individual (or individuals) who founded the group.  There are rarely any terms of membership and no penalties upon leaving.  One may belong to as many em’kels as desired.  Many people prefer to give their allegiance to one, however.
Behavior in the em’kel is based on the fact that all members are equal and deserve love and attention and respect.  Personal problems, in matters of work, sex, health, are properly the concern of everyone and most em’kels hold regular meetings of the membership to air and discuss grievances.  These are called ke’teeoh.  Other topics that arise are items of discussion before the Kel’em and the Metah, matters of law enforcement and how to punish offenders, domestic matters of expenses, repairs, duties, disputes over the outcomes of games, blood relationships, roaming protocol and other projects and goals the em’kel has planned.  
Most Seomish em’kels maintain a home chamber, called an em’too, where the members live and spend time when not otherwise engaged.  Often, the em’too is the place of work as well as sleeping, eating, etc.  The average Seomish probably spends no more than 30-40% of his day in the em’too, preferring to get out and roam….”

Hablek interrupted the echopod with a question for Dringoth.
“You have your own em’kel, eekoti Uman?”
Dringoth thought about that.  “I guess you’re asking me about my family.  For Umans, it’s different.  How to explain this--?”  Dringoth then launched into his explanation of how he had come to be in the oceans of Seome, speaking directly into the echopod in his hands and trusting that somehow, some way, Hablek would understand.
“I guess I come from a family of classic overachievers….”
Dringoth had always been a lifer, a brat.  He came from a military family, as did many residents and colonists of Keaton’s World.  After a brief stint as a commercial ship captain with Keaton’s Transport and Storage, he had joined the Time Corps’ Timejump Command.  He needed something more than boring freighter duty from one world in the Keaton’s World star system (the sun was called Sturdivant 2180) to another, and to other worlds in the borderlands between the Lower Halo and the Inner Spiral (Centaurus Arm). 
Dringoth had always imagined himself a military expert and sought out experiences that gave some hope of bringing recognition, glory and fame.  He came from a family where his parents, Pyotr Dringoth and Natalya Dringoth, were famous in their fields of expertise.  Pyotr was a great explorer of backwater worlds and satellites in the outer system of Sturdivant 2180, which had some twenty planets and thousands of moons and satellites.  The only more famous person on Keaton’s World was General Oscar Keaton himself, who lead the colony-founding expedition (“First Fall”) to Sturdivant’s fifth planet several hundred terr before Monthan Dringoth was born.  Pyotr Dringoth was best known as the discoverer of the great underground ice labyrinth called the Hollows, part of the icy satellite called Gibbons Grotto in the outer system of Sturdivant.  This dwarf planet was hollow inside with thousands of kilometers of caves, caverns, grottoes, mazes and warrens.   
Monthan’s mother, Natalya Dringoth, was a biochemist and neuro-engineer, perhaps best known as the discoverer/creator of scope, a mildly addictive compound that had become essential for preparing Umans for mind uploading, a process known as The Switch.  
With two famous parents and some overachiever siblings, Monthan had to get out and left home for Frontier Corps at an early age, signing onto a freighter crew making the rounds of Sturdivant’s worlds.  Initially, a robotics’ mate, he worked his way up over a number of years into positions of command.  Ten terr after joining the Corps, he went through officer candidate school (OCS) (on Telitor, a nearby world of the star-sun Delta Recursa III). About five years after that, he was given command of small corvette called Lalande, which he skippered for another five terr, until a navigation error under his command caused the corvette to crash into a small asteroid in the Boru system.  Extensive damage to the ship led to an investigation and Dringoth was found to be negligent and at fault.  He was cashiered out of Frontier Corps.
About this same time, new developments in temporal science and engineering led to new technological breakthroughs allowing Umans to travel through time for limited excursions.  Not long after these developments, Umans learned of a new threat in the Inner Spiral and Lower Halo sectors of the galaxy.  A race of machine-like swarm entities called the Coethi had also developed a means of conducting temporal operations and were beginning to alter time streams around outlying Uman settlements in such a way as to eliminate these Uman settlements from ever having been established…changing the very nature of space-time and the historical record. 
Umans had to counter this threat immediately.  A new military force was set up, known as Time Guard.  
Monthan Dringoth, now cashiered out of Frontier Corps and trapped in a dead-end job on Sturdivant Eleven as a mining camp cook and bot repairman was immediately intrigued by this new development.  He plotted to join Time Guard, mainly as a way of getting off Sturdivant Eleven and making a name for himself, independent of his famous parents. 
He volunteered for service with Time Guard and signed a contract after spending nearly seven terr on Sturdivant Eleven.  After passing the physical, he was sent to recruit camp on Poona-Peona, where he nearly died in physical training, after a serious fall in the Escape and Evasion course.  But he recovered and did well enough as a recruit (known as jolts to everybody) to get out of Basic.  His first assignment was to Hapsh’m, where he served as a systems mechanic for a small detachment of time troopers, who rode special vehicles called jumpships into alternate time streams to hunt down, engage and destroy Coethi scouts and troopers, who were trying to alter the time streams….

“…and we’ve been fighting the Bugs ever since.  That’s what we’re facing, Hablek.  That’s the far enemy.”
The Seomish commander absorbed Dringoth’s talks and was thoughtful.  For many minutes, he said little and the two of them completed their inspection of the Twister foundation and the tensioning cables that connected the foundation to the casing at the surface.  Several Seomish workmen were drawing tight some loose cables and connecting them to their holds on the foundation.
Dringoth was curious.  “Hablek, one commander to another, you must have fought many battles yourself.”
Hablek said, “ZZhh true is this…kels fight all the time.  But there is one battle we do not fight…a battle that Tailless seem to enjoy.”
“What battle is that?”
“We do not fight against our own nature.  We do not fight against ourselves.”
Dringoth was puzzled.  “How do you mean?”
“Perhaps, in this…no words come zzhhkkllqq for me.  We accept as we are…here, we have shoo’kel and shoo’lee…you say perhaps love and life.  We keep our insides calm…to pulse another’s turmoil…these are bad echoes.  You fight to become what you are not and can never be.  We accept what Shooki grants us…pakto Shooki protects us and gives us life.”
Hablek’s words, halting, chopped up as they were, triggered something inside Monthan Dringoth.  Over-achieving parents.  Great expectations.  From somewhere in the back of his mind, he heard his father’s voice: grab life by the nuts and twist…that’s how you get ahead, Mon…that’s how it’s done….
“Hablek, I wish I knew more of your world.  I wish I could see how you live…how you raise your children and nurture them into adults.”
Hablek drove the kip’t back to the beach.  “QQkkllqq this can be…we talk of this more…yes….”
On the beach, then at the controls hut on the ridge overlooking the beach, Dringoth listened through gusty, howling winds to reports from Golich and the crew.  He heard their words and nodded understanding but it was Hablek’s words that stuck in his mind.
Dringoth was sobered with the realization that Seome—this hellhole sewer of a world that Commandstar had assigned to 1st TD, actually had a pretty complicated history.  It was sad in a way how riven with the conflict this world of talking fish really was.  He couldn’t help but think that maybe, just possibly, there were lessons, even tactical lessons, he could learn here, lessons that would make his star shine brighter before Commandstar.
And maybe other lessons, too.
Like how to get along with yourself.
Monthan Dringoth knew that dismantling the Twister, which he had agreed to do in exchange for Hablek’s help in repairing the weapon for use, would surely put Seome’s continued existence in real jeopardy.  He had tried to tell Hablek this, even as he fully understood that the time line said this was what had to happen.
But the Seomish commander was phlegmatic, even fatalistic, about the future.  
“Pakto Shooki will protect us from the great ak’loosh.  It is foreseen by the mekli priestesses.”
Dringoth wished he could believe that.

They had a big machine to repair.  And nobody knew, least of all Monthan Dringoth, if the damn thing would generate another Farpool or not. 
The Seomish and Uman repair parties began work, but their efforts didn’t always mesh properly.  Ariel Levee and URME had done what they could, while Golich and Acth:On’e rescued Dringoth.   Now, as Hablek’s kip’t nosed over the edge of the chasm of trench where many Twister parts had drifted down, Dringoth saw the sections of the Twister laid out like scattered pieces of a jigsaw puzzle on the seabed, slings and nets full of chronotron pods, mooring cables, foundation pads, all the parts that somehow, they had to put back together.
Not to mention raising the singularity engine from the bottom of a trench, the thing that powered the Twister.  It had toppled out of its tube and gone dark when the seamothers assaulted the Twister.
Straight away, the workforce set to work.  
For several days, they worked long hours.  Dringoth was everywhere to guide the process… only when fatigue set in and he could no longer keep his eyes open, did he relent and rest.  He slept every night, fitfully, in the back of controls hut.  But never more than a few hours and when he could no longer sit still, driven by the knowledge that so many were depending on him, he left the hut and sometimes roamed alone up and down the beach, just watching. 
First came the foundation pads, buried deeply in the seabed and supported by rock and anchors securing them to the hard limestone of the seabed plain.  After the foundation pads were in place, anchors for mooring cables were set back in place.  
Then, after the casing sections had been towed into place and fastened to their moorings, the sections had to be joined together.  Finally came the chronotron pods, rounded up from their holding nets and positioned on top of the Twister, the part that rose above the surface.  
After many hours of exhausting work, it was time for a brave crew, Umans in hypersuits and Seomish unprotected, to dive into the deepest part of the seabed trench and retrieve the singularity engine.
Nathan Golich decided that he would lead the crew.  
In time, the singularity engine was gingerly floated out of the trench and rose like a fistful of whirlpools up toward the surface. 
When the pallet broke the surface, it crackled like a lightning bolt, churning the seas around it for dozens of meters.  Yaktu had designed a hoist arrangement to haul the crate up onto the Twister deck and across its outer shell to the core tube at the apex of the huge dish-shaped structure.  The maneuver took several hours but when the singularity engine was unhooked and slid off its pallet into the tube, they all cheered, though their cheers were muffled from within hypersuits.  
The wormhole generator banged and slid down roughly into its tube, still crackling and hissing and was gone.  
Now, to make all the connections, Dringoth told himself, and turn it on.
While precariously perched on the slope of the Twister deck, some twenty meters above the surface, Dringoth took a moment to study his surroundings.  
It was clear that the light level had dropped considerably.  Seome was always cloudy but this was more like twilight.  The winds howled and the surf was rough, throwing ten-meter waves over the edge of the Twister deck. He couldn’t see Seome’s sun through the gray scud but, if this was midday—and there was no way to tell, really—then the amount of light trickling through had fallen off.  He knew what URME had just told them…that the Coethi had already done something to the sun and it might not survive long.  The Coethi starball weapon knocked stars off their normal sequence, sending them to their deaths, often by supernova if they were big enough.
And the effects of the damaged star-sun Sigma Albeth B on Seome were already well apparent to everyone.
Once the Twister was up and operating, it was past time to raise Captain Meyer and warn her crew away from the Bug formation.
Hablek struggled to hold on to cleats and other projections on the Twister deck.  Dringoth heard a muffled shout.  The Seomish commander was pointing through heavy surf.  Dringoth looked.  It was a seamother, several in fact.  Their slick gray-black humps floated like small islands, perhaps a few hundred meters away.  And, as Dringoth watched, they made no movement at all.
Hablek, clad in a mobilitor, dragged himself up to Dringoth’s level, near the apex.  “They’re dead, both of them.”  It seemed to be true.  There was no apparent life in the beasts.  “A sad time,” Hablek’s voice came through the echopod with emotion.  “They are magnificent beasts, even if dangerous.”  
If they don’t eat you first, Dringoth thought sourly.
The two of them clambered down off the Twister deck, submerged and returned to the work crew.

Re-building the Twister took several more days.  There were several fights, insults, brawls and there were days when Dringoth sensed that Hablek felt like something between a referee and a harried mother.  Comes with command, he thought.  But through it all, the Twister came together, the singularity engine ticked over in its core and, at last, the day came when the first startup test was planned.  Everything seemed ready.
A new control center of sorts had been rigged inside the hut.  Cabling to the Twister was run and the machine was ready to be powered up.  Dringoth drifted nervously about the control center, with his chosen startup crew, carefully selected to make sure no one was slighted or insulted.  He had become much more nuanced and sensitive to kel politics since working with Hablek and his people on the re-build.  
The plan was to perform the powerup and carefully monitor the results.  For safety’s sake, the rest of the crew had been ordered back several hundred meters, in case the Twister hiccupped or did something unexpected.  
Dringoth gave the word.  Power from a bank of batteries aboard Cygnus was applied.  The singularity engine was engaged.  Then on the Twister deck several beats above them, on the surface, the chronotron pods began to turn.
For many minutes, as the Twister spun up, the waters around the machine grew turbulent, crashing and foaming and bubbling as great forces were slowly uncaged and released.  The first vortex columns appeared shortly afterward and soon became white-hot, steaming caldrons as the pods jerked spacetime into their clutches and the waters flashed with immense, barely contained energies.  
Despite the return of the Sounds, Hablek was exultant.  “Pul’kel…” he whispered.  “Our first whirlpools…we’ve done it!”
Just then, a Sk’ortish weaver in a mobilitor popped into the control cavern with news of the results.  “Lost our first tillet,” he told them.  “She wandered into a pul’kel and vanished.  It works…it works!”
“The big question is the main vortex,” Dringoth said.  “The farpools.  I don’t know where they’ll form…or even if they’ll form.”
“We should send out scouts to look.”
“Good idea.”
A dozen scouts were rounded up and given the hazardous duty.  Dringoth gathered them around the hut entrance.
“The vortex fields are forming.  But I don’t know if the main farpool has formed yet.  We have to find it, see what it’s doing.”
“I’ll go,” Ariel Levee offered.  “I’d like to study this phenomenon, measure the angular momentum they produce, maybe some other aspects.  For our records.”
Golich started to object, but Dringoth overrode the objection.  “It may come in handy, Ariel.  We need to learn everything we can about the main farpool…how it forms, how it works, how stable is it, even what it smells like.  We may need all that.  But be careful out there.  All those vortexes, they’re treacherous.  Give them a wide berth…don’t get too close.  I can’t lose another of my crew.”
Levee quickly donned a hypersuit and the scouts were dispatched.  
Levee, who was Cygnus’ Defense Systems Tech, traveled with two others, both Eep’kostic natives, from the southern seas, both males, Koktee and Rokka.  They set out, skirting several smallish whirlpools dancing over the top of the trench like watery wraiths.  Currents were strong and confused; slipping through the tricky tides and waves and surges of the vortex fields took nimble swimming, strong flukes and judicious use of Levee’s suit boost.    
“There’s something strong up ahead,” said Koktee.  “Feel it…it’s already dragging us in.”
The three of them pulled hard to navigate through the battering of whirling columns of water, all of them spinoffs from the startup of the Twister.  Each vortex reached out in turn, clutching at them, knocking themselves sideways, upside down.  It was a tight squeeze,
“Watch out for that one!” yelled Rokka.  A massive tornado of water appeared out of  nowhere.  It seemed to split the sea top to bottom, twisting and corkscrewing like a thing alive.
Rokka and Koktee were too late.  Each was caught in the whirlpool.
“I’m trapped!” Rokka cried.  She whipped one way, then another, stroked as hard as she could, but it was no use.  The vortex squeezed and pummeled her and pulled her steadily into its spinning maw.
Koktee was no better off, though he was stronger.  They were embedded in a forest of whirlpools, new ones forming left and right, appearing and disappearing in seconds, as the Time Twister’s chronotron pods grabbed spacetime and yanked it.  The whirlpools were an inevitable side effect of the Twister’s operation.
For a minute, Levee thought Rokka would be able to pull free.   She slammed suit boost as hard as she could, trying to reach her.  Almost there…almost…but she couldn’t quite break free.  She couldn’t relax either; with every breath, the whirlpool column pulled her closer.
Finally, the wormhole won and Rokka disappeared in a flash into the core of the spinning, writhing tube.  Seconds later, Koktee vanished also.  Levee stared in stunned silence, then slowly made her way back to the island.

The post-mortem on the startup was grim and sober, held in the controls hut.  Among the Seomish, only Hablek attended.  The Seomish commander hovered unsteadily on his mobilitor feet, leaning first one way, then another.  Nathan Golich was afraid the fish commander would topple over.
They’re accustomed to being in water, not air and land, he told himself.
Dringoth read out a few memorial words for Koktee and Rokka. He pulled out a small tablet, its edges well thumbed, the screen gummy with residue. Hablek looked on, puzzled at this Uman ritual. Dringoth intoned grimly:
“Unto Almighty God we commend the soul of our sister and brother departed, and we commit their bodies to the deep; in sure and certain hope of the Resurrection unto eternal life, through our Lord Jesu Kristo; at who’s coming in glorious majesty to judge the world, the sea shall give up her dead; and the corruptible bodies of those who sleep in him shall be changed, and made like unto his glorious body; according to the mighty working whereby he is able to subdue all things unto himself.  Ashes to ashes, dust to dust—“  
There were several moments of silence, then Dringoth said, “Two more comrades in arms …lost in the line of duty.”
Golich frowned at that.  “Major, we don’t know about Carrie Ndiko…or Captain Meyer’s crew yet.”
Dringoth turned slowly.  His face was stone.  “URME,” he inquired of the para-human swarm entity hovering nearby, “any contact with their ship?”
URME brightened at the request.  Angels did that when employing audible responses…something about the processor power needed.  
“Nothing, Major.  I’ve been trying for days, all bands and frequencies.  Even the quantum coupler is quiet.”
“What the latest position of the Coethi formation?”
URME brightened again, as he pulled tracking data from Cygnus’ systems, communicating with ARISTOTLE, the ship’s AI, though the ship was on the other side of the ridge, several kilometers away.
“Last fix placed the formation centroid at sixty a.u. from Sigma Albeth B, on a hyperbolic approach, but slowing.  Primary swarm mass confined to a plane sixteen degrees above the star’s equatorial plane…” URME read off declination and right ascension numbers, but Dringoth had heard enough.
“When will the Bugs be in range, URME?”
The angel replied, “Four days, two hours, forty-five minutes, present course and speed of the centroid.  That is if they don’t try a displacement maneuver.”
Dringoth levelled an even gaze at Golich.  “Four days, Lieutenant.  The Twister’s powered up now.  We should be tracking and boresighting that swarm.”
“Yes, sir.  And the farpools are up and spinning.  That should give Captain Meyer an easy path back here.”
“If they’re still alive,” Dringoth said.  “Lieutenant, you and Acth and URME prepare the Twister.  Set single discharge for now, maximum twist and entanglement, as soon as the Bugs come into range.  That gives Meyer and her people, and Carrie Ndiko, time to return…if they can.  Otherwise—” he shook his head, glanced over at Hablek, “we still have a mission to defend this sector.”
“Yes, sir,” came a chorus of acknowledgments. 
Dringoth turned to face the Seomish commander.  “Hablek…remember when we talked about me seeing more of your world?”
Hablek replied through his mobilitor echopod.  “ZZhhsshh…my kel homewaters are four mah away, maybe three if currents are with us…Omsh’pont and other villages.”
“How long will that take?”
URME did the conversions, knowing that the Seomish measured time from one mah’jeet bloom to another.  “Approximately, three days, Major.”
Hablek said, “KKllqq…the Tailless wish to come…yes….”
Ultrarch-Major Dringoth said simply, “Yes.  I would like that.  I want to see what got Carrie Ndiko so worked up.  We’ll call it tactical reconaissance, since the Survey Service said this place was supposed to be uninhabited.  A little update is in order, don’t you think?”
Hablek and Dringoth set off in Hablek’s kip’t that very afternoon.

Hours later, hunting for and eventually finding the risky Pomt’or Current, Hablek told the Major that this path would be the fastest.  
“Three half-mah, at best speed,” the Seomish commander said.  He drove the kip’t deeper and Dringoth could see nothing outside the canopy, save for a few nightmarish faces and gaping maws that whizzed by.
The Pomt’or was the northern arm of the great Pom’tel Current and it was the only current that directly led to the gap in the Serpentines they would have to negotiate, the gap that led to the Omt’or Current and the long slog across the abyssal plain of Omme’tee to Omsh’pont…and homewaters.  To get there from the Farpool and the Time Twister meant a long tedious trip through the northwest Ponkel Sea.  The waters were cold, dense and sluggish away from the current, stagnant far to the south at the equator and brimming with foul-tasting and dangerous mah’jeet fields, so thick in patches no kip’t could get through without clogging its jets.  But there was no quicker way to the Serpentines and the gap.
Hablek’s plan was to cross the Ponkel until they had reached the junction of the Pomt’or and Tchor Currents, then turn south through unsounded waters, paralleling the northernmost arc of the Serpentines, hunt for the gap until they felt the first faint tugs of the Tchor Current, then scoot through the gap and ride that underwater river across the abyssal plain. Then he would home on the seamounts surrounding Omsh’pont City, listening for repeater signals and the murmuring voices of the oot’stek, until the echo layer brought them safely into local waters.  That was if all went well….
Hablek was glad that Ponkel sounded calm today, litor’kel was how you said it, he remembered.  The bottom pulsed fifty or so beats below them, thick with mud and hidden, from time to time, by a tricky layer of warmer water.  The thermals of the northern seas sometimes played havoc with kip’t navigation and even the locals sometimes got lost in the churning sediment and confusing echoes of the area.  Hablek was confident he could make it; he’d come this way for the first time in his Circling many mah ago, so the complex echoes didn’t bother him.  It was just as well that the Tailless creature behind him seemed asleep.  
The kip’t slid easily through the trackless waste and outside the vast swirl of the Pomt’or Current, the sea was as barren as any sea in the world.  The water was a clear blue-green, almost sterile of life but for the ever-present gruel of the ertesh, thin and oily in this area.  Few creatures found it appetizing enough to school here.  
Far to the north, off their starboard quarter, Hablek could read the faint echoes of the polar ice pack itself.  The Pillars of Shooki were up there.  He frowned, thinking about that.  Many lives had once been lost there—
They traveled alone for hours, droning on and on, through the Ponkel, while Hablek occupied himself with savoring comforting smells from a favorite scentbulb he had opened up, scents that spoke of faraway places and great adventures: the Klatko Trench and the seamother feeding grounds, the tchin’ting forest south of Likte Island, the caves of the Ponkti…Hablek had always loved these scents.  They were like warm water, soothing, comforting, old friends.  Like old kel-mates.  
Behind him, the Uman commander stirred.  But Hablek said nothing.
Monthan Dringoth studied his pilot.  
He may be a talking fish, but he ran one hell of an assault against our base on the island.
Dringoth had a sour taste in his mouth, probably from breathing the air inside his living mask.  These fish are clever in what they could do.  Maybe Hablek’ll get a medal and some recognition for what he did at Kinlok.
Maybe the fish people recognize talent in a way Commandstar never will.
He had tried to put Hapsh’m and Gibbons Grotto behind him.  He had tried to do everything he had been ordered to do.  Okay, so yeah, he’d been the skipper of Lalande when she pranged that asteroid in the Boru system.  But the inquiry had absolved him…navigation error, circumstances beyond anyone’s control, equipment malfunction.  They didn’t give him a medal of course, but he got to keep his job.
After the Incident at Hapsh’m, they had given him a Distinguished Valor Medal 3rd class…those weren’t given out for good behavior.  
And there was the Battle of the Gauntlet.
Dringoth had served with some distinction aboard Pollux, and later aboard another jumpship Majoris, where he served as executive officer.  This was the same Majoris that almost singlehandedly engaged and ran off a whole squadron of Coethi jumpships in Strategic Time Stream T-4487, known as the Battle of the Gauntlet.  Majoris was basically destroyed but Dringoth and some of her crew survived and were marooned in the time stream for days before being picked up by another jumpship.  It was Dringoth who had kept most of the group alive and together during this time.  Although he and the survivors had suffered grievous injuries, his efforts saved twenty brave men, woman and several invaluable bots.  He received a Legion of Merit medal for this.  
Didn’t that count for something?
For all this, Commandstar had consigned him to this dreary backwater world of talking fish, running a Time Twister battery—nobody even knew if the blasted thing would work—and ordered him to defend the Lower Halo sector.  Come on.  The Lower Halo?  Nobody gave a rat’s ass about the Lower Halo.
No, it was Commandstar…had to be.  That pile of junk had been making bad command decision after bad command decision for months, maybe terrs.  Hell, Hablek and his fish soldiers had a better grasp of strategy and tactics than Commandstar.  Think about it: the fish executed a damn near perfect pincers movement against a fortified position on Kinlok Island…all kinds of crazy weapons plus they used those serpents to good effect.
Hell, I’d be better off serving under Hablek and the fish, he told himself.  A prophet without honor and all that.   Dringoth figured Commandstar had no more grasp on what needed to be done to counter the Coethi than the Major’s big toe.  It was evident in the last dispatch they had received from Commandstar, before the Big Duncehead and his staff had gone silent…
Dringoth massaged his tired cheeks around his mask and to distract his thinking, decided to open up that last dispatch on his wristspad.  The words flashed bright in the dim murk of the kip’t cockpit….

Dispatch #12.175.222
HQS. War Staff Timejump Command
Transto: Ult.-Maj Dringoth, CDR 1st Time Displacement Battery
Coded

Commandstar was briefly attacked by a Coethi jumpship six milliterr ago and partially disabled.  TACTRON has assigned me to damage analysis and I must tell you, Dringoth, it is extensive.  Coethi was able to momentarily displace the ship back to a time when it was still under construction.  TACTRON countered with a shift in voidtime to another timestream but not before the destruction had spread.  I don’t have to describe to you the explosive effects of such instantaneous displacement.
The result is that Commandstar is unable to provide any assistance in drawing Coethi vessels into your range… 
There will be no further dispatches from me until Commandstar is within your displacement perimeter….

URME 101 (Unit Reserve Memory Entity)
Endtrans
End Code.

Dringoth snorted.  Yeah, right.  Commandstar…always right on top of Alliance strategy.  He looked up at Hablek, deeply engaged in navigating their little ship through this trackless waste.  That fish had a way better understanding of strategy than Time Guard.
Maybe I’d be better off serving in this army.
Dringoth pressed the sound membrane against his neck.  Hablek had told him the vibrations would activate the echopod he was holding his lap.
“Hablek, that was a well-executed assault your people made against our base.”
For a moment, while the echopod made the translation, Hablek didn’t react.  He whistled and barked at his control board—imagine that, Dringoth thought…controls powered solely by sound—then, replied carefully.
“ZZhhsshh…many kels come…conflict and dispute…we are all bloodbonded and the Sound…kkllqqkk…wavemaker make us together in fighting….”
“Yes, I get it.  Nothing like being shot at by a common enemy…I’m curious.  You said may kels.  I assume many tribes and factions.  One commander to another…how do you command such a force?  Do you have schools for command?”
Hablek thought about that for a moment, listening to the echopod make the translation.  Dringoth’s questions came out like a series of chirps and squawks.
“Authority of the Metah…all are bloodbonded to the Metah.  Closest relation—blood link to Metah makes authority….”
“Ah, yes.  Seniority.  In my service, Time Guard, command authority comes from rank.  Position in the service.  You’ve said before that your kels are like big families.  Are all members related?”
“True this is,” Hablek replied.  
“You have no parents?”
This puzzled Hablek, for the word parents could not be translated directly into Seomish.  There was no equivalent.
“Those who give birth,” Dringoth tried to explain.  
Hablek, with help from the echopod, launched into a description of how children—the translation came out ‘midlings’-- were born and raised.  
Once a midling was born, the child was turned over to what Hablek had called an em’kel.  The em’kel was the basic subdivision of the Seomish kel. 
“Sounds like a village,” Dringoth decided.  “Your young are raised and taught by all.”  Not a bad idea, he figured.  
Dringoth had another thought.  “You clearly have command experience, Hablek.  You must have fought other battles.”
Hablek chirped at that.  “In mah 628, the Ponkti tried to restrict access to the Pillars of Shooki.  This was a violation of zzhh Peace of Tekpotu.  There were many clashes, battles, along the Serpentines and the T’kel ridges.”
“You were successful in this?  Many enemy killed?”
Hablek was quiet, even somber at the memory.  “Success is not in the killing.  It is in the agreeing.  In the deciding…settling…approving.  Restoring shoo’kel, the harmony of all things.”
“This is a different way of fighting battles,” Dringoth said.  “Victory coming not in destroying but in preserving…harmonizing, if I understand the translation.”
Hablek was about to reply but a sharp honk erupted from the control board.  Hablek turned abruptly to his controls.  
“KKllqq…we come now in approach currents…it is Omsh’pont…the heart of Omt’or.”
Hablek steered them deftly toward a huge V-shaped notch in the Serpentines.  He slowed down and let the faint fingers of the Tchor current grab them, first shaking them like an angry fist, then hurling them through the decline.  The kip’t sounded ahead, tasting turbulence and the sled shuddered as it passed through the gorge.  Steep craggy flanks surrounded them, not visible in the heavy silt and murk, but Hablek knew danger was near and he was careful with the controls, adding just a touch of rudder or jet as needed.  Dringoth held his breath…one little eddy, one little bump, a few seconds drift in the wrong direction—
Only when the water calmed did both of them catch a breath.  Hablek checked the sounder…clear ahead and the rocky seafloor was opening up and spreading out, giving onto a steep tongue of seafloor that led straight down to the Omme’tee, the vast abyssal plain that covered much of the central Omt’orkel Sea. 
The seamounts of Omsh’pont were now less than a hundred beats away.
The Seomish commander grew more and more excited as the echoes of homewaters became stronger and clearer.  Presently, the towering seamounts of Omsh’pont sounded strong and sure and when the murk cleared, the great city finally lay before them.  Hablek slowed the kip’t down to approach speed and homed on the signals from the Kelktoo lab, occupying several domes and pavilions along the southwest ramparts of the central mesa of the city.
“Homewaters—“ he breathed, taking in a big gulp.  Hablek savored the scents and odors and whiffs and aromas of everything he had grown up with…the accumulated wisdom and noisy clamor and clashing pulses of the only place he had ever called home. 
Omsh’pont…heart and soul, the shoo’kel of life itself.  Calm and clear waters everywhere you pulsed.
“Litorkel ge,” he breathed.
Dringoth found himself amazed at the fish commander’s reaction.
They drifted toward the landing pads of the Kelktoo labs.
By sight, Omsh’pont could barely be seen in the silt and murk of the central sea of Omt’orkel, but even a cursory pulse would betray the outlines of a great city.  The main axes were wedged in between towering seamounts, held, as it were, in the bosom of the mountains atop a flat mesa-like plateau in the middle.  
Pulse in any direction and you would learn of domes and pavilions and floatways and more domes, interspersed with cylindrical structures and pyramids and cones, a geometric forest of cubes and humps and tent-like coverings, all of it crammed and pungent with noisy, honking, bellowing, clicking, snorting life…that was Omsh’pont, the city of Om’t. 
The Kelktoo was the largest and most influential of all the em’kels…the traditional house of learning with its academies and labs and observatories and institutes and societies and foundations and studios.  The project leader was none other than Longsee lok kel: Om’t, a name that evoked respect in every sea around the world.
“ZZhh…we visit Kelktoo,” Hablek told him.  
The Academy was situated along the lower slopes of the T’or seamount, a confusing warren of caves and holds, niches and burrows, many covered with pastel canopies or coral shields.
As they cruised over the city, Dringoth could see how silted and sedimented the water was. Hablek narrated.
“The sound and shock waves of your wavemaker weapon have created mud and rock slides, avalanches and a great deal of dirt.  Many outer districts are buried under beats of mud.”
“There is no sound,” Dringoth said.  “Your soldiers damaged my Twister.”
“And thank Shooki for that.”
They left the kip’t and entered the chambers of the Kelktoo.  In time, they came to a larger oblong low-ceilinged cavern, where an elderly scientist was examining something under a beatscope.
It was Longsee loh.  He looked up, pulsed Hablek happily and they nuzzled each other like long lost friends.  Hablek introduced Dringoth.
“The Tailless commander—”
Longsee was clearly an older male, his eyes wrinkled and cloudy over a bemused smile.  He circled Dringoth warily, pulsing for anything he could learn.
“So, this is the creature who makes the Sound.  Not so much to pulse, Hablek.  I read confusion, maybe anxiety.”
“I showed him all around the city, the damage his people have caused,” Hablek told him.
Longsee watched the Tailless creature hovering, fiddling with his living mask, staring, wondering at them.  It was clearly a curious creature.  But the language—much more study would be needed, much more time.  It was time they didn’t have.
Longsee seemed to have come to a decision.  Hablek could tell.  The Director pulsed like the rough waters of the Serpentine gap when he had to make a decision, weighing all the pros and cons, judging all sides.  No shoo’kel inside Longsee…he was a turbulent cauldron that never showed externally…that was always calm and placid.  But inside—when you were a director of a project directly authorized by the Metah and her council, you could get away with that.  It was bad form, even offensive, for most Omtorish, but Longsee was never one to follow convention.  Hablek had always liked that about him.
“I’ll take this up with the Mektoo.   You’re right…we seem to be at a standstill in what we can learn from the Tailless.  But more study will need more time.  The Metah is already impatient…the wavemaker, the Sound, it’s getting worse.  And the Tailless don’t care what they’re doing to the waters…they claim to be fighting someone else and we’re no concern of theirs.”
Hablek said, “I’ve exchanged his mask.  He has adequate air.  He can talk, through the echopod.”  He handed the device to Longsee, who fiddled with it, adjusted something.  The pod’s colors changed to a blue-white inner glow.
“Why have you come here?” Longsee asked.  He waited for what seemed like a long time for the translation to come through.
Dringoth heard only chirps and squeaks for a moment, then the Director’s gravelly voice came through.
“We fight a distant enemy…beyond your world.  The Twister is a weapon to fight this enemy.  Time Guard said this world was uninhabited.  I had no idea—we had no intelligence that—”
His words were interrupted by an aide.  “Excuse me, Director…the Metah’s summoner is here—”
Longsee waved the official in.  The summoner was a young male, vigorous of stroke, with the ritual scarring along his fins of the Metah’s personal em’kel.
“Most Affectionate Metah commands your appearance at fifth-half mah, with your captive here.”  He indicated Dringoth.  “The Metah wishes to examine this specimen herself.”  He handed Longsee a scentbulb, which carried the personal scents of the Metah.  Longsee sniffed it, bowed slightly, and handed it back.
“We come at the appointed time, summoner.”
With that, the court official departed the cavern.
Longsee took the moment to confront Dringoth directly, orbiting the 1st TD commander like prey sizing up a fresh catch.  He stared at Dringoth’s face, nosing about the mask to sniff what he could.
“A far enemy, you say.  A far enemy of the Notwater.  I haven’t heard of this.  Hablek, weren’t there stories of seamothers fighting other beasts in the Notwater?”
“Just some old tales,” Hablek said.  “I never put much stock in them.  Although what puk’lek does in the Notwater has always been a mystery.”
Longsee had seen and pulsed enough.  “Get him ready for the Metah.  We mustn’t be late to a summons.”

They were herded together, Hablek, Dringoth and the summoner, and conveyed toward the canopy where a tuk match was still in progress.  Omtorish citizens swarmed around them as they approached but the prodsmen held them back.  
In the center of the main canopy, the crowds were thickest, huddling around a large, blubbery female of medium-gray skin.  Not surprisingly, the Metah Mokleeoh Loh, was the center of slavish affection—an unending stream of Omtorish filtered down from outside the pavilion and paid their respects by nudging, kissing and stroking her.  She was dining on stuffed pal’penk, from the aroma of it, while studying the tuk match before her.  A young servling brushed her tail flukes.
Dringoth watched as the prodsman worked his way through the line of admirers and, reaching the Metah at last, told her of their captive visitor.  She showed no reaction at all, but merely shooed the horde away.  At her command, the prodsman beckoned Hablek, Dringoth and Longsee to approach.
Right away, Hablek noticed a radical difference.  He could easily pulse that Mokleeoh was a fickle, nervous woman—her innards seethed without pause.  He had once thought all Omtorish would admire shoo’kel more in their Metah, but either she was so popular that she could do as she pleased or the Omtorish held their leader to different standards.  In any case, she paid them little attention when they arrived; indeed, the presence of non-kelke worried her attendants more than her.  They quickly erected a partition of sheer tissue around the Metah, then scattered to the corners of the pavilion and scowled at the visitors.  
Longsee was the first to speak.  “I am a scientist, Affectionate Metah.  A Kelktoo scientist.  You’ve received a message, describing our captive here…a male Tailless from the Notwater.”
She seemed not to have heard and continued munching on a rib of palpenk.  In front of them, one of the tuk players scored a dramatic blow against his opponent, stunning him with a sharp tail-slap.  The move brought forward a chorus of honks and cheers from the people around them.
At last, Mokleeoh deigned to notice them.
“I have received your notice.  But you are no doubt tired from a long journey, yes?  You will eat.”  It was not a request and Longsee stood aside to let the Metah’s words be carried out.  Almost instantly, the canopy was full of servants, grabbing them by the arms and tugging them toward a basin in front of the Metah, where pal’penk portions were piled high.  But instead of leaving them to eat, the servants proceeded to clean and groom everyone in the convoy with their beaks and with fine brushes.  Hablek tried to smother a smile at Longsee’s reaction: already, he had stretched out and was directing the brushes to the sorest places.
“I could get used to this,” he told them.  
“It is a long ride from Kinlok,” Mokleeoh said.  “We have not had visitors from the Ponk’el Sea for twenty-six mah.  The attendants will help you to relax, unwind.  Kip’t traveling is so tiring, is it not?  Such tiny craft.  I’m not at all sure that we need them.  There are better ways to travel.”
Longsee tried to protest.  “Affectionate Metah…we have so much to discuss…the shield…the project—“
But Mokleeoh would hear none of it and turned away.  The servants closed in and Longsee, Hablek and Dringoth were soon enveloped in their capable hands.
Despite the mask, Dringoth was pleasantly surprised to find that the brushes were coated with a narcotic relaxant.  The odor was unfamiliar but the effect was most welcome.  Even the beaks of the servlings seemed special.  Each of them knew just where his muscles were knotted and just how much pressure to apply.  He shivered with comfort, only dimly aware of Hablek and the others.
Mokleeoh went on, talking and chewing pal’penk at the same time.  “Before the kip’ts, people used to roam from kel to kel, freely, with no machines to help them.  Imagine that.  Oh, of course, they sometimes rode tillets—you know, we still ride them around here—but even so, it’s not the same.  I suppose the Orketish don’t breed them anymore.”  She studied her visitor out of the corner of her eye.  Dringoth was dazed and semi-conscious, mumbling inaudible things.  The servling attending the Uman drove her hands deep into his flesh, pinching him as she did so, uttering soothing nonsyllables, feeding him pal’penk.  When she looked up at the Metah, Mokleeoh nodded silently and she resumed her attentions.
“They are such gentle animals,” Mokleeoh went on.  By now, her voice had settled into the same monotonous drone as her servants.  All around them, kelke watched the entrancing with hushed fascination.  Slowly, but surely, Dringoth, Longsee and Hablek were losing control of themselves.  
“Reliable too.  When I was only a midling—that was not so long ago—I was on a roam to T’kel’rok and got sick.  Bad waters, you know; terribly onkelte in there.  And my tillet brought me back to Omt’or by itself, saved my life in fact.  The most amazing thing.  Do you know I took that tillet for a pet later; the breeder was going to slaughter it for food but I persuaded him to let me keep this one.  They’re cannibals in captivity, but you must know that already.”  She paused, staring at Dringoth, her eyes now hard.
“Tell me, Tailless: why do you bring such destruction to our world?”
Dringoth muttered something.
“Speak louder, Tailless.”
“We’re under attack…Aff—Metah.  There …is a…a, ah, there is a distant enemy.  Wrecking many worlds, all of the world, really.  We need the Twister for—“
“Their machines have created the destructive sounds, Affectionate Metah,” mumbled Longsee.
“Sounds?  What kind of sound? This causes the slides…all the silt and sediment? Explain.”
Hablek answered this time.  “The surface.  A great sound near the surface.  Aliens…Umans…the Notwater…there’s a wavemaker that is…ah, it is—“
Mokleeoh frowned.  In front of her, another tail-slap brought murmurs of appreciation from the crowd.  The tuk match filled the waters with distant grunts and groans, while Mokleeoh puzzled over the answers.
“Is this the truth?”
A servling spoke up.  “I believe it is, Affectionate Metah.  The seers and the mekli priestesses have often spoken of a great wave coming.  There was something on ootkeeor about disturbances near Kinlok…and Kok’t and other cities were being damaged.  The repeaters mentioned a sound…much vibration and sound.”
“Yes, yes, a great wave…the ak’loosh and the End of All Things.  That seems unlikely.  Repeaters spread falsehood as well as truth.”  To Longsee, she spoke sharply.  “We will discuss this in vishtu.  Today. Now.  Make the captive ready.  I must know the truth of all this.”
“Of course, Affectionate Metah.”
Dringoth, Hablek and Longsee were hustled out of the Metah’s pavilion by the summoner and an escort of prodsmen.

The Metah had called for kel’vishtu, to discuss and decide on what Omt’or, and eventually the other kels, could do about the Umans and their war machine.  To set the right tone for the roam and the difficult decisions ahead, Mokleeoh had decreed that the roam would begin with a reciting of the Tillet Songs. 
Dringoth, though entranced at the spectacle before him, wasn’t so sure he could keep up with such vigorous and efficient swimmers as the Omtorish.
“We may have to take some breaks,” he told Hablek.  “I’m not as good a swimmer as everybody else.”
“Not to worry,” Hablek told him.  “If you tire, we’ll hitch you to one of the tillet.  You can come along for the ride.”
 When it was done, Hablek took Dringoth aside with a beaming smile on his face.
“Mokleeoh has honored you with a flank just one beat behind hers.  You’ll be able to hear and pulse everything that is said.  I hear from some of her servlings that she thinks you can deal with the Tailless better than anyone.   She may even ask you to roam with her for a time.”
“You’ll be up there with me, I hope,” Dringoth said.
“One flank behind, along with Longsee and some of my em’kel.  It’s a great honor to have Putektu there...we do know important things about the Notwater.  There are so many big decisions we have to make.  But eekoti Dringoth, you must be pure and candid in your echoes.  Mokleeoh demands that.  Remember what I’ve taught you about shoo’kel.”
“Steady as she goes,” Dringoth repeated.  He knew he still had a lot to learn about all this pulsing business.  This wasn’t going to be like a time jumper’s early morning run at the Academy at all.

The great hour came and Mokleeoh made her appearance with her full court in tow.  The vishtu formed swiftly as she paddled serenely toward the head of the roam.  A hush rolled through the crowd like a strong current and there was furious commotion behind them as the kelke pulled themselves together.  Dringoth stole a look at the magnificent sight: the flanks curved out of range around the end of the valley and spread out into the Omt’orkel itself, in evenly stepped divisions.  He imagined it as a massive seamother, poised to strike.  A prodsman tapped him on the dorsal and told him to face the Metah with all pulses.  From now on, he was expected to remain in flank with Longsee. 
They set off at a slow pace, allowing the crowds behind them to catch up.  The Metah led them through a dense bed of brilliant blue ting coral that marked the end of the valley, though it was partly obscured by the ever-present rain of silt.  Beside each flank, a cluster of servlings hovered, ready to swoop in with pods of food.  Hablek ate them as soon as they could be replaced.  Dringoth, not be outdone, wolfed down everything put in front of him.
A shout erupted from behind them and Hablek turned to see.  He pulsed the reason almost immediately.
Riding in a trio of kip’ts, a small convoy was approaching the head of the roam.  
Prodsmen, Hablek realized.  He wondered who they were escorting.  Then he saw.  In the center kip’t, an old repeater was being born to the Metah’s position.  The convoy of sleds merged with the front of the vishtu and the repeater emerged, discussing matters with several of the Metah’s attendants, including the summoner.  There was a commotion up front, and a flurry of activity.
Presently, the summoner left the Metah’s position and drifted back to where Hablek and Dringoth, still clinging to a tillet, roamed.   The summoner had a message for Dringoth, authorized by the Metah herself.
“The repeater sings of a great peril in the Notwater,” the summoner said.  Dringoth listened carefully to the echopod translation.
“What kind of peril?”
“The far enemy of the Notwater—you have spoken of this enemy, haven’t you?  This enemy comes closer.  Repeaters sing of warnings from other Tailless.  The wavemaker is to be powered up soon.  The Tailless urgently need you to return to Kinlok Island.”
Dringoth looked at Hablek with meaning, but he could detect nothing in the Seomish commander’s face.  
“It has to be the Coethi, Hablek.  The Bugs.  They must be preparing to make another attack.  I’ve got to get back.”
With the Metah’s permission, Hablek and Dringoth commandeered a nearby kip’t and set off at once on a speed course, back to Kinlok Island.

Chapter 12

Inside the Coethi Mother Swarm
Location: Unknown
Time: Unknown

Charley Meyer stared in disbelief at the thing that resembled her granddad, Chase Meyer.  It had times resembled Chase, then the Shadow Man, then other people from her memory.  Now it was grandpa Chase again.  She had come rocketing out of the long curving corridor through which she had been falling for what seemed like hours and wound up here.  Now, they were gliding in a small canoe across a glass-calm lake, through a fog bank, though Charley was fairly sure this was no ordinary fog bank.
“I’m sorry…what did you say?”
Chase pulled at the oars effortlessly.  A cool breeze had fetched up, rippling the lake surface. “Charley, you’re going to have another child.”
“How can…how do you—Rey and I haven’t even--?”  She couldn’t even find the words.  This was way too much.
Chase continued pulling on the oars and the canoe glided effortlessly across the lake.  
“This is wonderful, don’t you think, Charley.  A cause for celebration.”
Charley didn’t know what to say.  There was just no way….
“Look, I know you’re not real.  You’re either a collection of nanobots done up to resemble grandpa Chase.  Or you’re a simulation, built from my own memory traces.”
The Chase thing looked hurt.  “I’m as real as you want me to be.  Isn’t this better…that I can be someone you can relate too?”
Charley said, “Maybe.  Are you Configuration Zero?  The central entity that runs the Coethi?”
Chase shrugged, paddled them in a slightly different direction.  The fog was wet on their faces.
“I’m whatever you want me to be.  And I know why you’re here.”
“Oh, really?  Why is that?”
For a few moments, Chase closed his eyes, though he continued to stroke toward some unseen destination mechanically.
“You want to change things that can’t be changed.  You can’t change what you are, Charley.  You should know that by now.  The Imperative drives all of us…surely you realize that…I know you’re an intelligent girl.”
Charley detected just the slightest break in this façade.  The Imperative…that’s where I should be taking this.
“I’ve heard about this Imperative.  What the hell is it?”
Now Chase’s face assumed an impassive mask and a tendril of fog momentarily obscured it.  
“The Imperative is life, Charley.  That’s why you’re here.  That’s why Charlotte, your daughter is here…”
Sounds a bit rehearsed, like an algorithm engaged.  A little more….
“But I don’t understand how it affects me, Grandpa.”
The Chase thing smiled broadly.  “The Imperative of Life is that life absorbs chaos from the Universe and adds or builds structure or order.  Life is anti-entropic.”
Yep, an algorithm.  I triggered something deep inside its original programming.   Charley remembered the theories about the Coethi evolving from an ancient Chinese seedship, sent to spread life among planets in the 51 Pegasi system.
“That’s great.  Can you expand somewhere else?  Like away from the Sigma Albeth system.”
“Ah,” Chase closed his eyes and stopped paddling.  “You want to divert from this system, don’t you?  But you must know that’s impossible.  The Imperative demands this path…it’s the only path we know.  That which is lost can’t be found…until it is discovered.”
His words sent a chill down Charley’s back, for she had heard that phrase before.  Is it searching for its original programmers, it’s original creators?
Chase went on, smiling down at her from the opposite end of the canoe.  “Charley, I know why you’ve come.  It’s written all over your face.”
“Oh really?  Why have I come?”
“To save Seome from destruction, right?  To stop this sun from being starballed and going supernova.  You think if that is stopped, the Seomish people you love—that I loved—won’t have to emigrate through the Farpool to Urth.  No conflicts between Umans and the emigrants.  No wars, no misunderstandings.  No Great Exit.”
Charley conceded the point.  If this thing can read my memory traces, why deny it?
“Okay, so I want to save Seome.  But there are some things you probably don’t know about.”
“Oh, you mean like how you want to prove that Amphibs can make a real difference?”
Charley shrugged.  “I guess you’ve got me on that one.  I am Amphib ‘cause you and Grandma Angie went through that procedure.”  As soon as she said that, she swore under her breath.  Girl, this is not Grandpa Chase…get that through your thick skull, stupid.
“Granted,” the Chase thing said.  “And you’ve always wanted to try to live up to my reputation.”
“Well….” Charley was a bit disconcerted that her motives were so transparent.  Can he really see right through me?  “…what’s so wrong about that?  You and Grandmom were the first Umans to come to Seome.  The procedure, you know…that helped you breathe underwater.  Two generations later, here I am…fully amphib.”
“And a darned good one,” Chase said proudly.  “The Seomish called it em’took.”
“Now we call it conicthyosis.  But all that’s beside the point.  Can’t the Imperative take another path?  Go in another direction.”
The canoe bumped and scraped against something below.  The fog had begun to thin out and Charley realized they had come to a beach of some kind.  Was this the same ‘island’ their ship had landed on?  She looked about but saw nothing…rocks and surf and pounding, hissing waves.  A cliff behind.  
Chase shipped the oars and looked hard at Charley, while the little canoe rocked in the surf.  “The Imperative means we have to expand and grow to live.  Like you, Charley.  If you don’t take chances and try new things, you can’t grow.  Isn’t that right?”
Something in the way he said that…not the words, but the tone…touched her.  “Then you won’t divert away from Seome…from this system?”
“I didn’t say that.  Tell you what, I’ll make you a deal.”
I don’t like the sound of that.  “What kind of deal?”
“Join me.  Come with me.  Let’s grow together, you and me.  If you do that, I’ll see what can be done.”
Is he asking what I think he’s asking?
At Chase’s urging, she stepped out of the canoe onto wet sand and stood there.  He followed her and pointed to a narrow path up into the face of the cliff.  She was sure that hadn’t been there before…and more sure than ever that this was all some kind of elaborate simulation…or a nightmare.
“How would I join you?  And where would we be going anyway?”
Chase led up her up the path.  Footing was treacherous and they both slipped a few times.  But with effort and some skinned knees, they climbed steadily, making their way toward the summit.
“It can be arranged, Charley.  It’s simple, really.  You just let yourself be de-constructed…we like to say adapted…for a new kind of life.  You become one with us, one with the Mother Swarm.”
That didn’t sound like such a hot prospect, so Charley said, “Like the Assimilationists?”  Assimilationism had been a wacko fringe cult on Urth for decades…from somewhere in the back of her mind, a Farpool Service briefing sprang up…

‘Assimilation begins with one great question: does assimilating mean just enhancing our minds and bodies as is, inserting bots and swarms to take over or develop or enhance new capabilities in our more or less original bodies?
Or does Assimilation mean ‘deconstruction?’  Breaking down the human body form into its constituent atoms and rebuilding it as a multi-configuration swarm, able to look and act like humans (as angels) but also able to act and look like other beings and structures as well.’

From behind her, she heard Chase chuckle.  “No, your Assimilationists have it all wrong.  It’s more like being born…re-born.  You’d be a new person.”
“I wouldn’t be a person at all anymore.  You’re talking about making me into something like URME…an angel.  A para-human swarm entity.”
“Charley, it’s so much more than that.  To quote from your own Farpool Service briefings:

‘What does it feel like to be an angel?  Various reports indicate that angels describe ‘feelings’ of a kind of warmth, as a closeness, affection, even a form of love, a family, or a sense of belonging, a cocooning, in a way or at a level which they never experienced as humans (sometimes known as Normals).  Feelings are experienced differently as an angel, because feelings must be programmed in and allotted processor capacity to exist for an angel.  The Central Entity runs these ‘routines’ in all masters as a way of maintaining the Mother Swarm….’

“Sounds enticing,” she lied, just to keep the grandpa Chase thing talking, “but what if I don’t want to do this?”
The tone of his voice changed abruptly.  Not quite menacing or threatening, but not the avuncular smoothness of her real Grandpa Chase.  
“The Imperative drives everything, Charley.  You have it within your grasp to do everything you’ve always dreamed of…make a difference, bring new life into the Universe, save Seome from destruction, live up to whatever you think my reputation means…you just have to do it.”
Charley was fairly sure he was asking her to allow herself to be absorbed into the Mother Swarm, kind of like the Assimilationists believed.  This wasn’t just a big step.  This was a diving-naked-into-a-black-hole kind of a step.  
“You’re saying if I do this, you’ll spare Sigma Albeth, spare Seome and expand in another direction?”
“I’m saying you’ll be a heroine, Charley.  You’ll be everything you always wanted to be.”
“Okay, and if I don’t, then—”
They had reached the summit of the cliff.  Beyond, her heart leaped at the sight.  Across an undulating plain of rubble and rock in a shallow ravine, stood her ship.  Omt’or stood glistening in the fog, a few faint rays of sunshine reflecting off her hull.  People—her crew…Sandy and Rey and Carrie…milled around outside.  They hadn’t seen her…yet.
“If you don’t,’ the Chase thing said matter-of-factly, “then the details of this timestream will unfold as before.  The Imperative drives us forward, Charley.  It drives you.  We all do what we must.  Once or twice in our lives, there comes an inflection point.  A place and a time where a small input can have a great effect.  You’re at that point now, Charley.  You just have to decide.”
“Can I talk this over with my crew?”
Chase said, “Sure.  Go ahead.”  He waved her on and she took a step, then hesitated and looked back. 
“Grandpa Chase…Configuration Zero…whatever the hell you are…I’m just not sure what to do now.”
They stood there, not two meters apart, perched on opposing rock outcrops.  A chill wind was fetching up.  Despite their position, her crew still hadn’t noticed the two of them.  
“Charley, let me put it to you this way.  Believe it or not, you and I aren’t so much different from each other.  We’re both just collections of parts.  You’re a collection of atoms.  Cells.  Organs, all working together.  We’re just a collection too.”
“You’re collection of nanobotic elements, just like URME.  Only light-years bigger.”
Chase smiled the grandpa smile again.  “Granted.  Maybe there’s a better way to explain this.  You’ve heard of the tale of the Ship of Theseus…from your ancient Greeks?”
“Vaguely.  How does that apply here?”
Chase closed his eyes…no doubt, retrieving some obscure files, she told herself…
“Let me explain….”  His words then spilled out like a recorded briefing, which, she decided, it probably was…likely something she had heard long ago--

‘The ship wherein Theseus and the youth of Athens returned from Crete had thirty oars, and was preserved by the Athenians down even to the time of Demetrius Phalereus, for they took away the old planks as they decayed, putting in new and stronger timber in their place, in so much that this ship became a standing example among the philosophers, for the logical question of things that grow; one side holding that the ship remained the same, and the other contending that it was not the same.
Plutarch thus questions whether the ship would remain the same if it were entirely replaced, piece by piece. Centuries later, the philosopher Thomas Hobbes introduced a further puzzle, wondering: what would happen if the original planks were gathered up after they were replaced, and used to build a second ship. Which ship, if either, is the original Ship of Theseus?’

“I vaguely remember reading or hearing that.  You’re saying we’re both just collections of cells that change over time but our identities remain, is that it?”
Chase nodded.  “Something like that.  Charley, you like to explore, don’t you?  New worlds, new times?”
Where’s this coming from?  “Yes, of course.  You must know that.  That’s why I joined Farpool Service.”
“Charley, the Central Entity wants you to join us.  You should know that the Imperative is planning an epochal trip in the near future.  A part of the Mother Swarm will detach itself for a two and a half million light-year trip…to the nearest galaxy, the galaxy in M31…what you call Andromeda.  I know you would love to be a part of this.”
Charley took a deep breath.  Was there nothing she could hide from this thing?  “I don’t know.  I guess you’re right…I would love that.  But…I’ve got obligations here…to my crew, to Rey, to Charlotte, to my unborn child, if I’m to believe what you’re telling me.  I need time to think about this.”
“Don’t take too long Charley.  Remember what I said about inflection points.”
She started to go, then stopped a last time.  “I have a condition—”
“Yes, yes, voidtime syndrome.  We know all about this.”
“And it’s getting worse.  I’m wondering if all this—” she swept her arms wide, “this world, you, all this, is just my syndrome acting up.  Maybe ALBERT running another game to help me grab hold of something, anything, that seems real.”
“That’s something you’ll have to decide for yourself, Charley.”
“One request, Grandpa.  Could you allow…make it possible, for me and my crew down there, to return to Seome, maybe through the Farpool?  To see the people I love, see how things are going.  At least, one last time.”
Chase Meyer, or the configuration that resembled Chase Meyer, reached out a hand for Charley’s face.  She flinched initially, sure that it would feel creepy, like a billion biting bugs crawling over her cheeks and lips, but it didn’t feel that way, not at all.  
It felt normal, warm, caressing, gentle.
“Of course, Charley.  I can do that.  Now go…go be with your crew.  Oh, and take this.”
He handed her a small egg-shaped object, placing it in the palm of her hand.  It was warm to the touch and glowed with a faint amber glow.
“What is it?”
Grandpa Chase smiled enigmatically.  “When you’re ready, you’ll know.  Just squeeze and hold it.”
She squeezed the caressing hand on her face and wasn’t all that startled when it seemed to dissolve right in her fingers.
Grandpa Chase was gone, not even a wraith or a shadow disappearing in the fog.
Charley hopped down from the rock outcrop and headed off toward her ship and her crew.

“Where the hell have you been?” Rey asked, when he saw her.  He ran up and crushed her in a bear hug.  “We thought you’d—”
Charley put a finger to his lips.  “Shhh…inside, beefjerk.  All of you.  I’ll explain everything.”
The four of them, Charley, Rey, Sandy and Carrie, cycled through the lockout and gravitated to the crew mess.  
“What happened?” Rey asked.  He sipped at a fabbed tea, the steam wreathing his face.
Charley was frank.  “I really don’t know.  I came to from the jump…and wound up in some places from my past…I think the Coethi were inside my mind.”
Sandy Kilgorly said, “They were.  You and Carrie both had bots in your heads…you were both swarmed outside.  Now—”
Carrie smiled, rapping her head with a fist.  “Nothing but good old-fashioned brain now.  Thanks to URME and these guys.”
Rey looked with concern at Charley.  “What about you?”
Charley shrugged.  “I felt like I was dreaming…scenes from my past, places I vaguely remember.  I even met my grandpa Chase Meyer and talked with him.  I think somehow the Coethi were constructing scenes from my memory…maybe they downloaded or deciphered memory traces from my head.  I didn’t fully understand where I was.”
Rey added, “We don’t understand where we are now.  After the jump, we ‘landed’ somehow in this place.  We think it may be the Coethi homeworld Horus again.”
“Or a simulation of it,” said Sandy.
“ChronoNav’s all messed up anyway.  We can’t determine where or when we are.”
Rey asked, “Were you able to communicate with the Coethi in any way?”
Charley nodded.  “I had talks with various characters.  Like the African princes we encountered earlier.  I think one of them—maybe all of them—were manifestations of the Coethi central entity…the one we called Configuration Zero.  But I can’t be sure.  Toward the end, before I wound up here, I think I got them…him…it…whatever to divert away from Seome and the Sigma Albeth system.  I think.”
URME, the para-human swarm entity, had been hovering in the hatch to the crew’s mess.  “Perhaps this is a new place.  Remember the Coethi have already demonstrated a quantum displacement ability.  This could be a sort of ‘holding world,’ they created for us.”
“Maybe everywhere we’ve been is like that,” Sandy said.
Charley went on.  “The central entity said it would give us a path to get back to Seome.”  She pointedly didn’t describe the ‘agreement’ she had made with Configuration Zero…that the Coethi would bypass Sigma Albeth and Seome if she allowed herself to be absorbed into the mother swarm.
She didn’t tell them she was pregnant again, either.
“Oh, my God--!”  It was Carrie, staring in disbelief at a small panel on the wall.  The panel was a miniature version of key instruments on the command deck.  “I don’t—this doesn’t make any sense….”
“What is it?”
Carrie shook her head, willed herself to focus on what the remote ChronoNav instrument was telling her.  “I am not believing this.  I’ll have to check on the main deck, run some diagnostics.  One minute, ChronoNav’s all haywire, just displaying gibberish and nonsense.  But now—look.  Coordinates.  Temporal and spacial coordinates.  It’s like ChronoNav just fixed itself.  Maybe there was some interference—”
Charley shook her head.  “I don’t think so.  Configuration Zero said the Coethi would do this, send us a path to get back to Seome.  Carrie, if you’ll check—”
But Carrie Ndiko had already left the crew’s mess and was hauling herself up the gangway to the command deck.  Charley and Sandy, then Rey, followed right behind.
Carrie sat in her Search and Surveillance seat and immediately ran diagnostics on the instrument.  After a few hums and chirps, the result came back: the coordinate reading was real.
“Those numbers look awfully familiar,” Carrie muttered.  “Let me check something—” she finagled with another instrument and after a few seconds of pursing lips, biting lips and muttering something incomprehensible, she sat back in triumph.  I thought so.  Look—”
Charley and Sandy looked. 
“It’s our map home…or at least back to Seome.  The entanglement vectors, the convergence angles, the worldlines…they all line up.  These are the temporo-spacial vectors to Seome…or close enough.”
Charley closed her eyes and prayed a silent prayer of thanks.  Configuration Zero…the Shadow Man…the angakkuq…Chase Meyer…the Central Entity that ran the Coethi was as good as its word.
“Well, what are waiting for?” Rey asked.  “Let’s vamos.”
The crew of Omt’or took their seats and strapped in.  
Charley said, “This feels good, this feels right, sitting here ready to make a jump.”
She checked her board.  All green, all copacetic and no flags. Omt’or had been powered up several minutes before, her MHD power plant and singularity core ticking over, humming, now sending a slight shudder through her hull.
“Ready all systems…stand by for final check and all-call.”
One by one, the crew came back.
“Ready, TS1.”
“Nav is go!”
“TT1 ready.”
“TFD…yo and go!”
Charley took a deep breath and then punched ENABLE on her control panel.
The ship lurched forward.  No human eyes witnessed what happened next, for the crew of jumpship Omt’or had just been catapulted into the whirling heart of the wormhole the Central Entity had made available.  Caught in a roaring, crashing river of infinite eddies and currents of time, they rode the dragon’s tail until Carrie saw her display light up green and called bingo.
At her signal, Charley Meyer slammed Omt’or’s flow vanes out full and punched the ship hard over, right into the faint, barely perceptible fingers of what she hoped was Time Stream T-001.  Like a cocked fist, T-001 grabbed them and yanked them out of the mainstream and into the midst of a million tomorrows.
After that, she slumped back in her seat and let the black hole of the Zone-out wash over her.
  
Charley came to and shook herself back to consciousness.  Beside her, Rey was doing likewise and she both felt and heard stirrings behind her on the command deck.
“Oh, my bloody achin’ noggin—” said Kilgorly.
Carrie rubbed her eyes, tried to focus them on what ChronoNav was saying.
Rey just sat still, willing the cockpit to stop spinning.
It was URME who made the call, seconds before Carrie’s eyes finally settled down.
“Measuring entanglement vectors and convergence angles…all within normal jump margins.  On approach to destination—”
“Look!” said Rey, peering outside the nearest porthole.
Charley looked.
They saw a mottled, cloud-shrouded world, salmon-hued and banded with fierce upper atmosphere winds.
“Looks like Seome all right.”
“The sun looks dimmer,” Rey noticed.  
“Starball impacts, most likely,” Charley said.  “Sigma Albeth could already be on a descent to supernova condition.  We’d better set down fast and see what’s what.”
Rey counted down the last moments to the initial burn that would start Omt’or on her long curving descent to the surface of Seome, to Kinlok Island.  The limb of the cloudy, calico-colored world could barely be seen through the portholes, dim and shadowy, mottled with bands of magenta and ocher.  
       “Ten seconds to PDI,” Rey announced.  He checked over his console: track, engine status, attitude…everything seemed ready.  “Get ready for a major kick in the ass—“
The burn, when it came, made Omt’or shake and shudder like a wet dog.  Carrie Ndiko felt the acceleration build up rapidly.  After who knew how many days of microgravity, the ship’s descent felt like a Keatonian mammoth had planted its posterior right on her chest.  She forced a sideways glance at Sandy Kilgorly, occupying the next seat.
The Aussie was exhaling out in quick, forced breaths, as they had been trained.  He met Ndiko’s eyes and grunted back.
“Hey, mate…remind me to…put in…for a…transfer…when we get back….”
The descent and landing took half an hour.
“Touchdown…good job, Skipper,” said Rey.  Omt’or settled with a rattling bump onto a mostly level plain pocked with huge boulders and rolling hills.  They had come to a stop on a small promontory overlooking Kinlok Island’s narrow beach.  Off shore, whitecaps spewed foam and seawater in gusty winds, which rocked the ship.
“Ah, yes…paradise at last,” said Sandy, “our home away from home.”
“Look, there’s Cygnus, just beyond that cliff,” said Carrie.  “And some of the crew….”
Charley was the first out of the lockout.  She staggered in the fierce winds, then bent forward, hauling herself across the hilltops toward the Uman ship.  Rey and the others followed, hunkered down in the midst of fierce gusts and blowing ice and rock dust.
Approaching Cygnus, they found Lieutenant Nathan Golich struggling under a heavy load, stumbling forward, heading as best he could for the Uman ship.
Just outside the lockout ladder, Golich blinked in disbelief.  “I never thought you’d make it back.  What happened?”
Charley gazed skyward.  “Have you had any recent starball attacks?”
Golich nodded, moved aside to let Acth:On’e emerge from the ship.  The Telitorian jerked with surprise, as had Golich.
“Just this morning,” Golich said.  “Frequency’s going up.  There were two yesterday.”
Charley watched Ariel Levee drag a small pallet of gear up to Cygnus and open a side bay to load it.  “What’s going on?  The whole base is in an uproar.  Where Major Dringoth?”
“Down there on the beach.  Trying to get that damned signaler to work.  The Seomish brought him back and he was—” Golich shrugged, “hard to say…changed somehow.  He’s trying to communicate with the fish people now.”
From the looks of what was happening, Charley had a dawning suspicion.  “You’re abandoning the base, aren’t you?”
“Major’s orders.  Looks like you weren’t able to communicate with the Coethi, judging from all the starball attacks.”
Now it was Charley’s time to be confused.  “But I did.  They…he…it…said they would bypass this whole system.  Unless—”
Golich saw the puzzled, confused stare emerge on Charley’s face.  “Unless what?”
“Unless…it’s my condition.  Has ARISTOTLE been running games and sims lately?”
Golich said, “No.  ARISTOTLE’s shut down for the time being.”
Charley planted her feet hard into the ground.  “This really is Seome…right?  I’m not dreaming this?”
Golich said, “Unfortunately, this really is Seome.  Solid as anything.”
Charley looked around.  Pallets of equipment had been staged in concentric rows outside the ship, ready to be loaded.  A packbot was trundling back and forth, stumbling on loose rocks, to and from Cygnus’ cargo bay.  
“You’re really abandoning the base.”
“We are.  Orders came from Commandstar yesterday.  Hey, mind telling me what happened up there in that Bug cloud, with you and your crew?”
“Later,” Charley said.  “I need to speak with the Major before he starts his liftoff count.”
Golich stared at her.  “The Major’s not coming.”
“What?”
Golich nodded, shrugged as if to say what can you do?  “He’s staying behind, here on Seome, with the fish people.”
Chapter 13

Seome
Kinlok Island
783.2 Tk (Pre-ak’loosh Epoch of Tekpotu)
February 17, 2115 (Earth C.E.)

Charley Meyer stared blankly at Nathan Golich.  “You are kidding, right?  This is a joke.”
Golich positioned his load on a packbot, which hoisted it easily up into the cargo bed.  
“Not at all, Captain Meyer.  After the fish attacked the island, Dringoth talked with their commander.  Apparently, he was really interested in their weapons and tactics, how they’re organized.  So the fish took him on a little trip—we all thought that was a bad idea, maybe still is—and he came back…changed somehow.”
Charley thought.  “Seome can do that.  And the Bugs are still advancing…I thought I had an understanding.”
Golich lifted another pack himself while directing the packbot to go help Levee with her load.
“All I know is when Dringoth came back, he had some kind of agreement, like a treaty or something, to get their help repairing the Twister, so we could fight off the Bugs in this sector.  After that, the agreement was the fish would help us break down the Twister and we’d get the hell out of here.  Then came orders from Commandstar, just yesterday.”
“Comms must have been re-established.  What did the orders say?”
Golich quoted from memory.  “First Time Displacement Battery is ordered to disassemble the Time Twister, store all vital parts and render the remaining structures unusable to the enemy.  Apparently, Time Guard’s relocating defense of this sector closer to the Urth-Sol system, maybe Hapsh’m or the Time’s Peak region.  That’s all I know.”
Charley motioned Rey, Sandy and Carrie up to the ship.  She explained what Golich had said.
Carrie Ndiko nodded.  “I’ve been considering taking the same step myself.  Seome fascinates me.  Maybe it’s my Igbo-Urth background.  Captain,” she addressed Charley formally, “I’m requesting permission to stay behind as well.”
“Wow,” said Golich.  “Two crew AWOL at the same time.  And look who’s in command now…a deserter and a traitor facing court-martial.”  He chuckled.  “The Guard will have a hell of time explaining this to the Alliance.”
“Permission…reluctantly granted,” Charley told Carrie.  “I understand the feelings, believe me.  It’s why we came back to Seome in the first place.  There’s just something about this world, these people…I can’t explain it.”
“Me,” said Golich, “I can’t wait to leave.  This place gives me the creeps.”
Charley stared up through heavy cloud cover at the wan daub of light that was the sun, Sigma Albeth B.  “The sun seems dimmer.  More starball rounds?”
Golich nodded.  “Like I said, two yesterday.  I’ve had URME look into the situation.  He did some analysis this morning and the results say Sigma’s on an irreversible decline to supernova.  It’s only a matter of time and it may not be long.  That’s why we’re hurrying.”
“But if she goes supernova, Seome’s destroyed,” Charley said.  “I thought I had an understanding with the Bugs to bypass this system and call off the attack.”
“We did fire the Twister several times this morning,” Golich admitted.  “It’s partially operable, enough to yank the bastards to the ass-end of the Universe, or close enough.  Plus, the Major wanted the machine to be operable enough to generate a farpool so you’d have a way back.  And now…you’re back.”
“The Twister’s no longer functional?”
Golich agreed.  “She couldn’t yank the wings off a Keatonian fly now.”
There was a distant buzzing noise coming from the sea.  All heads turned in time to see a skimmer bearing shrouded pallets approaching the beach.  
“That’s Dringoth now, with more chronotron pods.  We’re taking them with us…they’re the guts of the Twister.  If you look closely, you can see a bunch of fish climbing all over the Twister casing.  The Seomish are helping us with dismantling.”
Charley had seen that.  “The Twister has really damaged their world.  They’ll be glad to see it go.  But if that sun’s going kablooey…maybe I should check with URME myself, look over his analysis.  I really thought I had an understanding—”
Ultrarch-Major Dringoth unloaded the skimmer’s cargo on the beach.  Acth:On’e and Levee were already headed down a slippery path through the cliffside with a packbot at their heels to gather up the pods and bring them to the ship.
“I’ll talk with the Major later,” Charley decided.  To Rey, Sandy and Carrie, she added, “We need to get back to Omt’or and talk this out.”
Since Carrie Ndiko was nominally still part of Cygnus’ crew, Charley relented and let her stay and help the others.

Inside Omt’or’s command deck, Charley laid out the facts and the decisions that had to be made.
“The Twister’s no longer operable.  Lieutenant Golich says he wants to be ready to leave tomorrow.  We have to decide each of us…what we’re going to do.  I brought you here to  Seome for a specific mission.  Now, that’s over.  And I’m not sure if we succeeded.”
Sandy Kilgorly, the Aussie, spoke first.  “I want to go back to Shooki.  Is there enough of a farpool left to make that jump?”
“Barely.  All the farpools the Twister generates are spinning down fast.  The wormholes will probably all evaporate before tomorrow.  Omt’or still has a functioning singularity core…that should help.  But it’s risky, Sandy.”
The engineer ran his hand through thinning red hair.  “I’ll take the risk.  I’ve got family and friends back on Shooki.  And, no offense, but that place is a damned sight better than this one.  I hope I never see another fish as long as I live.”
“Understood.  You stay here and get Omt’or ready to jump.”  Charley caught Rey’s eyes.  “The two of us are taking a walk.  We need to talk.”
Rey and Charley left Sandy inside the ship and wandered over the central ridge that formed the spine of Kinlok to the other side of the island, within sight of Cygnus, but eventually finding a narrow path along a lower ledge.  It was better protected from the gusting, ice-flecked winds.
They walked in silence for many minutes, then Charley grabbed Rey by the shoulders and spun him around to an awkward stop.  Below them, towering waves crashed, hissed and foamed through reefs and rock outcrops.  
“Reynaldo, I want you to listen…just listen, okay?--for a moment.”
Rey blinked, cradled her face in his hands, gently massaging her ribbed neck, her gill flaps, her lips.
“Okay, whatever you say, girl.”
Charley had practiced her words for this but now that the time had come, they wouldn’t come out.  She stammered, coughed, pulled herself away and wrapped her arms around her shoulders.
“When I was inside the Coethi swarm…or maybe it was inside me—I learned something.  The Central Entity told me I was pregnant…again.”
This brought a cocked arch to Rey’s dark eyes.  His face wore a half, slightly unsure smile.  
“Charley…that’s great…I mean, I didn’t…are you sure…we haven’t—”
She put fingers to his lips.  “Shhh, okay?  Just listen.  I know we haven’t been trying.  I don’t think…” how the hell do you say this?—“…I don’t think we did it.  I don’t think it’s yours…or ours.”
Rey was beyond puzzlement.  His face was a changing mask, by turns surprised, concerned, confused and just plain disbelieving.
“What are you saying, Gilly Girl?  How do you know?”
“I don’t know, for sure.  I could take the test, but I haven’t yet.  URME could run tests.  I wanted to talk with you first.  I mean…if it’s not ours, we could—”
Now he was turning mad.  “The Bugs did something, didn’t they?  I knew this would happen.  They did this to you.”
“Rey, just hold on, will you?  Shut up, already.  I don’t know if this is true or not—I guess I’d better let URME test me.  But this is what I was told.  And Rey, that’s not all.”
“Not all?  Isn’t this enough?”
Charley physically forced Rey to sit down on a narrow boulder.  It wasn’t particularly comfortable and he resisted at first, then relented.  “Okay, what else?”
“We have several decisions to make, besides me being pregnant. We have to decide whether we’re going back to Shooki with Sandy—you know Carrie’s staying here—maybe have a baby there and live our lives there.  Or maybe all the way back to Urth-Sol and live in or near what’s left of Urth’s oceans.”
Rey looked down at some loose rocks at his feet and idly kicked at them.  They tumbled over the side of the cliff and plummeted out of view.  In time, they would land in the ocean waters below.
“I always thought you would want to stay here, on Seome.  You love these fish people.”
Charley admitted.  “I have thought about it.  But you have a say in this too.  We’re a team, aren’t we…supposed to be a team, anyway.”
“Well,” Rey said slowly, “this is a lot to process.  And we don’t have much time, do we?”
“No, not much time.  There’s something else.”
Rey uttered a sharp laugh.  “Why am I not surprised?  Charley, you are one wacky female, you know that?”
She laid out the offer made to her by the Central Entity, carefully, methodically, the offer to be ‘uploaded’ into the mother swarm…perhaps all of them: Charley, Rey, Charlotte and a possible unborn child.  Subconsciously, she slipped a hand into her pocket, finding the egg-shaped object Grandpa Chase had given her.  It was still warm. 
It was clear that Rey was sure he was having some kind of nightmare.  “You can’t be serious, Charley…can you?  Think of Charlotte…what you’re proposing is for all of us to let ourselves be de-constructed, just like that.  Just like the Assimilationists.  And Charlotte…we don’t even give her the chance to have a life?  She’s one year old, for God’s sake, Charley.  How can that be fair…or right?  You have to know what this means.”
“Of course, I know what it means.  Don’t you think I’ve thought about this, day and night, hour after hour, trying to make sense of this.  I’m not sure I even believe it.  But Rey…the Central Entity said if I…we…didn’t do this, the Coethi would continue their advance.  Seome will be destroyed.  Millions will die.  A few thousand will make it to Urth…and you know what happens after that.”
Rey took her face solidly in his hands.  “Charley, think.  Think, damn it.  It’s embedded in the time line.  Time Stream T-001.  It already happened.  You’re messing with things that ought not to be messed with.  And don’t forget Time Guard’s General Order Number One.”
Charley’s face flushed red with anger.  “I’m well aware of General Order Number One, thank you.  The whole purpose of us coming here was to interrupt the time stream, stop what happened, change everything.  Save the damned planet, Rey.  Don’t you get it.  And now…now…I think I failed even in that.”
Rey just shook his head.  “I don’t believe I’m hearing this.”
“There’s something else.  Not to add fuel to the fire but you know yourself that my…uh, my condition, is getting worse.  Rey, I’m not sure how much longer I’ll be…you know, functional.  Voidtime syndrome’s like that.  ALBERT’s been helping me, trying to run games and sims to stimulate my memories.  But even he says it’s a losing cause.  I’ve got—” she shrugged, extracted her face from Rey’s hands, “maybe a year.  If we do what the Central Entity wants…” she shrugged, tried on a half-smile, “who knows?  Maybe the syndrome goes away forever. This may be the best chance, maybe the only chance, for a future.”
“Yeah, that’s because we’d all be a cloud of atoms, de-constructed, drifting around like a fog bank.  Charley…Charley…” Rey stood up abruptly, stepped over to the precipice and stared down at the crashing waves below.  “…Charley, this is too much.  We should just give up on Seome and go back with Sandy…live our lives, deal with whatever comes on Shooki.  It’s not such a bad place, is it?”
Charley stepped up to the precipice and took Rey’s hand in hers.  “The Central Entity said the mother swarm is detaching part of itself…soon…to make a long trip, outside this galaxy.  Rey, they’re going to Andromeda, another galaxy.  We could be part of that, you, me, Charlotte, all of us.  I’ve already got the temporal coordinates to get us into the mother swarm.  Rey, think about it:  either way, as long as the Coethi advance, as long as they survive…and we know they’ve survived for billions of years…we’d see new and incredible things, unimaginable things on the way.  And with the Twister gone, there will be no farpool bridge between Seome and Urth anymore.  The Seomish can lives their lives in peace.”
Rey glanced up at the failing sun above them, its dim light growing dimmer even through the scudding ice clouds.  “As long as that star up there doesn’t blow itself up.”
Charley was now resolved to do what she knew she had to.  “Think about all this, Rey.  I realize it’s a lot.  But keep that thick, hard head of yours open and just think about it.”
“I will.”
“Now, I’d better get over to Cygnus.  I want URME to test me for pregnancy.  And I want to go over his latest analysis on Sigma Albeth…how long?  Is she really going to blow?”
The two of them clambered back across the ridge and slid and stumbled their way through icy patches back to the Uman ship.

It didn’t take long for the Unit Reserve Memory Entity to confirm that Charley’s pregnancy was very real.  
In Cygnus’ sickbay, the para-human swarm entity gave a ‘stick’ and a sample cup to Charley, who retired to a nearby ship’s head.  Moments later, she presented the sample to URME.  Rey looked on, anxious, nervous.
URME absorbed the stick into the small horde of bots that formed his ‘hand.’  He did likewise with the sample cup, absorbing its contents the same way.  Rey and Charley looked on, occasionally eyeing each other.
Finally, URME’s analysis was done.
“Probability match with known chemical and hormonal markers,” he announced.  “False positive rate on the test for chorionic gonadotropin, adjusting for amphibious changes in chemical structure, is approximately one in in ten million.  Most probable conclusion, Captain Meyer: you are indeed in early-stage pregnancy…approximately one month according to my analysis.”
Reynaldo sucked in a huge breath.  “Girl, we haven’t been—”
Charley put a finger to his lips.  “I know, I know.  It’s been a while.”  Her face darkened.  “The Coethi did this.  Somehow.  I don’t know how.  But it’s done.”
Rey nodded solemnly, feeling a bit like a fifth wheel.  “I guess we have to decide if we’re going to do this…let the pregnancy proceed.”
“You mean have the baby?” Charley looked hurt, then miffed.  “Of course, we’re going to have the baby.  Why wouldn’t we?”
“Well, you know…with all that’s going on.  And since it’s not mine, how can you be sure you can carry the child to term?”
Charley had already made up her mind.  “We’ll decide that when the time comes.  URME, any reason to suspect anything abnormal.  Am I looking at the usual nine months?”
URME brightened, which usually indicated the angel was ‘thinking,’ processing something complicated inside his CPU.  
“That’s difficult to say, Captain Meyer.  I would need to runs scans and tests on the fetus as it develops.  Given the situation, I would strongly recommend that be done anyway, at least once a week…to make sure the fetus develops ‘normally.’”
“Agreed.  Either you have to stay behind with me or we’ll have to transfer your analytical programming to some other system.  Rey and I are the only ones staying behind on Seome.”
“Charley, don’t you think—” Rey started to say something, but one look from Charley was all it took to kill his words.
“URME, since we’re staying behind, I need two more things from you.”
The angel brightened again and its face formed something you could say was a smile.  “Of course, Captain.  How may I assist you?”
“First, I want to know your near-term forecast on Seome’s sun, Sigma Albeth.  Have any more starballs been observed?  Then I want you to run a full neuro-scan on me.  I want to know where I am with this syndrome, voidtime syndrome.  Gardner-Durnstein Syndrome.”
URME processed that, accessing the sensor logs of the ship.  After a few minutes, he had an answer.
“Last detected starball impact was seventeen hours, six minutes ago.  No other starballs have been detected.  Current position of the local element of the Coethi swarm is—” he read off a series of declination and right ascension numbers.  “Centroid of this element is approximately six point two five astronomical units from Sigma Albeth…ninety-one million, six hundred and two thousand kilometers from our current position.”
“Will Sigma Albeth B go supernova, given the hits she’s already taken?”
URME analyzed more data from the ship’s logs and sensors.  This took a few minutes, so Rey and Charley left sickbay and went for a bite in the crew’s mess.  URME followed with current scan and sensor data a few minutes after they had sat down.
“Intrinsic luminosity data is inconclusive,” the angel announced from the hatch to the crew’s mess.  “History of this measurement shows a high-rate drop for many months, but lately, the change has leveled off.  I have pyrheliometer, photometer and bolometer data suggestive of continued main sequence activity if no further starballs impact the star.  Our ship’s Sunwatch array is able to keep track of every sunspot and spicule and prominence and magnetic field line and know where it is supposed to be, right down to the nearest centimeter.”
Rey said, “Sounds like you’re saying Sigma may not drop to supernova state.  If it did, URME, what would we see?”
To answer that, URME formed up a small cloud of bots sloughed off his arm, creating in mid-air a makeshift vid screen.  “This is the classical sequence…”
The simulation proceeded over their head as URME narrated what would happen. “Within the mass of Sigma Albeth B, the onion-layered shells of its elements will undergo catastrophic fusion, eventually reaching the Chandrasekhar limit of mass and begin to collapse.  The inner part of the core will be compressed into neutrons, causing the infalling material to bounce and form an outward-propagating shock wave.  The shell starts to stall in this collapse but it will be quickly reinvigorated by neutrino interaction across its interior.  Then, the surrounding material will be blasted away in a titanic rebound explosion, as the collapsing envelope of the star is explosively ejected away, sending material out into space in all directions at speeds in excess of 70,000 kilometers a second.”
“And we all die.”  
“Every moon and planet in the Sigma Albeth B system and there are twelve in all will be incinerated.  Seome itself will be quickly incinerated in an expanding shock front from the detonation.”
Neither Rey nor Charley said anything as the sim played out on URME’s tiny makeshift screen.  When it was done, Charley swallowed hard and muttered, “Well, we can hope.”
Rey said, “You know we could still leave with Sandy aboard Omt’or.  We need to do that, Charley, if for no other reason than Charlotte…and the unborn baby.  Like I said, we should just give up on Seome and go back with Sandy…live our lives, have a future, deal with whatever comes on Shooki.”
Charley looked hard at Rey, at his sharp nose and chin, his big coal-black eyes, his big floppy ears.  She had often accused him of being half-Amphib.  Plus, he had the biggest meathook hands she’d ever seen.
“I’m not sure what kind of future I have, Rey…with my condition.”  She answered Rey’s unasked question with a directive to URME.
“Show him what I’m becoming, URME.  Show him what happens to voidtime syndrome people.”
As instructed, URME recited the sad litany of an incurable disease.  “Gardner-Durnstein is ultimately terminal.  It is the brain’s reaction to flitting in and out of voidtime, like time jumpers do.  Occupational hazard is one term often used.  The syndrome starts with effects on long-term potentiation and the body’s circadian rhythms.  Irreversible embrittlement of synaptic links.  It gets worse from there.”
“There’s no known cure, is there, URME?”
“None that have been announced.  The nature of Gardner-Durnstein Syndrome is progressive deterioration of a sufferer’s hippocampal and amygdala synaptic links, particularly in the medial-temporal lobe, interfering with most forms of memory formation and retention.  There are hundreds of studies and papers.  I have had read many, scanned most and decided that they all say the same thing in different ways: ‘we don’t know why voidtime affects these centers…the mechanism is poorly understood.”  True, medbots can be and are often deployed to slow down the syndrome, re-build shattered links.  But long term, the result is the same.”
Rey looked from his tea to Charley’s face to the swarm that was URME, vaguely resembling a human being, as a shadow resembled a person.
“So, what are you saying, exactly?”
“Just this: that I really have no future if we go back with Sandy.  And not much of one if we stay here.  Reynaldo, let me blunt and try to pound this into your head.  The only future I have…we have—” she wasn’t even sure if she should put it that way, but there, she had said it—"the only future we have is to let ourselves be uploaded into the Coethi mother swarm.”
“I’m not ready to be a cloud of bots or cells or whatever—”  he realized URME was still there.  “Sorry, URME, present company excepted.  Charley, that is one helluva a gigantic step.  That’s an irreversible step too.  I know there are Assimilationists who believe in doing just that, but—” His eyes pleaded with her.  “I’m just not ready.”
 Charley held up her hands.  “Okay, okay, I get it.  Only you can make that decision for yourself.  For me, I am ready.  We have to decide about Charlotte.”
“De-construct a two-year-old child before she even has a chance to have a life…Charley, that’s insane.  That’s murder.”
“That’s what we’re dealing with, Reynaldo.  Face it.  Each of us has to make a decision, for himself.  As for Charlotte, she’s coming with me.”
Before Rey could respond, Dringoth’s head popped into the crew’s mess.
“Packbots are done loading up,” the Ultrarch-Major announced.  “URME, I need you.  Plug into ARISTOTLE and run an all-ship systems status check.  Golich wants to start the countdown in an hour.”
The angel acknowledged the order and drifted purposely out of the compartment.  Dringoth came in, fabbed something to drink from the dispenser and sat down, facing Charley and Rey.
“You two decide what you’re going to do yet?”
Charley asked, “Major, you’re really going to stay behind on Seome?”
Dringoth nodded, with a sort of half-smile.  “Me and Jumpmaster Ndiko.  Hard to believe, isn’t?  I can see the reports now—” he painted a ‘headline’ with his hands.  “Hard-bitten Time Guard captain goes AWOL, leaves ship to deserter in temporary custody, facing court-martial. Investigations are ongoing.”  He chuckled, took a sip of his drink and made a face.  “They’ll be citing me in military law school briefs for decades.”
“It’s not so hard to figure,” Charley said.  “I’ve always loved this place.  There’s just something about the Seomish…talking fish, seamothers, underwater cities—” 
Dringoth completed the picture “—exactly…kip’ts, weird weapons, mobilitor suits…you can’t really explain it.”
Charley said, “You know, URME just told us that Sigma Albeth may yet go supernova.”
Dringoth shrugged.  “I know, I know.  I’ve decided I don’t care.  I’ve been in the Guard too long.  I’ve been Pyotr Dringoth’s ‘courageous’ son too long.  I’ve been a glory hound too long.  I’ve been somebody’s pushbutton toy soldier way too long.  Now, it’s time for me.  Time to stretch a bit.  In Time Guard, I’m just a number…in fact, I have an ID number—one three seven seven six eight five.  Here, on Seome, I’m a curiosity.  I’m famous, in a good way.  I’m the center of attention…a bipedal, air-breathing creature of the Notwater in a world of talking fish.  I’m no longer a chess piece to be pushed around some board at the whim of Commandstar.  Does that make any sense?”
Rey was about to say no, but Charley interjected for both of them.  “It does to me, Major.”  She reached for and squeezed Rey’s hand.  “I guess we’d better get back to our ship.  Give Sandy some help getting ready to leave.  We’ve got some decisions of our own to make.”
With that, Rey and Charley left Cygnus and braved the icy winds and slick rubbly ground to make their way back across the island’s ridge to Omt’or.
They found Sandy deep in study of several manuals on how to pilot Omt’or into space and through time streams, back to Shooki.
Charley offered to help and the Aussie engineer was grateful.
“There’s a bloody lot of stuff to know to run this ship,” he said.  A datapad fell off his knee and clattered to the deck.  “Control algorithms, singularity core run-up, ChronoNav stuff…now I know why Farpool Service staffs these ships the way they do.  No one person can master all this crap.”
“You’ll do fine.  I’ll get with you in a few minutes.  First, I’ve got something I want ALBERT to do.”
After checking on Charlotte in her crib, Charley led Rey to her quarters and shut the door.
“What’s going on?” he asked.  His eyebrows went up suspiciously.   “You going to ravish me right here and now?”
“Don’t flatter yourself, beefjerk.”  To the ship’s AI, she said, “ALBERT, search ship’s archives.  Display last Assimilationist vid, the recruiting vid, the one from right before the Great Exit.  I forgot the archival reference.”
“At once, Captain.  Searching now.  One minute…processing…processing…racking vid…this will be displayed on your personal monitor—”
The two of them sat, then laid back together on her bunk as the SOLNET report came up on the overhead screen.   

Solnet Special Report

Establishing shot from dronecam Sparrow One, at one hundred meters altitude, longitude 0 degrees, fifteen minutes, latitude fifty-two degrees, thirty minutes.  
Anika Radovich reports:

“A sea of humanity covers the car parks that surround London’s Westfields Market.  Inside the mall, shoppers browse as usual, seeking bargains, buying vids and other gear, new shows, football jerseys, the usual stuff. Outside the mall, chaos reigns.  But it seems to be a happy chaos.
“All along one end of the car park, in place of lorries, cars, taxis and buses, are the booths.  These booths are emblematic of any Assimilationist rally.  These booths are where the awakening occurs, to use the Church of Assimilation’s own literature describing what is to happen.  Some say it is a form of mass, assisted suicide.  Some say it’s insane.  Assimilationists say is the truth of the universe, a re-absorption of our essence into the great mother swarm.  A necessary step to prepare for the coming of the Old Ones.
“Special Report came to Westfields Market to find out which point of view is right.  Maybe a little of both.” 
Her name was Evelyn Ngombe.  She was tall, maybe with a bit of Masai in her background, proud, a bit fluttery and nervous.  She grinned sheepishly as one of the techs helped her into the assimilator booth.
“A great day,” she muttered.  “Great day...so proud.”
The assimilator tech was named Gavin.  He sat at a console just outside the booth, while another tech helped Evelyn inside and made her comfortable on the seat.  Gavin shut and latched the door, pressing a button to begin the seal and containment process.  In seconds, a tight bot-proof seal had been formed around the interior of the booth, a barrier formed of electron injectors and a dedicated botscreen.
“Let’s do it,” Gavin said.  The other tech pressed buttons.
Inside the booth, a fog had formed…that was the first layer of nanobots released into the compartment.  Evelyn disappeared into the fog, only a leg and a shoulder could be seen.
The fog thickened.  A faint buzz could be heard from outside the booth.  Gavin watched as the cloud of bots thickened.  More and more bots were released and replicated, swelling to fill every cubic millimeter of the booth.  
Evelyn didn’t move.  Anika Radovich commanded the dronecam in tight, focusing on her right leg.  At first, it was unchanged, a smooth black leg with a section of her print dress showing, hitched up just above her knee.  But even as Radovich watched, the black of her skin had begun to fade.  In moments, it was almost gray, like the fog itself, oscillating between darker and lighter, but still gray.  Then the gray became a translucent shimmer, almost like a ghost, flickering slightly, but growing ever dimmer.  Her shoulder was the same.  
Evelyn Ngombe was slowly but steadily being disassembled.   She was being steadily broken down into a pattern, a pattern of atoms and molecules.  
The end came softly, almost as if the woman were walking away in a light rain.  Her body, the physical Evelyn Ngombe, began to fade inside the booth.  At first, it had been barely perceptible, just a faint blurring of her skin, her extremities, a smearing of her legs and shoulder, as if a photo had lost contrast.  
In time, and the time was less than five minutes, Evelyn Ngombe had devolved—that was Anika Radovich’s word—into a nearly translucent shadow, still recognizable in form, but without substance.  You could see right through the form and the shadow to the other side of the booth.
And then she was gone.  Enveloped and enmeshed and at one with the greater swarm of nanobotic mechs that would be part of the Old Ones.
And Anika swallowed hard…seeing in her mind’s eye the face and the disappearing Cheshire cat smile of Evelyn Ngombe.  
Anika Radovich added this: “This was a typical sequence of events occurring all over the world at Church of Assimilation rallies, awakenings, as they call them.  As you can see, the ‘volunteer’ is quite gone and fully disassembled.  There is no effective means that this reporter knows of to re-construct the volunteer, or reverse the process.  It is, in fact, a form of assisted suicide.
“We’ll try to move in and get some comments and interviews with other supporters and volunteers….”

Charley said to AI: “ALBERT, end play….”
The monitor went dark.
Rey closed his eyes.  He lay in the bunk next to Charley breathing slowly, aware of her warmth and closeness, trying to find words to counter what he knew was coming.
“Well, what do you think?” Charley asked.  “In our timeline, that’s how the Assimilationists did it, a few hundred years ago.”
Rey didn’t open his eyes.  “And this is supposed to make me want to be de-constructed?  Charley, it’s like that reporter said.  It’s just suicide.  That’s all it is.”
Charley was disappointed but not surprised.  She had always known this would be a tough sell.
“I guess you have to make up your mind for yourself.  As for me—” she rolled slightly to look into Rey’s face, physically opened his eyes and stared into them.  “As for me, what choice do I have?  What future do I have?  My condition can’t be cured.  Or even treated that well.  In a year, maybe two, I’ll be a vegetable with no memory of you or Charlotte or anything.  I’ll need care twenty-four hours a day, every day…forever.”
Rey sat up abruptly.  He took Charley’s head in his hands and kissed her, massaging her gill flaps.  “What about Charlotte?  What about this--?”  he tapped Charley’s tummy.  “You’ve got a newborn in there.  If you go through with this, if you get somehow uploaded into the Coethi swarm and get…deconstructed, God I hate that word—what happens to the child you’re carrying?  Does it ever have a chance to be born, to live?”
Charley got up and padded over to a small desk folded out from the wall.  She sat, head in her hands.
“Omt’or’s leaving in a few days.  Cygnus is leaving tomorrow.  Once they’re gone, we’re stuck here…you know that.  I guess Major Dringoth and Carrie Ndiko will be here, somewhere.  We’d have to make a life here.  I could ask my Seomish friends to use their procedure on you, make you more like me, amphib like me.  Grandpa Chase and Grandma Angie did that.”
Rey shook his head.  “Not going to happen.  I like being a landlubber.  Maybe we should stay here, like we are, until you give birth, then decide.”
Charley admitted the idea had merit.  “But we can’t be sure what’s going to happen with the sun.  ALBERT says it’s borderline.  Sigma Albeth could still go supernova, even if the Coethi stop starballing her.  We stay here and we could be vaporized into atoms, just like that.”
“We should leave with Sandy,” Rey muttered in a low voice.
“What did you say…I couldn’t—”
“I said, I need time to decide.  Give me another day.”
Charley just glared at him from her desk.  “I should say good-bye to all my Seomish friends.  Rey…you’ve never gone on a roam, have you?”
“A what?”
“A roam.  The Seomish call it vish’tu.  Wait a minute—” she snapped her fingers.  “I think there’s still a suit down by the beach, if the surf hasn’t washed it away.”
“So?”
“So, get dressed, beefjerk.  You and I are going on a little trip.  I’ve got to see if there’s still a functioning mobilitor down there.  And say good-bye to all my buddies.”
The two of them dressed quickly and left Omt’or, telling Sandy to keep an eye on Charlotte… “we’re just going down to the beach for a walk…”
They scrambled down from the ridge and found the abandoned mobilitor careened over in a small cove, a few hundred meters away, just below a towering escarpment of rock.  Waves crashed and hissed and foamed all around them, as Rey helped Charley drag the suit further up onto the beach.
Chapter 14

Seome
Kinlok Island
785.2 Tk (Pre-ak’loosh Epoch of Tekpotu)
February 22, 2115 (Earth C.E.)

Reynaldo Diaz looked doubtfully at the thing lying over the side of the kip’t cockpit.
“You’ve got to be kidding, right?  Me…inside that thing?”
The mobilitor was easily four meters in length, designed to contain pressurized water and allow a Seomish wearer to clamber out of the sea and locomote awkwardly, but safely on dry land.  
Now Charley had to figure out a way to make it work in reverse.
“Just for a short roam, silly.  I want you to see and feel and experience what this place is all about.  With any luck, we’ll run into people I know.”
“Fish people,” Rey muttered.  He knelt down and slowly, centimeter by centimeter, began to wriggle and squirm and contort himself into the suit.  
It was like climbing into a fish.
“Yuck…scales…slimy things,” he complained as his legs slid deeper into the suit.  “How the hell am I going to breathe in this garbage can?”
Charley had spied a used living face mask inside the cockpit. Its ring of faces was puckered and distended and empty of air. But it might be possible…. “Oh, look…we’re in luck.” 
“What’s that?”  Rey made a face that made Charley laugh.  “Looks like a ghoul’s mask.”
“It’s your air…if I can somehow finagle these guys to start working, start sucking.”
She manipulated the mask, poking and prodding at the faces, tickling them, squeezing their ‘cheeks’, until all of a sudden, as if it had awakened, one face formed itself into a winced and pained kind of look, then sucked in a huge gulp of air, and then, one after another, each face followed in turn.
After a few minutes of disembodied sucking and heaving and blowing, the entire ring of faces had full cheeks of air and looked like a line of kid’s faces ready to blow out birthday candles.
“Now what?”
“Put the mask on.”
“No.  No way.”
Charley gave him the look.  “Rey, do this for me, okay?  This mask will give you plenty of air.  Once you’re sealed inside the mobilitor, you’ll need air, right?”
Rey relented, reluctantly, frowning and shooting daggers at her with his eyes.  “Okay, but you owe me.  And this doesn’t help make any decisions, just so you know.”
“Just put it on, beefjerk.”
Rey fixed the living mask to his own face.  Charley made sure the seal was good.
“Now, duck inside---there, like that—” she shoved Rey’s head fully into the mobilitor and pressed the head enclosure shut.  “Can you breathe?” she raised her voice.
From behind the transparent headshield, she saw his face squirming and making angry faces, his tongue sticking out.  
“Yeah, barely,” came a muffled reply.  “Smells like rotten eggs in here.”
“Just so you can breathe.  Here—” she hoisted him to his feet…”let me help you up.  Now—” 
Charley sucked in some deep breaths of her own, made sure her gills were primed and working and took Rey in the mobilitor down to the water’s edge.  He shambled and trudged awkwardly, the heavy waves nearly knocking them both over.
“On the next wave,” she shouted over the roar, “just lean forward and dive in!  And prepare to be amazed!”
“Right,” Rey said under his breath.  
They timed the next wave perfectly and in seconds, Charley and Rey were underwater, momentarily caught in an undertow, but Charley kicked hard enough to pull both of them through.
She stopped and faced Rey, miming with her hands a firm patting motion on her neck.  “Do this.  It’s a sound membrane.  You can talk this way.”
Rey tried it, found it worked.  He was amazed.
“Incredible,” he whispered hoarsely, and shivered, for the water was icy and he felt a million needles stinging him, even through the suit.
“Come on.  I’ll lead.”
“Charley, I can’t…how do you work this thing--?”
“Oh, yes…I almost forgot.  You’ve got propulsors…bottom of your legs.  Like waterjets.  Just kick a few times.”
He did and instantly, he rocketed off like he was born to the water.
“Follow me.”
The water around Kinlok Island was dim and flecked with ice.  Schools of fish slithered past them on all sides, but Charley ignored them.  Rey wondered about the huge serpents—the seamothers.  Did they cruise in these waters?
They went deeper, passing in their descent long, cigar-shaped fish with glowing red eyes and gaping maws.  Rey watched as huge, veil-shaped creatures flapped their way in swarms past them.  
They descended further—Rey was impressed with Charley’s ability to maneuver and swerve like a true creature of the water.  Amphibs were like that but he didn’t really envy her that ability.
Still uncomfortable in the mobilitor suit and fully creeped out by the living mask, Rey could only watch and marvel at what was around them.
They sped over vast beds of purple and yellow coral, in fantastic shapes like a sculpture garden and fields of waving fronds and tubers.  
Charley said, “It’s amazing how life is starting to come back, now that the Twister is shut down.  Seome is such a beautiful place, if you know where to look.”
“Where exactly are we going?”
Charley said nothing for a moment. Then: “I wanted to see this again.  One last time.  I may never be able to appreciate this again.”
“You know that sun may still go supernova.  Really, Charley, we should go back with Sandy aboard Omt’or.  Back to Shooki.  Hell, maybe even back to Earth.”
“I think the starballs have stopped.  And there’s no future for me, not on Shooki or Earth.”
“You know…I don’t know how wise it was to cause such a major disruption in the timeline.  In T-001, Seome is destroyed.”
Charley knew that.  “Now that won’t happen, if all works out.  I’m not really concerned with what Farpool Service thinks or about General Order Number One.  The important thing is that Seome is safe.  All that conflict between the Seomish who came to Earth and humans won’t happen now.  Doesn’t that count for something?  No more Purple plague, no more Ponkti aggression, no Great Exit.”
Rey conceded the point.  “With all the timeline changes you’ve caused, who knows what might be left now.”
“It’s like I said…my future—our future—is elsewhere.”
Rey understood what that meant.  But to commit suicide, to allow yourself to be deconstructed in the hopes of a better life, like the Assimilationists preached…for Reynaldo, it was still too much.  He wasn’t ready for that.
“Hey, what’s that--?”
A shadowy shape had just slid alongside them.  Rey craned about, trying to make out the shape.  It looked like a—
“It’s a kip’t,” Charley said.  She slowed them up, fearful it might be a Ponkti patrol—they were still inside Ponkti waters, cruising unprotected a few dozen kilometers west of Kinlok through the Ponk’el Sea.  
Something chirped and beeped at his feet.  Rey looked down, alarmed at the sound.  It was a small oblong object, glowing at each end, attached to one of his legs.  He hadn’t seen it before.  It whirred as it made sounds.
“Charley…what the hell is this thing…is it a bomb?”
Charley brought them both to all stop and saw that their uninvited escort did the same.  She looked back.
“Oh…it’s an echopod…I think.  I didn’t know this mobilitor had one.”
“It’s vibrating.”
“Let me have it.”  Rey nudged the thing forward with his mobilitor ‘feet.’
Charley rubbed one glowing end and soon a stream of gibberish emanated from the object.  It was shaped like a small pineapple.
“Kkkllqqkk…shkreeah…-derstand this…make…adjust…qqkkllckckc…to talk—”
“I know that voice,” Charley decided.  She continued to manipulate the echopod, trying to smooth out the translation, rubbing, squeezing, fondling the thing.  Eventually: “…’blek…with Tailless…you kkllqq-‘derstand this—”
“Hablek!  Is that you?  Who’s that with you?”
Hablek was the pilot of the kip’t.  Charley had seen others behind him.  It was Major Dringoth.  And Carrie Ndiko.  Both sporting living masks.
Hablek explained that he was en route to Omsh’pont, a four-day trip from Kinlok.
“I take Tailless to the Metah…there is an audience.  We roam in vish’tu together.”
After some discussion, Charley admitted she had taken Rey Diaz on a little jaunt.
“I just wanted to see Seome one more time.  We’re leaving soon.”
Hablek’s voice buzzed and clicked, then: “Return you zzzhhh to your home waters, yes?”
Charley thought about Rey, crammed into the mobilitor behind her.  “Not exactly.  To another place.  Maybe a better place.”  She tried to explain as best she could what might happen.  Then, she added, “But Hablek…I won’t have a ship.  Both ships at Kinlok are leaving soon. We don’t have a way to approach and enter the Farpool.”  If there’s still a Farpool, she didn’t add.  The Twister shutdown had pulled energy from the entire vortex field; all the whirlpools, all the farpools were spinning down now.  
Hablek said nothing for a minute.  Then his voice came back with determination.  “I know of an abandoned kip’t.  On the T’kel rocks…a hundred beats from here.  I could tow that kip’t back to Kinlok and leave it…on the zzhhzzshh beach.”
Charley thought that might work.  She didn’t check to see Rey’s reaction, for he still hadn’t said if he was coming.  “Hablek, that would be great.  That’s exactly what we need.”
The two of them exchanged gossip for several more minutes—Charley asking about Longsee and the Omtorish friends she had once met, Hablek inquiring about the other Tailless. 
“How about your passengers?  Will they be able to adapt to life in your seas?”
Hablek passed his own echopod back to Carrie Ndiko, after showing her how it worked and how to use her own neck voice membrane, attached to her mask.
Carrie’s voice was weak and burbly.  “We’re both…erggg…doing the em’took, Captain Meyer.  Some kind of procedure.  Looking forward to seeing the sights.”
Charley smiled.  The em’took was the same procedure her own Grandpa Chase had undergone, to live and play among the Seomish.
“Good luck,” she called back.  “We’d better get back to the island.  The others may need some help getting ready for departure.”
She waved farewell to Hablek, with his Uman passengers, and helped bring Rey around smartly.
“We’re headed back, I hope,” Rey finally said.  “I’ve seen enough.”
 “You don’t want to live with the talking fish?”
“Charley, I just want to go home…wherever that is.”
The trip back took several hours.  During that time, both of them said little, each lost in their own thoughts.

Charley clambered out of the waves and helped Rey stagger upright and slosh through the surf to the beach.  Both of them lay down, exhausted by the trip.
“Here…let me help you out of that thing,” she told him.  “Lie back…”
Slowly, centimeter by centimeter, with a lot of grunting, groaning and cursing, Charley was able to extricate Rey from the mobilitor.  When he was free, he lay back wedged against a rock and clawed his fingers through the sand, grateful just to have something solid to hold onto.
“Let me rest for a moment.”
Despite the freezing wind and the low dark clouds scudding by overhead, they both lay back, letting the waves lap against them.  Rey shivered but seemed in no mood to get up.  Charley wrapped her own body against his for warmth.  Amphibs could regulate their body temps differently from airbreathers.
After a time, Rey spoke up.  “I don’t think that sun’s gotten any dimmer.  Do you?”
Charley opened her eyes.  “Hard to tell, through the clouds.  Maybe the starballs have stopped.  We should check with URME one last time, before Cygnus takes off…see if he has any updates on Sigma Albeth.”
“Charley…” His voice now seemed different, lower, almost pleading.  “Charley…I guess I do want to come with you.”
Charley silently clenched and pumped a fist.  Yes!   “So, what made you change your mind?”
Now he sat up and they embraced, an airbreather male human and a female amphib, huddled against a fierce, knife-like wind.  The sea and the surf crashed and roared nearby.
“On the way back, I realized I just wanted to be with you.  It’s like we’re a team, you know…like when I was a midfielder with Dominion MC, when we’re in London—”
“Yeah, those were pretty great times, Rey.”
“So, we’re a team.  And teammates support each other, cover for each other, celebrate each other when there’s a goal.”
That made Charley laugh.  “Where we’re going…if we ever get there—I’m not sure they have megaball.”
Rey kissed her.  “So, we’ll start a team.  Maybe even a whole league.  It’ll be like an Intergalactic Premier League.”
That made Charley laugh again.  “Here, let me help you up.  We should go check on Sandy and see if he needs help getting the ship ready.  And paw through our supplies for anything we might need here.  Plus, I want to check with URME again on the status of Sigma Albeth.  I don’t particularly want to get caught here if the sun’s likely to blow up.”
They got awkwardly to their feet and slopped through ankle deep water, then Rey said, “Charley, answer me one thing.  With the Twister shutdown and all the farpools going away and both ships too, how are we going to—” he raised his arms in a quizzical fashion, “—how are we going to go to—you know—the place you want to get to?”
Charley snapped her fingers.  “Rey!  Thanks!  That reminds me…there’s something I need to retrieve from my uniform pocket…something Grandpa Chase gave me—come on!”
They scrambled and slipped and slid and clawed their way up the icy cliff toward the summit of the ridge.  Jumpship Omt’or sat on a small ledge near the top, a pear-shaped craft ready to make its next, possibly final, jump across time and space.
They didn’t see below them, in the crashing and foaming surf, the shape of an abandoned kip’t being rolled and shoved by wave action up onto the beach.  Hablek had been as good as his word.

They found Sandy on the command deck, deep in the study of several tablets, perched on his knees.
“Bloody hell,” the Aussie engineer complained, “there’s a lot to be learned about this jalopy.  All help would be appreciated.”
Charley said, “Give us a few minutes to get supplies off the ship and moved over to the cave.  Then we’ll sit with you and go over stuff.”
For the next hour, Charley, Sandy and Rey unloaded supplies—clothing, the fabricators, parts, shelter materials—off Omt’or and staged them for transport across the ridge top.  Rey had already fabbed a barebones shelter in a cave on the other side, not far from Cygnus’ landing site.  Cygnus had already given up two packbots to help with the move.
Charley detailed Rey to go over the ship’s operating procedures—controls, sensors, navigation, ChronoNav, her singularity engine…now likely on its last legs.  While that was going on, they got a visit from Lieutenant Golich.  
“I came by to see if you needed any help,” Golich admitted.  He smiled at Sandy’s face as Rey was taking the engineer around the outside hull of Omt’or, pointing out the flow vanes and other control surfaces and her propulsors.  “Never thought a jumpship could be manned by one person.”
Charley agreed.  “Farpool Service would have a fit.  We’re violating every regulation imaginable even thinking about this.  But it can’t be helped.”
“You’re really staying behind…you and Diaz?  What will you two do…go live with your fish friends?”
“It’s an idea,” Charley said.  “Sandy’s making the jump back to Shooki, same time stream, we hope.  We’ve got a pretty decent shelter set up in a cave—” she pointed to the craggy top of the ridge above them.  “Other side from here.  It’s big enough to house several fabbed structures, plus what we’re unloading from Omt’or.”
“Anything you think you need from us, just say the word.”
Charley had been thinking about the Twister, now an inert dome several kilometers out to sea, barely visible in the mist and ice fog.
“Lieutenant, have you got any hyperlitic grenades onboard?”
“Some, probably.  In our arms locker.  Why?”
Charley motioned Golich to follow her inside the lockout, where they could be out of the gusting, howling wind and could hear each other.
“I want to set some charges on the Twister casing.  Destroy it completely.  Controls hut and supply shed too.”
Golich’s face turned serious.  The Lieutenant massaged his droopy black moustache warily.  “The Twister’s shutdown.  We’re taking all the chronotron pods with us.  And you may need the hut and the shed.”
Charley said, “That machine has brought nothing but misery and wreckage to this world.  I don’t want there to be even a remote chance it could be started up.”
“Suit yourself.  Follow me.  I’m sure we can spare a few charges.”
They crossed the ridge and boarded Cygnus, where Acth:On’e, Ariel Levee and URME were deep into preparations for Cygnus’ departure, now only a few hours away.
Golich led Charley to a well-shielded compartment on E deck.  He let the bioscan see his face, then swung the heavy hatch open.  The compartment abutted the ship’s Deflector Controls and a small-arms locker.
Inside, he retrieved five small metal containers and loaded up Charley’s arms with all of them.  
“Mark Four…hyperlitic grenades, with pyro-frag liners too.  These babies will flatten mountains.  The boxes have biosecurity keyed to the Major’s face and mine.  But here’s the manual lock and entry—” he tapped his fingers on a small stud on the side of one box.  “Manual code needed here.  This is the code—” he showed a sequence of characters from his wristpad to Charley, who committed the string to memory.
“Tell me, Lieutenant…where does Cygnus go from here?”
Golich closed up the locker and secured it, taking a deep breath.  “We’re jumping to Keaton’s World, first.  I’ve already entered our situation in the log…both the Major and Jumpmaster Carrie Ndiko are listed as MIA, presumed dead.  Casualties of war, here on this hellhole.  I can’t tell you how happy I’ll be to lift off this burg and go home.”
“Even if they court-martial you?”
“Even if they string me up by my thumbs.  The way I figure it, with Commandstar ordering a general withdrawal from the Halo—the word we got is that the sector’s not defensible with what we have—a lowly lieutenant like me might just get lost in the shuffle and chaos of the pullback.”
Charley sympathized.  “Bureaucracies are ever the same, in your time and mine.  Good luck to you…and your crew.”
She said quick good-byes to Acth:On’e, Levee and URME and left Cygnus, after first making sure to store the grenades safely in their new cave home.  Then she scooted back to Omt’or as fast as the rubbly ground would let her, for Golich was intent on taking off within the hour.
She had just hoisted herself through Omt’or’s airlock when she felt a deep rumbling in the ground under them.  She shut the hatch and found a porthole on the other side of the deck, next to the Defense tech’s station.
Outside, she just caught a glimpse of Cygnus vaulting skyward, riding a spear of flame.  Waves of thunder rolled across the top of the ridge, rocking the ship slightly in the concussion of the launch.  The Time Guard jumpship lit up the underside of the clouds like a miniature sunrise, then the ship arrowed her way into the clouds and was gone, leaving only a faintly illuminated corkscrewing trail of dust and ice behind her, all the way to the ground.
Soon, the peal of her engines died off and she was gone.
Charley wondered what would happen to them.

She found Rey with Charlotte and Sandy in the crew’s mess.  The Aussie engineer looked a bit sad, maybe an anxious kind of sad, as he tickled Charlotte’s chin.  
“I guess you heard that,” Charley said.  She made herself some tea and took over Charlotte duties from Rey, rocking the one-year-old back and forth, cooing and smiling into her little face.
Sandy nodded.  “Omt’or’s next up.  I think I’ve got everything under control.”  He patted the worn and stained surface of the table, covered with the outline rings of hundreds of cups of coffee and tea.  “She’s been a good ship.”
Rey said, “I sent the two packbots—Charlotte’s been calling Herbie and Howie—on to the cave.”
“You’ve got everything you need from ship stores?” Sandy asked.
“I think so.”  Rey looked at the dazed, slightly distant look on Charley’s face.  “You okay?”
Charley snapped out of it.  The syndrome?  Or just thinking…it was hard to tell.  “Yeah. I think so…for a minute, I wasn’t sure—oh, never mind.  I’ll miss this ship, myself.”  She hadn’t told Sandy she was pregnant.  No need to burden the engineer with that.  
The Aussie stood up abruptly.  “Not to be a bad host, but I really should be getting underway.  I’ll miss you two—” he tickled Charlotte’s chin again, “and this one as well.”
Charley stood up too and they hugged.  “You’ve got your own family back on Shooki.  Get going…we’ll be okay here.”
Sandy looked doubtful.  “In a cave.  I doubt that.  But at least you’ve got friends under the water.”
“And a kip’t to go visit them,” Charley told him.  Instinctively, she felt for the egg-shaped object she had retrieved from her jacket, the warm thing Grandpa Chase had given her.  
Where we’re going, I don’t think we’ll need a kip’t for long, she thought but didn’t say.  
They said final farewells outside the ship’s lockout, on E deck.  
Sandy shook hands with Rey and Charley one last time.  “Aussies like to say hooroo.  Blessings to all three of you, mates.  My Sheila will give me hell if I’m late to dinner.”
“Give us half an hour to get over the ridge to our cave home and cover, Sandy, before you kick this bucket into high gear.”
The red-haired engineer beamed, filled with anticipation of going home, back to friends and family.  
“Will do.”
Charley, Rey and Charlotte cycled outside and made their way to the burrow and overhang that fronted the cave.  The sun was going down, clouds scudded by overhead and twilight was in the air.  The winds were howling, sending rock dust everywhere.
Rey made sure Charlotte was securely cocooned in her bunk, then joined Charley on a narrow precipice above the cave entrance, mostly protected from the elements but with a clear view through a cut to Omt’or, now squatting on her legs a few hundred meters away.  Rough surf in the ocean beyond littered the horizon with whitecaps and foaming breakers.  Beyond, the faint outlines of the dome of the Twister could barely be seen.
Several minutes later, Sandy enabled the jumpship’s propulsors.  
Immediately, a low rumble, more felt than heard, stirred the ground around them.  Seams of rock loosened and cascaded down behind them into the cave entrance.
“We should have set up the barrier,” Charley decided.  “I hope Charlotte’ll be okay in there.”
“I rigged up a barrier around her bunk,” Rey said.  “She’ll be fine.”
“Look!”
They heard the low whine of the jumpship and saw it disappear momentarily in a haze of whirling sand.  On the ground, rockets were the rule.  Displacement engines tended to drag whole planets into voidtime if they were used too near to them.  A parabolic orbit was needed first, to take advantage of Sigma Albeth’s enormous gravity well.
The jumpship rode a spear of flame into the heavens and soon vanished into the clouds.  The thunder of her rockets pealed across the beach and echoed off the cliffs, resounding for several minutes afterward.  Charley let the image settle in her mind.
The sea was rising in the bay and swept over the beach with hissing breakers, quickly erasing the last evidence of the Uman camp.  Fortunately, the kip’t Hablek had left them was still there.  Beyond the headlands, heavy swells boiled and dense icy mist soon blanketed everything.    A dull red glow glinted off the rock cliffs behind them, diffusing in the mist like a false sunset.
“Come on,” Charley cried, standing up.  “We’ve got work to do.”
“What work?”
They scrambled down to the cave, removed small piles of rock from the entrance, checked on Charlotte, then retrieved the hyperlitic grenades.
“I think that skimmer’s still parked in a cove on the north side, just below those cliffs.”
Rey looked askance at the grenades in her arms.
“Charley, really…suicide?  Just end it all right here and now?”
“No, you stupid beefjerk.  These are for the Twister.  And those huts on the ridge top.  She explained her reasoning.  Still disturbed, Rey accepted her words and gingerly took possession of several grenades.
They found the Time Guard skimmer mostly intact and boarded it, firing up its props.  The ride out to the Twister casing took an hour, an hour of harrowing swells and towering waves, with the skimmer nearly swamped several times.  Finally, they made it to the machine.
Charley had visualized how to deploy the hyperlitic devices.  
“One at the apex and the other four around the circumference, right at water level.  That should cause the casing to implode and the force from above should push her right into the sea.”
Carefully, they mounted the charges on davits left over from the chronotron pods and set the timer.  
Back aboard the skimmer, Rey guided them through fierce gusts and rising seas, again nearly capsizing as they approached the cove below Kinlok’s northern cliff face.  He beached the skimmer and they set the rest of the hyperlitic charges inside the controls hut and the supply shed.
“Let’s take cover,” she said.  Rey didn’t have to be told twice.
At the set time, they watched from the same ledge they had used before, making doubly certain the barrier at the cave entrance was now on and secure and Charlotte was well protected from the shock waves.
The Twister casing, barely visible in the distant mist, imploded with a tortured scream of metal.  It rose in a crumpled heap to several times its original height, then fell majestically back into the sea with a rumbling crash and was gone.
The controls hut and supply shed exploded as well and vanished in seconds, along with half the ridge top.  Debris and rock chips, not to mention ice shards, rained down on them for three minutes.
“Back to the cave,” Charley said.  They scrambled down the slope and shut down the barrier to enter.  On impulse, Rey fired the barrier back up once they were inside.
Charley took Charlotte in her arms—she had slept through the whole affair—and strolled about their cave.  The floor was strewn with pallets, bags, sacks and boxes of gear and supplies.  Coils of cable and wire hung from bolts driven into the cave walls.  Herbie and Howie stood at attention in one corner, their eyes blinking green, enabled for duty.  She thought to check her wristpad and was surprised at the date.
“Rey…Rey, look at this.  I’ve got my timer set to both Seome and Shooki time.  You know what day it is here?”
“A day to forget?”
“No, silly…in Seomish time, today is 785.2 Tekpotu.”
“So what?”
“This is the day the Seomish memorialized as the day of the Kel’vish’tu…the day of the Great Emigration.  The day when she sun went kablooey and so many died.  Some made it through the Farpool and they came to Earth.  But now…that won’t happen.  I…we…changed it.”
Rey was dubious.  “Congratulations on screwing up the time stream, Charley.”  He went to the cave entrance and peered out through the barrier, watching the lines of whitecaps and breakers rolling toward them.  “So, where do we go from here?  I’ll tell you one thing: I’m not doing what Dringoth and Carrie are talking about.  I’m not going through any procedure to become a fish.  You said we’re leaving Seome.  So, how do we get off this rock pile?”
Charley reached into her jacket pocket and withdrew the egg-shaped device.  “With this.”
“What’s that, some loose rock from a creek bed?”
Charley, thinking of her time at Ford’s Creek with Grandpa Chase, said, “In a manner of speaking, yes.  I was given this.  Grandpa said when we’re ready to leave, just squeeze it and hold it.  See, it’s even glowing.”
She killed the entrance barrier and went outside the cave, hoisting herself to a short cliff behind the entrance.  She stood there, unsteadily bracing herself against the wind gusts, and stared out to sea.
She squeezed the egg and held it firm, feeling its growing warmth spreading through her body.
At first, she didn’t notice anything different.  Then, through the fog and mist, she saw something she never expected.
Several kilometers offshore, faintly visible but forming itself into a clear apparition, was a writhing, ropy waterspout, churning in the distance.  She blinked, unable to believe what she was seeing,
That shouldn’t be possible, unless—
“Rey…Rey, come look.  Rey…get your ass up here!”
After a few minutes, he appeared at her side, having climbed up to the ledge.  
“Look out there.”
“What am I looking at?”
“See the waterspout?”
“Vaguely.  So what?  It’s a waterspout.”
Charley looked at him with disgust.  “I think it’s a farpool, Rey.  And that can’t be…the Twister’s gone.”
“What are you saying?”
She held up the egg-shaped device.  “Grandpa Chase gave this to me.  He said when we were ready, hold it and squeeze.  I did that.  And then there was a waterspout.  If I’m right, that’s farpool.”
“You mean like a wormhole?  A corridor?  Don’t be ridiculous.”  
“Rey, I think the Coethi sent this.  This is our path.  This is the way.”
A big part of Rey had never wanted to believe matters would come to this.  Now, he couldn’t deny what his eyes were showing him.  He stared out to sea for a long moment, willing  the mists and the fog to hide the damned waterspout.  But it remained, persistent, even faintly glowing.  It was real.
He sucked in a breath.  “So, is this it?  This is what you…we…have been waiting for?”
Charley nodded.  “It is.  This is the big game.  Rey, go get Charlotte and your backpack.  Get some towels and blankets too.  And maybe some foodpaks.”
He hesitated a second, then laid a hand on her shoulder, almost afraid to touch her.  Maybe this was just her condition.  Maybe the syndrome.  “What are you going to do?”
“I’m going to go drag that kip’t down there up on the beach.  And make it ready for us.”
Rey swallowed audibly.  “Charley, maybe we ought to—”
But she wasn’t listening and charged down from the ledge, scrambling and clambering and slipping her way down the slope to Kinlok’s narrow sliver of a beach.  
“You and Charlotte…meet me at the beach!”
Rey stared in dismay, then stung by what he was seeing, what he was trying not to see, he let himself down to the cave entrance and collected their daughter.  Charlotte was still half-asleep, gurgling, spittle drooling from her mouth, as he inserted her in his backpack and grabbed a few supplies.
He was down on the beach in a few minutes, having nearly slipped off the side of the cliff twice.
Charley had somehow managed to shove the kip’t onto the beach and turn it cockpit-side up.  She had opened the canopy and was cleaning out the interior, making it ready for its crew.
Rey lay the backpack carefully on top of a small rock outcrop and helped.
“You two sit in back.  Put Charlotte on your lap.  I’ll drive.”  She tossed some debris overboard and used her jacket sleeves to wipe down as much of the interior as possible.  The kip’t was standard Seomish in layout, with jet-like propulsors at the stern, a few flexible diving planes amidships and a control board of vibrating membranes.
“Okay, you two climb in.”
Rey said, “Charley, do you really want to do this?”  He had hoped this was all in her imagination, an artifact of voidtime syndrome, a bad dream, maybe something she had eaten.  
Charley, squatting inside the cockpit, looked up.  “Rey, this is like a big megaball game.  It’s natural to have nerves.  Once we’re underway, it’ll be all right.”
“Is this where we do like the Assimilationists?  You know…get disassembled and all?”
She frowned.  “Honestly, I don’t know.  But we can’t really stay here.  There’s still a chance the sun will blow up.  You don’t want to do the procedure.  We can’t just live out our lives on this rockpile of an island.  That farpool out there…Rey, that’s our ticket out of here.”
“But to where?”
She held up her hands.  “I really don’t know.  I just know this is the way.  Squeezing that egg thing made this happen.  The Coethi…the Central Entity…promised they would make it possible for us to have new lives.  Rey, this is the road we have to take.  Don’t you trust me?  Haven’t I followed you all over Earth when you were on megaball teams…London, Baltimore, Singapore.  I trusted you.  I knew you knew what was best for us.  Now, here…you should trust me.”
The seconds that followed seemed to last an eternity, an eternity in which every megaball match, every venue, every goal scored, every crowd roar flashed by his eyes.
“I do, Charley.  I do.”
“Then get in.  We need to get going.”
Rey got Charlotte situated in a nook to his side and climbed in after her.  Charley took the pilot’s position up front.  She swung the canopy down and secured it.
Then, shouting and barking at the control board, she got the jets started and the kip’t lurched and wallowed its way to the water’s edge, pounded and tossed by waves and surf.  She revved the propulsors and drove them deeper and soon enough, they submerged and the ride became smoother.
It will be nice to get away from all this, Rey lied to himself.  He scratched Charlotte’s chin and fussed with her onesie and the frilly ruffles around her neck.  
Charley was deeply engaged in piloting and navigating the craft.
“I’m not so good at echo navigation, so I’ll just steer on this heading.  We should be able to feel the vibration of the farpool—that ‘spout—before long.”
For many minutes, the kip’t cruised a few dozen meters below the surface of the Ponk’el Sea, dodging small ice rafts and chunks, then plowing through a drifting mass of seaweed.
Finally, Charley reported the first faint tugs of something.
“I think we’ve found it, Rey.  Feel it?  That thrum in the hull?”
“I feel it.”
Nothing more happened for awhile as the kip’t approached the waterspout.  Rey had drifted off into a light doze when a faint tug on the side of the craft startled him awake.
“Hey.  Something’s happening—“
Charley stirred ahead of him, shifted her body.  “I’m trying to stay on this heading but something’s throwing us off.”
“It feels like we’re moving sideways.”  Rey plastered his nose to the porthole, trying to make something out.  “It’s silty out there.  Dark too.  Deeper water.  You feel that?”
Some kind of force was pushing them sideways in the water.  At the same time, the compartment picked up a light shuddering vibration, gyrating like a top at the end of a string.
“Yeah…what’s happening?”
“I don’t know, but I think we’re on the outer edge of some kind of vortex…the water’s all rushing sideways, dirt, pieces of things…I can’t really make it out.”
“We must be close now.”
The force began to increase, a centrifugal force that soon shoved them to one side of the compartment and pressed them hard against the walls.  Worse, the compartment began a slow roll, a rotation that didn’t remain slow for long, but picked up rate at a steady clip.
Soon, they were spinning enough to become disoriented and dizzy.  
“Charley…my stomach…I don’t feel so—“
Rey’s words were suddenly lost in a bright flash of light, a searing, painfully white strobing light that flooded the compartment and blinded them both.
“Ow…I can’t see—“
Charlotte started crying.
The spin kept accelerating and moments later, Charley and Rey passed out.
Early that morning, there were no witnesses to what happened next, the incredible sight offshore of Kinlok Island, just before dawn.  Backlit with the orange glow of sunrise to the east, a thin ropy waterspout had formed several kilometers offshore.  As the spout danced and skipped across the waves, a bright pulse of light emerged from the sea and vaulted heavenward along the length of the spout, followed by a series of light pulses, as if the spout were sucking buckets of light right out of the ocean.
The light pulses disappeared into low-hanging clouds and vanished, leaving only a faint iridescent flicker, like a silent lightning discharge.  
Moments later, the waterspout collapsed into the sea and the ocean returned to its restless heaving.  
Unknown to millions of Seomish, Charley Meyer, Reynaldo Diaz and baby Charlotte had just been catapulted into the whirling heart of the wormhole at the very center of the farpool.  Caught in a roaring, crashing river of infinite eddies and currents of time, they rode the dragon’s tail until they all passed out.   
Like a cocked fist, the farpool grabbed them and yanked them out of the mainstream of normal time and into the midst of a million tomorrows.
Their destination was the mother swarm of the Coethi…and places and times unknown.

END
Appendix

The Uman Alliance (UA)

UA is an outgrowth of the old United Nations of Earth.
The term ‘Uman’ is an outgrowth of the word Human and encompasses both natural human beings and post or transhumans, like cyborgs and androids and other AI entities. The UA hosts no real ‘alien’ races, as none have been discovered as of 2814 CE. All UA member states are human settlements, in one form or another. 
By this time, human beings and human-machine entities (cyborgs and androids) have created several dozen settlements among the nearer stars.  
A few of these settlements are Keaton’s World (star-sun Sturdivant 2180); Gibbons’ Grotto (same sun); Telitor (star-sun Delta Recursa); Poona-Peeona (star-sun Lalande 21185); Hapsh’m (star-sun Epsilon Eridani); Byrd’s Draconis (star-sun Ross 154); and Landfall 4 (star-sun Gliese 876).  There are sixteen human settlements in near-sun space, within about 25 lightyears of the home system.  
In the year 2775, fourteen of these settlements formed the Uman Alliance, after a constitutional convention on Keaton’s World.  The founding date was Midtober 5, 2775 (T-001).  The Articles of Alliance are the founding documents.  They read like an updated UN Charter.  Two settlements (Gavrilon and Nanjiang, both of star-sun 40 Omicron 2) both elected to remain outside UA but cooperate closely with the Alliance. 
UA is organizationally a close analog of the UN.  There is a General Assembly, a Secretariat and a Secretary-General, a Security Council, an Economic Council, a Court of Justice, UA Health Organization and various associated agencies and units.  
The Security Council has a War Department known more formally as UNIFORCE (also UmanForce or UA Force).  Time Guard is part of the UA FORCE organization.  
Time Guard has a mandate to deal with threats and adversaries that can manipulate time streams and that threaten Uman time streams.  
The putative capital of UA is Paris, France.  After the Great Exit from Earth (Urth), an alternate capital complex was created on Keaton’s World and this settlement is often considered to be the real home of the UA, as its founding convention was hammered out and signed there in 2775 AD. 
History of the Uman-Coethi Conflict

Prelude to War:

The primary story arc occurs in Time Stream 001 (ca. 2814 CE) in a number of locations in Halo space
The existence of the Coethi became known to Humans in the 22nd century.  Discovery of a mobile formation of swarm elements moving through the lower Galactic Halo some 65,000 light years from Earth, was detected by Farside Observatory in 2255 and confirmed by observation from Frontier Corps Station T (Titan orbit at Saturn) in 2260. 
The nature of the formation was hotly debated for several decades until it became apparent that the formation was on an intercept course with our solar system and the encounter would happen in the middle of the 28th century (on or about 2770 CE). 
First manned interstellar flight occurred in 2215.  Aurora mission to Proxima Centauri.  
Rapid expansion into near-Earth interstellar space becomes possible with hyper drives late 22nd century.  
2302 CE: More precise surveillance of Coethi mother swarm places its centroid location in the lower Galactic Halo, known as Halo Alpha.  Distance from Earth/solar system about 75,000 ly. 
2640-2692 CE: Three hundred years later, new developments in temporal science and engineering led to new technological breakthroughs allowing Umans to travel through time for limited excursions.  Not long after these developments, Umans learned of a  threat in the Inner Spiral and Lower Halo sectors of the galaxy.  A race of machine-like swarm entities called the Coethi had also developed a means of conducting temporal operations and were beginning to alter time streams around outlying Uman settlements in such a way as to eliminate these Uman settlements from ever having been established…changing the very nature of space-time and the historical record. Umans had to counter this threat immediately.  A new military force was set up, known as the Time Guard.  
2766 CE: First direct encounter (in Time Stream T-001) between humans and Coethi. ‘Incident at Hapsh’m,’ where one detachment mission (Operation Galactic Hammer) saw a small detachment of jumpships return to base and the base came under immediate attack from Coethi scouts who had hidden in the ships (morphed into human-like creatures) and returned with the Umans.  The Time Guard base at Hapsh’m was in a hell of a fight but Jump Master Oscar Keaton was able to rally a small force of mechanics, cooks, armorers, and office staff, including some bots, to counter-attack and destroy the Coethi, though some did escape back into another time stream.  For this effort, Keaton was awarded a Distinguished Valor medal (DVM 3rd class with star clusters) and promoted to Jump Sergeant.  Not long after that, he applied for Time Guard OCS and was admitted on probation (due to academic deficits).  The school was at the Time Guard base on Byrd’s Draconis.  
2790 CE:  Oscar Keaton meets Monthan Dringoth in Time Guard Academy at Byrd’s Draconis.  Keaton goes into service, distinguishes himself in several missions.  His first assignment was as engineering officer of a Time Guard jumpship called Pollux.  The mission of ships like Pollux was to cruise in and out of time streams hunting down and engaging Coethi ships and scouts and hopefully destroying them.  Jumpships also patrolled especially critical time streams, such as the streams when certain bases and colonies were established in the Lower Halo and Inner Spiral.  It was vital that these time streams remained unaltered.  After a distinguished career in Time Guard, Keaton then leaves Time Guard for Frontier Corps and founds Uman settlement on what would become Keaton’s World, fifth planet of the star-sun Sturdivant 2180. 
2802 CE.  Battle of the Gauntlet.  Monthan Dringoth has graduated from Time Guard Academy and been assigned to jumpship Majoris.  This was the same Majoris that almost singlehandedly engaged and ran off a whole squadron of Coethi jumpships in Strategic Time Stream T-4487, known as the Battle of the Gauntlet.  Majoris was basically destroyed but Dringoth and some of her crew survived and were marooned in Time Stream T-4487 for days before being picked up by another jumpship.  It was Dringoth who kept most of the group alive and together during this time.  Although he and the survivors suffered grievous injuries, his efforts saved twenty brave men, woman and several invaluable bots.  He received a Legion of Merit medal for this.  Dringoth knows firsthand what it’s like to be marooned in alternate time streams…or marooned in voidtime.
2810 CE:  Encounter at Gibbons Grotto.  Eight years after the Battle of the Gauntlet, the Coethi decide to send a force recon element into the Sturdivant system, near the intersection of the Inner Spiral and Lower Halo, a contested region of space known colloquially as The Bulge.  They made a covert penetration at Keaton’s World, the fifth planet and began reconnoitering and systematically eliminating human settlements in the great underground ice labyrinth known as the Hollows, inside a satellite of Keaton’s World called Gibbons’ Grotto.  This dwarf planet was hollow inside with thousands of kilometers of caves, caverns, grottoes, mazes and warrens.   The Coethi force was eventually engaged by Time Guard forces commanded by (now) Ultrarch-Captain Dringoth, who had to fan out through thousands of kilometers of caves, tunnels and warrens, and systematically engage and eliminate the Coethi.  It was a dirty, grinding, bloody and barbaric campaign (reminiscent of another battle in another time and place) (The UA Minister of War christened the engagement with this notable saying: “Uncommon valor was a common virtue’). 
2812 CE:  After Gibbons’ Grotto, Time Guard decides to set up a new weapon to sweep certain critical sectors of disputed space clean of Coethi and resolutely defend these sectors.  The new weapon is called a Time Twister.  It’s an area weapon.  Installing and using the Time Twister will allow Time Guard to more efficiently patrol critical time streams with limited jumpship resources, while ‘sanitizing’ critical sectors of the Lower Halo.  
During his recovery and rehab from the Grotto, Dringoth was approached by Time Guard senior leadership about receiving his first command: that of a Time Displacement Battery.  A new defensive weapon had been developed in Time Corps labs.  It was called a Time Twister.  It was conceived and developed as an area weapon, able to defend large parcels of space and many time streams simultaneously.  It was designed to be installed and defended and operated by a static crew on a given planet or satellite.  The Battery would have primary defensive responsibilities and missions for a given sector of space.  
Dringoth was hesitant at first but when a promotion of two grades, all the way to Ultrarch-Major, was dangled in front of him, he agreed.  Here was a chance to really distinguish himself from his parents and get out from under their illustrious shadow, which was already beginning to happen.  Plus, he would have the honor of commanding the lead Time Twister battery in a new command, known as Timejump Command.  Dringoth figured he could almost write his own book.  
He agreed.  After some initial training and familiarization with Time Twister ops (he helped develop the CONOPS and wrote some of the doctrinal materials), he led his first Battery crew to a newly scouted world in the Sigma Albeth B system, an undistinguished and dreary backwater oceanic world known to Umans as Storm.  The planet and the star system were strategically located in the Lower Halo region known as Halo-Alpha.  It was a vital crossroads between Uman settlements in the Halo and the Inner Spiral.
So it came to be that Ultrarch-Major Monthan Dringoth and his crew of six, with a jumpship called Cygnus at their disposal and the Mark 1 version of the Time Twister, an untested weapon upon which much hope was being placed, settled onto a small island called Kinlok on this wet hellhole of a world aptly known as Storm.
It wasn’t long before they realized they weren’t alone. 
2814 CE: Cygnus lands on Storm and 1st TD begins Time Twister setup, test and initial ops. 
Typical Time Displacement Battery
(1st TD)
Organization and Specialties

Unit Code/Rating/Comments

CC1 /
Ultrarch-Major Monthan Dringoth
(Battery Commanding Officer)

TJ1 /
Temporal Operations (Firing Section)
TT1 Jump Lieutenant Nathan Golich
(Battery Executive Officer)

TJ2 /
Temporal Maintenance and Engineering
TM1 Jump Sergeant Acth:On’e
(Native of Telitor)

TJ3 /
Time Stream Search and Surveillance
TS1 Jump Master 1st Class Carrie Ndiko
(Known as “Queenie”)

TJ4 /
Defense and Protective Systems Tech
DPS 1 Jump Master 1st Class Ariel Levee

TFD1 /
Temporal Fire Director URME 101 (Unit Reserve Memory Entity)
(An embodied swarm artificial intelligence)
About the Author

Philip Bosshardt is a native of Atlanta, Georgia.  Now retired, for 23 years he worked for a large company that makes products everyone uses…just check out the drinks aisle at your grocery store. He’s been happily married for over 30 years.   He’s also a Georgia Tech graduate in Industrial Engineering.  He loves water sports in any form and swims 3 miles a week in anything resembling water.  He and his wife have no children.  They do, however, have one very spoiled Yorkie dog named Dudley.  
For technical and background details on his series Tales of the Quantum Corps, Quantum Troopers and Quantum Troopers Return, visit his blog Quantum Corps Times at http://qcorpstimes.blogspot.com.  For details on other books in this and other series, visit his website at http://philbosshardt.wix.com/philip-bosshardt or learn about other books by Philip Bosshardt by visiting www.smashwords.com. 
To get a peek at Philip Bosshardt’s notes and the backstory on how The Farpool Stories were created, recent reviews, excerpts from his upcoming novel Aftershock (due out in fall 2022) and general updates on the writing life, visit his blog The Word Shed at: http://thewdshed.blogspot.com.
