The Farpool: Diaspora
Published by Philip Bosshardt at Smashwords
Copyright 2021 Philip Bosshardt
Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Chapter 1

Aboard Europa Clipper
Jupiter Orbit Insertion
January 5, 2210 (Earth U.T.)

Three days and a handful of hours after arriving in Jupiter orbit through the Atlantic Farpool, Europa Clipper had put in at Gateway Station for some light maintenance work and re-provisioning.  Alicia Wu and Evgeni Kotlas were sitting at a table in the ship’s crew’s mess, nursing a few beers.  Kotlas fiddled with the gain on the main viewer to bring Jupiter into full resolution.  
“Looks like a fuzzy beach ball,” Wu said.   “With hair—“
Kotlas pronounced himself satisfied with the view.  “Yeah, a beach ball with enough radiation to fry your pretty little brain in about two seconds.”
“You’re assuming I have a brain…I checked mine at the recruiting station when I signed up for Farpool school.”
It was a salmon-hued world, mottled and banded with oranges, reds, browns and ambers, a cauldron of clouds, storms and majestic seething turbulence.  Alternating strips of light and dark wrapped the planet in a calico shroud and several small red spots boiled away in the north tropical zone, companions to the Great Red Spot in the south, a centuries-old hurricane churning since the time of Cromwell and King Charles.
“Ten seconds to separation,” Sonora called.  The captain scanned her boards and instruments, pronounced herself satisfied with what she saw.  Europa Clipper was docked at the forward nose port of Gateway Station, a giant sausage stuck on a plate, secured to a kebab skewer, as Alicia Wu had termed it.  
“Three…two…one…separating now—“
There was a gentle shudder and the sound of capture latches releasing.  Sonora pulsed Clipper’s aft thrusters and the ship backed off at a stately pace, eventually settling into a co-orbiting position several thousand meters from the Station.
Below them, Europa turned like a cracked golf ball, dimpled, rutted with deep ice canyons and odd brown streaks.  As Clipper backed away, the huge banded disk of Jupiter itself poked over the Europan horizon, at a crazy angle.  The moon was in a three-and-a-half-day orbit about the giant planet, averaging three quarters of a million kilometers above her cloud tops, bathed in hard radiation.
Miriam Sonora was glad Clipper and Gateway both maintained active rad defensive shielding and emitters.  Otherwise, they would have all been fried to cinders days ago.

For several days after departing Gateway, Europa Clipper coursed through the Jovian skies in a steeply inclined orbit, skirting the shoals and reefs of her radiation belts, until at last they found the first of several holes in the sheath of charged particles.  Captain Sonora passed the word to all hands that the ship was about to begin a series of maneuvers which would end up bringing them into orbit around Europa.   Clipper dropped to a lower orbit through the first of these holes, like navigating a minefield in a wartime harbor.
After a few days had passed, the ship settled into orbit half a million kilometers above the cloud tops.  By now, the planet filled nearly a third of the sky and hundreds of frothing spicules and cells of gas swept by beneath them.  The speed of its rotation flattened Jupiter at the poles and widened it to a bulge at the equator.  Ferocious winds resulted and they smeared the columns of gas into all sorts of grotesque and beautiful shapes.  Wu and the rest of the crew that came by the crew’s mess watched the scenery below for hours at a time.  Wu found herself transfixed by the ever-shifting palette of colors and shapes.  She could well imagine the planet’s visible face as a giant’s palette, where Nature worked as the artist to create an ever-changing panorama of colors, forms and brush strokes.
In time, Clipper made her way into orbit about Europa.  Clipper’s pilot, Reynaldo Diaz, joined some of the crew in the mess compartment, as the cracked billiard-ball of a world turned slowly below them.  
“Gives me the creeps,” Casey Winans said.  She shuddered involuntarily and sucked at her drink.
“All those cracks are seams in the ice plates,” Belket klu kel: Om’t marveled, his voice labored and wheezing through his mobilitor helmet.  “And to think that’s where we’re going, right into one of those seams.”
“And below—“ added Sonora.  She decided it was time to finish up their final briefings and get ready for the landing.  “All right, boys and girls, all hands lay aft to the Service deck.  I want to go over last-minute details before we head down.”
The briefing lasted half an hour.

“De-orbit burn in five seconds,” Sonora announced.  “This will be quite a kick in the pants.”
She took a peek out the nearest porthole.  Two hundred kilometers below, the surface of Europa looked dingy gray white, wrapped in dark lines and crevasses like a ball of yarn, oddly smooth in general appearance but definitely textured and shadowed in bizarre, even menacing ways.  
“…three…two…one…engine arm—“  
Clipper shook and shuddered like a wet dog, as her engines lit off, slowing her down for a steep descent toward the surface.  The ship was attached to a landing platform that contained her descent and ascent engines and provided a stable base to set her down on just about any surface.    If all went well, the assembly would make landfall at a site 168 degrees west by 42 degrees north, near the end of a meandering dark reddish-brown chasm called Minos Linea, in a territory known to the astros as Falga Regio.  
From there, Clipper would trundle off the platform onto the surface and begin boring her way downward, toward the subsurface ocean said to be about thirty kilometers below.  Once submerged, she would head east by southeast, to begin her survey and mapping expedition in a region known on the maps as Rathmore Chaos.
Aptly named, thought Sonora, as she eyed the surface coming up fast through the porthole.  
Sonora and Reynaldo Diaz were busy with the landing, calling out waypoints and targets with cool efficiency.  
“Two hundred meters,” said Diaz, his voice crackling with a slight tremor of excitement.  “One eighty…coming down at ten, drifting to the right…five forward…now five forward….”
Clipper had cut her forward velocity almost to zero and was now descending almost straight down.  Outside the porthole, the linear vent opening that was their landing zone loomed larger and larger, a seam of streaked warmer ice separating two churning ice rafts, dozens of kilometers square.  Sonora watched the ground coming up fast.  If she closed her eyes, she could almost imagine herself on a ski lift at Breckinridge, Colorado, coming down the slope toward the lodge.
“One hundred meters…three forward, on target, throttling down ten percent…fuel is good…looking good, Captain—“
Sonora worked the controls and gently stabilized Clipper as she dropped closer and closer.  Europa’s gravity was about a tenth of Earth’s, so movement in and around the surface would be no problem.  Beyond the porthole, Sonora could see the surface rising higher and higher in her view…rugged boulders and icescapes tumbled all over like some giant kid’s play toys.
“—contact light…okay, engine stop…that’s it, Captain!  You did it!”
Clipper settled onto the surface with a last-minute lurch and suddenly, everything went silent.  
“We’re down,” Sonora announced.  “I’m reading off target by about twelve meters…not too bad for an old cycler captain.”
Europa gave them a fantastic vista outside the portholes.  The sky was black, mostly filled by the lopsided half-crescent of Jupiter itself, the banded, striated giant filling nearly a quarter of the sky.  Deep shadows accentuated the chasms and gouges along the top of the ice surface, which was a blocky, jumbled mess of frozen forms and shapes.  
“Looks like an ocean frozen in time, Skipper,” said Evgeni Kotlas, craning his neck to see.  “Waves washing up on a beach, then zap!  Freeze it right there.”
“You’re not far wrong,” Sonora said.  
Sonora scanned her controls and instruments.  “Outside temp is about a hundred degrees Kelvin…that’s about minus two eighty Fahrenheit, boys and girls.  Just another beautiful day in the neighborhood…let’s get going.”
The crew unstrapped and set to work preparing Clipper to leave her landing platform.  After half an hour, Sonora recalled everybody to their seats.  
“I’m firing the capture latches now,” she announced.  A loud series of staccato bangs reverberated through Clipper’s hull.  No longer secured to the top of the platform, the borer submersible was free to move out on her own.  
“Engage treads,” Sonora ordered.
Diaz flipped several switches.  Clipper’s treads, three longitudinal tracks mounted circumferentially around her waist, spun up.  A low frequency vibration could be felt throughout the ship.  The submersible was coming alive.
“Drop the clutch,” Sonora said.  Diaz complied.  Clipper lurched forward, grinding against her restraints.  “We’re underway on treads.”
The giant sausage began crawling off its plate.  Sonora worked her steering through a tiny joystick at the center console, nudging it forward.  Clipper’s nose dipped as she dropped onto the ramp and trundled like a fat pig down onto the surface of Europa.  
“I’ll drive off about five hundred meters and set up for boring,” Sonora told them.  She twisted the joystick and fought the rough surface as Clipper ambled forward, rocking against boulders and tilted ice cliffs.  “I don’t want to start boring too close to the lander.  We’ll need the platform to get off this big ice cube.”
A ten-minute drive brought them rocking and bouncing to a small ledge, overlooking a narrow chasm, filled with darker ice.  Sonora braked to a halt and edged over the lip of the chasm, pointing the nose of the submersible toward the chasm floor.  Reynaldo Diaz sounded the surface with radar, and pronounced the ravine approachable.
“Temps reading twenty degrees warmer…ice may be thinner here too.  Recommending we breach here, Captain.”
Sonora agreed.  She parked the sub perched on the edge of the chasm.  “Let’s get the borer set up.  Alicia, if you please—“
Sonora unstrapped and headed with Alicia Wu, the borer operator, forward through the central gangway to A deck, where the borer and containment systems were located.  Once released from containment, the borer lens would be filled with uncountable gazillions of nanobots, optimized for disassembling solid-phase structures…like ice.  
Clipper would literally chew her way through Europa’s ice crust to the subsurface ocean thirty kilometers below them.
Inside A deck, Wu worked at the borer controls, prepping the bots for release.  Sonora helped her with configuration management.  
“This should only take a few minutes,” Sonora was saying.  “These bugs are optimized for speed of disassembly.  They like to eat things…like ice.”
“Master config loaded and verified,” Wu’s fingers flew over the keyboard.  
“I’m cycling the capture port…coming open now….”  Through the vid screen, the lens and parabolic emitter at the nose of Clipper became hazy with a blue-white glow, an incandescent glow as bots flowed out of containment, stripped atoms and began building the borer lens.  When stable and fully formed, the lens would be a hemispherical swarm of disassembly nanobots, blue-white hot from bond breaking, the teeth of the whole array.  Clipper would lower herself to the ice and the borer would chew a path through…thirty kilometers through, if the thing worked properly.
“Lens forming up—“ Sonora studied the seething globe of fire that formed at the front of the submersible.  “Looks steady, config is stable, normal bond energy levels, just a little edge effects, from what I see.  The tunnel may be a little ragged at first, but the dimensions look good from here.”
“I concur,” Wu said.  
“I’m setting us down on the ice now—“ Diaz called up to the compartment.
Sonora flipped a few switches and Clipper’s treads folded, lowering her nose to the ice.  At the same time, the borer lens began slicing into the surface, its swarm of bots snapping bonds and obliterating atoms like a hot knife through butter.  The entire front end of the sub was soon bathed in the blue-white glow.  Slowly, imperceptibly at first, Clipper slid forward, her nose inclining down at an angle.  In moments, as the borer chewed into the ice, the sub began sinking lower and lower, until her portholes were below the surface and covered with the dingy gray murk that was Europa’s icy crust.  A faint vibration could be felt throughout the hull and slight groans from her outer skin flexing could be heard.
In less than five minutes, Clipper was fully below the surface, melting and boring her way through the ice, sliding ever so slowly down a tunnel of her own making.
Europa Clipper was underway in earnest now.  If all went well, the trip through the ice crust to Europa’s subterranean ocean would take nearly thirty hours.  
Sonora stayed on A deck for a while longer, just to monitor boring operations and see that Clipper was on course, nose down at a twenty-five-degree angle and on a heading that would take her to an emergence point some three thousand kilometers from the farthest extent of her survey expedition.  After emerging from the underside of the ice, Clipper would be in her true element, operating as a submarine at a depth of five hundred meters below the bottom of the ice, some thirty-two kilometers below the surface of the moon.
Then the real mission would begin.

Clipper was cruising serenely at thirty knots, in level trim, when the first alarm sounded.  Captain Sonora had been lightly dozing on the command deck, dreaming of girlhood and rocket-hopping across the Sea of Tranquility with Ralphie and Archie and the others.  She was just about to win the race when an insistent beeping awakened her from her slumber.
She realized as she startled herself awake that it was the sonar alarm.  Clipper had detected something ahead, something big from the looks of it.  Auto-helm was engaged and she had already begun slowing.
Sonora came fully awake and rubbed her eyes.  She studied the sonar plot.  Whatever it was, it was a large object, some ten thousand meters dead ahead.   
What the hell, she wondered.  From the nav console, she could see Clipper had just about made the predicted coordinates, hundreds of meters below the ice at Rathmore Chaos.  She got on the intercom.
“Pilot to the command deck…Pilot to the command deck at once….”
Sonora disengaged autohelm and took the controls herself, slowing the ship to a crawl.  She didn’t want to run Clipper into something this big without studying it first.
Reynaldo Diaz’s head popped into the compartment a few moments later.
“What gives, Captain?”
“Take a look at the plot.”
The pilot slid into the second seat and studied the sonar return.  “Could be a loose iceberg or something calved off the top ice.  Can we get a little closer?”
“We can try,” Sonora said.  
Slowly, Clipper closed on her target, dead ahead.   The subsurface ocean below Europa’s ice surface was completely devoid of light, black as night.  But the returns from Clipper’s sonar grew more puzzling by the moment.
Eventually, Sonora brought them to a complete stop, five hundred meters away.  
The two discussed their options.

Her mission was survey and exploration, for UNISPACE and Farpool Service believed that Europa might be a suitable settlement site for Earthborn Amphibs.  It had an ice surface and a sub-ice ocean.  On Earth, conflict had only gotten worse between humans and Amphibs and Seomish.  Many humans had emigrated off Earth to other places around the solar system.  But there were voices in the Sea Council, among them Ponkti, that wanted to keep airbreathers away from ocean worlds like Europa and Enceladus too, and preserve them for Sea People and Amphibs.
Thus, Clipper’s mission had been approved.
Diaz slid into the second seat and manipulated narrow-band sonar for a better look.  “It’s in motion.  Looks like it’s maneuvering.  That can’t be…ice bergs don’t maneuver.  I think it’s a ship.”
“Another ship?  Down here…no way.”
“I don’t think it’s a berg,” Diaz said.  
Slowly, Clipper closed on her target, dead ahead.   The subsurface ocean below Europa’s ice surface was completely devoid of light, black as night.  But the returns from Clipper’s sonar indicated that the object was indeed maneuvering, matching every move Clipper made.  And steadily closing.
Diaz tugged at his lower lip, increasingly puzzled at what sonar was telling them.  “It’s too dense for ice.  It’s metal, or maybe composite.  And look at this little trace—” he fingered a fuzzy sidebar on the waterfall display.  “That looks like some kind of plant noises.”
“Plant noises?”  Sonora squinted at the trace.  “You mean like an engine?  Props?”
“More like water jets.”
Sonora thought for a moment.  “Who the hell is operating another ship down here?  Farpool Ops never said anything about another ship.  Try the low-freq channel.  See if they respond.”
Diaz pinged their target with a low-frequency blast of sound, then typed out a text query, which ALBERT, the ship’s computer, impressed on the carrier wave….

UNIDENTIFIED SHIP…IDENTIFY YOURSELF

A split second after ALBERT’s query crossed the distance, a deafening burst of sound rocked Clipper, followed by a series of acoustic shock waves.  Intense, painful, ear-shattering waves of sound blasted out of the target and Clipper was soon battered to a full stop, knocked out of trim, careening over like a wounded whale.
Rey Diaz and Miriam Sonora clung to their seats and tried to right the ship, while alarm klaxons cascaded throughout the hull.
“The planes!” Diaz yelled over the reverberation.  “They’re jammed!”
Sonora had already seen that.  “Propulsors are offline too!  We’re sinking…feel it?”
Ship’s Engineer Evgeni Kotlas had been scrolling through some notes on the Europan ocean in his bunk when the master alarm sounded through the ship.  Instantly, he sprang up and headed out into Clipper’s central gangway.  As he headed aft toward the sound of the klaxon, he collided with Sonora, coming down from B deck.
“What the hell’s going on?” 
Sonora was grim.    
“There’s a hull breach…it’s coming from G deck…there are vital systems down there.  Come on—“  Sonora pushed past and pulled herself along the gangway rails.  When she got to the hatch, she slipped inside and came up short.
She saw the problem right away.  The hull valve was in the process of failing.  And already a thin stream of water was spraying into the compartment.
“The hull valve—watch out!”
Even as Sonora dove head first into the compartment, the valve gave way and high-pressure water screeched into the compartment in an ear-splitting whine.  Sonora was knocked off her feet, hitting her head on a nearby stanchion. Water shot across the compartment floor, knocking equipment off nearby shelves, scattering pallets of gear and rapidly filling the compartment.
Through it all, the Master Alarm klaxon shrieked.
Sonora couldn’t get any closer to the valve assembly; Kotlas grabbed the Captain’s arm and held her back.  “Don’t get too close!” he yelled over the din.  “You’ll be shredded in no time….”
Sonora tried to twist free.  “The valve…I’ve got to—“
“Forget it!  It’s gone—“
Water was rising rapidly from the floor of G deck.  “At least, shut that hatch!  It’s watertight…let me get back to B deck and counterflood…try to stabilize the ship!  Maybe I can open enough air flasks to keep the breach from getting worse!”
Kotlas released Sonora.  For a moment, the Captain and the Engineer looked at each other.  Sonora knew the situation was grave and getting worse.  “Get everyone out of the aft compartments, Ev.  Right now.  Once that hatch is shut and I empty the air flasks, you won’t be able to get out.  You’ll all be killed.”
Sixty meters above them, Reynaldo Diaz was frantically fighting the boat, trying to regain some kind of stability.  He strapped himself into the commander’s seat, as the ship lurched yet again, and his fingers flew over the keyboard.
“Counterflood…counterflood, damn it!” he muttered to himself.  “Come on, come on—“
Diaz managed to open valves on several ballast tanks, overriding all safeties and inhibits, letting tons of seawater in to trim out Clipper and level her out.  A quick glance at the board told him all he needed to know.
They were listing slightly to starboard, with a ten-degree up angle on the planes, sinking tail first through four hundred meters and their rate of descent was picking up.  Clipper was stern heavy and had lost almost all forward way.  Diaz ran the throttles on her powerplant to full, trying to counter the tail drag with as much forward speed as he could but it was a losing battle.  Clipper’s waterlogged stern was dragging her down by the tail faster than her engines could move her forward.  She was losing speed and sinking, crabbing her way through the water.
Got to counterflood and get her stern up, Diaz told himself.  His fingers flew over the controls.  If he couldn’t stop their descent and soon, Clipper would rapidly descend below crush depth.  Below a thousand meters, her hull would crumple like a wad of paper and all aboard would perish in a particularly gruesome way.
“I hope to God that compartment is secure,” he muttered.  He checked the panel to his right.  Indicators showed the hatch had been shut and secured.
It was time to open the emergency air flasks.  Emergency blow and pray to God they had enough air to evacuate the compartment and put Clipper back up at the ice level.  
Then it would be a race to see if she could bore her way back up through the ice before her air ran out and she slid back down to the depths again.  
Their unknown target wasn’t making things any easier.  Every few seconds, another burst of acoustic shock waves pounded Clipper’s hull.  Diaz noticed the other ship had now started backing away, and turning about.  But he couldn’t worry about that now.  
“Time to get the borer started again,” he said.  He went through the start sequence.  
Miriam Sonora then shoved her way onto the command deck, clinging precariously to a stanchion as she launched herself into the other seat.  
They both looked at each other and took deep breaths.
“Do it” she ordered.
When the emergency air flasks were open full, air at several hundred psi would begin screaming into the compartment on G deck and into all Clipper’s ballast tanks.  Sonora wasn’t sure if the crew trapped in nearby compartments would survive the blow.  If there was a merciful God in heaven, they would all drown before that happened.
Diaz swallowed hard and pressed the buttons to start the blow.
A blast of high-pressure air shrieked into G deck.
Icy cold water still poured in, but the water flow seemed to have slacked off.  A shrieking blast of high-pressure air was still sweeping the compartment.  It was Diaz’s effort to contain the flood, and drive the inrushing water out of the compartment, into Clipper’s drains and bilge, where it could be flushed back into the sea.  
Just outside the watertight hatch to G deck, Evgeni Kotlas covered his ears and screamed at the top of his lungs, trying to equalize pressure inside his head.  
But it wasn’t enough.  
The unknown target had now ceased blasting them with sound shock waves but the damage had already been done.  Europa Clipper was mortally wounded, tail heavy and continuing to sink.  
Her planes were jammed and her propulsors were out of commission.  Springing more leaks in every compartment, her hull plates flexing and groaning in tortured screams of rending metal, she was descending with increasing speed toward crush depth.
Dead in the water of Europa’s black Ocean of Night, Europa Clipper was heading down toward certain destruction, unable to maneuver, unable to communicate, unable to stop the many leaks, her hull bending and compressing under the increasing pressure of the sea, her life support systems failing.
Automatically triggered by her onboard computer ALBERT, Clipper’s emergency buoy was released into the water.  The buoy was designed to ascend to the ice level and bore its way through topside to the surface.
But unknown to Sonora, strong currents instead swept the buoy east by northeast below the ice, bearing toward the region known on the surface maps as Rathmore Chaos.  

Farpool Operations Center
Muir City, the mid-Atlantic
January 6, 2210 (EUT) 

Sergeant Marisa Colbert had been on duty for less than ten minutes in the Watch Center when a Level One alarm disrupted her early morning routine of a blueberry bagel and coffee.  The alarm had been triggered by the Center’s main computer WINSTON and multiple system alerts crossed her board in a dizzying profusion of colors and chirps and beeps.
“What the hell?” she muttered as she scanned the panels in front of her.  WINSTON didn’t throw out this many alarms unless something was seriously amiss.  
She quickly realized the alarms had come in from Europa Eye, a network of stations orbiting Jupiter’s moon hundreds of millions of kilometers away. 
She massaged the controls and tried to dig deeper into what WINSTON was telling her, get better resolution on the alarm. Europa Eye didn’t beep without reason.  Somewhere in its nearly infinite memory were ephemeris data and trajectory details for nearly every detectable piece of space junk in the Jupiter system, out to several million miles.  Like an overprotective mother, Europa Eye knew where everybody was supposed to be, right down to the nearest centimeter.  
She only beeped and chirped when someone was out of position.
A quick perusal made the hairs on the back of Marisa Colbert’s neck stand up.  The system displayed a list of likely targets, based on radar imaging and known ephemerides.  She scanned the list and swallowed hard when she realized what Eye was telling her.
It was a distress call.  It was Europa Clipper.  The signal had been transmitted from Clipper’s base station in the icy surface of Europa.
The Farpool ship had lost contact with her base station.  She might be in trouble.  She might even be down. 
Colbert rang up the Watch Center commander’s office.
Moments later, she was joined at her console by several officers.  Among them with none other than Jump Admiral Lucas Cash, commanding officer of Farpool Service.  Cash had been running a briefing at the Ops Center, laying out plans for follow-on missions to Europa and other ocean worlds in the outer solar system…Enceladus, Titan, and others.
Cash tugged at a trim white goatee.  “What have you got, Sergeant?”
Colbert wet her lips.  “It’s Clipper, sir.  She’s lost contact with her base station.”
Cash studied the board and the scroll of the ship’s final telemetry.  The signals had just been received across the vast distance between Jupiter and Earth.  The one-way travel time was now up to forty-five minutes.
“Hmmm.  If I’m reading this right, Clipper may have suffered some kind of flooding casualty.  This data indicates…is this right?  Some kind of powerful sonar blast.  I’m reading acoustic attack…shock waves…hull breach….”
Watch Center commander Jae Kim nodded gravely.  “She may be down, sir.  If this telemetry’s accurate….”
“They’re in deep kimchi,” Cash finished the thought.  “Any other ships or missions in or around or under Europa?”
Kim shook his head.  “None that we know of, sir.  Clipper’s survey mission was pretty hush-hush from the start.  Farpool didn’t want to alarm the Ponkti or the Chinese.  You know they’ve had eyes on Europa for a long time.”
Cash agreed.  “I need to speak with CINCSPACE.  Where is the rat bastard anyway?”
Kim checked his wristpad.  “Publicly, General Komora’s supposed to be at Farside.  Some kind of dedication…new wing or something.”
“Set up a vidcon for—” Cash checked the time, “—1100 hours our time.  Komora, me and maybe UNSAC as well.”
Kim said, “Should we notify Sea Council, Admiral?”
Cash scowled.  “Those bottom feeders…hell no.  This is Farpool and UNISPACE business.  Keep the fish people out of this.  They’ll just cause trouble.  Right now, we need answers from people who know what they’re talking about.”

The briefing was held in Kim’s office.   The Watch Center commander maintained a suite on the upper floors of Muir City, with views looking south across the wavetops and the forest of structures that was the City.
CINCSPACE General Hideki Komora vidconned in from Farside, his avatar drifting about the office liked a disembodied ghost.
Cash was grim.  “You have the latest telemetry from Clipper?” he asked.
Kim nodded, calling up blocks of text from the signals. Data drifted over the conference table. “Clipper streamed a wire through her borehole when she bored through Europa’s ice shell.  Her telemetry goes up that wire to the base station on the surface, then on to Gateway…and the Europa Eye net.”  
Cash and Komora both perused the signals.  “Hmmm…depth three two five meters.  Heading one two zero, across Rathmore Chaos.  Speed twenty-two knots.  Level trim.  Nothing there.”
Kim pointed out one data block.  “The last sonar returns showed Clipper had detected a submerged object of some kind.  Maneuvering shows she was turning to avoid an intercept course.”
Komora spoke up.  Though CINCSPACE was a quarter million kilometers away, the furrows on his brow were quite distinct.  So was the vein that throbbed in the middle of his forehead.  “An iceberg?  Or an ice raft detached from the surface?”
Kim shook his head.  “Whatever it was, the object matched their maneuvers to stay on an intercept course.  It had to be a ship, of some kind.”
That brought a scowl to Cash.  “Who else is operating at Europa?  The Chinese?  The Ponkti?”
“Unknown, sir.  These data blocks are from Europa Eye—” he waved at a passing stream of video and sensor readings. 
Cash’s scowl grew deeper.  “I see only normal readings…what’s this temperature spike over Tara Regio?”
Kim consulted his wristpad.  “Geos say it was probably a diapir…a column of warmer ice rising toward the surface.  Eye didn’t see anything out of the ordinary.”
Cash was sour.  He paced about the room, staring out at clouds scudding low over the mid-Atlantic.  “Then we have a lost sub, don’t we?  And that final telemetry—”
Kim gestured at a trio of data blocks, which obediently came over to hover near them.  “Multiple pulses of acoustic shock waves were detected.”
Komora theorized, “Some of kind quake?  Ice slide, maybe?”
Kim said, “Unlikely. Clipper triangulated the shock waves to be coming from that object…the ship…which had closed on their position.”
Komora rubbed his eyes, disappeared from their view for a moment, then came back.  “I guess I’m not fully briefed on Clipper’s mission, Admiral.”
Cash was matter-of-fact.  “Survey and exploration, General.  Europa’s been a target of conflict for some time.  Her ocean has attracted the attention of a lot of fish people—it’s come up in Sea Council meetings a lot—and we knew from Intel that the Ponkti and the Chinese were planning a mission to get there before Farpool Service could show up.  It’s not enough that the Purple drove millions of normals—like me—off Earth.  Now the fishheads want half the solar system as well.  The Amphibs are drooling all over the oceans of Europa and Enceladus and Titan, if Amphibs can even drool.   Seomish designs on these worlds are detailed and, if you believe the intel, well advanced.”
Komora shrugged.  “Had to be expected, I guess.  What about Clipper’s crew?”
Cash snapped fingers and Kim produced the crew manifest.  The Admiral went down the list.  “Commander was Miriam Sonora, human airbreather.  Ten years in Farpool Service, a good leader.  She knows her way around time jumps and she doesn’t scare easily.  Pilot was Reynaldo Diaz, also human.  Young, good fitreps, but inexperienced.  He was selected because the Board wanted him to have some seasoning with a real mission.”
Komora studied the dossiers.  “This manifest says you’ve got a full-blooded Seomish male onboard.  Seems like a sop to the Sea Council, if you ask me.”
Cash acknowledged how it looked.  “Belket klu.  From the Omtorish kel.  Yeah, he’s a fishhead.  Has to wear a modified mobilitor the whole time.  He’s the navigator.  Selection Board thinking said his skills and knowledge in deep water could prove invaluable on Clipper’s mission.  Political…maybe, and a definite risk.  But the Board had to give the fishheads something.  You know how it is.”
Komora frowned.  “All too well.  And the rest of the crew?”
Cash went through the remainder of the manifest.  “Alicia Wu, Amphib female.  She’s the borer operator.  Evgeni Kotlas, human, is the ship’s engineer.  And Casey Winans, human and science officer.  Like I said, Clipper’s mission was survey and exploration, pure and simple.  Farpool Service wanted the good guys to have a say in what happens at Europa.  We can’t just leave these places to the Ponkti…they pretty much already run Earth’s oceans.  Or the Chinese. We need to have a hand in the game as well.”
 Komora was thoughtful.  “Then I guess we’re looking at a full-scale rescue mission.”
Cash asked, “What kind of assets has UNISPACE got in the area?”
Komora studied something off view.  “Well, there’s Gateway.  But the closest ship is one of our corvettes…the Brisbane.  But she doesn’t have a lander.  Couldn’t you send another jumpship?  Isn’t the Jupiter farpool somewhere nearby?”
“Just off Callisto…beyond the worst of the radiation belts.  We’d have to modify a ship for boring and subsurface ops.  We don’t have anything readily available and we need to get down there fast.  Every hour we don’t hear from Clipper is bad…that crew could be nearing the end of their life support in a few days, depending on what happened.  If they’re even alive.”
Komora agreed.  “I’ll get Brisbane redirected to make a close approach to Europa and render any assistance they can.  At the least, they can recon the surface around the base station and collect any data they can from that location…maybe something will turn up.”
Cash had suddenly stopped pacing.  He stared at the Komora avatar.  “We need information bad.  If nothing turns up in the next twelve hours, I’ll have to notify friends, family, next of kin…tell ‘em Clipper is believed down.  We’ve lost contact and some kind of rescue is being planned now.”
“I don’t envy you, Lucas,” Komora was sympathetic.  “Any ideas on who should lead this rescue mission?”
An unexpected smile flickered across the Farpool Service c/o’s face.  “As a matter of fact, I do.  I’ve got just the right person for this little trip in mind….”

Oasis Shores and Cabana Crater Resort
Imbrium Sea
The Moon
January 6, 2210 (EUT)

For Charley Meyer, the waters of the Imbrium Sea were too cold, a bit too salty and maybe not deep enough for gill-girl like her, but she still enjoyed the delicious feeling of sliding and slicing through the water like a torpedo, twisting and turning and diving and cavorting with dozens of others from resort, while ignoring the curses and catcalls from the beachgoers dotting the shore.  Their words still stung and she wasn’t sure she ever wanted to surface and go through that again…not that it was anything new.
“Freaking frogheads…go back to Earth!”
“Amphibs suck water!
“Drown and die…you slimy seaworm!”
Better to stay down below the waves, skirt the seabed of this century-old sea—really, it was more like a big lake, not deeper than fifty meters at the most—and come up somewhere else, maybe that big headland south of Oasis that reminded her of Jump Admiral Cash’s chin…Imbrium Sculpture somethingorother.
Meyer had three days’ worth of R and R left to fill.  She’d been on the Moon for a week now, in and out of both Farside and Tranquility Station, overseeing the refit of the Service’s newest jumpship Lisbon.  It wasn’t going badly if you didn’t mind dealing with blockhead dockhands and dopey techs and engineers, every one of whom “knew” way more than she did about how jumpships should work.  
Apparently fifteen years’ service flitting in and out of time streams near and far didn’t count for much in their eyes.  They could only see what was on their blueprints.
Had to get away from that, she told herself.  A girl can only take so many narrowed eyes and muttered comments and snickering in the corners before she had to peel her barely-regulation ground outfit off and hit the beaches.  This time of year, the Imbrium Sea got crowded, so she had dived in off the Shores’ carnival pier and headed for the deepest little grotto she could find.  Sure, she was missing out of the purple sunsets that Oasis was famous for…the Moon’s new atmosphere filtering the last rays of her two-week day into a rainbow that always brought oohs and aahs from newby tourists but it couldn’t be helped.
What she needed most was peace and solitude and the luscious feeling of water sliding over her scaly skin.  And to make some serious decisions about her future.
Charley dove and scooted along the seabed, letting her fingers occasionally scour the regolith that had once been the exposed ground of this sunken lava plain.  Now, with the Moon sporting new seas and an atmosphere, she figured she could easily spend the next few days scoping out the other seas on Nearside before she had to go back to the jumpship hangar at Tranquility Station and face the gauntlet again. 
She was headed up to the surface to see if she’d somehow managed to find an isolated patch of sea when her wristpad chirped…it was the Emergency Alert tone.  She breached the surface and lay on her back in gentle waves, watching a flock of seabirds wheeling overhead in the twilight of the lunar dusk and tapped her phone.
Right over her head was the ghostly face of Admiral Lucas Cash himself.  She tried to tune out the cawing and screeching of the birds as she listened to the Admiral’s words.
“…to Farside ASAP, Commander.  Something’s come up and you will be at Farside Newton Wing main briefing theater by not later than 0800 hours tomorrow morning…Lunar Time.  Don’t be late.”

Well, there goes the last days of my liberty, Charley told herself as she stroked her way back to shore.  She’d have to pack up, check out and take the Skyship down to Imbrium Station.  It was a four-hour maglev ride to Korolev City—K-Town, to the locals—and the Farside complex.
Ignoring the sideways glances and muttered catcalls—nobody ever said Amphibs were welcome on the Moon, despite her new atmosphere and oceans—Charley found her way to the Skyship Terminal.  The bazaar outside was slammed with people and she dreaded diving into this crowd; despite her Farpool Service khakis, she was obviously Amphib and that often didn’t sit well with crowds around here.
 It was like fighting swirling ocean currents to move anywhere.  The bazaar was loud and chaotic, filled with smoke and pungent smells—the high-octane odor of masala tobacco was especially strong at the Garden Street entrance—and the air was thick with loose nano, clouds of bots mingling with incense, opium and scores of cooking oil fires.  Vendors hawked grapes and mangoes, bananas and fabricator shells of every type, vials of rogue DNA called twist hung from clothes lines strung up between light poles and dilapidated tents.  Women in sarongs with teeth black from chewing betel nuts zipped and weaved through the labyrinth balancing huge baskets on their heads, baskets filled with everything from buffalo patties to rebuilt matter compilers for the fabs that were on sale everywhere.
Ten minutes later, she had pushed her way into the Terminal and found herself the only passenger onboard the gondola.  The ship was fully automated.  
Rotors whirring, the ship lifted off and they were underway.  Following invisible airways in the sky, Songbird ascended in mild midday turbulence and settled in for the two-hour trip south to Imbrium Station.  Charley could see a storm gathering off to their right, a blur of haze gathered into a mistral forming up on the horizon.  
After the skyship had put down outside the Terminal, she boarded the Highland Express maglev just at dinner time and there was already a line for the dining car.  Charley wasn’t hungry anyway and found a compartment that was nearly empty.  A window seat was available and she took it.
Moments later, the maglev lurched into motion and soon enough settled into a smooth, nearly silent ride north.  At speed, they would be crossing the craters, farms and hills at something over three hundred kilometers an hour.
They would be making five stops along the way, according to the map. Gibbstown, Provincetown, Starkview, Pole City and Douala Township on the Farside.  Important scenery and notable sites were highlighted on the map, like the stairstep rim walls of Plato crater, just now passing by in a blur off to her right.  And the historic site of the Chinese lander Chang’e 7, now a park and study center for people who liked that sort of thing, complete with 3-d plaques and robot docents to explain it all.
The whir and whine of the wind soon lulled Charley to a light doze.  Thoughts came unbidden to her mind…thoughts she had been struggling with for days, the whole of her liberty time.
She wasn’t sure she wanted to re-up with Farpool Service again.  Now coming to the end of her third tour of duty, after hundreds of jumps, flitting in and out of time streams without a care for what it might be doing to her, Charley Meyer wondered if she might be approaching an inflection point in her life.
Of course, the fact that just yesterday, she had paid a visit to an old jumpship captain of hers from years ago—one Ivan Luganin, now confined to an assisted living place down in Copernicus City—had nothing to do with this kind of soul searching.  She stirred slightly, her head lolling against the seat back and cautiously opened one eye, just in time to see the outskirts of the Solar Power Tower farm outside Gibbstown, sliding into view.  
She wondered if what had happened to Jump Captain Luganin—her first commanding officer aboard the Cygnus—might someday be her fate….
Charley Meyer visited her former captain at BrightSky Gardens every time she came to the Moon.  Exactly why she couldn’t say.  Jump Commander Luganin was a resident at the old time jumpers’ home and had been for several years.  The decorated veteran had advanced Gardner-Durnstein Syndrome (also known as voidtime syndrome) and the disease had been diagnosed for almost a year.
It was progressive and terminal.  There was no known cure.
When Charley got there that morning, she saw Ramona Carey, the day shift care supervisor wheeling Luganin in from another session inside Tik Tok.  She thought he looked a bit more chipper than usual.
“Hi, Captain…you give the Bugs their usual hell today?”
Luganin beamed at Charley as Ramona tucked him into his bed and hooked up everything…med tubes, monitors, bio field.  Charley knew he sometimes mistook her for his own daughter.
“Kicked ass, Charley.  Kicked real butt this time.  Wilson changed the time line a little—it was my request—and put me right smack in the middle of the Bugs’ first appearance at Hapsh’m.  Old man Oscar Keaton was there too.  Operation Galactic Hammer, it was. The Farpool base at Hapsh’m was in a hell of a fight but Jump Master Keaton was able to rally a small force of mechanics, cooks, armorers, and office staff, including some bots, to counter-attack and destroy the Bugs, though some did escape back into another time stream.”  Luganin pulled up the covers all the way to his chin and grinned.  Tubes and medicine bags clinked on the stand nearby and Ramona had to rearrange things.  “We all got Distinguished Valor Medals for that, you know—Ramona--?”
Carey pulled out a medal from her pocket.  “Here it is, Captain.  Just like before.”  She proceeded to pin the brass medal adorned with a ring of star clusters to the sheet up by his face.  “There…a true hero.”
“Captain, you like these Tik Tok sessions, don’t you?” Charley asked.  She patted down some stray creases in the sheets, fiddled with his pajama top and collar.
“Hell, yes.  Wilson puts me right back in the middle of the Battle.  Me and Kitten and Norrell, we’re right there on the front lines, zapping Bugs left and right.  Sometimes, we change things around…like Kitten may take point one trip, then Norrell the next trip.  We change our guns too…HERF, pulsers, you name it.  It’s like a game we can play over and over again.  I’m telling you, that Wilson’s got a lot of tricks up his sleeves.”
Charley patted him on the cheek, kissed him lightly on the forehead.  “Get some rest now, Captain.  You’ve got to keep your strength up…the next trip, the next battle.”  She smiled broadly.  “You never know when the Bugs might show up.”
“Damn right.”
Charley motioned Ramona to meet her outside the room.  The care supervisor shut the door quietly behind them.
Charley looked Ramona right in the eye.  “It’s getting worse, isn’t it?”
Ramona nodded sadly.  “GDS is progressive.  We all know that.”
“What about the latest scans?”
Ramona shrugged.  “The doctor should really be the one to discuss this but—” she fiddled with a wristpad and brought up some charts on the tiny screen.  “The scan yesterday showed a four percent drop in level three and four subcortical mapping, across the lateral and ventral regions of the hippocampus.  Spatial memory, memory consolidation, various aphasias, all these are indicators of advanced voidtime syndrome.”
“And the medbots?  You’re working with these too?”
“Very much.  The bots can rebuild and restore some connections, but it’s a losing battle against GDS.  The synaptic links are brittle in these areas—we’re strengthening them—but it won’t be like it was before.”
Charley peeked into the room.  Luganin was sound asleep, snoring peacefully.
“The Tik Tok sessions…they really help?  Or are we just delaying the inevitable?”
Ramona shrugged.  “A little of both.  Gardner-Durnstein is ultimately terminal.  It’s just the brain’s reaction to flitting in and out of voidtime, like time jumpers do.  Occupational hazard, I guess.  The syndrome starts with effects on long-term potentiation and the body’s circadian rhythms. It gets worse from there. The Therapeutic Neuro-Temporal Collimator—the Tik Tok—helps in that it slows the progression down, seems to work against the worst effects of GDS.  But we’re still studying that.”
Charley was thoughtful and sad at the same time.  She tried putting on a brave face.  “He enjoys these sessions with Wilson.  Sometimes, it seems he’s enjoying his time inside Tik Tok more and more, and living in the here and now less and less.  How long should these sessions go on?”
Ramona tried to be sympathetic.  “Really as long as the family wants…as long as his brain can process the experience.  GDS causes irreversible embrittlement of synaptic links. Physiologically, it depends on the condition of his limbic system, on how many synaptic links are still there.  Our bots are working their little tails off trying to maintain a threshold value of links, filling in for the lack of molecules like acetylcholine, but still—” she held up her hands.  “It’s hard to say.  You should really talk with Dr. Levinson.”
“Fair enough.  I just wonder how much of what he’s telling me about this big battle is actually real.”
Ramona shrugged.  “Does it really matter?  Wilson just sends him across the time streams to wherever they’ve agreed on.  Your colleague does have several time jumper friends here at BrightSky to help him.  They spend a lot of time together, planning these sessions with Wilson.”
“Isn’t there a chance these sessions could wind up hurting him in the long run?”
“None whatsoever.  What your father doesn’t know is that Tik Tok isn’t really sending them anywhere.  Wilson’s sending them down imaginary worldlines, secondary branches.  They could fight a million battles, change everything, but it won’t matter.  The primary time stream’s protected with multiple cutouts and filters and firewalls.  Wilson knows what he’s doing.”
“As long as he enjoys the trips.  That’s all that matters to me.  I just wish his family could be here too.”
The nature of Gardner-Durnstein Syndrome was progressive deterioration of a sufferer’s hippocampal and amygdala synaptic links, particularly in the medial-temporal lobe, interfering with most forms of memory formation and retention.  There were hundreds of studies and papers.  Charley had read many, scanned most and decided that they all said the same thing in different ways: ‘we don’t know why voidtime affects these centers…the mechanism is poorly understood.”  True, medbots could be and were often deployed to slow down the syndrome, re-build shattered links.  But long term, the result was the same.  
It had been just after lunar morning in Copernicus City when Charley showed up for her visit.  Shadows were stark black on the crater walls outside, despite the effects of the thin atmosphere, and the rolling hummocky ground between BrightSky and CC, as the city was called by locals, was a tan and ocher desert, save only for the solar power towers that gave life to everything inside the vast crater.  But with the dawn, you could still almost see the faint wakes of the early-morning water skiers coursing back and forth across Crater Lake.
The memory of that visit yesterday then faded to an indistinct blur and Charley slipped off into a deep, restless sleep. 

The lurch of the Highland Express slowing startled her awake and she sat up abruptly, rubbing her eyes.  Out the window, it was clear from the rugged terrain that the maglev had long ago passed over the Pole and wound its way south, past Milancovic and Rowland Craters into steep tortured terrain.  When she saw the map highlight Lebedinsky Crater and the train began slowing noticeably, she knew K-Town was nearby.  She primped herself by the window reflection and noticed again, not without a wry smile, that the compartment was still empty.
Nobody wants a slimy old froghead for company these days.  It was just as well.
The train squealed to a halt at Korolev Station and, almost on automatic pilot, Charley walked the ten blocks through town to the outer perimeter gates of Farside Base without thinking.
She scanned in through the biometrics and handed over her ID for a final look at the Security station.  The guard scanned the pass, looked up—was that a wince at her gills flapping in the slight breeze?—and handed the pass back.  He quickly busied himself with his log tablet and never looked at her again.
She was met down the hall by a pleasant female airbreather in UNISPACE dress black—her name patch read Gomez—who greeted her.
“Captain Meyer?”
“In person.  I’m to report to General Komora’s office.”
Gomez smiled vacantly.  “Of course.  The General is conducting a briefing over in Newton Wing.  If you’ll follow me—”
Gomez slid off into the deeps of Farside, following a confusing and labyrinthine course down hall after hall, lift after lift.  Charley could scarcely imagine what the briefing was about.
Throughout her amphib life, Charley had spent a lot of time in the oceans of Earth, dodging all kinds of predators.  She knew from first-hand experience that Farside had its own predators stalking these halls.  In the ocean, the worst thing that could happen was the predators would eat you.  Here at Farside, they made you sit through briefings.
Inside the Main Briefing Theater, she came immediately to attention upon entering.
Jump Admiral Lucas Cash saw her and paused in mid-sentence.  Even displayed in the middle of the theater as an avatar—the real Admiral was still at Muir City on Earth--well over two meters in height, the Admiral still sported a full head of black hair and a Black Forest moustache, looking every bit the Teutonic warrior ready to sack Rome that she figured his ancestors had once been.
CINCSPACE General Hideki Komora was seated at a desk nearby, in person.  He rose, returned her salute smartly, and waved Charley to a nearby seat.  Drifting about the theater like an errant cloud, a whitish globe streaked with dark lines was the center of attention.  Charley soon recognized the globe as a real-time image from Gateway Station of Jupiter’s moon Europa.
She took a seat.
Komora went over the details of the loss of contact with Europa Clipper in a matter-of-fact tone.  Occasionally interrupted by Cash, Komora explained that UNISPACE and Farpool Service were devising an elaborate, quickly-ramped up search and rescue effort.  The whole mission would be officially known as Operation Deepfind.  
“We’re using Trieste,” Cash informed her.  “She’s being modified as we speak, right here at Muir City.  After mods and tests, she’ll be able to jump to the Jupiter system, then land on Europa and bore through the ice into her ocean.  We’re making Trieste into a true submersible.”
Charley tried to recall what little she knew about the mission of Europa Clipper.  “Who was aboard Clipper, sir?”
Cash went down the crew manifest.  But upon hearing the name of Reynaldo Diaz, Charley immediately went into brain-freeze.  She scarcely heard anything else.
Cash noticed her face.  “What is it, Meyer?  You look like you’ve seen a ghost.”
Charley shook herself out of the funk.  “I, uh…sorry, sir.  I...uh… I knew Rey Diaz once.  Long time ago.  Back on Earth, during the worst of the Purple.”
Cash considered that.  His avatar pixelated slightly, morphing his face into something both grotesque and avuncular.  
“Acquaintance?  Crewmate?  Jolt school?”
Charley found it expedient to resort to generalities.  “Let’s say acquaintance, sir.  Mr. Diaz and I often collaborated on certain…er, projects and duties.”
The Admiral seemed satisfied with that.  “Since you raised the issue of crew, I must tell you we’re already working through a list of candidates for the crew of Trieste.  By the way, I’m assigning you to command her.  You’ll be running this rescue mission and render any assistance needed to get Clipper out of trouble and recover her and her crew.”
It wasn’t as if she hadn’t been expecting it, at some deep sub-conscious level of her thinking.  Maybe it was the way the summons had been worded.  Or the grim face of Lieutenant Gomez, the liaison officer who’d escorted her from Security.  Or General Komora’s inscrutable visage as he worked the theater displays behind his desk.  
Admiral Cash went on, seemingly oblivious to the bombshell he’d just unloaded on her.  “You’ll leave Farside today and take the next Farpool landing to Paris, the Quartier-General.  General Komora will be coming along too.  CINCSPACE will go over the details of Deepfind and how UNISPACE and Farpool Service will work together.  Once you get to Muir City, I want you to be cheek to cheek with the engineers and techs and dockhands modifying Trieste.  Anything doesn’t look right, anything doesn’t pass muster, you sing out loud and clear.  Trieste had priority on everything…materials, people, computer time.  Now, General Komora will go over the UNISPACE end of this effort.  General--?”
Komora launched into a detailed briefing of his own but Charley wasn’t listening.  She heard a few words—Europa Eye…the Jupiter squadron…the corvette Brisbane…diapirs, strange acoustic shocks below the ice—but mostly she could only see one thing in her mind.
Reynaldo Diaz—Jeez, Rey, what have you gotten yourself into now?—was aboard Europa Clipper.  And now, Clipper was down, out of contact, possibly lost.  
She told herself it was a simple rescue mission, pure and straight-up, something she had done countless times in the past.  Incompetent travelers were forever messing up navigation inside the farpools and getting lost in some wild-ass time stream nobody ever heard of.  After fifteen years in the Service, rescuing the dopes was something she could do in her sleep.  
But this was no dope.  This was Rey.  She hadn’t seen or heard from Rey in years.  They’d lost touch, fallen away, followed separate paths.  Now—
No, it was just a standard rescue mission, that’s all.  A bit more high-profile, maybe, owing to the location and the growing conflict over ocean worlds in the outer solar system.  But a rescue mission, just the same.
Charley vaguely remembered getting up and following General Komora out of the briefing theater.  The two of them would be taking a UNISPACE hopper-shuttle to the Farpool Landing Zone at Tranquility Station, Nearside.  Then sucked back to Earth in the great vortex.  She vaguely remembered all that, but her real thoughts were elsewhere.
Reynaldo Diaz, the beefjerk.  Well, there were rescues and there were rescues.  Some more gratifying than others.  Some rescues were straightforward by-the-book efforts, no surprises.  Other rescues were more involved.  You had to be quick, resourceful, tenacious, anticipate things, be ready for whatever knocks Life and Fate threw at you.  
Rescues were like that.  So, too, had her time with Rey, all those many years ago.
Boarding the shuttle behind General Komora, she took her seat and belted in.  Moments later, the shuttle lifted off and headed north over Lebedinsky Crater, following the same curving line of the maglev rail she had just ridden into K-Town.  
No, Operation Deepfind would not be your normal, by-the-book Farpool rescue effort at all.
Charley Meyer was increasingly sure of that.    
Chapter 2

City of Ponkel’te
South China Sea
January 10, 2210 (Earth Universal Time)
56.1 Kv (Epoch of Kel’vishtu)

Deep inside the Metah’s chambers, in the Ponkti capital of Ponkel’te, the Shook (Grand) Metah of the Urku Ponkti Orkuleema scowled at the report she had just received by echobulb from the crew that returned from Europa.  The report had been presented to the Metah by Grindok kah, leader of the expedition to scout conditions for future Ponkti settlements.
“This report you give me is true, Grindok?  Remember that you’re shame-bonded, tekmetah to me.  Lies will be dealt with harshly.”
Grindok was a sturdy older Ponkti male, gray-white, skin somewhat wrinkled and mottled with age spots.  He stood completely still while Orkuleema orbited the chamber, pulsing him deeply.  Now was not the time to show anxiety, despite what he felt in the presence of the ShookMetah.
Orkuleema paused her circling and drifted over to her bed, a coral outcrop softened with seagrass and glared at Grindok.  She had muted the echopod, after listening to its accounts of the trip.  “If this report is true, this is a major find.  Tell me more of these m’jeete, Grindok.”
Grindok said, “That’s what we call them.  They swarm and attack like the mah’jeet of old Seome.  The airbreathers called them something else, I believe.”
Orkuleema considered that.  Her eyes narrowed and her mouth tightened.  “For many years, our Chinese airbreather allies maintained a swarm of these creatures in containment at their Alpha site at Reed Banks.  They’ve studied them, developed tactics for using them.  We have much of their research at the Ponkti Academy…though, perhaps the airbreathers don’t reveal everything.”  Her face grew cold.  “We must know more.  The m’jeete attacked you?”
Grindok said, “They surrounded our ship.  We tried different ways to get free, but they were persistent.  Maybe the airbreathers can teach us how to communicate with them, control them.”
Orkuleema was weighing possibilities.  “Or how to use them to serve us at Europa.”
Grindok could see where her thinking was headed.  “The Ponkti elders should finance another expedition, Affectionate Metah.  I’m sure once we understand them and can  communicate with them, we can make alliance with them as well.  Use them to establish a presence before the airbreathers do.”
Orkuleema summoned her vizier into the chamber.  Oncolenia shambled in.
“Yes, Metah?”
“Go to the Archives.  Retrieve echobulbs from the airbreathers dated 10.5 to 11.5 Epoch of Kel’vishtu and bring them to me.”
Oncolenia kissed the Metah along her flanks.  “At once, Affectionate Metah.”  She disappeared out of the chamber, off into the larger cavern that was Ponkel’te.  
“Metah,” said Grindok, “there is something else.  We didn’t put it in our ship’s log.  I considered it too sensitive for the kelke.”
Orkuleema loved secrets.  “What is it?”
Grindok explained.  “It seems the airbreathers are already at Europa.  We know of the new farpool at their Gateway Station.  Below the ice, our ship Puk’lek’tik encountered another ship.  We believe it was an airbreather expedition.  We fired on their ship and disabled it.  Then we left the area.”  Grindok had hesitated to admit the incident, fearing the Metah’s reaction.
But Orkuleema was merely thoughtful.  “Then we have to strengthen our position as quickly as possible.”  Her face hardened and she began roaming about the chamber restlessly.  “Already, the Purple plague has given us effective control of these oceans.  The seas of Urku flow by the grace of the Ponkti.  Now that we know of other oceans beyond Urku, the Ponkti must be masters of these waters as well.  It all depends on these m’jeete—” she stopped, seeing Oncolenia returning with an armful of bulbs.  “Kah, let’s study these…maybe there’s something we can learn from them…how to control and use the m’jeete—”
The Metah selected several and actuated one so that its recorded sounds filled the chamber….

Echopod 10.7 Kv

Station Alpha was sited on the edge of a small underwater promontory near the Reed Banks, a few hundred kilometers west of the Philippine island of Luzon, at a depth of a hundred and fifty meters.
Run jointly by the Chinese navy and Farpool Service, the compound resembled a massive starfish nestled in the brow of a shallow ridge that overlooked steeply descending terraces to the southwest.  Containment Site Alpha, where the specimens of Bugs were hopefully well secured behind multiple nanobotic barriers and shields sat alone in a narrow ravine at the end of the terraces some three kilometers away, connected to the Station by thick ganglia of pipes and cables.
Beyond the containment site, the seabed sloped away precipitously to the Angeles Basin, bottoming out at four thousand meters below them.
Mahjanga expertly drove the lifter sub to a sub dock alongside what he referred to as Gongying fangzei.  “The supply house here,” he explained.  “Dry and wet stores, supplies, all kinds of gear and equipment.”
The three of them disembarked through pressure hatches and were immediately greeted by the Station Commander, a Peoples Liberation Army-Navy captain named Liu Kaichong.
Liu was small of stature, with thick gray-black hair and a rather wide flare of a nose.  
“Welcome to Station Alpha, gentlemen.  Admiral Sumbowa told me of your mission.  Very courageous of you in this Operation Temporal Hammer.  I’m sure we can help prepare you for the trip.”
Liu introduced several others, including Dr. Fei Gaiju of the Beijing Institute of Nanobotics and Dr. Qing Yumen, Peoples Temporal Forces.
Chase Meyer noticed immediately that among the assembled crowd, there were no Amphibs, despite Farpool Service’s stated policy of always employing Amphibs in undersea installations.
Now’s not the time to make trouble, he told himself.  These things take time.
After a quick light meal in the Station’s galley in a pod called Diaoyu Wu, the Fish House, Liu offered an observation.  
“Admiral Sumbowa has explained some of the details of your mission.  Perhaps the best way I can help you is to demonstrate the latest tactical maneuvers Dr. Fei has developed to counter the creatures.  Our own tiny warriors— “he smiled, calling them Xiao zhanshi— “have shown themselves quite capable of giving a good account of themselves.”
“We need the most effective weapons and tactics we can get against the Bugs,” Chase admitted.  “If you have new techniques and new designs for your nanobots, I’d like to see them.  Major Tsukota here is from Q2 in Quantum Corps.  He’s got the latest intel on the Bugs.”
Liu was already wiping his lips and rising from the table.  “Come…we’ll ride out to the Site in our little submersible Gang dan.  We call her the Egg.”
The Chinese sub did indeed look like an egg, with a small propulsor module at its rear and four articulating tele-robotic arms attached to its sides.  Barely big enough for a four-person crew, the Egg motored off from the sub dock with Dr. Qing driving and Dr. Fei handling the arms.  Chase and Tsukota were passengers.
The three kilometers to the containment site, known as Site Alpha, were mostly downhill, following the steeply pitched terraces that sloped away from Station Alpha.  A blue-white glow was visible at the foot of the terraces.  As Qing steered them closer, Chase could both see a blue-white spherical globe of light below them and feel the faint tug of the vortexes that surrounded the site, the result said Fei, of “our protective shielding…we’ve managed to contain the Xiao zhanshi inside a cocoon of our own bots for years now.  However, the little warriors are constantly evolving, constantly reconfiguring and adapting and so we have to keep up.  It’s a constant battle.”
“You must have decades of data on their configs,” said Tsukota.  “We need to look at all these changes and study them…so we’ll know what they’re are capable of.”
“And so you shall,” Fei said, with a sideways glance at Qing.  The Peoples Temporal Forces scientist was impassive, saying nothing, but his fingers whitened on the joystick as he drove the Egg closer.
At the lowest terrace level, Containment Site Alpha was enveloped in swarms of schooling pollock and grubby, frantically orbiting the light from the barrier bots.  A flickering blue-white bubble of light pulsed in some kind of regular rhythm, attracting thousands of nearby fish.  
Qing drove the Egg closer and Fei worked one of the remote arms.  She expertly plucked a small capsule from the forward bench just outside their portholes.
“Our own little warriors,” she explained.  “Modified from your recent ANAD designs, Major,” she told Tsukota.  
The Japanese officer was mesmerized by the swirling bubble of light.  “In Quantum Corps, we study and train for a variety of different tactics in dealing with swarms of nano-scale bots.  Deception and concealment, feints, diversions, ambushes and entrapment, we’ve tried everything.  You’ve got to have the right weapons and the right tactics to beat Bugs like these.  It’s a balancing act.”
“The capsule at the end of the arm contains bots with our latest configs.  We’ve had pretty good success in engaging the creatures.  Here, I’ll show you—”
Fei tapped some keys on a nearby keyboard.  “I’m de-tuning the barrier, just long enough to insert our little army.”
Indeed, the blue-white bubble dimmed slightly just as Fei drove the arm forward, right through the barrier.  It flashed around the penetration, but didn’t kick the arm back out, as full-strength barrier bots might have.
Then Fei said, “Launching now—I’ll cycle the discharge port and release our bots.  Then I’ll ‘go small,’ as you atomgrabbers put it, and bring up the acoustic image here.”  She indicated a small display with her elbow.  “Here goes—”
Chase and Tsukota watched the display, which flickered into life as Fei withdrew the remote arm and the light bubble brightened again, back to full strength.  For the time being, she parked the arm in a safe position, folded up against the side of the Egg.
Now inside the barrier, Fei toggled her config driver and set it to max rate.  In seconds, a growing squad of replicants had appeared, like bees swarming to nectar, and were slamming atoms like frantic brick masons, quickly adding to the crowd.  She felt better and better as the party grew.
That’s when she first saw the enemy.
Long-range scan wasn’t that helpful.  Chase could tell from the acoustics that the enemy bots were arrayed as inverted pyramids, joined at their apexes.  A ring of effectors and propulsors wrapped around the equator of the bots, like a girdle with a dozen arms and hands.  Atom groups hung off the main structure like bunches of grapes, cleaving, folding, extending and retracting at blazing speed.
The swarm had filtered out from some distant hiding place like a malevolent fog and was already turning in her direction.  Chase realized that one titanic collision was about to occur.  
“Hope our guys are ready for the big dance,” Tsukota muttered.  He willed his hands and fingers to be still, then with disgust jammed them into his pockets.  
The final distance was closed in less than five minutes.  Fei drove her bots into the fight with bond disrupters sizzling.
Fei Gaiju and the wunderkind at Beijing Lab had spent many a sleepless night devising new weapons and effectors to try out against the Xiao zhanshi.  They’d even called in some atomgrabbers from Quantum Corps to work with the Lab on tactics.  Fei was still getting used to working in this new environment of atoms and molecules, “still learning how to swim,” was how she had put it.  Now they were giving her torpedoes and spear guns and all kinds of doodads to carry while she was still trying to figure out which arm to use. 
Fighting bots in the land of atoms was all about leverage.  Kind of like ballroom dancing, with fists, she had once remarked to Qing.  
The first bot came up and Fei gave it a taste of her bond disrupters.  The electron discharge snapped off a few effectors and sent the thing spinning off into the distance.  But no sooner had she done that than a squadron of them fell on her and she found herself engulfed in no time.
Fei had learned a thing or two about effector tactics in the weeks since her last encounter with the bad bots.  The secret was to keep your propulsors churning, keeping driving forward, keep your energy up.  If she did that, she found she could slip out of almost any grapple and brain a bot with whatever effector was free.  She particularly liked her carbene grabbers and she had developed a dance step that she had termed the kiss and clobber…she’d let herself be grappled, momentarily shut off her propulsors and almost relax.  When the bad guy had retracted and moved in for the kill, she did a quick left-right spin, fired up her propulsors and slashed right across the bot’s mid-section—where most of them had fewer effectors—knocking the bejeezus out of the thing and pulling free to pinch and slash some more.
It worked every time.  Fei had in the meantime gone to max replication, at Tsukota’s suggestion, and the melee was underway.  All up and down the battle front, like a collision of bird flocks, the swarms engaged…twisting, slashing, grabbing, zapping.  Slowly, using her new maneuvers, Fei was able to push back and contain the enemy swarms.
“It’s working, Qing!” she exulted.  “It’s working!  The Xiao zhanshi are getting smacked and spanked like you wouldn’t believe!”
Qing, focused on keeping the Egg in hover, was distant but reassuring.  “I believe it …I believe it…I told you it would work.  Just keep after them…I’m reading mass fluctuations at the margins…that means your guys are holding their own.  Try your enzymatic knife when you get in close.”
So, she did.  Everything she tried worked.  Maybe the enemy bots were slow.  Maybe their configs were wrong.  Whatever it was, Fei Gaiju found she was winning a battle she’d never dreamed she would have to fight.  This wasn’t half bad, this living like an atom.  You had to watch your momentum and things stuck to each other like glue.  Van der Waals and Brownian motions were a bitch, but it was the same for the enemy.  
Leverage and momentum, that was the key.
Inside of half an hour, the battle seemed to be won.  The fog that had drifted over the battle lines seemed to be lifting as the last few bots were swept up.  Somehow, with a little luck and lot of smack, she’d been able to disperse the enemy bots and quarantine and isolate any stragglers.  
Exultant, she withdrew the bot master, then gave the signal for all replicants to commit atomic seppuku, so the enemy wouldn’t be able to reconstitute using them.  Once the master was back inside the capsule, she withdrew the arm and the barrier was in place again, an iridescent globe throbbing and beating to some inner rhythm.
Qing turned the Egg about and headed back up the terraced slopes to Station Alpha.
Chase thought about what he had seen.  “I’ll need all your configs and all your tactical reports from previous engagements.  If Operation Temporal Hammer is to have any chance of succeeding, we need every advantage we can get.”  
Tsukota said, “It’s an old axiom that the best way to fight a swarm is with another swarm.  However, a few extra weapons never hurt.  I’m recommending your crew take HERF, magpulse and anything else that might work.”
“Don’t worry,” Chase said.  “I’ll take a big stick if it works.”
The Egg maneuvered into sub dock and the crew disembarked.
Chase and Tsukota spent the rest of the day reviewing Fei and Qing’s nanobotic configurations and tactical results of engagements with the swarm.  Qing seemed less than forthcoming and it was only by constant persistence that Fei was able to convince him that the Temporal Hammer team needed the latest Station Alpha could provide.
Chase figured anybody working for the Peoples’ Temporal Force was naturally reticent about giving away secrets to someone else.
There had long been rumors around Farpool Service that the Chinese were working both sides of the street and developing countermeasures against the aliens at the same time they were trying to use what they learned for their own purposes….

End Echopod 10.7 Kv

Orkuleema was thoughtful, her eyes scheming with ideas, as she and Grindok listened to more echopods.  Finally, she had had enough.
“Grindok kah, you are tekmetah to me, so listen carefully: meet with the Chief of Prodsmen.  Take these echopods with you.  Develop measures to work with the m’jeete at Europa.  Make alliance if you can, but prepare an armed expedition back to Europa.  Establish a base and make contact with the m’jeete.  Our friends the Sk’ort will assist us…I’m contacting their Metah on the repeater net right away.”
Grindok was just thankful he had done things properly in the Metah’s sight.  She had pulsed nothing inside him that seemed out of order…a development not to be taken lightly, for Orkuleema possessed a legendary temper.  
“Of course, Affectionate Metah.  I’ll see to it at once.”
“Take samples of the m’jeete and bring them here.  We’ll compare what you’ve got with what the airbreathers have in containment at Site Alpha.”
Thus charged, Grindok took his leave and disappeared, grateful beyond words to have gotten away from this meeting with Orkuleema with his life.  To be tekmetah to the ShookMetah of the Ponkti was a serious responsibility.  Mistakes and misunderstandings of her orders and wishes could be dangerous, even deadly.
Grindok allowed himself a few deep luxurious breaths as he flippered away from the Metah’s chambers, diving into the swarming, roaming masses that always thickened the caverns of Ponkel’te.
The Chief of Prodsmen would likely be at his headquarters on the other side of the City.
Still roaming restlessly about her chamber, Orkuleema summoned Oncolenia again.  “Assemble my escort.  I will go to the repeaters and talk with Enkaneena of Sk’ort.  They call themselves allies.  Now is the time to prove it.”

Grindok sped off deliberately in the direction of the Prodsmens’ Hold.  The City of Ponkel’te was a close an analog to the kel’s ancestral home of Ponk’t as the kel could make it, carved as it was out of limestone caverns near the Reed Banks.  
His first impression upon heading out into the main caverns was that he had somehow made a complete circle and returned to the open sea.  Yet it couldn’t be for here was life in greater abundance than he had ever seen before.  Dense, teeming, raucous and restless, more crowded even than old Ponk’t itself before the coming of the Sound, before the End Times and the Great Migration so many mah before.
The light was low and pulses were useless with so many people, but Grindok could feel the size of the place.  Even as crushing as the mass of life was, he could still sense the spacious dimensions.  There had been rumors about this for a long time. Like old Ponk’t, the new capital resembled a great vishtu, a roam so large it boggled the mind.  Inside, he knew there were cavernous chambers the size of small oceans here, dozens of them, buried under the plateau, all connected like the radii of a starfish.  Pulsing as far as he could, Grindok found that no description could really do justice to the sight.
Grindok elected to avoid the worst of the crowds by heading down to the very bottom of the cavern.  He drifted down through layer after layer of roaming citizens, through holds and berths made of sheer tissue that parted for his passage, then closed again, through squabbling em’kels and solemn lectures, prodigal feasts thick with the aroma of tongpod and ertleg, games of kong’pelu and tonkro, debates, sexual couplings, tuk matches, a fight and myriad other scenes.  
He followed the spine of a pillar that buttressed one wall, passing in his descent, hundreds of small, dark recesses, cavities, niches and hollows at every level, all of them full to bursting with kelke.  After the lonely seas of Europa, he never grew tired of the extraordinary diversity of life in Ponkel’te, even though he traveled for what seemed an hour or so.  Always, when he thought he had seen everything, another sight would replace it almost immediately and he would have to watch that too and study it.  And there was no way he could take in the entire pageant at a single glance; it was far too complicated, shifting, much too spontaneous for that. 
He found himself caught up in a convoy of prodsmen and thought to follow them.  Perhaps they were returning to the Prodsmen’s Hold.  Instead, he found they were bearing toward a group of canopies at the bottom, delicate pastel structures that seemed to drift slightly in the prevailing currents.  As they approached, Grindok could see that the canopies were attached by cords to flat stone foundations on the cavern floor.  Hundreds of Ponkti streamed in and out from beneath them and the entire area seemed to be the focus of great attention.
It was a tuk match, already underway, the competitors sparring and spearing and slapping each other with vigorous lunges and strikes.
But he had no time for that, for Orkuleema’s orders were clear.
In the end, Grindok found himself wriggling his way up the cavern far walls, through, over and around crevices, and came at last to the Hold of the Order of Prodsmen.
Inside, he hunted for the Chief, a decorated warrior named Klinto ku.  
Another spirited tuk match was underway inside the Hold; in fact, it had just begun.  The match featured none other than Klinto himself…older, beefier, slower but highly experienced versus a younger player named Golok.
When the bubble curtains fired massive streams of water upward, hissing and foaming, all around the stage, Grindok knew that was the signal to begin.
And Golok was in Klinto’s face almost immediately, circling, kicking and thrashing the water with several powerful tail slaps.  One caught the Chief Prodsman broadside and he spun away, momentarily stunned.
He reacted automatically with a counter-lunge, managing to bury a fist right into Golok’s face.  The blow stunned him and Golok backed off, circling warily.
The match was on.
As he watched, Grindok knew the hardest part of tuk wasn’t the physical part, the blows, counter-blows, punches, kicks, jabs, thrusts, pokes, slaps and prods.  It was the requirement that each move carry part of a narrative, reprising the history of the Ponkti people.  You could land some serious blows, even bludgeon your opponent into a stupor and still lose the match, for the sequence was everything: this kick before that slap, this thrust before that punch and every move had to be done precisely, as a figure-skater choreographed her moves, precise not only in execution but in force applied, landing the hit just so.  Of course, your opponent was also trying to do the same thing, so that the entire match was one of martial dance and gymnastic steps, punch and counterpunch, punctuated with brain-spinning blows building to the crescendo of the Ponkti story, for the story was as much a part of the match as the combat itself.
Again, and again, when he concentrated on his sequence, Klinto found his thoughts interrupted by vicious head blows and tail slaps and he would counter without thinking, often landing successful return blows which stunned Golok momentarily but which would also throw Klinto out of sequence once again and he had to go over in his mind where he was.
Golok had a distinct advantage in speed and agility.  Once he got himself back into the proper part of his sequence, Klinto found his most effective tactic was to grapple with his opponent when he got too close and pummel his opponent in the face.  This usually flustered Golok and he squirmed and thrashed to back away from the pounding.  
Not sure if that move’s approved but at least it draws blood.  And indeed, after several such close encounters, Golok’s beak was issuing a thin stream of blood.  
Still the match went on and the crescendo of honking and bellowing around them reached frenzied levels.
To Klinto, time seemed to stop.  He wasn’t sure how the match would be scored, only that he had to counter Golok’s blows and try to keep to the script.  After a time, he found it was pointless to try to think too much about the sequence; in the end, he gave that up and concentrated on landing effective blows and then punishing Golok every time he came too close.
Maybe I can change his strategy, Klinto thought.  If he has to land certain blows at certain times, maybe I can frustrate that.  So, he made that his strategy.  Play not to win, but to keep the other guy from winning.  It was a defensive strategy to be sure but it became one that Klinto was increasingly comfortable with, given Golok’s advantages.
Inside the tuk arena, a frenzied crowd honked and squealed and bellowed.  Klinto knew he was losing.   He was able to land some blows, but so was Golok.  Stung and dizzy from his opponent’s increasingly effective slaps and thrusts, sure he was way off sequence, all Klinto could do was react, lash out, thrash and grapple and make Golok pay when he came in too close.
His thoughts began to wander and in wandering, landed on something an old tukmaster, a fellow named Loptoheen, had once said about winning a big match.
“It’s all about managing your breathing,” Loptoheen had once told him.  “Sometimes there’s a wall and you swear you’ll never get over it.  Focus on each breath.  Focus on what you can control.  In and out, in and out.  Controlled short breaths.  Don’t worry about anyone else.  Stay with your own breathing and listen.  Make it smooth and even.  Shut out everything else but that sound.  Focus on that.”
Shoo’kel.  Balance.  Poise.  Equilibrium.  Stability.  Keeping your insides even, keeping the bubbles and the echoes on a level keel.  Focusing on that inner core that could never be disturbed.  It was something every Ponkti child learned from a young age.   
It would never do for the Chief of Prodsmen to lose to such an upstart like Golok.  Maybe there was something he could do to pull this match out….
Maybe Loptoheen was right.  Maybe it was all about the breathing.
Klinto closed his eyes for a moment to center himself, even as he took a few more slaps and kicks from Golok.
Focus.  Concentrate.  Watch your balance.  Don’t get too far forward.  Don’t lean too far back.  Let the waves talk to you.  Let the wave tickle your feet and tell you where to go.
Armed with this insight, Klinto found himself better equipped to deal with Golok.  It was almost better with his eyes closed.  With his sight shut off, he was better able to sense the pressure waves of Golok approaching.  Feel the waves.  Golok was big.  He was fast and agile.  But he also moved a lot of water when he thrashed forward.   Klinto was soon very closely attuned to any pressure waves when Golok moved and learned to slide sideways at that exact moment, most of the time avoiding the worst effects of Golok’s lunges.
It was a defensive strategy but he soon supplemented it with a new insight.  Right after the pressure wave of Golok’s motion passed, Klinto found a low-pressure zone enveloping him and quickly realized this was Golok recoiling for another thrust.  In that exact moment, he learned to strike out, hard, and more often than not, he was able to connect, sometimes with devastating effect.
Let Golok be the guide, he told himself.  Follow the pressure waves he generated.  Sidestep the big wave because that meant a blow was coming.  Strike back when the waves fell off, for Golok was vulnerable then.
It was working, better than he dreamed.
For many minutes, Klinto followed this approach and he was rewarded by an odd change in the crowd noise around him.  Once, the waters had been filled with raucous honking, squeaking and bellowing but now an uneasy murmur filled his ears and a steady din of a subdued concern, apprehension, even alarm swelled around him.  That gave him even more encouragement.
I must be doing something right.
The match went on for what seemed like an hour.  Then, a loud shriek sounded.  Klinto opened his eyes.
The match had been stopped.  Golok had fallen to the floor of the arena and lay still, blood streaming from his ears.  The referee had stopped the match.
Klinto retreated to his own corner, where he was cleaned up by aides.  Once Golok’s still body had been carted off, the rest of the crowd began to disperse.  Grindok figured all of them were prodsmen at some level.
Soon only Grindok and Klinto remained at the side of the arena.  Grindok handed the Chief Prodsman the echopod with Orkuleema’s orders, embossed with the Metah’s seal.
“What’s this?” Klinto grunted, wiping his face, chowing down on some ertleg claws handed to him by an aide.
“The Metah has orders,” Grindok explained.  “For both of us.”
The two of them listened as Orkuleema’s voice filled the Hold, chirping and squeaking out her instructions.
When the pod was done, Klinto handed it back.  “I heard of your little trip.  To the far seas, was it?”
“Very far.  My ship—we call her Puk’lek’tik—is in a berth above us.  Top of the seamount.  The Metah requires your help equipping her—and my crew—with weapons and defenses.  We’ll be building a new base at Europa.  Her seas will become Ponkti seas.”
Grindok explained the previous expedition and the encounter with the other ship.
“We think it was an airbreather ship.  The sonic weapon worked.  She was disabled.  But we had nothing to finish her off with.”
Klinto thought about that.  “Show me your ship.  Once I see her, I’ll have better ideas on what you need.  You should petition the Metah to have a prodsman or two in your crew.”
Grindok promised to do that, as they left the Hold.  Circling and climbing up to the ceiling of the great cavern city, they came to a concealed hatch embedded in rock, guarded by prodsmen.  Seeing Klinto approach, the prodsmen saluted and stepped aside, opening the hatch.  The opening gave onto the very top of the seamount.
Klinto and Grindok slipped through and found themselves in an open hangar exposed to the sea.  Three jumpships lay tethered to the seamount in their cradles.  Grindok guided them to the first ship.
“Puk’lek’tik,” he announced proudly.  They entered the lockout and slithered inside.
For a few minutes, Klinto maneuvered and whipped his way from deck to deck, in and out of cabins and compartments, clucking approvingly at her supply stores, her engineering spaces, even her tailpod propulsor with its now-quiet singularity core.
Klinto growled.  “It’s good to see how far Ponkti technology has come.  When the Seomish came to Urku in the Great Emigration, no airbreather would have believed we ‘fish-people’ would have the ability to travel to the far seas.  Now—”
“The Metah works with other kels to make sure the Ponkti control those far seas.  The airbreathers have taught us well…other worlds also have oceans we can use.  Orkuleema wants to keep the airbreathers away from them.  But we need better weapons for Puk’lek’tik.  And there is still the matter of the creatures we encountered…like our m’jeete at Site Alpha.”
Klinto measured the Stores compartment with a few honks of sound.  “Here, you need a containment tank.  Take a sample of our m’jeete on your next trip.  Maybe they can be used to establish communication with these creatures you found.”
“Kah, a good idea.  I’ll talk with the Academy to see if they can build a tank for us.  We need recordings of all their work with the m’jeete as well.”
Klinto was thinking.  “You’ll need prods for your crew, for close combat.  You have prods?”
“A few.”
“You’ll need personal stunners, as well.  Scentbulbs with offensive smells.  Perhaps some of our specially-bred mah’jeet as well.  A few k’orpuh snakes wouldn’t hurt.  And your m’jeete swarms too…they can be reconfigured to build almost anything.”
“Could you make a list?”
“My armorers will work with your crew.”  Klinto studied Grindok, pulsed him deeply and found anxiety, a little bubble of fear deep inside, and something else…was it eagerness, like a midling trying to please a teacher?  “Perhaps one of my prodsmen should be added to your crew…perhaps, even myself.”
Grindok was of two minds about the idea.  On the one hand, an experienced prodsman trained as a warrior, would add to the crew’s capabilities.  On the other hand, commanding the ship was important to Grindok.  It was his chance to perform well for the Metah, to gain status in her view.  A chance to achieve what Klinto himself had achieved with his tuk victories.  Leading the next expedition to the far seas would be a victory that no Ponkti could ignore.  Grindok had long had dreams of stories being told of his exploits down through the metamah of time.  These trips to the far seas would become those stories and myths that Ponkti would teach their children for generations to come.
He had no wish to share that with Klinto.
“Let’s put that to the Metah,” he suggested diplomatically.  
Klinto agreed.  “There’s no time like now,” he said.  They left the open seamount and re-entered the ceiling hatch.
Traversing the dense crowds of Ponkel’te to reach the Metah’s pavilions and petition Orkuleema would take many minutes.  But Grindok hustled to keep up, determined that Klinto would not turn the Metah away from her original orders…orders which placed him in command of the trip.

Orkuleema’s escort had left the cavern city an hour before, slicing through the heavy crowds and exiting Ponkel’te to the south, off the Reed Tablemount and cruising through swarms of grubby and pollock and stands of staghorn coral toward the inner repeater net, which in its outer orbit came near to the Spratly Islands at Mischief Reef.
Repeaters—properly known as ootstek in the Seomish vernacular—were a tradition from old Seome that had lasted for thousands and thousands of mah.  Their work was lonely and demanding, requiring them to back up the automatic functioning of the ootkeeor, the deep-lying thermal layer that channeled sound messages.  Repeaters roamed on station in the boundary waters between the kels and, when the ootkeeor was not working properly, it was their duty to listen for and repeat any and all messages that came through.  Repeaters were traditionally possessed of magnificent voices as well as acute hearing.  The repeaters’ em’kel, their trade guild, was one of the oldest and most honorable of all.
Orkuleema intended to use the local repeaters to contact Enkaneena, Metah of the Sk’ort, who presided over her own kel at the Skortish capital in the western Indian Ocean, a place called Ve’skort, northeast of the Seychelles Islands. 
She knew Enkaneena well and she also knew that to persuade her to join the Ponkti in their efforts to control the far seas would both excite the Sk’ort Metah and stimulate her competitive fires, for it was true that the Sk’ortish considered themselves subservient to no kel, and certainly not to the airbreathers.  All it took was a few well-chosen words and a subtle appeal to her pride.
For many minutes, Orkuleema’s convoy maneuvered and navigated their kip’ts while homing on the faint cries, the repeating songs and chants of a traditional Seomish repeater.  They had traveled hundreds of beats away from the Reed Banks and Ponkel’te, into the first faint fingers of the swirling East Indian Current and the convoy struggled holding a steady course to home on the signal.  Orkuleema tried to remember what she knew of the repeaters…
Ootkeeor was the deep-lying thermal, sound-reflecting layer that channeled messages around the world.  She knew that repeaters—all of them raised from birth and trained in a guild-- were strategically located to boost the signal as it bounced along.  Depending on conditions, sounds could travel upwards of five hundred kilometers unamplified in parts of Earth’s oceans.
Finally, the escort commander, Terpyt, saw something.  “There!  Right there, Affectionate Metah…that dark blur just beyond those hills.  Just cruising along, belting out his songs.”
His name turned out to be Klatik.   
The Orketish repeater was a rotund older male, with gray, slightly wrinkled flukes and paddles, a strong swimmer in his endless orbits about the eastern Indian Ocean, and a first-rate storyteller.
Terpyt found it hard to keep up, for repeaters were always great swimmers.  Klatik’s route took him on a great looping circle, west through the Malacca Straights, down the spine of the Ninety-East Ridge, south to the Java Trench and back.  
When the convoy caught up to him, he was nearing the end of massive refrain.  Klatik was startled at the appearance of the Ponkti Metah.
Orkuleema exited the kip’t, surrounded by her escort and allowed Klatik to tentatively approach.  With a wary eye on the burly prodsmen, he nuzzled Orkuleema in the traditional Seomish way.  
“Honorable Metah, this is a surprise.  I must say that—”
But Orkuleema had no time for pleasantries.  “Klatik, you old cow, I have an important message for you.  How long to send a signal to Ve’skort?”
Klatik did some figuring in his head.  He kept one eye on the fierce prodsman hovering protectively around the Metah.
“The sound channel in these waters is turbulent.  With enough voice and repetition of key phrases, perhaps an hour.”
Orkuleema considered that.  “I send a message to Enkaneena, Metah of the Sk’ort. You must not fail in this sending.  Here is the message—” she handed him an echopod.  “Play it now, Klatik and learn it well.  Repeat it as often as needed until Enkaneena responds.  Then record her words on the pod and bring it to me.”
“Affectionate Metah, I have excellent memory.  I don’t need the pod.”
“Use it anyway, for security.  Bring it to me when she’s replied.”  
As instructed, Klatik actuated the pod and Orkuleema’s shrill voice surrounded them, an energetic blast of chirps and whistles and squeaks and honks, startling schools of seer fish and snapper.  Her voice trilled into multiple rhythms and descended into long arias and cantatas.
Klatik listened carefully, noting her emphasis and asides, her pitch and frequency, her oratory and cadence, as Orkuleema systematically proposed a joint program of exploration and exploitation of Europa.   Though Klatik didn’t know this, Orkuleema did not see fit to inform Enkaneena as yet of the m’jeete discovery in Europa’s ocean.  She also did not inform Enkaneena that Grindok’s ship had fired on an airbreather submarine and disabled it.  The Ponkti metah didn’t yet fully trust the Skortish with this sensitive information but she still wanted their help in securing the far seas of Europa for both kels.
When the pod was done, Klatik took the device and promised to sing out the recording in his best voice, at once, through the local sound layer.
Orkuleema was firm, even intimidating.  “See that this message gets through.  I expect Enkaneena will answer forthrightly.  Bring her reply to me at once.”
“Of course, Affectionate Metah.  There’s no greater honor for a repeater than when the Metah entrusts her critical words to us.”
Orkuleema boarded the kip’t.  “If you fail, I will know of it, Klatik.  See that you don’t.”  With that, the Metah’s convoy turned about and motored off, scattering curious hordes of lampedena as they disappeared.
Still shaking from the encounter, Klatik muttered to himself and willed himself into motion, resuming his orbit along the repeater’s track.  He played Orkuleema’s words once more, synchronizing his own voice with the recording, trying to match her frequency as exactly as possible.
Soon enough, he reached a dense stand of seagrass and Klatik began his sweeping turn to the south, neatly dodging several schools of eyefish and stoneheads.  
“This will be my last circle,” he told himself in his sing-song lilt.  “For more mah than I can count, I listen and hear the messages and put them into song, then belt them out in my favorite rhythm and meter, some longer than others…just wail away into the seas and hope my lyrics reach the next repeater.”
“Why is this your last?” he imagined the other repeaters asking.
Klatik sighed, stroked hard but seemingly without effort, answering his own question.  “Because I’m old.  And everybody’s leaving.  Next time I reach the northern arm of this current, I’m peeling off for Ponkel’te and settling down.  In a few more mah, there won’t be any more repeaters.  Then all we’ll hear in these accursed oceans of Urku is noise and discord, disharmony and clamor, racket and commotion.  It’s enough to make an old repeater long for ancient Seome.”
He wondered if life for an old repeater would be any better in the far seas of Europa.

Mariner City, Mars
January 15, 2210 (Earth UT)
Solix 1.15.2210.776

For Nasr Hamid, liberty couldn’t come soon enough.  The Farpool Academy graduate was returning on his first authorized liberty since Jolt Day, when the class of 2210 finally got their medals and ribbons and diplomas, returning to what he hoped—what he prayed—would be a big celebration. 
Nasr had run away and become estranged from his family and joined Farpool Service because he had wanted to get out and live his own life.  But he’d gotten liberty for an end-of-Ramadan celebratory dinner and was looking forward to seeing his family for the first time in four years, though he knew it might be awkward at first.  
Moments later, Nasr felt the first spinning of the twist fields collapsing around the ship.  He closed his eyes and thought of more pleasant things: like the last day he and his cadet girlfriend Kylie had been on their little sloop Windsong, carving the waves across the Imbrium Sea, the sails filled to billowing with a stiff following wind…or maybe the day he’d finished jolt school—only a week before-- and how he stood there proudly under the night sky of Earth’s Moon, while the ceremony unfolded.  The graduation ceremony—it was always at night--at Farside’s Hawking Field was a sight to behold: the graduation and commissioning ceremony always ended with a small, tightly controlled formation of escort jumpships popping out of voidtime right over the reviewing stands and forming the Farpool Service emblem in the star-lit night-time sky.
He’d found himself shouting “Tempus Regit!” as loud as any of the cadets back then.  And he meant it.
Now, seeing the ocher half-disk of Mars approaching, he swallowed hard and remembered how it had once been…before….

Four years ago, Nasr Hamid had been a teenager.  He’d been arguing at dinner just after Ramadan with his family, arguing about his decision to leave home and sign up with the Farpool Service.
“The Academy’s on the Moon,” he explained.  “Farside.  I’ve never been to the Moon.  You always said we should travel more, see things….so I am.”
Mother Fatima and Father Achmed were distraught and angry at the time—the family has just moved to Mariner City—angry over having to evacuate and emigrate from Egypt, from Earth…angry at the Seomish and all the fish people, especially the Ponkti and their Chinese allies.  They took out their frustrations on Nasr, the oldest boy.
The dinner scene had deteriorated into a lot of yelling and screaming and tears.  Arguments continued even after dinner, as the family watched a SOLNET Special Report on the Human Diaspora.
In a huff, Nasr had gathered some meager belongings and left for a shuttle for the Farpool Academy.  His parents hadn’t known of his application and were furious at the way he had sprung the news on them.
But Nasr didn’t care.  He just wanted out from under their roof and to be free to live his own life.  
The trip to Farside and the Academy took three months.
Now aboard that very same cycler shuttle he had left on four years before, Nasr was pensive, even apprehensive, as the ship maneuvered to dock at Phobos Station.  He had spent a lot of time the last few weeks confiding his innermost thoughts and feelings to Hadji, his bot companion.
But Hadji could never tell him what to do or say when he finally arrived home.

The Hamid family had lived in the Bulaq, the Arab Quarter, of Mariner City ever since arriving on Mars so many years ago.  Nasr hadn’t seen the narrow, twisting, alley-like streets for four years.  He had arrived to see his mother and father and his younger brother Fouad and Walid and sister Iyesha.  He wanted them all to see how important he had become since running away to fight the fish people, just like Husayn had done five years before.  They would be proud of him.
 Twenty-sixth of July Street cut through the dilapidated Bulaq Quarter like an arrow of modernity, crossing the Nile…now little more than a stream with Mars-wide water restrictions at the moment…to a small island grandly called Gezirah and within sight of the slender spire of the Bulaq Tower.  For almost two generations, the Hamid family had lived in the dim recesses of an alley two blocks off this street, in a four-story converted hotel with ornate mishrabiyahs, wooden bay windows filled with stained glass and fine mesh slits to protect the Hamid women from the curious eyes of strangers.
Nasr stepped off the running boards of the old autocab, tossing a few coins into the grizzled “driver’s” bucket, and dove into the shadows of Ismaili Street.  The ancient darb was narrow and damp, potholed with broken pavement, glass and donkey and goat wastes.  Nasr jostled a young man clad in blue striped pajamas, bearing a tray of arusahs toward a stall out on the main street.  Several of the sugar dolls fell off the tray and the man swore at Nasr.
“Ya sitan!  Get away!  Get out of here, boy!”
Nasr grinned and ran on down the street.
He came to a gnarled old man reclining against the grimy stoop of a tenement house.  The ancient fellah puffed contentedly on a makeshift water pipe, fashioned out of bamboo cane, a tobacco bowl, and a discarded aerosol can.  Nasr thought he recognized the man.
“Is that you, O’ Musaid?  Musaid, the fez-maker of Ismaili Street?”
The old man stopped puffing and squinted up through a wreath of smoke.  “Husayn?  Husayn Gamal Hamid?”
“It’s Nasr, old man.  Nasr.  Husayn’s in paradise now.”
“Yilhamdu li-allah!” exclaimed Musaid.
“Praise be to God,” Nasr agreed.
Several young boys appeared in the street.
“It’s Nasr!” one of them shouted.  “Come on!”
“Look!  Husayn’s little brother!”
“He’s so tall now.”
The children gathered around Nasr, one-time playmates in the alleyways of Bulaq, jostling, grinning, punching and poking him.
“You still kick the football into the gutters?” teased Mustapha, now stouter and deeper-voiced than Nasr remembered him four years ago.  “You never were any good.  What’s happened to you?”
“I’ve been fighting the fish people, and the Bugs,” he proclaimed.  He shook himself free of their arms.
“Your brother would be proud,” said Mustapha.
“Did you get that scar in a whorehouse?” asked Faisal.  He had wrestled with Nasr from the very day they had been sent off to madrasah school.
Nasr slapped him playfully.  “No whore gives scars like these, Faisal.  I’m a warrior now, a time jumper.  I fight the fish people, the Bugs, while you peddle trinkets to the tourists.”
Faisal bristled but he was interrupted by a young girl, standing slyly off to one side, veiled and draped in black.  It was Iyesha.
Nasr went to her.  They looked at one another for a moment.  Iyesha turned and disappeared into the doorway of the Hamid house.  Nasr followed, saying nothing, leaving behind his street friends.
His mother stood in the doorway.  Nasr hesitated, then they fell into each other’s arms, hugging tightly.  Iyesha joined them, little Walid too.
“Nasr, Nasr…Nasr, I thought—” she had tears in her eyes.  “I was so afraid when you ran away.  I thought that…like Husayn….” She hugged him again, more tightly than ever, crushing him.
“I can’t stay long, Mother,” he said.  They went into the house, into the kitchen, where Mrs. Hamid prepared a plate of fruits and sweetmeats.  “I’m on my way to Jupiter.  I have an important mission.”
Mrs. Hamid shooed Iyesha away from the plate while Nasr and Walid snacked on dates and oranges.  Iyesha hid behind the folds of her mother’s chador.
“Nasr, you’re so thin.  What have you eaten?  Why did you run away?  Your father and I were heartsick…we were afraid you had been taken by the police.”
“Mother, listen to me.”  He filled his pockets with fruits.  “I couldn’t stay here.  There was nothing for me here—”
“Your family, Nasr!  Don’t say such a thing.  What of Fouad?  And Walid?  He’s missed you so, crying in his bed.  The boys pick on him—he needs you, Nasr.”
Nasr stood up.  He had hoped she would understand, after four years.  “Mother, you have another son.  You haven’t forgotten Husayn, have you?”
Mrs. Hamid pushed Iyesha away impatiently.  “Husayn?  Your brother is with me every moment of the day and night.  I dream of him.  But he is with God.  You are here.”
“I want to be with Husayn, Mother.  I don’t want to live here anymore.  I’ve seen other places, places you can’t imagine.  Different places, wonderful places.  I want to fight.  I want to keep the honor Husayn brought us pure and clean and bright.”
“You’re so young, Nasr.  You’ve changed so much I don’t recognize you.  I don’t want to lose you again.”
Nasr stuck his hands in his pockets, fidgeting, realizing that he would never feel comfortable in this tiny house again.  It was too confining.  He had a purpose now, a pride he could never have on the streets of the Bulaq.   He had followed the teachings of Imam Muhammad Hamoud al Rashid ever since he had first sat before the Mahdi in the mosque of Muhammad Ali.  To die a warrior for Islam was greater than anything he could hope to do on Ismaili Street.  Here the battles would be small, the victories few and fleeting, the honor stolen away by this vast cesspool of a city.  Serving in the army of God, he knew he would be on the front lines of the greatest battle of all.
“I have to take the shuttle now,” Nasr said.  He couldn’t look at her, couldn’t bear to see her pain.
“Nasr—” the tears were streaming down her cheeks—“Nasr, don’t—”  She clung to the collars of his uniform, crushing them in her shaking fists.
He couldn’t endure it any longer and tore away.  He stood for one anguished moment, not knowing what to do with his hands, wishing they would just vanish like the djinn.  He swallowed hard and ran out of the house.
“Nasr!”
The echoes of his steps on the pavement soon drowned out the wailing that had come once again to Ismaili Street.
Nasr Hamid spent the rest of his liberty alone, walking up and down the streets of Mariner City, occasionally whispering and crying, words heard only by Hadji.
Chapter 3

UNIFORCE Headquarters
The Quartier-General, Paris
January 21, 2210 (Earth Universal Time)
58.5 Kv (Epoch of Kel’vishtu)

From Farside, Charley Meyer had come to Earth via the Atlantic Farpool.  She spent only enough time at the Muir City terminal to get her bearings, before boarding a vactrain to Paris.  Due at a conference by 0800 hours, she had no time for sightseeing, only time to wonder what Operation Deepfind would bring. 
At the Q-G, Charley endured a dizzying variety of bio-quarantine and sanitizing protocols to make sure she wasn’t carrying the Purple.  She picked up an escort—a pleasantly thin Lieutenant whose name patch read Finley and the two of them rode an express lift to the sixty-sixth floor, and were soon standing in the anteroom to the office of CINCSPACE himself, one General Hideki Komora.  
After a few minutes, a light beside the walnut-paneled door flashed green and Lieutenant Finley ushered her into the spacious suite.
CINCSPACE stood at the window of his office on the 66th floor of the Quartier General and stared out at the early morning sun rising over a timeless Parisian cityscape.  Low-hanging clouds obscured the encroaching ocean, now less than ten kilometers away to the north.  The World Meteorological Organization estimated that the ocean would fully cover central Paris in less than two years.
The Eiffel Tower dominated the northwest view, now covered with fixbots as it was nearing completion of the structural upgrade ordered by UNSAC a few months before.  There was the Place Vendome and the low hill of Montmartre, thick with pedestrians and aircabs.  UNIFORCE had been built forty years before on the Rue des Jardins, at a busy intersection off the Luxembourg Gardens, deep in the heart of the 5th Arrondisement.  The mansard roofline of the Palais du Luxembourg filled the northeast windows. 
Sitting alongside Komora’s desk was an ebony-black Cameroonian woman of striking beauty, with fierce warrior eyes and bristly conical hair, adorned by an ivory and bone hairpiece that rattled when she turned her head.  
Her name was Evelyn Lumumba and she was UNSAC, the United Nations Security Affairs Commissioner, and nominally Komora’s boss.
Several other officers had reached UNSAC’s suite and were scanned in.  A pair of servbots scurried around the suite, bearing trays of pasties and coffee, straightening chairs, setting up work stations.  The UN Security Affairs Commissioner was deep in some kind of intense vidcon and waved the CINCs to some chairs beside her curving work console.  Lumumba was nominally a civilian advisor to the Secretary-General, but the S-G had plucked her from the ranks of the General Staff two years before.  Formerly chief of UNIFORCE Ground Forces, Lumumba was a stern, by-the-book commander and she ran the UNSAC shop the same way.
“--just get me that report by 0900…not a second later.  Squirt me the raw feed if you have to…but get me that report.  Is that understood?”
Lumumba evidently got the response she wanted and closed down the vidcon with an angry wave of her hand.  “Sorry, gentlemen…bit of a flap over command jurisdiction.  That was Chekwarthy…he’s on a hopper heading to Farside now…trying to get some eyeballs on the situation at Europa.  What have you got for me?”  UNSAC grabbed a muffin and coffee off a passing servbot before the bot could even stop and unload its goodies.  Beside her, Komora demurred, waving the servbot away.
UNSAC glanced over at CINCSPACE.  “Your show now, General.”
Komora was bald as an egg, his forehead creased with worry and lack of sleep.
“Everyone seems to be here, so let’s go over the latest intel we have on the Clipper mission and what’s known so far.”
Charley listened intently to CINCSPACE.  It was soon clear to her that no one had any real answers for what had happened, why Gateway had lost contact with the ship.  Suppositions and theories and pet notions filled the air.
“Mechanical failure,” one officer opined.  “Her pumps failed…that’s what it has to be.”
“Bullcrap…Clipper was tested from bow to stern…no way she suffered a casualty like that.  She ran into something, pure and simple.”
“Or someone ran into her…you read about those acoustic pulses and shock waves?”
CINSPACE drummed fingers on his chin.  “An iceberg calving off above her?”
That idea was batted around for five minutes, complete with voluminous reports from the Europa Eye network on ice dynamics and chemistry.
“In any case,” Komora wanted to steer the talk back to real life, “UNSAC here has already approved a rescue mission.  Captain Meyer—” he indicated Charley sitting at one corner of the table, “that’s why you’re here.”
“Yes, sir.”
CINCSPACE went on, occasionally perusing a tablet before him.  “As a veteran jumpship commander with dozens of Farpool missions under her belt, Captain Meyer was considered to be the best choice to head up the rescue efforts of Operation Deepfind.”
“Thank you, sir.  I’ll do my best.”  Charley found herself a little pleased at his words and more than a little apprehensive.
Noting some eyebrows lifted around the room, Komora decided he wasn’t through.  “Captain Meyer has been to numerous other worlds—including old Seome, original home of the fish people—and time streams too numerous to count.  She is by far the best choice.”  Komora directed his attention—and his fierce blue-eyed stare—right at her.  “I know she will perform admirably.”
UNSAC had grown impatient with all the accolades.  “But she’s never been to Europa, right?”
Charley shifted uncomfortably.  “No, ma’am.  Not to this point.”
UNSAC fiddled with one of her bone and ivory hairpieces, which clinked as she rattled them.  “I trust that Captain Meyer will be fully briefed on the situation at Jupiter before she departs.  This little ocean world of Europa has become a growing point of contention between Humans who have emigrated from Earth and the Urku Seomish—the fish people, if you will.  We both covet the satellite, and others like it, for its ocean and its resources.”
Another officer spoke up.  Charley learned he was CINCQUANT, one General Evgeny Orlov, head of Quantum Corps.
“The latest intel summaries I read this morning gives a pretty good layout of what the fish people may be up to out there.  I mean the Ponkti and their Chinese allies.”
Komora looked pained.  “General, we have no conclusive proof the Ponkti are directly involved.”
“You mean other than the fact our submarine Europa Clipper’s been lost and we don’t know why?”
UNSAC spoke up.  “You’ve all read the theory that the Ponkti have developed a method for creating a temporary farpool and having it collapse after each use.  Intel may not have direct proof, but Europa Eye has detected a hell of a lot of ice movements—unusual diapirs and such—going on.”
Komora scoffed at that, though not without a glance at Lumumba.  “Deep sea hydrothermal vents—that’s the best explanation.  The heat weakens the ice locally and the warmer ice pushes up and gets extruded through surface cracks into the vacuum.  Natural processes.  We don’t have to call up disappearing farpools or other bogeymen to explain that.”
The discussion went on for an hour.  Finally, UNSAC herself called a halt to the proceedings.
“I suggest we let Captain Meyer leave and get on with her training and preparations.”
No one objected.
Charley departed the Quartier-General and caught a vactrain from Paris-Orly Station back to Muir City.
The trip took an hour.
Admiral Cash, the commander in chief of Farpool Service, had warned her that the Europa Clipper rescue mission was a top-secret effort.  
“The Ponkti run Keenomsh’pont below the waves,” he reminded her.  “But they let the humans and a few amphibs pretty much alone topside, at Muir City.  We’ve adapted a big conference room as a sort of hangar bay.  But watch yourself, Captain.  The Ponkti may not be physically present in Muir City, but they’ve got eyes and ears…and agents…everywhere.  We don’t know what part, if any, they had in what happened to Clipper.  But it’s best to assume they’re involved somehow.  If they knew we were planning a mission…well—” Cash shook his head, “—let’s just say such a development wouldn’t be in the best interests of the Service.”
Charley saluted.  “Understood, sir.”
There were two people she had been ordered to contact at Muir City.  One was her training officer, a human, an airbreather to use the common term now, a refugee from the U.S. Navy.  Cash had warned her that Nathan McClintok was crude, severe and no-nonsense.
“Just the man to whip a rescue crew into shape.  He’ll introduce you to your crew.”
The other contact was Farpool Service’s chief engineer at Muir City, a big-boned, ruddy-cheeked Texan named Murchison, another human.
Two weeks of twenty-four-hour days followed.  Muir City was a beehive of activity as Ops, Engineering, Munitions, and other departments bent to the task of fleshing out the jumpship’s design and the details of the rescue plan that would employ it.  Charley herself routinely put in eighteen and twenty-hour days, working at times in the Sim Tank wargaming every possible detail of the rescue, studying topographic details of the known time streams, arguing with engineers and machinists in the shops over the ship’s design and fittings and working with techs at the labs to optimize the ship’s singularity engine for traversing time streams that few had ever followed before.   
As January rolled into early February, Admiral Cash’s promised deadline evaporated as surely as the mid-winter snows on Muir City’s upper decks but the Admiral made no further mention of his promise to UNSAC…or the S-G.  Through daily briefings and unannounced strolls through the labs and shops, Cash could see that the whole compound was mobilized to support the rescue mission.
They’re good kids, he told himself after one late afternoon inspection of the ship, now encased in scaffolding and catwalks on the ground floor of Muir City’s Hangar C.  They’ll get the mission accomplished, one way or another.  
He thought grimly as he walked back to the glass cube of the Ops center.  They have to.  There’s too much at stake to fail now.  I just hope Clipper can hold out a little longer.
Bit by bit, beams and spars and panels and struts and framing came together and the rescue jumpship gradually took shape inside the hangar. By the second week of February, she was powered up for the first time and Cash and a select crew tested her for fit and function, exercising her flow vanes, propulsors and cycling the singularity core on and off.
The lead engineer Murchison, was ever-present, with his scarred hands and a booming voice.  He climbed up onto the command deck and sat beside Charley in the cockpit, while a trio of electricians pulled wiring bundles through the forward consoles.
“She’ll be ready for maneuvering exercises, next Monday, Captain.  We’re hauling her up to the launch bay over the weekend.  You got a test crew ready?”
Charley had always enjoyed burying herself in the details and was checking off switches and buttons against a diagram she had spread across her knees.  “I’ll be meeting my crew this afternoon, Murch.  Are you going to load a live singularity core aboard for the test?”
Murchison nodded.  “Soon as the engineers okay the test core, we’ll load her up and put her to work.  The test conductor has already laid out a course for you…some local time streams and some further out.”  He handed over a map of the test flight to Charley.
She studied the test course for a few moments, following the track through the time streams with her finger.  The route would take the jumpship from her launch point at Bay 2, along a serpentine route across time streams T-001 and T-002, eventually diving through a known temporal anomaly called Newton’s Jaws.  The test then had the ship circling through several known rifts and time shoals, tunneling her way across multiple substream eddies at a ‘depth’ of two days into the future, before circling back toward the hangars at Muir City.
“This should put her through her paces, Murch.  How’s she coming along?”
Murchison shrugged, pulled out a small thoughtpad and checked files.  “Power plant full-up test this afternoon, Captain.  We’re still tracking down a current leak in the batteries, but that should be fixable.  Tomorrow, we hang her vanes and motors on; they’re powered up in two days.  It’s tight but we’re getting there.”   The Texan shook his head ruefully, patted the instrument panel and played with her controls like a child.  “I don’t mind telling you, Captain…up until a week ago, I never thought this contraption would work.  I mean…look at her…it ain’t natural doing what she’s doing, going where she’s going.”
“You mean splashing around time streams like a…porpoise?”  Charley chuckled.  “That’s what we should name her, don’t you think…something like F.S.S. Dolphin. That name fits, doesn’t it?”  
Charley went on. “The way I look at it, maneuvering through time is no different than maneuvering through air or water,” she lied.  Or, for that matter, through atoms and molecules.  “It’s just another medium.  Farpool has to stay focused on the mission, on the target.”  She squeezed the control stick affectionately.  “This baby’s just our ride to the show.”
Murchison was already climbing down from the command deck, off to check on some parts in the shop.  
“I’ll make sure she’s a good ride, Captain.  Don’t you and the guys worry none about that.”

With extra shifts and extra incentives, the rescue jumpship was completed in less than two weeks, slapped together from extra materials and gear left behind at Farpool docks from earlier missions.  In early February, she was already on her launch cradle in the hangar bay, fully kitted out and ready for her shakedown cruise.
She was formally christened jumpship F.S.S. Trieste. 
She looks like a big fat glistening pig with wings, Charley thought, when she did last-minute inspections on a cold, rainy, squally and blustery day in the mid-Atlantic.  
She let the chief test conductor oversee the setup and prep for the test mission.  If all went well, Trieste would zip out toward the Farpool and enter the wormhole for a little two-day jaunt across several local time streams, just enough to exercise her systems and crew.  
But before that, Charley wanted to meet her crew and their training officer.
Nathan McClintok hunted her down in the hangar’s electrical shop.  The training officer was just as advertised…tall, lean, a face like a blade and piercing cobalt blue eyes.
He saluted and stuck out a massive hand.
“Spent twenty years as a Navy SEAL, Captain.  Missions all over the place.  Happy to be here.”
Charley thought McClintok sounded like a recruiting poster come alive.
“Your message said I could meet the crew this afternoon.”
McClintok smiled a humorless smile…on him, it looked more like a skeleton’s grimace.  “You will.  Know where Spinners is?”
“The topside club?”  Spinners had served Farpool crews and other thirsty denizens of Muir City for years.  It had a view of the ocean and the surrounding satellite towns spreading out to the horizon that couldn’t be matched.  Not to mention the world’s best margueritas and daiquiris and an atomic concoction everyone called the Shaker. “I’ve picked myself off the floor up there a few times.”
“Be there at 1400 hours.  Your crew will be present.”
With that, McClintok vanished into the hangar.
Not one to shoot the breeze with, Charley told herself.  She went back to her quarters on E deck to freshen up…taking special care to adorn her gills and armflaps with her latest shiny little doodads and then rode a lift up to the topside bar.
On the lift, she saw and felt the first of the hand tremors.  What the hell?  Embarrassed, she folded her hands into a pocket.  No… this is not happening.  Voidtime syndrome…no way.  She remembered Captain Luganin playing games with the time simulator at BrightSky Gardens.  How many times had he flitted across time streams?  Nope.  Not happening.  Not now.  Charley resolved to put anything like voidtime syndrome out of her mind.
McClintok was holding court around a horseshoe-shaped table in the back.  Behind the seats, a wrap-around window provided a stunning view of the jetcabs and skimmers and waverunners scooting between all the suburban towers of outer Muir City.  The day was now sunny and brighter…the dense marine fog had long since burned off.
McClintok stood and, as one, so did the rest of the crowd.
My crew, Charley thought uneasily.  At least they respond to orders smartly.
McClintok did the intros, one by one, around the other end of the table.
“Nasr Hamid,” he announced and Charley shook hands, studying lanky pilot with close scrutiny as she accepted a frosty glass of Spinners’ shaker from the servbot. “Just out of the Academy…second in his class and a whizbang kid with jumpships…he scored highest in his cadet group in every sim they could throw at him.
Next, McClintok introduced an Amphib female. “Maggie Sk’ort-Keenan,” the training officer pronounced her name with exaggerated care.  Maggie and Charley exchanged knowing glances, folding their gills in a way that only Amphibs would understand.  “Maggie’s from Sk’ort, as you probably guessed.  Six years with the Service as a navigator.  She can track down a time line in her sleep, which I believe she’s done more often than she cares to admit.”  That earned a sheepish smile on Sk’ort-Keenan’s face.
McClintok went on, pointing out a smallish, rather shy and slightly built stick of a human male.  “This here’s Nguyen Ng.  Call him ‘Nick.’  He’ll be your borer operator.  Nick’s half bot himself, lives and sleeps with the critters from what I hear.”  Ng offered only the faintest smile with a shy half-wave and Charley felt an instant rapport with the Vietnamese operator.  This is someone I can trust, she decided.   
“Then there’s Evelyn M’bela…I believe you two know each other.”  Charley could hardly believe her luck and she smiled a high-wattage grin at M’bela.  M’bela was Trieste’s engineer and Charley had worked with her during the worst of the Purple plague.  She was a temporal refugee, from the future, who’d gone AWOL from her previous assignment with the 1st Time Displacement Battery on old Seome and joined Charley’s crew there.  Charley was glad beyond words to have M’bela on her crew again.
“And finally, this one’s Gokel kim kel: Ponk’et.”
Charley thought she had misheard.  A Ponkti amphib on the crew of Trieste?  But before she could raise her question, McClintok had already anticipated her objections.
“Meyer, I know what you’re thinking.  Yes, Gokel was born Ponkti.  But he did the conicthyosis procedure as a child and he’s been working with Farpool Service for years now.  He’s got great insights about Ponkti methods and tactics.  And he knows jumpships inside and out.  He’ll be your RSO.”  Charley knew that RSO was Rescue Systems Officer.  
She decided to keep her misgivings to herself, for the time being.
McClintok had everyone take a seat.  “Your first test jump comes up in a few days.”  He offered a wicked kind of chuckle.  “I have to warn you now…Admiral Cash has ordered me to lay it on hard during your training.  Slam you guys with everything in the book and use my imagination after that.  So don’t get comfortable.  Your mission is critical and time is short.”  His face darkened.  “We still don’t know what happened to Clipper but it’s a cinch she’s running out of life support fast.”  He managed a subtle glance in Gokel’s direction.  “And we don’t know what might be lying in wait for you once you jump to Europa.”
Charley half-listened to McClintok’s words—she had heard the same blather from training officers and drill instructors her whole career in Farpool Service.  Instead, she found a way to surreptitiously study her RSO…the Ponkti amphib Gokel.
What’s your story, mister?  Why are you even here?  With nothing solid to base her suspicions on, just a hunch, a persistent whisper in the back of her head, she decided to make a preliminary judgment about Gokel, a judgment that he should be watched closely and shouldn’t be trusted.  Okay, so Farpool commanders should never pre-judge their crews but it was human nature, right?  Even Amphibs were still part-human.  When warning bells went off and the hair on the back of your neck stood up, Charley Meyer had long ago learned to pay attention.
McClintok was finishing up his little tirade.  “I suggest you puffballs get some rest today.  Training starts tomorrow promptly at 0600 hours, in Hangar Bay C.  We’ll be doing the usual stuff first, sims on ship systems and procedures, crew familiarization, then some tactical work and I’m willing to bet there’ll be a few surprises thrown in.”  He stood up abruptly, followed by everyone else.  Spoons clattered to the floor and a glass overturned, spilling the dregs of a mostly-finished Shaker on the table.  McClintok smile mischievously. 
“Sleep well, my pretties.  Company…dismissed!”
With that, the crew of Trieste scattered to their routines.  For her part, Charley Meyer decided to head back down to the hangar.  She wanted to spend some time alone with Trieste, try out the command seat and get a feel for what the ship was about.  She was looking forward to being alone up on B deck.  
Evelyn M’bela caught up with her at the lift and the two of them hugged briefly.  Charley grinned at her engineer.
“Glad you’re aboard, Ev.  Now I know there’s one billet I don’t have to worry about.”
M’bela checked around them, saw no one nearby and lowered her voice.  “What do you think about this Gokel character.  I mean, really, after all that’s happened, how can the Service give us a Ponkti RSO?  It doesn’t make any sense.”
“Yeah,” agreed Charley.  “That happens a lot with Command.  I don’t know what they’re thinking.”
“Maybe you should have a word with McClintok.  Or even Admiral Cash.”
“I might just do that.  Hey, I’m headed back to the ship.  Let’s check her out together.”
Both Charley and M’bela rode the lift down to Hangar C.
Neither of them knew that only moments before, the very same lift had carried Gokel kim kel: Ponk’et down to the public moonpool on A deck.  
Checking to make sure he hadn’t been followed, the Ponkti RSO made an expert splashless dive into the water and emerged into the dim murk just below the lowest levels of the City.
Below, the wide and craggy Muir seamount spread out on its thousand-meter plunge to the seabed, where the great Omtorish city of Keenomsh’pont still buzzed with activity.  Keenomsh’pont, once the original landing site of the Great Emigration ninety-five years ago, was now a Ponkti dominion in every conceivable way.
But Gokel would spend no time cruising through the roaming thousands, the local waters thick with pedestrians, kip’ts running about in every direction, pack trains of tillet bearing parcels and packages to innumerable holds and berths, floatways lit by spectral glowfish thick as spider webs crisscrossing the city.
Instead, he headed quickly away from Keenomsh’pont, passed the outer bubble curtains that hissed and marked the edge of main city toward deeper water, toward the Bermuda Trench south of the seamount.
The message had been confusing, but its intent was clear and Gokel stroked as hard as he could through gathering schools of jacks, chub and squirrel fish toward a destination he knew only from coordinates passed to him in encrypted form via a tiny echopod he carried at all times.
A few kilometers south of Muir City and Keenomsh’pont, he came to a shallow depression in the seabed with thick stands of eelgrass, a depression at the foot of a steep cliff.  Nestled in the very bottom was the rusting hulk of an ancient U.S. Navy sealab, a deep-sea research lab once known as Coraltown…or C-Town.  
Here he would meet with the handlers from Ponkel’te.

Gokel kim kel: Ponk’et had been born in Ponkel’te as full-blooded Seomish.  Even though by the late 22nd century, Amphibs had assumed positions of power and authority throughout the world, land and sea, airbreather and not, Ponkti amphibs were rare and generally ostracized by Ponkti society.  However, Gokel’s em’kel saw opportunities to place some of their own in high positions and received permission from the Metah of the Urku Ponkti, Orkuleema kim, to put a number of their young midlings through the conicthyosis procedure, making them Amphib in nature.  Gokel kim was one of them.
Gokel always had something of a self-esteem problem. This stemmed from something that happened when he was a midling.  At the age of ten mah, Gokel began his Circa, a custom from old Seome common among most Urku Seomish kels.  But he had never done particularly well in the Navigation Tasks and he became lost.  Overdue back at Ponkel’te, Gokel had to be rescued by senior kelke from Ponkel’te.  This was especially embarrassing to Gokel, who never lived down this experience.  Among the Ponkti, self-reliance and strength and courage were highly prized.  Gokel failed in respect of being self-reliant.  To this day, he was thought of as being spineless and weak, and was sometimes called korpuh (snake) behind his back.  
After this embarrassing episode, Gokel managed to apply for and be accepted into the Ponkti em’kel Meklonoh, which managed and operated the terpoh business for Ponkel’te.  The terpoh were an industrial bacterium raised and cultured in caves that surrounded Ponkel’te.  The bacterium was critical to Seomish industry and was brought from old Seome after the Kelvish’tu (Great Emigration). It depended on chemical and biological methods for shaping and molding materials.  As a member of Meklonoh, Gokel was initially assigned ‘keeper’ duties, one of the lowest occupations.  Essentially a custodian who was responsible for keeping the waters and surfaces around the culturing vats clean, Gokel found the duty degrading and humiliating and he often dreamed of something bigger.  Inside Meklonoh, Gokel was sometimes referred to as vishke, “one who goes with the current,” in other words, a follower, not a leader.  
When Gokel saw Orkuleema kim perform in a tuk match, he became intrigued.  He resolved to learn more about Orkuleema and soon found out that the newly risen Metah was seeking a sort of private valet.  The Seomish term was free-bound and one who seeks and is accepted in this was called litorkel’ke, meaning one who is so close that the waters between them are calm and temperate.  
Gokel was among many who applied to be litorkel’ke to Orkuleema and he was accepted among dozens of applicants.  The contractual period was normally for ten mah and this was agreed on.  So Gokel went to live with Orkuleema at her court.  He became a sort of man-servant, valet and butler.  As she rose in power and influence, so did he (the Chinese once called them eunuchs).
Such creatures were usually treated at best with contempt in Ponkel’te and Gokel’s case was no different.  Litorkel’ke were treated like furniture, seldom noticed and often accorded less status than pets.  But for Gokel, this was okay.  It gave his life meaning and gave him protection from others.  
He resolved to serve Orkuleema to the best of his abilities.  And over the years, Orkuleema had come to rely more and more on Gokel to help her get around and attend to personal needs.  At first, Orkuleema treated Gokel as a pet or a servant.  But in later mah, after one contract extension, her regard for Gokel evolved into something approaching genuine affection.
Why did Gokel want to be litorkel’ke to Orkuleema?  The relationship was highly structured and served to provide not only structure but meaning to Gokel’s life.  It elevated him in the eyes of other kelke to essentially be a part of the Metah’s court.  It provided a basis, however minimal, for self-esteem and proven status to Gokel.  For any Seomish male, and especially Ponkti males, position and rank in a hierarchy was highly important.  Gokel’s rank as manservant was low but at least it was secure and recognized.  Being litorkel’ke was a form of status for Gokel.   With the success of his service for Orkuleema, Gokel had found a way to secure even greater attention from Orkuleema, who was first and last a creature of pure power.  His own position and influence rose along with hers.  
Outside of associating with a celebrated Metah, Gokel did have other interests.   He loved to eat and cook, especially gisu and tillet steaks.  Gokel made himself into something of a decent cook and learned how to set a much-desired table in the Meklonoh em’kel, especially after a major tuk match.  His stuffed gisu ‘parfait’ was much in demand and Gokel derived great satisfaction from the joy his kelmates took in his meals and cooking.  In this, as in all things, Gokel craved attention and approval.
He enjoyed vishtu or roaming with the great tukmasters of the Metah’s court, even as a valet, because he loved to hear their stories of courage and spectacular tuk moves and tactical maneuvers for defeating various opponents.  A lot of strategizing went on during these roams and Gokel heard it all.  He could talk a good match, was a good listener and, though he wasn’t strong enough, young enough or skilled enough to do tuk, he loved to dream of another life and great acclaim through his association with the great tuk players.  
There were still many things Gokel didn’t like.  Domestic chores, custodial duties, cleaning up kel spaces and other drudge work bored him.  It was all part of being litorkel’ke but it was still drudge work and it was demeaning.  Gokel would much rather go on roams with Orkuleema as a valet and bodyguard and listen to her lies about tuk victories and dream himself of great achievements in faraway places and other kels.  
When Orkuleema learned of the ‘loss’ of Europa Clipper and the planning of the Trieste rescue mission, she realized this was an opportunity to turn the airbreathers away from Europa forever, keep them confined to their assigned areas in Earth’s oceans and lands and preserve both Europa and the Ponkti’s growing contacts with the Coethi for a better future for Ponk’et.  She wanted, with help from other kels, to extend Ponkti influence to other ocean worlds across the solar system. Toward this end, she assigned her servant Gokel to be inserted into the Trieste crew as a spy and saboteur, shame-bonding him to her for this mission.  
This both pleased Gokel and made him extremely nervous.  It was a risk he was willing to take for greater status within the kel.  But there was no margin for error on this mission.
Gokel viewed the mission as a chance to finally make a real name for himself with courageous and memorable exploits.  He didn’t want to let this opportunity slip away.  He didn’t want to mess this up, like he had cone on the Circa when he was a midling.  

The handlers from Ponkel’te emerged suddenly from behind the ancient U.S. Navy sealab and confronted him.  There were two of them and although Gokel pulsed them as best he could, at first, they offered no names or identification.  
One handler was clearly the leader.  He was stout, tending to overweight, with scars along his flanks and slightly deformed forepaddles.  He pulsed Gokel vigorously and made a tight orbit, as if measuring Gokel for something big, something demanding.  The second handler, who bore the ritual scars of a tukmaster along the sides of his beak, hung back, contemptuous and suspicious at the same time.
In time, Gokel heard the smaller handler refer to the stout one as Kozmik klu.  
It was clear that Kozmik knew of Gokel’s appointment to the crew of Trieste.  It was axiomatic among all the kels, even among airbreathers, that the Ponkti had spies and agents everywhere.
Kozmik stopped his restless orbiting and came right up to Gokel’s face.  “You must see that Trieste never completes her rescue mission.”
Gokel felt his own stomach churning in full view of Kozmik, which made him even more nervous.  “I’m tekmetah to Orkuleema.  You know that.  I only take orders from the Metah.”
This caused a smirk in Kozmik’s face.  Without warning, he reached out and slapped Gokel hard with a forepaddle.  It stung and blood dribbled out in a thin stream.  Gokel wiped his face with some nearby eelgrass leaves.  
“You stupid kelke.  We’re tekmetah just like you.  I speak for the Metah in everything I say.  You want meetor’kel…you like rough water, is that it?  I can make that happen.”  
Gokel’s courage shrank as quickly as it had sprouted.  He dropped his beak in deference.  “The Metah has new instructions for me?”
“Indeed,” said Kozmik, resuming his restless orbiting about Gokel and the other handler.  His words came out like seamother bites, sharp and swift.  “You will go through the training and perform crew duties, just as the airbreathers assign you.  They must not be suspicious in any way.  You understand this?”
Gokel replied glumly.  “I do as the Metah wishes.”
“Of course, you do.  We all do.  But in addition to your normal crew duties, you will perform surveillance duties for the Metah.  Send back regular intelligence on the mission…what the airbreathers are planning, what they are capable of, what they have seen.  This is vital.  Don’t fail in this assignment.  You know what happens to those who fail in tekmetah.”
Gokel knew full well what failure meant.  “How am I to make these reports?”
Now the other handler—Gokel learned his name was Potok—came forward, with a small echopod.  It was tiny, much smaller than any Gokel had ever seen before.  He pressed the device into Gokel’s reluctant hands.
“There are instructions here on all the latest systems of airbreather jumpships,” Potok told him.  
Kozmik added, “Learn your ship.  The pod has suggestions on ways to sabotage vital systems.  It also contains an encryption feature.  Use the pod to send back coded signals on what you’ve learned.  In the ocean of Europa, these signals will be detected.”
“Who will detect them?  Do we have ships in this ocean?  The Metah never said—”
“This is not for you to know!” Kozmik snapped.  He stopped, grasped Gokel’s tail flukes and squeezed meaningfully.  “Code the signals properly.  That’s all you have to do.  They will be detected.”
Gokel could think of a million reasons why sabotaging an airbreather ship was a bad idea, not the least of which was what would happen to him.  He hesitated to raise this thought but—
Kozmik could pulse the question forming and cut it off.  “Remember what it means to be tekmetah…do you really need reminding?”
The words of his own Academy teacher Nasmit hung in the back of Gokel’s mind like a veiled fist… The free-bond of tekmetah could be used for anything but has come to be employed in espionage and intelligence work in modern times, thus a certain social stigma results from the public knowing a person is bound this way.  Failure to carry out the stipulations required the bound one to take his own life in shame.  The bond is cemented by consuming a vial, called a pot’l, of the Metah’s blood.  The incentives were many: loyalty, patriotism, special favors from the Metah….
Reluctantly, Gokel accepted the tiny pod.  “I have to get back to Muir City,” he said weakly.  “Mission training starts tomorrow morning, early.”
“Then be off with you,” Kozmik snapped.  “And there is one final requirement.”
“What is it?”
Kozmik’s black eyes bore in on Gokel.  “You will receive more liberty during the training.  At the first opportunity during your liberty, you are to journey to Ponkel’te.  You will meet the Metah.  Orkuleema has special instructions for you.  More will be expected of you, even more than I have told you.”
Gokel thought to object—training was intense, the time was short, the distance from Muir City to Ponkel’te was long—but he kept his words to himself.  “I do as the Metah commands.”
With that, with no further instructions, without so much as a farewell or good luck, Kozmik and Potok left, disappearing behind the ancient wreckage of the sealab.  Moments later, Gokel heard the faint whir of a kip’t departing the area.
He hovered there for a few moments, trying to digest all he had been told.  Though he was Amphib, he was still Ponkti.  And he was tekmetah, though that didn’t seem like such a great idea now…he’d volunteered for the bonding, out of a desire to gain even more esteem in Orkuleema’s eyes.  A desire for recognition, even acclaim…after all, what kind of acclaim could a terpoh keeper expect in his wretched life?
Maybe allowing himself to become tekmetah wasn’t the best decision he had ever made.  But he had made it and now he was stuck with it.  
Gokel slammed an forepaddle into the mud in disgust.  Disgust with an untenable situation.  Disgust with himself and for a long, sorry string of poor decisions. All his life, others had been telling him what to do.  
He’d thought as an Amphib, doors should have been opening by now.  But all the doors were shut…except the one marked “duty.”
Wracked with loathing for what he had become, Gokel kim left the ravine.  I’m just like that old Navy wreckage, he muttered to himself.  Worn and broken, abandoned, forgotten, rusting away out of sight.
He returned to Muir City in a deep funk, apprehensive and pensive. 
Chapter 4

Farpool Operations Center
Muir City, the mid-Atlantic
February 18, 2210 (Earth Universal Time)
59.4 Kv (Epoch of Kel’vishtu)

For several weeks, Charley Meyer tried everything she could think of to meld her crew together as they trained for the rescue mission.  Mission and operational training lasted twelve days.  In that time Charley learned a million things she never even knew she didn’t know. 
Some days were consumed with weapons training.  The crew practiced and gained proficiency in HERF guns (High-energy radio frequency).  Trieste’s Science Officer, the human Evelyn M’bela, had just spent a part of a year TDY’ed with Quantum Corps and had come back with a lot of newly-won expertise in all things ANAD and swarm.  She compared her notes with what Charley had learned in her time with Farpool Service, then told the crew that “the best way to counter a swarm of bots is with another swarm.  But if you don’t happen to have one, these HERF guns can turn a swarm into a cloud of French fries in a heartbeat.”
They practiced with magpulsers and coil guns, entangled themselves in MOB nets (Mobility Obstruction Barriers…swarms configured to capture and immobilize threats and persons of interest), camou-fog generators and even snap-launched dozens of SuperFly entomopters to learn how (and how not) to give the crew top cover in ground operations, not that anyone really expected much in the way of ground ops at Europa.  
On other days, the Deepfind team practiced squad-level swarm tactics and ops, including clever forms of deception and concealment, feints and diversions, swarming mass attacks, dispersals and entrapment techniques.  
Through it all, Charley found M’bela’s instructional approach both informative and lively.  After one particularly arduous wargame, she told her, “You seem to have this stuff down pretty well, for a human female.”
Most airbreathers would have bridled at the implied insult but the husky SO with the auburn hair just looked sadly at Charley, barely disguised scorn in her eyes.
“On this world, when you’re human, you’ve already got two strikes against you.  With all this gear and the ANAD swarms, I get a chance to do a little ass-kicking legally.  Helps relieve the stress, you know.”
Charley didn’t bother M’bela any more after that.
Finally, the day came when the training commander McClintok decreed that Trieste and her crew was ready to ‘graduate.’  That meant it was time to set a date for a test jump.

Nathan McClintok was in fine form the next morning.  
“Okay, boys and girls, the big day is upon us.  Tomorrow, by 0800 hours, Trieste will have been moved to her launch cradle outside.  The Deepfind team will board her promptly at 0830 hours.  The test jump is just that…a test.  Nothing more.  An all-up, full-systems test of ship and crew.  You’ll get the details tomorrow but allow me to provide an overview.  You will launch Trieste and approach the Farpool on a normal Level 1 approach vector.  You will enter said Farpool and maneuver, as you have been instructed, to exit same at a point in time six months to the minute from now, six months in the past.  You will strenuously endeavor to remain in the vicinity of the Farpool, while you conduct all drills and tests on your test card.  At that point, you will have logged all variances and CM excursions, and re-enter said Farpool, returning to your launch cradle or close as you can, whereupon you will be recovered and brought back here.  Is this in any way unclear?”
“No, Commander!” they all cried out in unison.
That night, Charley slept the sleep of the near dead.

Test jump day dawned at Muir City cloudy, breezy, humid and cool, with seas running at state three, mild whitecaps and two-meter surf crashing against the lower ramparts of the city and her jetties, wharves and breakwaters.
The crew boarded their jumpship in quiet solemnity, each one fully aware of the importance of what they were about to do: plow into the seething heart of a great wormhole-vortex and try to ride the dragon’s tail with enough precision to emerge not only alive but at a specific time and place in the past.  Then run systems checks, conduct exercises and drills and get the hell out of there before they screwed up the time stream any more.
The test card McClintok gave them called the time stream they would be navigating T-178. 
His last-minute encouraging words were: “Hey, don’t fuck this up, okay?”
For launch, Trieste had been moved in her launch cradle to a huge lockout outside the hangar bay, now fully exposed to the sea.  Charley was last to board, taking her position forward on A deck, along with Pilot/Systems Operator (PSO) Nasr Hamid.  Behind them, Navigator-Positioner (NP) Maggie Sk’ort-Keenan sat at the nav console.  Eyebrows were raised at a small bag Maggie brought onboard.
“What’s that?” Nick Ng, their borer operator asked, “Your Mom pack a sack lunch for you?”
“You’ll see,” Sk’ort-Keenan told them.  “Just a little toy for us navigator types, that’s all.”
Science Officer Evelyn M’bela came aboard right behind Rescue Systems Officer Gokel kim.
Charley strapped in and checked her board.  All green, all copacetic and no flags. Trieste had been powered up several hours before, her MHD power plant and singularity core ticking over, humming, now sending a slight shudder through her hull.
“Ready all systems…stand by for final check and all-call.”
One by one, the crew came back.
“Ready, PSO.”
“Nav is go!”
“Borer Ops ready.”
“SO…yo and go!”
“Propulsors on line…ease her out, Nasr.”
Trieste lurched as her MHD jets opened up to one-quarter throttle and she slipped her ways and surged out into the cross-currents swirling atop the Muir seamount.
“Answering one-quarter, handling nicely, MC.  Fighting cross-currents.”
“Steady as she goes…steer course zero eight.  Nav, how do we look?”
Maggie checked her boards and instruments.   Active sonar was pinging all around, showing up specks and chirps on her waterfall display.  “Plenty of traffic, MC, but we’re clear on that heading.  Recommend depth fifty meters.  Farpool outer vortex fields six point two kilometers…ten minutes at this speed.”
“Very well.”  Charley opened up the 1MC to talk to the others.  “Trieste now underway on propulsor.  Farpool in ten minutes.  RSO, advise status of singularity core.”
Gokel’s voice came back.  “Core on line and ticking at sixty-five percent.  Deco wakes in the green, entanglers humming.  She’s ready for action.”
Trieste closed the distance to the outer vortex fields of the Farpool in nine minutes.
It was Gokel, slightly green and tight-lipped next to M’bela, who noticed the first effects of the huge waterspout and whirlpool.
The Ponkti RSO had drifted off into a light doze when a faint tug on the side of the craft startled him awake.
“Something’s happening— “
M’bela patted the Amphib on the knee.  “Patience, patience…this is normal.  Just relax, okay?”
“I don’t know, but it feels like we’re moving sideways.”  Gokel plastered his nose to the porthole, trying to make something out.  “It’s silty out there.  Dark too.  Deeper water.  You feel that?”
Some kind of force was pushing them sideways in the water.  At the same time, the compartment picked up a light shuddering vibration, gyrating like a top at the end of a string.
“Yeah…we’re at the vortex fields…that’s what’s happening.”
It was the Ponkti’s first jump.  He gripped his seat so hard his armfins turned white.  “…the water’s all rushing sideways, dirt, pieces of things…I can’t really make it out.”
“Relax, man…just enjoy the ride.  It’s better than an E-ticket.”
The force began to increase, a centrifugal force that soon shoved them to one side of the compartment and pressed them hard against the walls.  Worse, the compartment began a slow roll, a rotation that didn’t remain slow for long, but picked up rate at a steady clip.
Soon, they were spinning enough to become slightly disoriented and dizzy.  
“Now, it’s my stomach…I don’t feel so—“
Gokel’s words were suddenly lost in a bright flash of light, a searing, painfully white strobing light that flooded the compartment and blinded all of them.
“Rudder amidships!” Charley ordered.  She thumbed a small dial, straining against the centrifugal force.  “Flow vanes to thirty percent!”
The spin kept accelerating and moments later, Gokel passed out.
Early morning strollers along Muir City’s upper promenade decks were treated to an incredible sight offshore, just before dawn.  Backlit with the orange glow of sunrise to the east, a thin ropy waterspout formed several kilometers beyond the horizon, visible as far south as the northern beaches of Bermuda.  As the spout danced and skipped across the waves, a bright pulse of light emerged from the sea and vaulted heavenward along the length of the spout, followed by a series of light pulses, as if the spout were sucking buckets of light right out of the ocean.
The light pulses disappeared into low-hanging clouds and vanished, leaving only a faint iridescent flicker, like a silent lightning discharge.  
Moments later, the waterspout collapsed into the sea and the ocean returned to its restless heaving.  
Unknown to the residents of Bermuda’s Pelican Point luxury seahomes, the crew of jumpship Trieste had just been catapulted into the whirling heart of the wormhole at the very center of the Farpool.  Caught in a roaring, crashing river of infinite eddies and currents of time, they rode the dragon’s tail until Navigator Maggie Sk’ort-Keenan saw her display light up green and called bingo.
At her signal, Charley Meyer slammed Trieste’s flow vanes out full and punched the ship hard over, right into the faint, barely perceptible fingers of Time Stream T-178.  Like a cocked fist, T-178 grabbed them and yanked them out of the mainstream and into the midst of a million yesterdays.
After that, she slumped back in her seat and let the black hole of unconsciousness wash over her.

Nine months before her very first trip as a raw jolt into the Farpool, right out of the Academy, Charley Meyer remembered a story her grandpa Chase Meyer had often told her as a child.  It went something like this: way back when, Chase had been riding his turbobike along the Gainesville Highway, coming back from a visit with his recovering Dad at Creekside Hospital, when the bike hit a pothole in the highway. Chase had lost control and somersaulted over the handlebars.  When he thought about this later, he realized just how much time had slowed down in those few airborne seconds.  Like his Dad always said: “It’s not the fall that hurts, it’s the sudden stop at the end.”
So, he had been airborne and basically weightless for a few seconds—not uncomfortably so—then his tumbling body had slammed into the ground inside a culvert adjoining the highway.
Days later, when she and Grandpa talked about the experience, Chase mentioned that going through the Farpool was like that: moments of peaceful weightlessness, almost a dreamlike quality, except for the bright strobing lights outside the porthole and then the sudden stop.  
It was like having a horse kick the crap out of you.  Or maybe driving your bike headfirst into a brick wall at eighty miles an hour.
The jumpship shuddered and hurtled out of the Farpool in a flash of light, a roaring rush of deceleration, knocking Charley and Nasr Hamid hard against the cockpit windows.  Still trapped in the vortex, Charley struggled to regain consciousness and, by instinct and training, rammed the ship’s rudder hard over, while firing her jets to counteract the residual force of the spin.  For a moment, they were both pinned sideways against the cockpit, until the force of the jets shot them through the core of the whirlpool and out into calmer waters.
Hamid breathed hard, wiping his face with his hands.  He checked the instruments.  
“Sounding smoother water, Captain…rough water but visibility improving.  I can pulse ahead…looks like we made it…somewhere.”
“And some when,” Charley said.  “Nav, give me a hack.  When and where are we?”
Sk’ort-Keenan was still groggy but functional.  Her fingers played over her board, checking their position and heading.  “Navsats say…uh, well…we’re not quite where we’re supposed to be…I read us at sixty-two degrees west by thirty-four degrees north, stable at fifty-two meters keel depth.  I need to get topside to shoot the sun to know for sure.”
Charley frowned.  “Nav…what do your instruments say?”
“Well…if I’m reading the convergence angle right, we sort of shot past our target point.”
“What exactly does that mean?”
Sk’ort-Keenan licked her lips, not easy to do when you’re Amphib.  “This thing must be haywire…it’s showing that we went further along T-178 than we should have…two hundred and sixty-eight years further back.”
“What part of T-178 are we in, Maggie?”
“Uh, well…this thing reads 1942…approximately sometime in March of 1942…that’s Common Era too.”
Hamid saw the big pulse on his board.  “Captain, getting massive return on sonar…something big, submerged, just aft of us…passing to starboard…maybe a thousand meters—”
Charley studied the sonar returns for a few seconds, then it came to her.  “A submarine, Nasr.  It has to be a submarine.” 
A series of distant booms reverberated through Trieste’s hull.
“I think we may have landed in the middle of—”

Twenty Miles off the coast of North Carolina
March 21, 1942
6:30 am

Doenitz had named it Operation Paukenschlag, or Drumbeat, when the U-boats had received their sailing orders and Korvettenkapitan Horst Muhler, skipper of the U-115, figured that was about as good a description as any.  The U-115 had been stalking the rear of the convoy—intercepts had termed it SC-108—for two days now, just trying to evade a few scattered escorts and maneuver in close for a quick snapshot from her forward tubes.  Already they had closed enough to one juicy target for Muhler to risk raising the periscope for a quick look and bearing before final target calculations were made.
“Raise periscope,” he commanded.  The boat’s conning tower shuddered as the ‘scope hissed up her sealed tube and poked just above the light swells rocking the ocean surface.  Muhler turned his greasy cap backwards and affixed tired eyes to the rubber eyepiece, silently mouthing the name emblazoned on the forehull of the nearest freighter, now barely a thousand meters away, early morning sun glinting off her funnels.  
Bentham Cole.
“Range, nine hundred fifty meters,” he called out.  “Angle on the bow twenty-two degrees.  Make tubes one and two ready.”
Standing behind Muhler was the First Watch Officer, Joachim Wechsler.  Voices called out from somewhere forward. 
Wechsler reported.  “Tubes one and two ready.”
“Set your angle and fire.”
The firing command was given and the U-115 porpoised a little as the first G7 torpedo slipped out of her tube, motoring away on high-pitched screws.
“Watch your buoyancy, Eins WO.  Flood four and five.  And give me the count.”
The boat trimmed out the loss of the torpedo’s weight.  Wechsler checked his stopwatch, counting down the seconds.  The time seemed to last an eternity, then….
BOOOM!!
The explosion sent shock waves that shook the boat.  A great cheer erupted in the control room.
“Sound man, what do you hear?”
The sound man turned at his desk, holding ear phones tight against his head, his eyes shut to concentrate.  It was Genzbach, fresh out of the training flotilla at Trondheim, head full of black hair and a cockeyed grin on his face.  “Bulkheads collapsing, Kapitan.  Boilers crumpling…I hear the steam hissing…she’s going down fast.”
“Stupid Americans,” Muhler decided.  “No escorts, no protection at all.  They never learn.  Helm, plane up to periscope depth…I want to take a look.”
The U-115 rose slightly and leveled off a few dozen meters below the choppy surface of the Atlantic.  Above, it was still dark, early morning, but the horizon was aflame with a red-orange glow.  Muhler rotated the scope, seeing boats and arms and men adrift, while the sea surface burned with flaming oil patches.  Beyond, backlit in the glow, more funnels, more freighters and tankers, more targets.
“Surface the boat,” Muhler commanded.  “Gun crews, standby.  We’ll make our next attack on the surface with our eighty-eights.”
Muhler, Wechsler and the rest of the control room crew hung on as the planesmen made a smart up-angle maneuver to bring the U-115 to the surface.  Topside, the water was choppy, slick with burning and dying men floundering in the freezing water.  
The Germans referred to it as “die gluckliche Zeit.”  The Happy Time.
For the next four hours, Muhler and the U-115 prowled among the hapless tankers and freighters of SC-108 like a wolf in the sheep pen, picking off several with close-in torpedo shots…four hits in four tries!--, then finishing off two more with her deck guns.  The last one had been the tanker Harriston, so fully riddled with eighty-eight-millimeter fire that her superstructure burst into flames, setting off her interior fuel tanks in a terrific, sky-scraping explosion that blew her hull completely apart. Flaming debris rained down on the Atlantic for ten minutes after that.
“Secure the deck!” Muhler announced over the voice pipe.  “Eins WO, prepare to dive.  Sound man, what contacts do you have?”
Genzbach concentrated on his signals, adjusting knobs, adjusting his earphones.  “Mostly bulkheads collapsing, explosions, boilers erupting.  But Kapitan, there was something before—“
It was the quaver in Genzbach’s voice, an uncertain lilt—he was practically a boy, barely a year out of the Marineschule Murwik –that caught Muhler’s attention.  The Kapitan came over.
“What is it?  What did you hear?”
Genzbach looked up.  “Perhaps another sub…there was a faint kind of whooshing sound…while we were maneuvering, mostly astern, I think.  I heard it several times.  Unlike anything I’ve ever heard.  Maybe sea life, Kapitan. “
“Bearing, Genzie.  What was the bearing and range?”
“Hard to say, sir.  It came and went.  It sounded like air or water rushing, like you hear when a faucet’s going in the next room.”
“Okay, sound man, okay.”  He patted Genzbach on the shoulder.  “Maybe it was just a few dolphins humping, after all.  It has been pretty exciting around here.  Just keep listening on those earphones.  Any destroyers, any escorts come our way, I want to know immediately.”
“Yes, sir, Kapitan, of course.”
The deck inclined as U-115 slid beneath the waves, turning east to exit Diamond Shoals and its shallow waters and bays.  Muhler checked with the Obersteuermann, Breightmann, on their course.
“Steer east, make it heading zero eight five.  Set turns for eight knots.  We’ll go an hour or so this way, check contacts, then surface again if she’s clear topside.”
“Zero eight five, aye Kapitan,” repeated Breightmann.  He bent to his plot board and quickly penciled in their new course and speed.  
Muhler left the conn in the hands of the Eins WO, Wechsler, and headed aft to his stateroom, itself little more than a closet with a curtain shielding it from the corridor.  He plopped into his bunk, pinched his eyes shut and tried to relax.
No escorts.  Five ships sunk.  It had been easy, too easy.  When would the Americans learn?  They still had two torpedoes left, but Muhler wanted to save those for defense against destroyers if any were encountered.  That was just good tactics, he told himself, though there were some at the OKM who didn’t see it that way, the worthless paper pushers.  Muhler snorted.  
Happy time, indeed.

Five hundred meters behind the U-115, as she slid through the trackless pre-dawn black of the western Atlantic, jumpship Trieste followed at a respectful distance.
They all knew the test card called for proof they had made their target in time and space, and that proof had to be brought back to Test Conductor in Muir City. 
“Planing up now,” Charley announced.  She nudged Trieste’s joystick controls forward and the ship smoothly hummed upward, ascending through several schools of fish to breach the surface amidst rough waves and heaving froth and spray topside.
She wanted to give the U-boat plenty of distance before they tried to determine where navigation had gone wrong.
Sk’ort-Keenan was already unfastening her harness, grabbing the small bag she had stashed below her seat.  As she got up, she withdrew the bag’s contents, a spindly metal contraption that earned curious stares from Charley, Ng, even Gokel.
“What on earth is that?”
Maggie smiled faintly, heading for the gangway.  “It’s a sextant, you ignorant twerps.  I’m using it to shoot the sun’s elevation.  If I can determine where and when we are, I can figure out what went wrong.  Then we can be off to where we’re supposed to be and we’ll have our proof that we rode out T-178 to the right time and place.”
Charley just shook her head.  “The ship’ll do that automatically for you, Maggie.  You know that.  Plus, it’s already recorded the nav error in the log.”
“Sure, Skipper, I’m aware of that.  But this is the best way.  What if we lose our instruments, or power?  Sailors have been using this gadget for centuries.  It’ll be a good check on the instruments.”  She hustled aft down the gangway, ignoring more puzzled stares from Hamid and M’bela and popped the hatch on E deck.
Charley went too.  “She’ll never get enough precision in this surf to get a decent reading.”
But she found that Maggie Sk’ort-Keenan was both persistent and skilled in using the ancient device.  Not to mentioned hard-headed.  
Charley found herself holding on to the NP’s lower legs to keep her steady as Trieste rolled and bobbed in the heavy surf.  She could hear Sk’ort-Keenan’s low curses and grunts as she struggled to take a reading on the sun.
Maggie eventually ducked back inside with a broad smile on her face.  “I make the sun’s elevation at four-point-two degrees, give or take.  That proves we went back in time, but overshot our exit point by two hundred and sixty-eight years.  This was supposed to be about late February, same year.  When we left, I took a quick reading from the hangar deck.  Twenty degrees.  Now, it’s four degrees.  The sun can’t be at four degrees unless we’re somewhere in March at this position…ergo we traveled the right time stream but went back too far.  That matches the convergence angle I saw inside.”
Charley chuckled. “I’d be more impressed if we were on an English man-of-war and your name was Captain Bligh.  I’m sure McClintok will be suitably impressed, after he chews a sizeable hunk out of my hide. Get back inside.  I’ll check the instruments and get a real reading.”
But Maggie’s sextant readings turned out to be remarkably accurate.
Over the next few hours, Trieste’s crew exercised their ship and completed all requirements on her test card.
“Time to head back,” Charley decided.  “Maggie, give me a heading to the Farpool…and time to next ‘landing.’  And make sure that submarine is a long way off.”
Despite missing their navigation target by several centuries, Maggie was so pleased with her sextant that she carried the thing in her lap like a pet poodle, occasionally fondling the device.  “Steer left one nine five degrees.  Next appearance in fourteen minutes…make turns for fifteen knots.”
Charley ran their propulsors up to fifty percent.  Trieste surged forward, then began a shallow descent to fifty meters, ducking below the surf topside to a quieter, more peaceful realm below.  Blurs of schooling tuna and mackerel whizzed and scooted by them as they descended.   
“If only I had some line and bait,” Evelyn M’bela observed through a porthole on E deck.  She strapped herself in at the engineering console, just abeam of the hatch to F deck and the powerplants.  Behind the heavy shielding, Trieste’s singularity core ticked over in its shielded compartment, ready to give the jumpship maneuvering power once they were in the vortex.  “I’d catch me a couple of tuna, flay ‘em open and load up the salt, pepper and lemon….”
Beside her at the containment station, Gokel just shuddered.  “They’re people, same as you and me, wise guy.  Just ‘cause you have fins and flukes doesn’t make you somebody’s dinner.”  Just to make sure she got the point, he waved his own armfins in her face.
M’bela was about to retort back, but Charley’s voice sounded over the 1MC.
“RSO, status on power—”
Gokel changed into a more serious tone.  “Green across the board, Skipper.  MHD on line, singularity core at twenty percent.”
They both felt the first faint tugging of the outer vortex field grab the ship as she approached the Farpool on a steady course.
Trieste was headed home.  With any luck, she had passed all points on her test card and was now ready for her first operational mission…a mission called Deepfind.

After chewing Charley and her crew out for their navigation error, McClintok pronounced himself otherwise satisfied with the results of the test jump.
“Trieste passed all other points of concern,” the training commander announced in their debriefing.  “The log showed only minor systems anomalies.  But Captain Meyer, we will have to troubleshoot what happened in your first jump.”
Charley had given that some thought.  “It was me, sir.  It was my twitchy fingers on the controls.  I was just pumped and I extended the flow vanes too far.”
McClintok looked sour, running a hand through thinning black hair.  His eyes shone hard and bright.  “Then we need a little more time in the simulator, don’t we?  Where you’re going, a nav error like that could throw you right in the middle of Jupiter…wouldn’t that be nice?  Set yourself up for three days of extra sim time…until you get those flow vanes right.”
It was Maggie Sk’ort-Keenan who was brave enough to offer an alternative explanation.  “It was actually me, sir.  My calculations were off…I read the converger wrong…that’s what happened.”
A sly smile came over McClintok’s face.  Over many years of training jolts on how to jump time streams, he’d heard just about every excuse there was to hear.
  “Okay, I see what’s happening here.  Kids, you don’t fool me at all.  One hand covers for the other.  If everybody screwed up, then nobody screwed up.  Your poor old training commander is wise to that little scheme.  Twelve hours’ sim time for three days for the entire crew.  All systems.  Full mission details.  And I’ll tell the sim operators to throw everything they can think of at my hapless crew.”
“But, sir—” they all cried in unison.
McClintok raised a hand.  “No more talk.  Do your sim time like good Farpool jolts and I may grant some liberty after you’ve all scored a hundred percent on every run.  Maybe…if I feel generous.”
Glum and dispirited, the crew of Trieste departed the briefing room and reluctantly headed for the Simulation and Wargaming Center two decks down, to begin doing their penance.
Two full days later, McClintok declared the crew finally ready for the mission.  One week’s liberty was granted for the crew to get their affairs in order.
“Launch day is 28 February,” he announced.  “Just got the final tasking from CINCFAR, CINCSPACE and UNSAC.  I want everybody back here at Muir City and in your bunks by 2200 hours the night before.  Is that understood.”
“Yes, sir.”
For her own liberty time, Charley Meyer decided to make a quick jump via the public farpool to Mars.  From perusing the details of Europa Clipper’s mission, she knew that Reynaldo Diaz had been aboard.  She also knew that Rey’s family lived at Settlement Seven, on the coast of Mars’ Boreal Ocean.  
She was both delighted and a little wary when she heard that Maggie Sk’ort-Keenan was also going to the Red Planet.
They both bought tickets and shared a transfer pod departing that night from the Atlantic Farpool near Muir City.
Charley said nothing to Maggie about the dry mouth and blurred vision she’d been having lately.  Voidtime syndrome, she realized.  It’s starting.  I can’t let it get me down.  The symptoms had almost certainly affected her control of Trieste on the botched test jump.  And the symptoms were getting worse.  

The Diazes had lived on the northern shores of the Boreal Ocean for many years.  The jump took only a few seconds, landing in the canyonlands below Mariner City.
“This is where I get off,” Maggie told her.  “Looking up an old friend for my liberty.”
Charley nodded understanding.  “Well, don’t catch the clap or Old Man McClintok won’t let you onboard Trieste.”
Maggie looked at her with scorn.  “He’s not that type…I hope.”
They said their good-byes.  Charley had only a short layover, then caught a ferry skyship north to Settlement Seven, on the southern shores of the Boreal Ocean.
It would be a three-hour trip on the huge gasbag of a skyship.  Jeez, it takes all of ten seconds to jump from Muir City to Mariner City.  But to go by skyship takes three hours.  What’s wrong with this picture?
At least, the scenery was intriguing.  Mars now had an atmosphere, of sorts, thanks to the Big Smack, where GreenMars had directed a few comets into the southern hemisphere, to add some air pressure and volatiles to what had for billions of years been a paper-tissue thin atmosphere.  Pressure suits were no longer needed but the CO2 level was still too high, so breathers were mandatory.
The skyship—her name was Olympus Express—scudded north by northwest, over deep chasms and craters, mixed in with rolling fields of specially-bred wheat and soybeans.  She dozed off for a time, only to be awakened by the skyship’s maneuverings, as the ship approached the ferry terminal at Settlement Seven.  From a thousand meters up, the town—it really couldn’t be called a city—wasn’t much…a scattering of domes and habs connected by underground tubes, hard by the shores of the briny, rust-colored Boreal Ocean, which covered most of the northern latitudes of the world, all the way to its north polar cap.  
The skyship settled onto her cradle and Charley deplaned, going through Immigration and Customs with relative ease, due to her military pass and Farpool Service khakis.  She left the terminal, after grabbing a light snack, and hit the streets of the largest dome known to the locals as Chryse Hills, though there weren’t really any hills to speak of.
From perusing a small brochure in her hours of boredom aboard Olympus Express, Charley knew that S7, as it was usually called, had once been a rebel community of outlaws and ne’er-do-wells, most of whom were exiled from other communities on Mars, a sort of Tombstone or Dodge City on the Red Planet.  After the Big Smack and the coming of the rains and the ocean, though, the town had settled down and attempted to smooth over its checkered past with a veneer of respectability.
The place even had a Chamber of Commerce and a few statues and fountains. 
Charley checked her wristpad for the address of the Diazes.  18 Face Cut Street.  She wasn’t sure how much Rey’s parents knew of what had happened to Europa Clipper, so she had tried to steel herself for what she might encounter.
The Diaz’s home was located in a small red-brick bungalow on Face Cut Street, a block away from Canyon Head Park and its vast Perspex dome overlooking the Bay of Night.
Osvaldo Diaz and his wife Anna-Maria both came to the door.  It was clear from their faces that they were fully aware of what had happened.
Charley introduced herself.  “I’m heading up the rescue mission,” she told them.  “I’m just here on a few days’ liberty and I wanted to—”
Osvaldo nodded, holding up a hand.  He turned to kiss his wife and said, “I want to show her,” he said and Anna-Maria nodded silently.  Mrs. Diaz then withdrew back into the house, while Osvaldo came outside.  He waved for Charley to follow him.  Wordlessly, she did.
They walked a few blocks, then Mr. Diaz said, “You’ve done the walking tour of the city, I presume?”
“I came straight from the skyship terminal, Mr. Diaz,” Charley told him.
“Come—“ Diaz led them around a corner, heading for the ocean.  “You can’t be on Mars without seeing this.”  The portly city administrator guided them across the street to Canyon Head Park.  They made their way through picnic areas, pavilions, gazebos and swing sets to the very edge of a scenic overlook by the dome.
Charley’s jaw dropped.  “Wow…it’s a whole valley—and the ocean.”
She let her eyes sweep over the panorama of the rugged chasms below them and the ocean beyond.  Tiny waves trickled in, for the continental shelf was shallow and the ocean less than fifty meters deep.  Dust devils swirled in pairs along the sandy beach, churning up blood red shadows in the fading sunlight.  Deeper black shadows had already crept halfway down steep escarpments along the canyon walls.
“Sunset is a magical time here,” Diaz admitted.
Several families had silently gathered behind and beside them; the children played tag and hide and seek among the picnic tables.  One young couple had draped an old blanket over themselves and sat pensively at the edge of the dome, sipping something from a flask they passed back and forth.
In moments, they were surrounded by a silent throng of people, watching the sun drop below the horizon, quietly appreciating how the canyon walls changed color, from ocher and tan to a deep black, all over and done within seconds.
“Quite a show,” Charley admitted.  “This must be a tradition here…people just showed up at the right moment.”  
Diaz nodded, breathing in the spectacle himself.  “We call it ‘Night Hands.’  The kids think the shadows are like fingers creeping down the canyon walls.  Sometimes, there are concerts here…even a funeral or two.  Reynaldo never missed this, when he lived here.”
Charley was mindful of just how different Settlement Seven was from anything she had ever encountered. She was increasingly conscious of others staring at her gills and armfins. “I didn’t see a lot of amphibs on the way in, sir.  I’m guessing the rules are different here.”
Diaz seemed to smile faintly.  “In a lot of ways, Captain.  I’ve read about the Amphib laws…how some Earthside cities and regions are stricter than others.”
“Some places don’t seem to have any laws,” Charley said.  “Like Muir City…that’s where I live.”
“We’ve got our factions on Mars,” Diaz admitted.  “Some want to hurry up transformation, like the GreenMars people.  They don’t like it that others keep diverting their comets.  They want to smash Mars, shake things up a bit and jump start the Big Greening.  Others like it the way it is now…they would just as soon Earth get hit and Mars be left alone.  Same thing with Amphibs.  Some like ‘em, some embrace the idea of a new life form, sort of a new companion, even a servant of Man.  Some don’t.  We’re still hashing the details out here.  But we have to be cautious.  Mars won’t support life yet, not without a lot of machines and domes.  Me…I’m not quite ready to have a family of fishheads living next door to me…pardon my language.  I’m not sure the neighborhood is ready for that big a change.”
They walked slowly back toward the bungalow on Face Cut Street.
Charley broke the awkward silence.  “Mr. Diaz, I want you to know we have every intention of finding Europa Clipper and rescuing the crew…including Reynaldo.”
Diaz was tight-lipped.  “My wife was once a school teacher, you know.  When we lived in Barcelona…before the…you know, before the Great Exit.   She’s been a bit distraught the last week…you can understand that, I’m sure.  Neither of us knows quite what to do, what to believe.  I know you and Reynaldo were, once, kind of—” he rubbed his palms together.
Charley thought it best to head off that turn in the conversation.  “Yes, sir…some time ago, that was.  We kind of had different interests.  And the Great Exit…well, you know—”
Diaz nodded.  Then, as their bungalow came up, it was like a spigot had suddenly been turned on, words and memories came tumbling out, stumbling all over themselves, confused, emotional, not making any sense….
“Reynaldo was always adventurous, always outdoorsy, impulsive and competitive.  I remember well his first bike--he nicknamed it Aguila.  That means Eagle.”  Osvaldo had a quick nervous chuckle. “He often crashed and spent much of his early years bandaged and on crutches.  He was fearless on that bike.  Often participated in neighborhood Olympics and cycling races around Barcelona, especially along the beach road at Mar Bella and Bogatell.”
“What was Rey like, growing up?” 
They had stopped at the bungalow front door steps, but Osvaldo didn’t open the door yet.  Instead, he sat down heavily and sighed.  “His best friend growing up was Oscar Zaragoza.  Oscar and Reynaldo often cycled together throughout the inner city.  They enjoyed racing each other through park Montjuic and other large parks.”  
Diaz shook his head, a faint smile cracking his lips.  “I guess the most memorable occurrence in his early life was when Oscar and he stole into our famous Sagrada Familia church in Barcelona, hid out, became lost, then accidentally locked themselves into a closet.  They weren’t found for two days, dehydrated and ravenously hungry.  It was a coat closet and they subsisted on crackers and old peanuts found in the pockets of someone’s coat.  They were found by a church custodian.”  Diaz frowned.  “We had to ground him for three months at home as a result.”
Charley nodded, picturing the incident.  “That sounds like Rey. Impulsive.  Not the best judgment.”
“Reynaldo was an indifferent student academically.  That drove my wife crazy.  She was a schoolteacher for many years. I guess his best subject was health science, which he found interesting for its study of the human body and all its systems and features.  But he could never apply himself to books and vids.  Always, it was sports…cycling and later megaball.  We were so proud of him when he became a star player…then, there was the injury.”
The door opened.  Anna-Maria looked down.
“I thought I heard voices.  Come inside, you two.  I’ll make something Catalonian.”
For a few minutes, Anna-Maria bustled about their tiny kitchen, pulling together a quick dish of escalivada.  The three of them ate on trays in the den, a 3-d vid playing in mid-air in one corner, sound muted.  Charley saw it was a megaball contest…the World Cup from a few years ago.  Midfielder Reynaldo Diaz had just scored a goal.
“When did you and Reynaldo first meet?” Mrs. Diaz asked.  She poked and picked at her meal, eyes torn between the vid and closeups of a celebrating Rey Diaz and her guest Charley.
Charley thought back.  It had been a lot of years.  “I guess it was that trip where we first met.”
Mr. Diaz snapped a finger.  “The Ice Age Excursions.  I remember that.  Rey was excited about that.  I gave it to him as a graduation present.”
Charley smiled, thinking back.  “It really was an extraordinary adventure, depositing the two of us and the others for several days in central Europe with a tribe of hominids.  During the trip, we participated in a mastodon hunt, watched the tribe attack another tribe of Neandertals and witnessed the installation of a new tribal chief after the first one had been killed in the attack.  We got to know each other and well---I guess you know the rest of it.”
Mrs. Diaz began to cry softly.  “Rey talked a lot of about you, about this girl he had met.”  She stabbed a pile of tomatoes and peppers, but her hand was shaking so hard, they fell off the fork.  Mr. Diaz took the fork from her and closed his own hands over hers.  He looked up apologetically at Charley.
“I guess we’ve both been a little distraught lately.  Not knowing what has happened.”
Mrs. Diaz composed herself, sniffing back a few more tears.  “We’re not sure what to think.  What to believe.  We’re frantic for any kind of information.”
As we all are, Charley thought.  She tried to be sympathetic.  “I’m sure UNISPACE is doing all they can.”
Mr. Diaz’ face darkened.  He rearranged some peppers on his own plate, stabbed one and chewed vigorously.  “It’s annoying, it’s making me mad, how little they tell us.  UNISPACE should be letting the families know what’s going on.”  He glared at her a moment, then seemed to remember his manners.  “You know…it hasn’t been easy here.  On Mars.  Settlement Seven…they wouldn’t let us stay in Mariner City.”  He shook his head.  “Oh, no, we don’t have room.  All the immigrants…it’s too much…go somewhere else.”
Mrs. Diaz had recovered her composure.  “We’ve never gotten over having to emigrate…the Great Exit.  Both of us.  Barcelona was flooded.  Fish people everywhere.  Amphibs were—” but she stopped herself, realizing Charley was Amphib, sitting right next to her.  “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to—”
Charley held up a hand.  “It’s okay.  I’m used to it.”
“Really,” Mr. Diaz said, “we’re grateful you came.  I know the rescue mission will be in good hands, just meeting you.”
Mrs. Diaz wanted to take Charley’s hands.  She hesitated, eyeing the scales of her skin, then made up her mind and grabbed Charley’s hands in her own.  She squeezed tightly.
“And we’re both hopeful you and Rey will…you know…be able to get back together again.”  She smiled at her husband.  “We knew you were special, just from how Rey described you.”
Charley nodded with understanding she didn’t feel.  She didn’t tell them that Operation Deepfind was probably more likely a recovery mission, than a rescue mission.  She didn’t tell them she and Rey had been separated for years now.  She didn’t tell them she had given up on Rey to fight for her own people at Keenomsh’pont, against the Ponkti.
What was the point?
Charley stayed a while longer, not long.  There were more tears.  There was idle chatter.  There were plates of Catalan cream ice cream.  But mostly there were empty promises, vacuous platitudes and understanding glances and hand squeezes.
She finished her visit with long hugs and walked her way through deserted streets back to the skyship terminal.  The next ‘landing’ of the Farpool at Mariner City was two hours away.  She couldn’t afford to miss that one and she’d promised Maggie Sk’ort-Keenan they’d have a drink at the Night Hands Bar and get properly wasted before boarding the transfer pod.  
McClintok had been quite firm about when liberty was over and she couldn’t afford to be late for the launch of Deepfind and her ship Trieste.
But as she boarded the skyship for the three-hour trip south to the canyonlands, she couldn’t help but wonder: was it possible there were still feelings for Reynaldo Diaz buried deep inside her?

Ponkel’te, City of the Ponkti
Reed Banks, South China Sea
February 26, 2210 (Earth Universal Time)
60.2 Kv (Epoch of Kel’vishtu)

Gokel kim could feel his heart racing as he approached the bubble curtains defining the outer boundaries of the City of the Ponkti.  Momentarily challenged by a squad of guarding prodsmen, he produced a small echopod with the Metah’s voice and orders and was allowed to pass, after some growling and chirping among the guards.  He entered the vast cavern and was immediately assaulted by overwhelming smells and sounds.
He followed the spine of a pillar that buttressed one wall, passing in his descent, hundreds of small, dark recesses, cavities, niches and hollows at every level, all of them full to bursting with kelke.  
He found himself caught up in a convoy of prodsmen and thought to follow them.  Perhaps they were returning to the Prodsmen’s Hold.  Instead, he found they were bearing toward a group of canopies at the bottom, delicate pastel structures that seemed to drift slightly in the prevailing currents.  As they approached, Gokel could see that the canopies were attached by cords to flat stone foundations on the cavern floor.  Hundreds of Ponkti streamed in and out from beneath them and the entire area seemed to be the focus of great attention.
The Metah’s pavilion had been situated on a slight rise among the canopies, surrounded by more bubble curtains, elaborate beds of coral and a phalanx of angry-looking prodsmen.  
Again, Gokel passed the Metah’s echopod to a guard, his hands shaking uncontrollably as he did so.
“I have orders…” he stammered out.  “To appear before—”
“Yes, yes, I hear you, you stupid blowfish.  Follow them—”  The guard gestured impatiently at two prodsmen, young servlings, actually, who hovered nearby.  They pulsed Gokel carefully, making sure he had no weapons and that he displayed nothing but serenity and balance before being brought into the presence of the ShookMetah herself.
Then, one in front and one behind, they escorted him through bubble curtains toward an elaborate pavilion dimly visible in the murky distance.
Gokel had not been in the Metah’s presence for quite some time.
He found the ShookMetah a small and compact female, with skin silvery white on the bottom, light gray on top, smooth and rubbery.  Like many Seomish females, she had a characteristic V-notch in her flukes; long, delicate fingers, short, petite beak, churning, turbulent gas bladder, fruity natural scent.  
Orkuleema waved all supplicants and servlings away.  “Leave us!” she commanded.  Then she began orbiting the pavilion, examining the odd trembling creature who had been escorted into her presence.
He stood completely still while Orkuleema orbited the chamber, pulsing him deeply.  Now was not the time to show anxiety, despite what he felt in the presence of the ShookMetah.
Orkuleema paused her circling and drifted over to her bed, a coral outcrop softened with seagrass and glared at Gokel.  She had muted the echopod, after listening to its accounts of the training and the crew of Trieste.  “If this report is true, you are well placed, tekmetah Gokel.  Are you ready to serve your ShookMetah?  To serve the Ponkti?”
“I am ready, Affectionate Metah.”  Gokel knew that protocol demanded he approach Orkuleema and kiss her along her flanks—indeed the old vizier Oncolenia was glaring at him from the bubble curtains, willing him to do just that—but Orkuleema continued to circle restlessly.
    “Gokel kim, I shamebonded you to me for this mission aboard the Trieste ship.  You know this, yes?  You know what this means?”
“Yes, Affectionate Metah.”
“This means you must prevent Trieste and the airbreathers from ever finding Europa Clipper or rescuing her crew.  Failing this offends our ancestors.  If you fail in this, you know what must be done.”
Gokel swallowed hard, hoping his insides didn’t display his nerves, which jangled like a k’orpuh sting.  Failing a tekmetah mission was certain death.  It had always been this way.
“I understand my duties, Metah.”
Orkuleema suddenly stopped her orbiting.  She snapped her fingers.  The vizier immediately produced another echopod.  Orkuleema snatched it out of her hand impatiently and waved Oncolenia back into the shadows.  Her face softened just a little.
“Gokel…Gokel…calm down.  How long have you served me?”
“Many mah, Affectionate One.”
“True enough.  You have been litorkel’ke for so long, I’ve forgotten when you came.”  She drifted and closed her eyes, remembering.  “For a long time, I thought of you as a pet.  Then I thought of you as someone like old Oncolenia over there, a faithful servant, my valet.  Now you perform special missions for me, for the glory of the Ponkti.”
“It’s my honor to serve, Affectionate One.”
“Of course.  I pulse you well.  I know you.  Gokel, listen to me.  Though you remain tekmetah to the ShookMetah, all is not lost.  If you succeed in stopping the airbreathers and their stupid rescue attempt, yet will you live.  I’ve arranged for you yourself to be ‘rescued’ from Trieste, once she is destroyed or disabled.  There is a Ponkti detachment already in the far seas, already on Europa.  They will come and take you to their base…it’s in the ice, shielded from detection by the airbreathers.  You will continue to serve me well there.”
Tucked away in a clandestine base buried in the ice of Europa…such a prospect didn’t exactly appeal to Gokel kim but he couldn’t very well say no.  To refuse assignment when one was bound tekmetah…well, that wasn’t done.
Orkuleema handed him the tiny echopod.  “Your final orders.  Don’t lose this…and don’t let it fall into the wrong hands.”  Then she handed him something else…a small capsule.  A containment capsule.  
“These are m’jeete, from Site Alpha.  A small swarm of tiny devices, a sample from the Site.  Use these to prevent the airbreathers from learning what we are doing at Europa.  Use these as you see fit.”  
Gokel let the Metah press the capsule into his reluctant hands.  He secured the capsule in a waist pouch.   
She turned to present her sides to him and Gokel took that as his cue to come forward and nuzzle and kiss.  He did so, keeping one eye on old Oncolenia—see, you old witch, I do know how to do this—then the prodsmen escorted him out.  
The next few minutes were a blur.  Gokel had a dim memory of his prodsmen escort conveying him to the hatches at the top of the vast cavern.  When he recovered his senses and gripped the tiny echopod to make sure it was all too real, he found himself floating alone on the choppy surface of the South China Sea.  
It was dusk, twilight, and Gokel felt a sudden sense of panic.  He checked the time; liberty was almost up.  He’d have to hurry if he was to make the vactrain at Singapore’s Changi Station.  
He stroked hard as he could through the chop, realizing he had a three-hour trip to make the station, then bumped into a vacant kip’t floating nearby.  
The prodsmen must have left this.  They knew he had orders from the ShookMetah herself.
Gokel boarded the kip’t and fired up the propulsor.  He hadn’t driven one of these craft in a long time and honked and bellowed at the sound-powered controls until he had the thing up and running.  He steered south by southwest, submerging a few beats for a smoother ride, darting through and around thick schools of mackerel and snapper.
It wouldn’t do to overstay his liberty and miss the maiden voyage of Trieste.  That airbreather McClintok would bite his tail off if he wasn’t on time for crew muster.
Not to mention what the ShookMetah herself would do.

The transfer pod from Mars shuddered and hurtled out of the Atlantic Farpool in a flash of light, a roaring rush of deceleration, knocking Charley and Maggie hard against the cabin windows.  Still trapped in the vortex, Charley struggled to regain consciousness and, by instinct and training, felt the pod’s rudder go hard over, while her jets fired to counteract the residual force of the spin.  For a moment, they were both pinned sideways against their seats, until the force of the jets shot them through the core of the whirlpool and out into calmer waters.
Charley looked over at Maggie.  “I think I could have done that one better.  These automated pods need a little tweaking.”
Maggie straightened herself and loosened her safety belts.  “At least, we got here.  Hey, there’s something I wanted to discuss with you, before we get back.  Something that’s been bothering me.”
“What is it?”
“It’s about our RSO.”
“Gokel…what about him?  I mean, I know he’s Ponkti and all, but he’s had background checks, same as the rest of us.”
“I know, but…well, it’s like this.  He gives me the creeps.  Most of the crew thinks the same way…we’ve all talked about this.”
Charley thought about that.  She’d had similar feelings.  Nothing you could put a flipper on, just a feeling that it really wasn’t such a great idea to have a Ponkti aboard the Trieste rescue mission.
“Anything you can prove?” she asked.
Maggie reluctantly shook her head.  She watched the approach of the Muir City Docks.  The pod was putting in at Whitecap Quay.  For several minutes, the pod lurched and scraped its way to the wharf.
“No.  But we all feel it.  You should talk to Nasr.  And Evelyn.”
Charley had already made up her mind.  “I’ll do better than that.  I’ll go see F2.”
“The Intel shop?  I thought you might try laying this on McClintok first.  He’s the training officer.  He probably had a say in who was assigned.”
Charley shook her head.  They disembarked and went into the terminal.  “Mac’ll just parrot whatever the brass tells him to say.  F2 could really put some meat on this…if I ask right.”
“See you tomorrow morning.”
Charley acknowledged her.  “Pre-launch briefing at 0600 hours.”
Maggie left, disappearing into the crowd, though not without grabbing an armful of goodies from one of the kiosks.
Charley went to her quarters on Muir City’s D deck, took a quick look out the picture windows while she was changing into her shore uni’s.  It was cloudy, squally at sea this afternoon, but the forecast was for clearing and cooler.  She hoped the forecast held.  Launch weather needed to be good to make a safe transit into the Farpool.  
She could still see Osvaldo and Anna-Marie Diaz’s face in her mind…the anguish, the hope, the uncertainty.  She hadn’t been able to think of much else on the ride home from Mars.  
The sooner Trieste got underway, the better.

Charley didn’t have an appointment, but her uni’s and her ID got her in to see the F2 commander after some verbal jousting and rank-pulling in the front office.  Jump Commander Jurgen Holtz was a Bismarck look-alike who’d headed up Farpool Service’s intelligence operation for several years now.  Seeing Charley Meyer at his door brought the Teutonic Lion to his feet, his bushy moustache twitching with delight.
“Captain Meyer…this is quite an honor.  We’re all thinking about Trieste and her crew.  The Service is behind you a hundred percent.” 
Yeah, spoken just like a recruiting vid, she thought but didn’t say.  
The two officers saluted and shook hands.  Holtz’s grip could have crushed a coconut.
Charley said, “Thank you, sir.  My crew’s pumped and ready to go.”
Holtz waved her to sit and groped for a chair himself.  “What can F2 do for such an illustrious jolt like yourself?”
Charley went over the crew’s misgivings about having a Ponkti kelke like Gokel kim assigned to such a critical mission.
Holtz’s face darkened and became more and more serious with each allegation.  “So, this is an issue of crew morale, is it?  Crew cohesion?  Not something to be taken lightly on such an important mission.”
“That’s about it, sir.  I was wondering if—”
--if I could scare up a little dirt to disqualify this Ponkti and get him removed from your crew.”  Holtz completed her thought.
Charley nodded, a bit disconcerted that her motives could be so easily discerned.  But then Holtz hadn’t risen to F2 chief by being obtuse.
“I’ll check his record, Captain, but offhand—” he was perusing something on a display atop his desk “—I’d say what you’re asking won’t be easy.  The Trieste crew was personally approved by Admiral Cash.  I can’t change orders from CINCFAR…not without something pretty substantial to dangle in front of him.  What I see here…what you’ve given me so far…won’t cut it.”
“Yes, sir.  I was just bringing up a matter that may affect the success of our mission.  To assign a Ponkti to—”
Holtz had an annoying habit of completing sentences before you did.  “—to such a critical mission.  I know, I know, Captain.  I’m not unsympathetic.  But think about the politics CINCFAR’s had to deal with.  We’ve got the Ponkti in charge almost everywhere now.  Hell, they practically run everything down below—" Holtz was referring to the city of Keenomsh’pont which occupied the lower levels of the Muir seamount, below the City.   “The UN’s just a forgotten memory and who controls the Sea Council today?  The Ponkti and their Chinese allies.  Getting Operation Deepfind approved and crew and ship selected and trained was like navigating a mah’jeet bloom…it had to be done slowly, carefully, with due regard for all the things that could bite you and sting you.   Captain, look at your crew—” Holtz went down the roster name by name.  “You…you’re Amphib.  Hamid’s human.  Sk’ort-Keenan’s Amphib.  Ng and M’bela are humans.  Gokel’s Ponkti.  It’s a stewpot and it would be a miracle if all the ingredients blended perfectly.  That’s why you’re Captain.  CINCFAR believes you can knock heads…or fins or tails or whatever you need to do—to accomplish the mission.”
Charley wasn’t surprised at what Holtz was saying, just disappointed.  “Sir, I would have thought the mission of rescuing Clipper would take precedence over all the politics.”
Holtz smiled humorlessly and sat back, steepling his hands over an ample belly.  “Sure and I would have thought I could dive out there in the ocean and breathe water all the way to Keenomsh’pont.  Reality, Meyer.  Reality.  The Sea People are in charge here, like it or not.  Given the reality of the situation facing CINCFAR and CINCSPACE, there was no way a Ponkti would not be assigned to this mission.   It’s no secret that ocean worlds like Europa and Enceladus are of great interest to all the Sea People.  It’s not enough they take over our seas here.  They have to—” but Holtz stopped himself, before he went too far.  The intel chief’s natural caution and reticence took over.  “Let me just put it this way: I think your crew is set and there isn’t much you can do about it.”
Charley had expected this but thought it was worth the effort.  “Sir, I’d appreciate it if F2 could just raise a few questions about the qualifications of Gokel.”
Holtz nodded his best officious, bureaucratic nod.  “On the basis of crew morale and cohesion, is that it?”
“Yes, sir.”
“You’ll have to put that in writing.”
Charley did that and then saluted smartly as she left the Intel shop.  Holtz assured her he would consult with CINCFAR right away.
“I’m not promising anything, Captain.  An official request like this could well raise even more questions…you realize that.”
“I do, sir.  I wouldn’t bring this up if I didn’t think it was important.”
“Very well, Captain.  Carry on.”
Charley decided to return to her quarters, not really knowing what to expect from F2.  She told Harvey the housebot to make up some of that curry dish she liked…what was it called?  Makhani somethingorother.  
She dined on her verandah, munching thoughtfully, as daylight dissolved into twilight outside and the jetcab, skimmer and flyer traffic swirled thick as flies.  Muir City traffic never ceased, never even slowed down.
It was hard to believe that this time tomorrow, if all went well, she and her crew would be boring through the icy surface of Jupiter’s moon Europa and setting out to find and rescue the crew of Clipper.
She chugged a frosty drink to cool her tongue from the spicy curry.  Harvey always did makhana just right.
Well, we won’t be having any of this on the mission, she told herself.
She was munching on a chunk of naan when her wristpad chirped.  It was Holtz, a recorded message.  She read and listened.
She wasn’t terribly surprised at what F2 told her, given the situation.  After consultations and briefings with CINCFAR and the General Staff, the decision had been made and confirmed that Gokel kim’s skills were needed and vital to the mission.  The Ponkti would stay with the crew and launch tomorrow on schedule.
Charley turned off her wristpad and stared out at the foaming whitecaps beyond Muir City’s jetties and breakwaters.  The lights of her satellite towns sprinkled the early evening like swarms of fireflies, stretching all the way to the horizon.
Well, I tried, she consoled herself, wincing at the persistent headache that had dogged her the last few days.   
But Maggie’s report had put Charley on edge, that and her encounter with the Diaz family at Settlement Seven.  As a jump captain about to throw herself into the Farpool and into a dicey mission to rescue Clipper, being on edge wasn’t necessarily a bad thing.  It made you more alert.  It made you sharp and honed to react to anything.  It primed your reflexes and hopped up your senses to maximum sensitivity.
She resolved to keep an especially close eye on Gokel once Trieste got underway.
Chapter 5

Farpool Operations Center
Muir City, the mid-Atlantic and Europa
February 28, 2210 (Earth Universal Time)
60.6 Kv (Epoch of Kel’vishtu)

The launch of Trieste and her transit through the Atlantic Farpool went off without incident.  After a short stopover at UNISPACE’s Gateway Station, the jumpship deorbited onto the surface of Europa and made a lurching, rattling landing not far from Clipper’s now-empty base station at Rathmore Chaos.
A quick reconnaissance of the platform produced nothing new about where Clipper might be or what might have happened.  
Charley peered through Trieste’s forward windows.  Nicholas Ng had come up to the command deck to sit in Hamid’s seat.
“Nick, see that ravine off at about two o’clock?”
Ng squinted.  “I see it, Captain.”
“Let’s start boring into that level area just across and above the ravine.  See it?”
“Yes, I can get us there.”
Hamid, hunched over behind Ng’s shoulder, remarked.  “Jeez, it looks like we landed in an ice bucket.  Full of frozen foam.  Look at all the blocks and boulders and crevices.”
Ng was the ship’s ground driver and borer operator.  “Permission to unshackle the treads and drop the clutch, Captain.”
Charley said simply, “Do it.”
Trieste rumbled and shuddered as her treads were engaged.  The ship lunged forward awkwardly and was soon rolling and bumping along the ice surface.  
A ten-minute drive brought them rocking and bouncing to a small ledge, overlooking a narrow chasm, filled with darker ice.  Ng braked to a halt and edged over the lip of the ravine, pointing the nose of the submersible toward the chasm floor.  Hamid sounded the surface with radar, and pronounced the ravine approachable.
“Temps reading twenty degrees warmer…ice may be thinner here too.  Recommending we breach here, Captain.”
Charley agreed.  She told Ng to park the ship perched on the edge of the chasm.  “Let’s get the borer set up.  Nick, if you please—“
Ng gave up his seat to Hamid while Charley unstrapped and headed with Ng, now the borer operator, forward through the central gangway to A deck, where the borer and containment systems were located.  Once released from containment, the borer lens would be filled with uncountable gazillions of nanobots, optimized for disassembling solid-phase structures…like ice.  
Soon enough, Trieste was humming and vibrating as its borer began chewing through thirty kilometers of ice.
“This tunnel should put us about here,” Maggie Sk’ort-Keenan pointed to a map of the surface on her plot table.  “Directly below the west side of this ridge called Tara Regio.  That’s the last reported position of Europa Clipper.”
“Very well,” Charley said.  “I’m heading to my quarters for a little shut-eye.  Wake me when we breach the ice and drop into the ocean.”
At the exact same moment that Charley had retired to her quarters, Maggie Sk’ort-Keenan went off to her own bunk, trying to get a little shuteye, going over in her mind’s eye an idea she had been working on to re-design the ship’s navigation system.  It was a crazy idea, probably wouldn’t work anyway, but she couldn’t relax, couldn’t get any sleep, so she had gotten up and was headed toward the gangway hatch.
Maybe something to drink and munch on in the mess compartment would help.  Plus, it would get her away from that insane snoring of Nasr Hamid…Jeez, that pilot sounds like a herd of elephants in heat.
But before she could exit the crews’ berth on C deck into the gangway tunnel, a shadow had drifted by the hatch opening.  Instinctively, she held back to let whoever it was pass by.
It turned out to be Gokel kim, the Ponkti Amphib, moving quickly aft. 
When asked about the incident later, Maggie could never give a convincing reason for why she decided to follow the Ponkti to wherever he was going.  Instinct, maybe.  Suspicion, for sure.  Curiosity.  All these were suggested as motives for what she had done.
Regardless, Sk’ort-Keenan waited for a full five-second count, then slipped out into the gangway.  Down at the end of the tunnel that ran through the center of Trieste, giving access to all decks and compartments, she saw the back of Gokel’s head.  He turned and slipped into the hatch for G deck.  
Why’s he going that way, she wondered.  Didn’t he hear the Skipper on the crewcomm?  G deck was for Ingress/Egress.  It contained the lockout chamber for crewmen to enter and leave the ship while she was underwater.  Sk’ort-Keenan instinctively headed down the gangway in the same direction.  G deck also provided access to Trieste’s tail pod, where equipment and controls were housed for buoyancy control, the hydrojets, the magnetohydrodynamic power plant and her stern plane and rudder systems.  
Sk’ort-Keenan crept down the gangway with a growing sense of unease.  She could feel the ship settling down for cruise.  She had just punched out of the ice and vibration was steady and she was leveling out at her cruise depth.  The Navigator didn’t want to think too much about that.  The truth was they were thirty kilometers below the surface of this cracked billiard-ball of a world.  They were well below the ice crust now and heading deeper into this subterranean ocean.
If anything went wrong here—
At G deck hatch, Sk’ort-Keenan peered cautiously into the deck compartment.  At first, she didn’t see anything, didn’t see Gokel, didn’t see anything out of the ordinary.  She wasn’t even sure Detachment personnel were allowed down here.  She certainly wasn’t familiar with any of the gear or systems on G deck.
She slipped through the hatch.
That’s when Maggie Sk’ort-Keenan spotted Gokel kim kel: Ponk’et.  Behind the starboard stern plane mount, Gokel…or whoever the hell he was…had slipped over to the ship’s hull itself.  The Ponkti had gathered around some gear mounted on an inner bulkhead.  
With a start, Sk’ort-Keenan soon realized the gear which had attracted Gokel’s attention and efforts was a hull valve, part of the buoyancy control system.  The valve assembly allowed water in and out of Trieste’s trim and buoyancy tanks.  The hull valves helped Trieste stay in trim, and both ascend and descend.  
From her memory of a distant briefing before they had left Muir City, Sk’ort-Keenan recalled that the hull valves were fully exposed to the water.  It was a critical system.  The hull valves had to work.  If they failed closed, Trieste couldn’t expel water with her high-pressure air and ascend to the surface.  If they failed open, the entire interior pressure hull, all spaces, would be exposed to water.  A catastrophic flooding casualty could result…Captain Meyer had been quite clear about that.
What the hell is he doing? Maggie wondered.  She eased into the deck compartment and then it hit her.
Gokel was releasing a small swarm of bots from a capsule, to infest the hull valve.  
Her heart went into her mouth.  She had to do something.  She had to stop him.  
Maggie felt for the alarm panel by the hatch and stabbed the Master Alarm button.  Instantly, a warning klaxon sounded throughout Trieste, screeching and warbling through all decks.  
Gokel turned around and spotted her.  She saw that his hand was gone…or more accurately, had become enveloped in a cloud of bots.  A steady stream was flowing out of the capsule in his hand and into the hull valve assembly.
There was only one thing she could do.  All the HERF and mag weapons were locked in the armory on D deck, three levels away.   
Maggie slapped her belt capsule open and the embedded ANAD swarm inside was released. Every crew member had one and had been trained on how to use it.  A small stream of bots, looking like a fine mist, flowed out, filling the hatch.
She shook her head just so and the quantum coupler circuit was open.  Now she could communicate with the swarm master replicator.
“Assume config eight…max reps…all effectors enabled— “she commanded.  Then she flipped open her wristpad viewer and went small, preparing to engage Gokel’s swarm at the only scale where it mattered: nanoscale.
Maggie Sk’ort-Keenan went over the ‘waterfall’ and quickly found herself in a sleet of polygons and tetrahedrals.  ANAD’s propulsors spun up to full power and she sounded ahead, hunting for the signatures she knew had to be there.
The only sure way to kill a swarm was with another swarm.  She’d learned that on day one in jolt school tactical class.  
It was high time to kick the bejeezus out of this scumbag Gokel and his little helpers. 

Charley Meyer was scrolling through some notes in her bunk when the master alarm sounded through the ship.  Instantly, she sprang up and headed out into Trieste’s central gangway.  As she headed aft toward the sound of the klaxon, she collided with Nasr Hamid, coming down from B deck.
“What the hell’s going on?” 
Hamid was grim.  
“It’s coming from G deck…there are vital systems down there.  Come on—“  Charley pushed past both of them and pulled herself along the gangway rails.  When she got to the hatch, she slipped inside and came up short.
Half the compartment was enveloped in some kind of bot swarm.  And Maggie Sk’ort-Keenan was crouched behind some pallets nearby, steering her own embedded swarm into engagement.  
Charley saw the problem right away.  The hull valve was fully enveloped in a swarm.  And already a thin stream of water was spraying into the compartment.
“The hull valve—watch out!”
Even as Charley dove headfirst to push Maggie out of the way, the valve gave way and high-pressure water screeched into the compartment in an ear-splitting whine.  Maggie was knocked off her feet and lost control of her own swarm.  Charley plowed into Gokel.  Water shot across the compartment floor, knocking equipment off nearby shelves, scattering pallets of gear and rapidly filling the compartment.
Through it all, the Master Alarm klaxon shrieked.
Charley couldn’t get any closer to the valve assembly; Evelyn M’bela had appeared and grabbed Charley’s arm, holding her back.  “Don’t get too close!” she yelled over the din.  “You’ll be atom fluff in no time….”
Charley tried to twist free.  “The valve…I’ve got to—“
“Forget it!  It’s gone— “
Water was rising rapidly from the floor of G deck.  “At least, shut that hatch!  It’s watertight…let me get back to B deck and counterflood…try to stabilize the ship!  Maybe I can open enough air flasks to keep the breach from getting worse!”
M’bela released Charley.  For a moment, the two looked at each other.  M’bela knew the situation was grave and getting worse.  “Get everybody out of this compartment, Captain.  Right now.  Once that hatch is shut and I empty the air flasks, you won’t be able to get out.  You’ll all be killed.  We’ll keep Gokel under control.”
M’bela bodily shoved Charley through the hatch and into the central gangway.  “If we don’t stop that swarm right here and now, Captain, nothing else will matter!”
Charley shrugged, nodded grimly and disappeared up the gangway.  With Nasr Hamid’s help, M’bela dogged the hatch shut and made it fast.  Then she turned to the Gokel, now nearly enveloped in the swarm.
The entire far wall of the compartment was now thick with bots, the swarm replicating at max rate.  Maggie Sk’ort-Keenan was sloshing around in the freezing water, trying to get herself upright, while Trieste lurched and listed heavily to starboard, as G deck took on more and more water.  Her own embedded swarm had disappeared, absorbed, probably destroyed by Gokel’s swarm.  
M’bela knew there was only one thing to do.  Maggie’s instincts had been right.  The best way to fight a swarm was with another swarm.  As she cycled her own shoulder capsule open and released her own embed, Nasr Hamid dove into the swarm and pulled Gokel aside, throwing him to the deck.
Hamid practically sat on top of the squirming Ponkti.  He motioned to M’bela to release her own swarm.  “Get small!” he yelled over the shriek.  He grabbed a nearby stanchion to stay upright as Trieste lurched again, and her list became even more pronounced.  Up on B deck, he knew the Captain was fighting to keep the ship under control.  “Maggie, come over here and keep Ev steady.  She’s going under—“
Maggie sloshed and splashed through the water, now knee high and rising, and grabbed M’bela to hold on.  She secured another arm around the stanchion and tried to brace them both.
“I’ve got you, Ev!  Let ‘em have it!”
M’bela went over the ‘waterfall’ and quickly found herself in a sleet of polygons and tetrahedrals.  ANAD’s propulsors spun up to full power and she sounded ahead, hunting for the signatures she knew had to be there.
Twenty meters above them, Charley Meyer was frantically fighting the boat, trying to regain some kind of stability.  She strapped herself into the commander’s seat, as the ship lurched yet again, and her fingers flew over the keyboard.
“Counterflood…counterflood…got to trim her out!” she muttered to herself.  “Come on, come on—“
Charley managed to open valves on several ballast tanks, overriding all safeties and inhibits, letting tons of seawater in to trim out Trieste and level her out.  A quick glance at the board told her all she needed to know.
They were listing slightly to starboard, with a ten-degree up angle on the planes, sinking tail first through four hundred meters and their rate of descent was picking up.  Trieste was stern heavy and had lost almost all forward way.  Charley ran the throttles on her powerplant to full, trying to counter the tail drag with as much forward speed as he could but it was a losing battle.  Trieste’s waterlogged stern was dragging her down by the tail faster than her engines could move her forward.  She was losing speed and sinking, crabbing her way through the water.
Got to counterflood and get her stern up, Charley told herself.  Her fingers flew over the controls.  If she couldn’t stop their descent and soon, Trieste would rapidly descend below crush depth.  Below a thousand meters, her hull would crumple like a wad of paper and all aboard would perish in a particularly gruesome way.
“I hope to God that compartment is secure,” she muttered.  She checked the panel to her right.  Indicators showed the hatch had been shut and secured.
It was time to open the emergency air flasks.  Emergency blow and pray to God they had enough air to evacuate the compartment.  
She took a deep breath.  When the emergency air flasks were open full, air at several hundred psi would begin screaming into the compartment on G deck and into all Trieste’s ballast tanks.  She wasn’t sure if the crew members trapped in the compartment would survive the blow.  If there was a merciful God in heaven, they would all drown before that happened.
Charley swallowed hard and pressed the buttons to start the blow.
A blast of high-pressure air shrieked into G deck.
For Evelyn M’bela, now at nanoscale with her embedded ANAD, it was like riding a gnat through a hurricane, like riding a roaring river down a waterfall.  She immediately retracted all of ANAD’s effectors in an attempt to ride out the storm.  Then she hunkered down and slogged her way forward, trying to get a read on anything unusual up ahead, high thermals, high EMs, an acoustic signature, anything.
Somehow, some way, she had to locate the bots of Gokel’s swarm and engage.
M’bela got on the crewnet.  “Nasr, you and Maggie take your embeds and fab some kind of shielding for that valve.  See if you can stop the water or slow it down.”  The inrushing water was already pooling up to her knees and rising fast.  “Maybe that’ll help the Captain.”
“I’m on it.”  Maggie sloshed through the cold swirling water toward the stanchion where the breach had occurred.
Just then, M’bela got an acoustic ping.  She checked her board.  Sure enough, ANAD’s sensors had detected something unusual up ahead, through the driving sleet of water molecules, a faint echo, maybe a spark of thermal activity above average.  Could be some bots assembling something…or disassembling something.  She revved up propulsors to max and steered the master assembler on that heading.
The reading ebbed and flowed so she steered as best she could through the maelstrom, tacking first one way, then another, trying to work upstream against the onslaught of molecules from the flood.  
There.   Gotcha.
M’bela chopped propulsors and probed ahead with electromagnetic fingers.  Density going up.   Those ain’t no water molecules, she told herself.  Cautiously, she probed some more and brought ANAD around to approach from the side, gaining a different aspect view of the targets.
Slowly, ghostly shapes began to materialize out of the fog.  Gokel’s bots, thousands of them.  As she closed in, she could see the elongated multi-lobed form of the assemblers…squat barbells festooned with all manner of effectors and grabbers.  Whirling propulsors at both ends, spinning into a blur as the bots fought to maintain position.
It was like nothing she had ever seen before.
M’bela worked her config controls, setting up ANAD to engage.  Carbene grabbers, enzymatic knife, bond disrupters, everything was ready.  ANAD flexed its nanoscale fists and drove forward, spoiling for a fight.
The two formations came together and sparks flew, as bond disrupters ripped at effectors, liberating millions of electron volts.  The bots thrashed and hacked, searching for weak spots, closing, then backing off to find another angle.  It was a boxing match, feint here, jab there, grasp and thrust, parry and kick.  
In the last seconds before the grapple, M’bela had noticed an open seam in the enemy bots’ outer casing, right amidships, between whirling effectors above and below, almost like a waist belt.  She surmised it was a structural join, a connection drawing together assembled segments of the bots’ scaffolding.  Could be a weak spot. 
If I could just get a bond disrupter in there—
Throughout the battle front, ANAD had replicated uncountable trillions of assemblers and each one was slaved to the master.  Whatever move and maneuver M’bela made was instantly copied and repeated by every replicant.  Now, she twisted and turned to bring her forward disrupters to bear on the enemy bot’s midsection.
Just a little further—she shuddered as ANAD was ripped by the enemy’s carbene grabber.  ANAD recoiled slightly, losing effector tips in a spinning puff of atoms.  Ouch.  That had to hurt….
She closed in again, shielding herself from assault, extending her own disrupters as far forward as they would go.  Just a little bit further…there!
She let it go.  The disrupter tore at valence electrons that hovered like a cloud over the mid-section seam.  Instantly, the seam buckled and gave way.  An explosive cloud of electrons erupted, sparking and sizzling like oil on a gas grill.  The bot’s outer casing buckled and tore away in a frenzied thrashing, as more bonds were severed.  Its props and effectors spun down and the momentum of the bond break sent the bot cartwheeling away.
It had worked.
Evelyn M’bela knew that in every nanoscale combat encounter, there were always weaknesses in the enemy bots.  The point of all the tactics was to find that weakness and exploit it, before the enemy did the same to you.
All up and down the battlefront, ANAD replicants duplicated the maneuver, closing with their opponents, grappling and punching, searching for the midwaist seam.  Any opening, any letdown, and ANAD bond disrupters were there, zapping at the weak spot.  
The water was soon churning and frothy with atom parts and molecule fragments.
And the Gokel swarm would be so much atom fluff.
M’bela made sure her bots were running the assault as she had demonstrated.  Now, she had to do something about Gokel himself, still pinned under Nasr Hamid, still squirming to get free.  
She shifted back to macroscale, fighting off the disorientation that always came with shifting back and forth, and surveyed the situation. 
Maggie, Hamid and Gokel were close by, clinging to a stanchion to stay upright or on the deck, while they tried to maneuvered their own embeds to replicate a patch for the hull valve breach. Icy cold water still poured in, but the water flow seemed to have slacked off.  A shrieking blast of high-pressure air was still sweeping the compartment.  It was the Captain’s effort to contain the flood, and drive the inrushing water out of the compartment, into Trieste’s drains and bilge, where it could be flushed back into the sea.  
M’bela covered her ears and screamed at the top of her lungs, trying to equalize pressure inside her head.  She had to find some kind of containment for Gokel while the bots were still neutralized.  Then she hit on an idea.  Why not just fabricate one?  She had the config for a MOBnet.
M’bela worked her wristpad controls, stealing a small element of ANAD replicants from her embed swarm.  She hacked out a quick config for the MOBnet and set the replicants to work fabricating it.  Then she programmed the ANAD master to steer the rapidly forming enclosure over and on top of Gokel.  Inch by inch, Hamid moved away and the net settled over top of the Ponkti, who struggled futilely for a few seconds, before giving up in a huff.  It wasn’t pretty but it should work.  
M’bela knew their job wasn’t done yet.  They’d have to make sure there weren’t any bots left over.  A final, very thorough sweep of the compartment would have to be done.
As she sloshed around the compartment, she realized that the patches Maggie and Nasr had fashioned seemed to be working.  The water flow had been greatly reduced, now to just a thin stream.  Around the bulkhead where the hull valve had once been, a shimmering globe of bots held back the water, except for the thin stream.  
“Good work, guys,” M’bela told them.  Just above the water surface, a faint mist drifted toward the containment vessel that her own ANAD embeds had just fashioned.  A small capsule floated on top of the water.   “Roundup time.  The sooner we get these bastards corralled, the better.”
“Amen to that, Ev,” said Maggie.  She shook her head, trying to equalize pressure.
Hamid located the intercom and told Captain the situation was under control on G deck.  “Kill the blow, Captain.  We’re all getting a splitting headache down here.”
Moments later, the emergency air died off and the shriek that had deafened them for the last few minutes dropped down to a faint whistle.   The hull breach had been stopped and the worst of the water, now swirling around at ankle depth, had been driven down into Trieste’s drain system.  
The ship seemed stable enough.  “I’m heading forward,” Hamid said.  “Make sure all these bots get contained.  The Captain and I need to have a word.”  He slipped out into the gangway and made his way along the railing all the way to the command compartment on B deck.
Charley was in the commander’s seat, scowling over a map on her board.  
“We’ve got to return to the surface, Captain.”  
Charley tapped the map; it displayed an ice-level view of Europa’s surface.  Trieste’s position was indicated with a blinking red dot.
“What’s our status?” she asked.  
“Trieste’s taken a hell of a beating.  And we don’t know what’s ahead.  We need to surface the ship and do a thorough inspection.”
Charley took a deep breath.  Although she was nominally the mission commander, she knew she had to defer to Hamid when it came to Trieste. Hamid was the ship’s pilot.  “We got the swarm contained, Captain.  And Gokel’s inside a MOBnet, suffocating I hope. And we managed to patch the breach on G deck…it should hold just fine.”
Charley rubbed her eyes wearily.  “If that’s true, Nasr, why do we need to surface?  Clipper’s out there—we don’t know what her condition may be.  We need to keep searching…for their sake.”
“All true enough, Captain.  But Trieste’s my responsibility. I can’t guarantee our own safe operation unless I can do a thorough inspection and make necessary repairs.  That hull breach may be patched for now but it needs to be looked at.  And my controls, especially the stern planes, are sluggish.  Maybe Gokel did something to the mechanism back there.  Then there’s the buoyancy control system.  You don’t go through an emergency blow like that without checking everything out.  Hell, we could blow a seal or another valve an hour from now and be in even worse shape.  No—“ Hamid was firm, “we should bore through the ice at the very least and put Trieste back on the surface.  If necessary, she can be careened on the ice and checked over visually.”
Charley wasn’t fully convinced.  “What’s Trieste’s condition now?”
Hamid shrugged.  “Where do you want me to start?   We’ve got propulsion and some buoyancy control.  The borer seems to be okay.  But I don’t want to test the hull at any greater depth, until she’s checked out.  With all due respects, our bots that patched the hull are just bots.  We need something stronger before we go on…we have no idea what’s ahead.”
“You’re recommending we surface the ship, do inspections and make repairs?”
“That’s what I’m recommending.  Not only proper procedure but common sense dictates we check ourselves out thoroughly.  We could lose the whole ship if we don’t…then what happens to our mission?”
Charley knew this would have to be sent back to Farpool Service and UNISPACE for a decision.  
“We can’t lose any more time, Nasr,” she told him.  She looked out a nearby porthole.  Nothing to see.  Europa’s ocean was black as night.  They might as well have been swallowed by a black hole.  “The mission’s too important.  Clipper and her crew are depending on us.”
“What good can we do them if Trieste’s destroyed or disabled?”  
Charley had to admit Hamid had a point.  “We’ve got our own swarms that can help,” she said.  “We’ve got the best configs.  You need any patches, any tools, anything at all…I’m sure M’bela’s got swarms that can make it.”
Hamid was doubtful, but relented and said, “Aye, Captain.  We’ll get right on it.”
Charley got up too.  “Let’s put Gokel in his quarters, under restraint.  I need to have a word with that Ponkti scum.”

Maggie, Hamid and M’bela wrestled the now-docile Gokel up the gangway to his own quarters on C deck.  They left him pinned inside the MOBnet but opened the top so he could breathe.  While the others went about the arduous job of sanitizing the rest of Trieste against loose bots and cleaning up G deck, Charley shut the door to Gokel’s quarters and stood there, arms folded.
Gokel was Amphib, same as she and Maggie, but in Gokel’s case, he had gone through the procedure from being a full-blooded Ponkti male before.
“It’s the Metah, isn’t it?” she asked.  “You’re bound to Orkuleema in some way.  What were you thinking, Gokel?  You could have killed us all, yourself included.”
The Rescue Systems Officer scowled back at her, his gill flaps rigid with hatred.  For a moment, he tested the MOBnet but soon gave up and glared back at her sullenly.  “Europa is Ponkti territory.  You can’t stop that.  The near seas are Ponkti and soon, the far seas will be too.”
Charley scoffed.  “I shouldn’t even dignify that crap with an answer.  Earth’s seventy percent water.  You have that.  What gives you the right to seize other waters?”
Gokel glared at her.  “Ponkti do what we must to survive.   The inner worlds like Earth you can have.  We want the outer worlds…the ones with organics, volatiles…and water.  The human Darwin called it ‘survival of the fittest.”
“What a load of crap, Gokel.”
“May I quote from the famous ‘Ethnological Study of the Seomish’?  Your own airbreather science believes this.”  He recited the words from memory…. ‘…the Ponkti are aloof, relatively militant in their outlook and generally untrustworthy.  They usually keep to themselves preferring to refine their martial skills.  The Ponkti are renowned as the originators and masters of the deadly dance of combat called tuk.
‘Today, the Urku Ponkti mostly congregate in a settlement called Ponkel’te in the South China Sea.  They have a problematic, but continuing relationship with the Chinese.
‘Because of their self-imposed isolation, little is known about the Ponkti and this adds to the climate of uncertainty and fear that has in the past led to disputes, misunderstandings, even military clashes…the presence of the central religious shrine of Seome, the Pillars of Shooki, was another source of revenue.  The Ponkti negotiated a contract which remunerated them for maintaining this shrine.  In return, they permitted kel pilgrims from across Seome to travel unimpeded through Ponkti waters to and from the shrine.  Further profit was made by serving and housing these pilgrims.  It was a classic example of Ponkti hypocrisy: they were certain that Shooki ignored the prayers of the pilgrims and viewed the visitors as misguided but wealthy fools, ripe for the plucking…’”  
Charley just shook her head.  “Complete bullshit, Gokel.  The Ponkti have always nursed a strong sense of grievance.  You’re Amphib…same as me.  We should be on the same side.  Amphibs have been taking grief for decades.  Somehow, some way, you’ve gotten yourself bound to your Metah.  Don’t act so surprised,” she added, when she saw Gokel flinch slightly.  “What are you…her pet?  What hold does Orkuleema have over you?”
Gokel’s face was a mask of loathing. That was a little too close to the truth.   “I was born Ponkti.  My em’kel put me through the procedure when I was a midling…very young.”
“Why would they do that to you?”
Gokel closed his eyes, remembering.  “My em’kel thought I could better serve the Metah if I could live and work in both worlds…water and notwater.”
“Right.  Work and serve.  Like a spy…and now a saboteur.  Farpool Service takes a dim view of crewmen trying to destroy their ships.  In fact, if—” she was interrupted by a voice over the 1MC.  It was Hamid, up on the command deck.
“Captain to command deck, Captain to command deck—”
Charley answered.  “What is it, Nasr?”
“Sonar contact, Captain.  Very faint.  Could be Clipper.”
“I’ll be right there.”  She turned to leave, then turned back to face Gokel.  “Don’t get any ideas.  I’ll deal with you later.”  Charley left his quarters, making sure the door was well secured and headed up the gangway.
After he was sure she was gone, Gokel flexed and squirmed inside the MOBnet, enough to begin sliding the enclosure millimeter by millimeter across the deck.  He knew the Metah’s crypto-signaler was hidden in a pocket of his other duty uniform.  It was past time to signal the Ponkti ship…Puklek’tik.  If he could just get a little closer….
Up on the command deck, Charley hunched over the sonar display behind Hamid.  Maggie was there as well.
“What have you got, Nasr?”
“Just happened,” said Trieste’s pilot.  “Broadband sonar chirped…it’s a very faint contact…there—”
Charley studied the plot.  “This shows the contact somewhere around the intersection of these two linea…” she mouthed the words, “…Rhadamanthus and Telephassa lineas.”
“Both pressure ridges, about four hundred and forty kilometers away.  West by southwest from here.  The returns match what I would expect from a jumpship.  And there was something else, Captain.”
“What else?”
Hamid took a deep breath.  His eyes locked with Maggie’s, who nodded faintly…go ahead…tell her.
“Two things, really.  Passive sonar picked up other sounds.  Captain, it sounded to me like bulkheads flexing.  Or collapsing.”
Charley was grim.  She put a hand on his shoulder.  “Okay, Nasr, okay.  What was the other thing?”
“Well, on top of that return and what I was getting from broadband, I kept getting a different kind of signal…high freq, repeating, a certain amplitude.  I thought I knew what it was so I asked WINSTON, the computer, to look at it.  Captain—” Hamid turned around to face Charley, “WINSTON says its EBRS.  Likely from Clipper.  Has to be.”
Charley whistled.  “Emergency Buoy Reporting System.  Where is it?”
Hamid manipulated the plot, changing its view and aspect.  “Here.  About a hundred kilometers…along these ridges…just below Powys Regio, where Pelorus Linea runs into that chaotic terrain up on the ice.”
Charley rubbed her eyes.  Her neck ached from fighting the ship during the flooding casualty.  The syndrome just would not let her alone.  “These contacts are hundreds of kilometers apart.  How does an emergency buoy wind up that far from Clipper…if that is Clipper?”
Hamid shrugged.  “Unknown, Captain.  Currents maybe.  Something happened to the ship when EBRS was launched.”
Charley turned to Maggie.  “Nav, how long to the buoy?  It looks like we can pick it up on the way to the other contact.”
Maggie had settled into her own station.  She worked some keys, then said, “About seven hours, Captain.  Come right to two nine five degrees and we’ll be headed right for it.  After that, come left to two five zero and that’ll put us on course for Clipper.”
Charley didn’t have to give the idea much thought.  “Seven hours to the buoy.  And how much longer to the other contact?”
Maggie was quick with the answer.  “Another five, at least, Captain.  That’s Argadnel Regio.  There are all kinds of ice bergs and rafts and pressure ridges there.  We’ll have to be careful.”
“Do it.  Steer that way.  And make turns for flank speed to the buoy.”
“Aye, Captain,” came a chorus of replies.
Moments later, Trieste surged forward, churning through the Ocean of Night at close to thirty knots on her main propulsor.
Charley stayed on the deck for awhile longer, buried in her seat, lost in thought and studying the plot maps of the area, silently willing the ship to go faster, to burn the water in her dash to the contact.
She didn’t know how much longer Clipper could hold out.  And if Rey Diaz was aboard—

Six and a half hours later, the insistent beeping of active sonar startled Charley awake.  She had never left the command deck, having fallen asleep in her seat.  She was stiff and sore.  And the tremors had come back. 
Hamid’s voice came from the pilot’s seat.  “I disengaged autohelm, Captain.  Buoy’s just above us, still beeping but her batteries are dying.  Another day and we would have lost her.”
Charley tried to see anything out of the ship’s portholes but the black water cloaked everything.
Maggie added, “EBRS is wedged against a crevice, just below the lower ice level.  We’ve risen up to about fifty meters below.”
Trieste carried a pair of remote underwater drones, Geek One and Geek Two, for ticklish underwater recon or retrieval.
“Send out Geek One,” Charley ordered.
Hamid checked with Evelyn M’bela, already back at the lockout on G deck.  “Spinning up now, Captain.  Geek One’s in the lockout.”
Moments later, they all heard the whoosh as the drone surged out into the water and maneuvered above them to grapple and retrieve the EBRS buoy.
Half an hour later, the entire crew save Hamid, who remained at his pilot’s forward station monitoring the ship, had assembled in the crews’ mess.  The data recorder had been gingerly extracted from the buoy and cleaned up.
“Is it operable?” Charley asked.  The recorder was the size and shape of a small shoebox.  It was plugged in and draped with thick ganglia of wiring and cables.  
“We’ll soon found out,” said M’bela.  She checked all connections, made sure the output was ported to the monitor and paused, looking at Charley for orders.
Charley didn’t hesitate.  “Play it.”
M’bela punched the button….

Emergency Buoy Reporting System EBRS Main File 101
Play Pause Stop Edit Save Delete

Alicia Wu Lifelogger File #30:

BTW, this is my favorite quote for the mission: “It is better to conquer yourself than to win a hundred battles. Then the victory is yours.  It cannot be taken from you, not by angels or demons, nor heaven or hell.” 
 
Buddha

It was Casey Winans’ idea to quarantine Commander Sonora in her quarters, for her own good.  And for ours.  It was hard but it was the right thing to do…even Casey the Bitch Goddess said if we didn’t, the skipper would be driving Clipper right back to the Wreck again.
Nobody wanted that.
I’ve taken the liberty of downloading and synchronizing everybody’s lifelogger files for the last few days, so as to put together some kind of chronological report on what happened.  Rey Diaz calls it CYA or a form of self-justification but we all have a responsibility to make factual reports during the mission.  If we don’t, Farpool Service could easily send another unsuspecting crew right into the very same trap. 
As it stands now, the vote is three to one, in favor of boring back through the ice, getting to the surface, somehow driving back to the lander and returning to orbit.  From down here, comms with Gateway in orbit are pretty spotty, so they don’t have a clue as to what we’ve run into here.  
I just hope they can figure out a way to treat us, all of us, before this thing, this infection or whatever it is, gets worse.
Here’s the first of the lifelogger files I patched together…

Miriam Sonora Lifelogger File #27 (appended):

I was looking over some old maps and sea charts when the sonar contact alarm sounded.  Okay, so I like old maps.  The Service psychs tried to convince me, after Neptune and Ganymede, that hanging out with old maps was symbolic of me wanting to run away from Kris, from my boy Tyler and all that.  Can you believe that?  Really, I just happen to like old maps.
Clipper had been cruising serenely at thirty knots, in level trim, when that first alarm sounded.  I guess I had dozed off because it startled me. 
I realized as I startled myself awake that it was the sonar alarm.  Clipper had detected something ahead, something big from the looks of it.  Auto-helm was engaged and she had already begun slowing.
I came fully awake and rubbed my eyes.  I studied the sonar plot.  Whatever it was, it was a large object, some ten thousand meters dead ahead.   
Probably a chunk of ice from the surface crust…broken off, I surmised.  From the nav console, I could see Clipper had just about made her first waypoint coordinates, hundreds of meters below the ice at Tara Regio.  I got on the intercom.
“STO 1 to the command deck…Casey, get up here to the command deck at once….”
I disengaged autohelm and took the controls myself, slowing the ship to a crawl.  I didn’t want to run Clipper into something this big without studying it first.
Winans’ head popped into the compartment a few moments later.
“What gives, Captain?”
“Take a look at the plot.”
Casey Winans—our STO 1 and chief engineer-- slid into the second seat and studied the sonar return.  “What is it, Skipper…one of your shipwrecks?  Can we get a little closer?”
“We can try,” I said.  I ignored the jibe.  It’s no secret Casey and I don’t get along but that’s for later.  
Slowly, Clipper closed on her target, dead ahead.   The subsurface ocean below Europa’s ice surface was completely devoid of light, black as night.  But the returns from Clipper’s sonar indicated that the object could be something worth investigating.
Casey studied the plot.  “Doesn’t look like ice to me…too convoluted.”  
Eventually, I brought us to a complete stop, five hundred meters away.  
We discussed our options.  Alicia came up too.  She’s an astroglaciologist and she said it didn’t look like ice to her either.  Both Doll-Face and the Bitch Goddess concurred.  “We need to check this out.  What about Uncle?”
“This is about as well as our sonar can resolve the target,” I agreed.  “From the returns, it seems to be a large platform, with some kind of structures on top.  I’m getting faint returns around the main one, too, smaller objects of some type.  Get Uncle ready, both of them.  Rey can help you.  And Alicia, get back to the galley and get me some of that amunofen…I’ve got a splitting headache.”
Casey disappeared into the main gangway and headed aft to G deck.  That’s where we kept Uncle One and Two…our little robotic ships that often did initial recon on objects and sites of interest.  Alicia came back a few moments later.  
“You too, Skipper?  My skull’s been about to crack all morning.”  We both washed down several pills and concentrated on getting the feed from Uncle.  
As soon as Casey called up and said the drones were ready, I started inching us forward, cranking up our spots and floodlights, trying to bring as much illumination to bear on the targets as possible.  It was like shining headlights through a dense fog.
“Launching Uncle One and Two, “came Casey’s voice.  Presently, the murmur of their jets could be heard nearby.
“Got ‘em,” Alicia said.  “I have full control…both bots…steering straight ahead…you want sonar, Skipper?”
“Sound away,” I said.  “I’ve got nothing but scrambled eggs on my scope.”
 “I’m calling up Uncle One,” I told everybody.  By now, even Rey Diaz had come up to the command center.  “Let’s see what the drones can find out.”  I pressed a few keys on my wristpad and the underwater bots surged forward, their jets whirring gently.  They both plunged into the murk and were soon lost to view.  Diaz patched in to the bot’s sensors.  Soon, the whole team was getting sonar, EM and visuals back from Uncle One.
What we saw made my throat go dry.
It was some kind of shipwreck.  No one could deny that.  In fact, it looked like a smashed-up, crumpled version of Clipper herself.  You could see the borer lens up front…it looked like a broken dinner plate.  And the rest of the ship—you could only call it a ship—was broken into a misshapen hulk.  Treads along her hull had mostly come untracked.  Her stern pod was stove in like a beer can.  The hull had been breached in several places, like some kind of flooding casualty, like--
“What the—” said Casey.
“It’s a ship…like us--? Diaz muttered.  “I don’t—”
“Hey, just keep it down, will you?” I warned everybody.  “Everybody stay cool.”  Even as I said it, I could feel my own heart jackhammering in my chest.  And my head was about to split in two.
Maybe I should pause here— unintelligible noises in the background—okay…that’s better.  Looks like we lost Uncle Two…Rey’s checking to see what happened but One’s still with us.  At this point, Alicia and Casey started arguing about our mission and I had to tell them to pipe down.  The mission parameters were simple enough to list…we all know ‘em by heart: land on Europa at Tara Regio and bore through the ice layer, penetrate subsurface ocean and conduct cruise science ops for ten Earth days, take samples, measure gross ocean properties, map currents, temperature profiles, chemical, salinity, brine…all that stuff.  Then we return safely to the surface.  Return to orbit and dock with Gateway before we transit through the Farpool.  Transmit all the raw data and experimental results on high-band to UNISPACE Gateway Station at Earth-Moon L2.  
That’s it.  It was after I had recited all that to Casey, Alicia and Rey for about the millionth time that Casey pointed out something on Uncle One’s vid.  I looked.  It was some kind of lettering along the side of the sunken ship’s hull.  When I realized what it said—it was partly obscured by some kind of barnacle-like growth—my blood ran cold and my heart skipped about ten beats.  
N-E-P-T-U-N-E.  Neptune.  The submersible I had nearly died in on the Ganymede Explorer mission back in ‘03.  
No way.  It couldn’t be—

Casey Winans Lifelogger File #41 (appended):
(Voice Note from Alicia here: “I had to really bargain with Casey to get this.  She didn’t want to give up any files…too personal, they’re not for publication, Doll—but I told her the mission report needed them…I guess her headaches were pretty bad at that point.  She was weak and I just took the pendant from around her neck.”).

We got Sonora—the Skipper—back to Berthing on C deck right after she collapsed.  Rey gave her something.  I don’t know what, but she was calmer after that.  I guess seeing something that looked like her old Neptune ship just made her snap.   Maybe I would have too.  I feel like some kind of bug has infected the whole crew.  We all have these terrible headaches and even Rey…rock-solid Rey…said he was having trouble concentrating.  Plus, we’re about out of amunofen and we don’t have anything else.  
I was trying to maneuver Uncle One inside one of the hull breeches in the side of that ship-thing out there when the lockout alarm light and siren came on.  That meant someone was trying to use the lockout chamber and airlock to exit Clipper.  Rey and Alicia and I were all on the command deck.  It had to be Sonora.
By the time Alicia and Rey got back to G deck, the lock had already been cycled and Sonora was already outside—against all protocol, against all procedure and common sense.
Alicia got on the comm circuit.  “Skipper…Commander…Miriam Sonora…get back in.  This violates P-1.  Nobody goes outside without all P steps taken and verified by another—”
Sonora’s voice was weak, but you could hear the determination.  We could see the shadow of her suit sliding across the deck porthole.  She was heading forward.  Toward that ship-thing.
“Gotta know…for sure—” her breath was ragged. Sounded like the beginning of convulsions. Probably her gas mixture was all wrong.  She hadn’t taken time to dial it in.  “Gotta see…I did everything I could—I can’t run from this anymore.“
Alicia practically screamed in her comm.  We all knew what she was talking about “Commander…Commander Sonora…listen to me.  Don’t leave Clipper…we don’t know what that is out there...let Uncle do the recon…Command—”
Okay, just slow down here.  For the record, I said we all knew what Sonora was up to…or we thought we did, great psychiatrists that we all are.  Back in ’03, there was this mission called Ganymede Explorer.  The idea was to land a ship on Ganymede’s ice surface and bore into the ice, just like us.  The submersible was Neptune, a sister to Clipper, from what I’ve been told.  One week in, Neptune suffered a catastrophic flooding casualty. Lots of onboard casualties…most of the crew, in fact.  She was able to make it back up to the borehole on the underside of the ice surface but then she sank.  They couldn’t hold buoyancy anymore.   Only Sonora and some electrician’s mate—I think it was Thielen—survived.  They crawled and scrambled their way up through the icehole and somehow made it back to the lander.
For this, the Service gave Sonora an Order of Merit.  Can you believe that? I mean the woman lost her ship, for God’s sake.  The mission was a failure.  And inquiry boards sprouted like mushrooms.
I suppose it didn’t help that I was on the crew of the Trident-Benthic mission that followed…successfully I might add.  The Benthic was able to complete the mission that had been assigned to Neptune.  And for this, I’m known as the Bitch-Goddess.  
See, Miriam Sonora is actually a Grade A sourpuss and she’s also consumed with jealousy at me for completing the original mission and just aches to find a way to get back at me.  That’s what this is all about.  I’m sure of it.  
“Somebody’s got to go out there and get the Skipper,” Alicia said, wringing her hands around the porthole.  “She’ll freeze out there.  She could die out there.”
About time, I didn’t say, but then I felt bad and did what was right.  I volunteered because I was the only other crewmember qualified in hypersuits.
Suit-up took an hour.  The hypersuits had been rigged out for deep diving in Europa’s sub-ice ocean.  All us jumpers had been respirocyte-treated; our bloodstreams were thick with nanobots shuttling boosted amounts of oxygen back and forth.  But the Europan ocean was cold and dense and we needed pressure and temperature protection, as well as personal propulsors.  So…hypersuits.
I entered the lockout chamber and cycled through.  
My first impression was cold, with a capital C.  Numbing, penetrating cold.  I switched on my suit lamps, saw only a fuzzy blur.   Too much sediment, too much something in the water.  I dialed down the light intensity, and kicked off under one-quarter propulsor, sounding ahead.  
I gently felt my way forward along Clipper’s underhull, until I came at last to the borer head.
“End of the line, here—“I remember muttering.  I checked my own sonar scan.  The Wreck was out there somewhere, giving off intermittent returns.  There was a fuzzy patch near the center of my scope.
That has to be Sonora.
“Alicia…SP, this is STO 1…can you move in just a little closer…put more light on the target?”
Wu obliged.  As soon as I was clear, the sub inched forward, cranking up her spot and floodlights, trying to bring as much illumination to bear on the target as possible.  The fog was getting worse.  And it did look like a smashed-up mirror-image of us…like Neptune, but I figured that was just the light and the ice dust playing tricks.
I found Sonora clambering all over the hull of the Wreck, trying to find a way in.
“Come on, Skipper…come on, Miriam…let’s get you back.  Your gas mix is all hosed.”  Inside her helmet, I could see her lips turning blue…somehow the respirocytes either weren’t working or they’d gone bad.  I had to get us back inside as fast as I could. And I wasn’t feeling so hot myself…I checked my own mixture, checked my respirocyte settings…looked okay, but I didn’t want to take any chances,
Sonora fought me for quite a while and the Commander is a physically strong woman.  But they don’t call me Iron Lips for nothing.   I’m a fitness junkie and I was finally able to wrestle the girl away from the Wreck and started up my propulsors, trying to keep the squirming, shaking mass close enough to me to keep us on course.  Clipper’s lights helped me to home in through the dark but it was what Sonora kept saying over my comms that made the hairs on the back of my neck stand up.
“I saw him, Casey…it was Tyler…inside that wreck.  His body, just floating right by…right by the porthole.  I’m telling you it was Tyler in there…we’ve got to go back…get in there.”
Sure it was.  And all the King’s horses and all the King’s men, not to mention Farpool Service psychs and some pretty advanced medicine, couldn‘t put Humpty Dumpty together again.
That’s when I saw something floating just aft of the Wreck that brought me up short.  It was the little rover from Hellas Basin…Oscar, we called him…the Promontory Plunge…five days buried in a landslide of dust and rock…God, I thought I’d put that memory behind me for good—

Reynaldo Diaz Lifelogger File #88 (appended):

Alicia and I argued for quite a while about what order to put these files in.  Even now, I’m not sure this sequence best captures the reality of what happened…what nearly happened.  
I was listening to Casey on Comm 1…she was describing the Wreck, what she could see of it, and the Commander’s condition, when she just sort of started trailing off…just gibberish, after that.  
Casey saw something.  Nobody doubts that.  Even Clipper’s sonar was already picking up multiple contacts.  But what she saw…ah, now that’s the key.
Somehow, some way, we coaxed her back into Clipper’s lockout and cycled the locks.  She and Sonora fell out onto the deck, shivering, shaking, flopping about.  I helped Alicia get their helmets off and, because I’m supposed to be the med guy on this mission, I made myself sound like a chief medical officer and ordered them both to bed.  I prescribed the rest of the amunofen and then decided to set up a bioweb in Berthing to isolate them from everything else.  I also made sure the web was flooded with oxygen and over-perfused with nitrogen to boot, to take care of any decompression problems.  
Once I was sure the two of them were stable, I told Alicia I needed to check and probably turn off everybody’s respirocytes.  “Something’s happened…maybe I can reset the buggers.  But I just have a suspicion….”
Alicia wasn’t so sure.  “That’s something the Captain should decide.”
“It can’t wait,” I told her.  My own headaches had gotten worse in the last few hours as well.  I didn’t tell her I was also starting to hallucinate a little…there were moments when I thought I was back on that HAVOC airship at Venus and I didn’t want to re-live that again.
Alicia went up to the command deck while I poked around in the galley med cabinets for the coupler, the device we use to communicate with the ‘cytes.  Eventually, I found it.  I knew I had some training on the thing but I also knew I was rusty, so I went through the manual for a few minutes, to familiarize myself with the critters.
Back at Gateway before the mission got underway, we all got respiratory boost—the respirocyte injections.    Normally that means alveolar pumping.  Mechs were inserted with a program to boost the efficiency and capacity of our oxygen-carbon dioxide exchange…the alveolar sacs.  When it’s done right, you get a sizeable increase in anaerobic range…and the stamina of a racehorse.  The docs said it would help us in our pressurized environment aboard Clipper and give us additional lung capacity if we had to leave the ship for any reason.  Nobody argued at the time.
With the coupler, you could use rf and acoustic signals, depending on mode, to talk to the bots.  They were like a little swarm buzzing around inside your chest; they weren’t supposed to be able to go anywhere else.
I got the coupler working and had every intention of sending the OFF command to the bots inside Commander Sonora and Casey, and later me and Alicia, Evgeni and Belket, but I saw something with the coupler that gave me pause.
I was getting unusual EM spikes from both of them, and from outside their pleural cavities, outside their chest.  The signals were intermittent, first there, then not there, but some signals seemed to be coming from their heads.  That shouldn’t be, I told myself.  I studied the returns, checked the manual, couldn’t find anything that said this was normal, so I sent the OFF signal to shut down respirocyte activity in both Casey and the Skipper.  I got the proper acknowledgement back, I thought, but the curious EM spikes from their heads continued for awhile.  I wondered about it and the barest hint of a suspicion began to nag at me. 

Miriam Sonora Lifelogger File #29 (appended):

After I felt semi-human again, I had Rey shut down the biowebs and Casey and I got up.  I sent the Bitch Goddess to E deck, where we keep our life support system controls.  
“Check everything: pumps, valves, seals, accumulators, reservoirs, the whole smash.  There may be something in the air, in life support, that’s giving us these headaches.  Something driving us crazy.”
She left, but I could see in her face that she thought I was the only crazy one aboard.  And maybe she was right.  I had violated about two dozen safety and procedure protocols by venturing outside Clipper.  I was going to have a hard time explaining it to the crew if I couldn’t explain it to myself.
Rey and I went to the galley to get something to eat.  And drink. 
Reynaldo Diaz is about as bald as a cue ball, with high cheeks, a big nose and the eyes of a five-year old at the county fair.  Some people call him a clown.  There is some resemblance, I’ll have to say.  He’s also the geek of all geeks and as serious as the plasma torch engines that got us to Europa in the first place.  He sniffed at his mug of tea and gave me that hangdog look.
“Skipper, you said you saw something…inside the Wreck.  Something moving, floating about.  Your words: ‘it looks like a body.’”
I had seen something.  For a moment, I thought----well, I toyed with the idea of scoffing at Rey’s notion but that look on his face told me it wouldn’t fly.  Rey’s like my old pet cocker spaniel Prissy.  She could sniff out a fib in an instant.
So, I shrugged.  I mumbled.  I prevaricated.  I sighed, took long sips of my coffee.  Finally, I said, “I did see something.  There seemed to be a sort of face on it…maybe it was the light. Or maybe ice.  Sediment.  Who knows?  But it reminded me of my son…Tyler.  I haven’t seen him in like…I don’t know…like forever?”
Gradually, unwillingly (I told myself) but because Rey is Rey and wouldn’t let it go, I spilled the whole story.  See, I always liked diving, especially wreck diving.  I met Kristen while we were both working in the trades.  Hewitt and Mitchell Industries.  She was an electrician.  I was a sort of journeyman carpenter.  My best friend at the time was Cory…Cory Haley.  The three of us pal’ed around quite a bit, from job to job.  Houston, Wichita, OK City, Tulsa, you name it.  Wherever there was work, we went.  But I also wanted to dive, had the bug, you know.  Like Prissy with an old rag.  
Anyway, we all wound up in Houston.  Cory and I applied for and became commercial divers for the oil industry…Neely-Jones, that was the company.  Worked deep rigs, pipes, that stuff.  Great work.  We loved it.  There’s nothing like being down five hundred feet, just you and the wellhead and some big fat tuna schooling by.  But that’s when Kristen became pregnant.  Totally unexpected.  And nobody knew…was it ours?  Was it Cory’s? We had tried insemination before, but gave it up.  Our great time turned sour and tense pretty quick.  We all argued.  We wouldn’t talk to each other.  Kristen got sick, had some complications.  
I was way weaker about all this than I thought.  Yeah, I could handle deep dives and helium mixtures and wrestling with two tons of wellhead pipe and stuck valves and barnacles and things.  But I couldn’t handle Kristen being pregnant.  I skipped out.  Ran out.   Went south, all the way to Brazil…Petrobras and the Espinoza Two rig, about a hundred miles east of Recife.  I wasn’t even thinking straight either, nearly died in an accident there back in ’01.  So, I kept running…sure, I’ll admit it…all the way to Farpool Service.
When I got word that Kristen had given birth to a boy—she named him Tyler—and I still didn’t know if it was ours or Cory’s or a lab screw-up, I signed up with the Service and joined a cycler crew…the Archimedes.  You know about them.  It’s like riding a big bus for years on end, looping around Earth, Mars and Venus.  Just trying to get away…from myself, I guess. As far away as I could.  I re-invented myself as an astronaut.  That’s what the psychs said, anyway.  
Eventually, I wound up on Ganymede Explorer, and the Neptune.  I was in command because I had all that diving experience and we were going under Ganymede’s ice, into that sub-surface ocean.  I don’t need to go into what happened with Neptune…but that’s what I saw out there.  Or thought I did.  When we came up to the Wreck, I saw Neptune…we all saw the lettering.  And then…the face.  And I swear on my mother’s grave—God rest her soul—that I’ve never in my life laid eyes on my boy…if he is mine.  So where did that face come from?

Reynaldo Diaz Lifelogger File #89 (appended):

The Skipper and I finished our drinks and our talk and she went up to the command station on B deck.  Me, I went to my berth compartment and dug out an old slate where I store articles and stuff I like to keep. I’d seen or remembered a study done at Mariner City several years ago, about how it might be possible for nanoscale bots to be inserted into a human brain, bots designed with certain detecting sensors.  If done right, this article speculated, the bots might be able to locate and sniff their way along certain trails of glutamate concentration in the brain.  According to the theory, if paths of equal glutamate concentration could be detected and followed, then it might be possible to trace the path of an actual memory engram, crudely of course, but the possibility was there, even if the technology wasn’t.  Like following the marker stripes of a highway.  And if an actual human memory engram could be detected and followed, maybe it could be reconstructed.  That could lead to all kinds of interesting possibilities.
My headaches had come back and I had already turned off my own respirocytes, or I thought I had.  I went rummaging through the med lockers for anything that might help.  We were now out of amunofen.  We didn’t have any real med scanners on board and I wasn’t trained in them anyway.  My head felt like it was in a vise and it was about to burst.  Somewhere outside the med lab, I must have collapsed and fallen unconscious.  
And the hallucinations came again…this time, I was back on the HAVOC ship, serenely plying the upper stratosphere of Venus, when that lightning bolt hit and all hell broke loose.  I tried to—

Casey Winans Lifelogger File #45 (appended):

When I saw the residue on the inside jamb of the airlock door, I was so startled, I nearly tripped backward over some loose conduit.  I steadied myself and gave myself a stern talking to: girl, you’re an engineer, you’ve got a Physics and Quantum Systems background, you’ve got mission responsibilities in propulsion and maneuvering systems, buoyancy control, life-support, airlock and escape systems, the fab/machine shop and systems maintenance.  You can figure this out.
It wasn’t quite dust.  And it wasn‘t quite something slimy, though it definitely was moving.  Maybe ice melting…ice residue.  Or sediment?  I blinked hard to shut off every image I was having of horror and sci-fi movie monsters…like the Blob, you remember...and concentrated on studying it for a moment, then getting some kind of sample.  Rey needed to see this.  He’s the bio-guy among us and we did have a mission objective of sampling anything alive and indigenous in Europa’s ocean, though nobody really thought there would be anything down here.  But, as Rey said, extremophile bacteria and organisms have a way of turning up where you least expect them. 
So, I got a scraping and stuck it in a small capsule, sealed it and headed up the gangway.  That’s when I found Rey on the gangway deck, flopping about like a flounder.
Between Miriam Sonora and me, we got Rey into our little sick bay and decided to set up a bioweb for good measure. That’s what protocol called for and at this point, I was for following the book to the letter on everything.  
While Rey was thrashing about and mumbling about getting up into the ascent capsule…go.go, go, the cabin’s breached, we’re descending fast!—oh, we got all of it recorded for later, we heard the Master Alarm sound throughout the ship again.
The skipper looked up—she was running some kind of diagnostic on Rey using the bio-web—I didn’t even know it had that capability—and swore.  
“I’d better see what this is about…Casey, keep the diagnostic going.  It may turn up something—” 
Sonora disappeared up the gangway and headed up to B deck, muttering something about Alicia and her nerves.  
I stayed with Rey and a few moments later, he came to.  His eyes were weak and runny and he tried to sit up but I said no and gave him something to drink.  
Then he sank back and gave me the particulars.  
“Casey, I was back on Venus.  October ’95. The HAVOC mission…High Altitude Venus Operational Cruise. Lightning had hit the gas bag and we were going down fast.  I was pushing, pulling, shoving and kicking to get everybody into the ascent vehicle…it was like cramming your family into a coat closet.  Two didn’t make it.  Three of us did.  It was—” He closed his eyes and I saw the sweat beading up on his face.
“Rey…Rey…take it easy.  Just lie there, here…sip some of this.”  I wasn’t trained for med, didn’t have a real clue if we had anything I could give him.  So, I gave him water and made him lie still.  He had his eyes closed but he was still mumbling something---I couldn’t make it out.  That’s when Alicia…Doll-Face…showed up at the door.  

Alicia Wu Lifelogger File #34:

I left Commander Sonora on B deck, and went aft to see about Rey…we were all worried about Rey.  Casey was there.  Normally, B-G and I don’t get along too well and we tend to avoid each other as much as you can in a ship the size of Clipper, but nothing happened.  We were too concerned about Rey.
“That thing…the Wreck… it changed, somehow.  Like it morphed,” I told them.  “One minute, it looked like a ship, like us, maybe like Neptune, if you listen to the Skipper.  Then it seemed to sort of shift…shadows and all…and it looked like—”
“Like what?” Casey asked.  
I shrugged.  “I don’t know…maybe like a balloon.  A deflated balloon.  There was some kind of lettering on the side…I couldn’t make anything out but the first letter.  I’d swear it was a kind of stylized ‘H’.” 
Rey clearly heard what I said and sat up abruptly.  “HAVOC…it has to be that.  I need to—”  He started to get up but Casey and I both pushed him firmly back into the bed.  His head hit the bioweb and the critters buzzed at him and that helped send him crashing back into the pillow.  “You don’t understand…I need to see—”
Casey wouldn’t hear of it.  “You need to stay right where you are.”
Now Rey seemed completely calm and lucid, though it only lasted for a minute.  “I think I know what it is…I was reading.  Some kind of bugs…not ours.  Our respirocytes…I turned them all off.  But I was still getting some kind of reading, some kind of EM spike from your head, Casey, and Captain Sonora too.  There’s something there…in all our heads…that’s reading our memory engrams somehow.  Making us re-live some of our memories.”
That’s when I remembered the capsule with the residue.
It took a few moments, but with Rey’s instructions, we got the quantum imager up and humming.  It’s sort of glorified microscope…don’t ask me how it works.  I stuck the capsule inside the scan platform and we tuned the thing to high resolution.  That’s when we first came face to face, sort of, with the Bugs.

Reynaldo Diaz Lifelogger File #89 (appended):

My head felt like grenade had gone off inside but somehow, I convinced Bitch Goddess and Doll-Face I could get up, so they turned off the bioweb.  The three of us studied the imager screen.  All of us had our mouths open.  
The first thing we couldn’t agree on was whether the damn things were alive.
“Is it some kind of virus?” asked Alicia. 
“Looks like a bot to me,” Casey said and I felt she was closer to the mark.  Plus, the scraping Casey had made had captured a whole swarm of the Bugs—as we had started to call them—there seemed to be thousands.  I increased the imager resolution to the max.  
“Look at them!” Casey marveled.  
The imager screen was at first murky, crowded with the spikes and cubes of dissolved molecules.  Lumpy, multi-lobed sodium molecules darted across our view like shadowy ping-pong balls.  I studied readouts from the imager…something was there, hidden in the data traces on the scope.  I fiddled with the gain on the imager, tweaking it, subtracting foreground clutter.
Something approximately sixty nanometers in one dimension, narrow with a globe structure at one end…and scores of probes, effectors, cilia, whatever.  Incredible mobility…triple propulsors beat an idling rhythm as we closed in….
Alicia let out a whoop.  "Will you look at that?"
I came closer, squinting at the vague, fuzzy outlines on the screen.  "I’d say they’re bots.  A whole colony of them.  A welcoming committee, it would appear.  Come to see what we're about."
Despite my lingering headaches, my fingers flew over the interface controls.  "We're about to check this joker out…" 
It was Alicia…she had a penchant for military history…who remembered a line from Sun Tzu….
He who is skilled hides in the most secret recesses of the earth.
Delicately as I could, I maneuvered among the jostling molecules of chlorine and sodium and potassium.  A huge kinked snakelike cluster of more molecules drifted by.  
Gradually, the shape and size of the Bug we were examining became clearer.  Bristling with effectors and arms, it looked like a miniature Apollo Lunar Module.  The head was a multi-lobed cluster of spheres and hexagons; inside the churning electron cloud dimmed out any detail.  
Below the head was a cylindrical sheath, covered with pyramidal facets and undulating beads of proteins - the thing's probes and effectors.  Casey was frankly awed at the sight.
"It’s an assembler, Rey…that’s one hell of a lot of gear for this little bastard," she said. 
"Maybe he's programmed to evolve somehow,” Alicia suggested.  She had positioned herself to study the image too.
"And to take control of its environment," Casey said.  "It might explain some things--"
"So many different kinds of effectors," I marveled.
Indeed, the horde of Bug assemblers were rigged out like battleships, with devices for every conceivable mechanical or chemical action.  A baseplate capped one end of the sheathed body.  The tail structure was dense thicket of fibers, each tipped with penetrator clusters.  The penetrators enabled the thing to attach to and enter any structure.
I brought the imager to a complete stop.  The hairs on the back of my neck bristled.  Something wasn't quite right, but I couldn't put my finger on it.  
"Alicia…what do you make of this?"
She was really just a geologist, a rockhead, but she often had good ideas.  Alicia was amazed at the images coming back.  "It's the basic assembler structures we've seen for decades, from the time of the original autonomous assemblers, the first ANADs.  But it's enhanced, somehow.  Changed or evolved.  I've never seen so many effectors.  Amazing.  That probe for instance--" she fingered a dark, indistinct structure to one side of the nearest device--"looks just like a saw.  And that--I believe I recognize…I'll be damned--"
I had seen that too.  "Sorting rotor?"
"That's what it looks like."  At her request, I fiddled some more with the resolution, managing to tweak the view even sharper.  Dim outlines became clearer.  "A segment of a sorting rotor.  Cam-driven with carbene grabbers and--" I squinted down at the imager, adjusted my glasses "--looks like--yep, diamondoid follower rods.  "Probably process upwards of several hundred thousand molecules per cycle."  I shook my head with grudging respect.  "Neat workmanship.  But I'd bet my aunt Emma's life savings that bugger's not indigenous to Europa.  Something like this couldn’t just appear here, could it?  Somebody would have had to leave it here, seed the ocean…or the ice, with these Bugs.”
“If they’re really assemblers,” Casey said, “they might be able to replicate things.  Structures.”
We all looked at each other.  
“You mean…like ships? Like rovers…balloons?”
“Like things that resemble bodies.”
That gave everybody a chill.  Nobody said what really needed to be said, for several minutes.  Finally, I had to say it.
“Guys, I think these Bugs might be inside us somehow…inside our heads. We’ve all had several days of bad headaches.  Maybe even working with the respirocytes….”
That’s when we all felt Clipper start moving again. 

Alicia Wu Lifelogger File #35:

When I realized the ship was underway again, I knew it could only mean one thing.  I headed up toward B deck, Casey and Rey right behind me.  Sure enough, the Captain was at the controls, maneuvering Clipper closer to the Wreck.  She had that look…and it was a look that scared all of us.
“Did you see this?” she asked.  “It was moving, breaking down…so I decided to move us in a little closer.  This is—”
“Captain—” I said.  I plopped my butt into the second seat.  I’m nominally Surface Pilot, but I can operate the ship if I have to.  “Captain…stop…don’t get any closer.  We’ve got to get away from this…it’s not what it seems,”
Sonora was all business.   “It just started morphing…first, it looks like Neptune, or like us.  Then it looked like an airship, then something else…it’s incredible.  What the hell is it?”
“We know what it is,” Casey said.  “Rey, tell him—”
So Rey told Sonora what we had found.  At first, the skipper stared at us in disbelief.  
“Casey found some residue,” Rey went on.  “We examined it…this stuff is made of bots.  Nanobots.”
“And we’re all infected,” I added.  “It’s everywhere around the ship.  Captain, it’s even inside us.”
Casey begged, “Captain Sonora, we have to get back to the surface, back through the ice.  We need to vent Clipper to vacuum, so we can get rid of these bugs.  Examine every surface.  Scour everything.  It’s the only way.”
I had known Miriam Sonora for about two years by this time.  I first met her when I was assigned to the mission.  Sure, I was second team.  I came in as a replacement for Heike Sjalmersson, the original SP.  Heike went and got herself injured skiing.  The Board like my glaciology and geology background and my China doll face, I guess.  In all the time I had known Miriam Sonora, I had never seen the look of determination, the look of grit on that face that she showed now.  Her face looked like a mask, frozen in time, as if it were a fossil set in stone…and I know a thing or two about stone.  That’s when I wondered if the bots in her head could somehow affect skin tone.  Or facial appearance.  Who, really, was now in control here?
Sonora went back to her controls.  “Guys, we’ve got a mission here.  You know that.  Remember the briefings…do I have quote Paragraph Number Four to you all again: search for biosignatures and investigate.  Sample if possible.”
“Skipper,” I practically blurted out.  “that’s true but not if it endangers the ship or the crew.  Casey’s right…we need to secure the ship first…before we do any more investigating.”
Sonora said nothing and I looked back, at Casey and Rey.  Ev and Belket had come up too, wondering what was going on.  We all knew the mission rules.  In the book, there’s a paragraph about who takes over when the Mission Commander is incapacitated.  I hadn’t read it in months, but I knew the gist: ‘When the Mission Commander is unable to perform his/her duties, responsibility for mission ops and ship and crew safety shall fall to the SP.’  The Surface Pilot.  That’s me.
I nodded to Rey and mimed with my fingers: go get the med kit…hypodermic.  Sedative S-1.  Quick, man…go now.
Rey blinked but he understood.  He vanished and came back about a minute later, cradling the needle in his palm.  He hovered behind the control deck for a moment, unsure of what was next.  I gave him the look.  Go on!  Do it!  He knew what to do and quickly, expertly jammed a capsule full of S-1 right into Sonora’s neck.  
The Captain jerked as if stung.  She twisted around as if to protest but already the compound was doing its job and her hands flapped and fluttered as she slumped in her seat.  
“Come on,” I ordered, assuming command though the Mission Rules weren’t always quite so clear about what happened next.  I worried how Casey would take this but she seemed consumed by the necessity of the moment.  Or maybe the bots in her head were acting up and she had suddenly become more pliable…for that, maybe I should give the damned Bugs thanks.  
I didn’t feel so hot myself but I told them to get Sonora aft and secure her on D deck.  There were some storage closets we could lock her into.  When that was done, we had a big pow-wow in the galley.
It was Casey who voiced our deepest concern.  “I’m still having…I guess you’d call them hallucinations.  I see things…in the gangway, in my berth space, everywhere…that I know can’t be real.  An hour ago, I was somehow back driving that rover Oscar across Hellas Basin and plunging right over the promontory into the dust…just like it happened this morning. Just like it always happens.  I could see and hear and talk just like before, like it was a script…played over and over again.  I can see the faces staring at me, accusing me, wishing I would just get in the airlock and open it and be done with it…” here, Casey shuddered.  “Makes me sick to think of it.”
“It is a script,” Rey said.  “A memory trace…probably being activated and strengthened by the Bugs in your head.  I’ll bet if you left Clipper and went outside, you’d bump right into that rover…somehow the Bugs in our heads are templating certain memories.”
“And communicating with their pals outside, in the water”” I added.  “How is that even possible?  Templating memories and replicating or fabricating things from that template.  That’s what spooked the Skipper.”
“It spooked me too,” Casey admitted.  
It was past time for me to do what SPs are supposed to do…be a pilot.  “I’m getting us out of here.  We’re going back to the borehole and going topside…all the way to the surface.  After that, we’ll vent the ship and try to make it back to Gateway.”
“What about us?” Rey asked.  “The Bugs inside us?”
I shrugged.  “Unless you’ve got an idea, we’ll have to hope Doc Wilks has something in his little black bag at Gateway.  For now, secure the ship.  And check on the Skipper.  We’re getting underway in five minutes.”

Casey Winans Lifelogger File #47 (appended):

When you drive off a cliff and plunge into about forty meters of dust and Martian regolith, and stay there for a week, your mind plays strange tricks on you.  As I was going about my duties cleaning up the ship for transit, I kept thinking about Alicia up there on the command deck, now running Clipper.  How well did I really know Doll-Face anyway?
I know she’s a stuck-up hardass, that’s what I know.  Most of us felt that Heike—our first SP—got a raw deal.  Sure, she was injured in that skiing accident, but with modern surgery, she would have been able to make the mission by launch date…our launch was set by orbital positions anyway.  We all thought the Service was just looking for some way to get an Asian crewmember on the team.
Alicia’s a perfectionist and we call her Doll-Face, even to her face, because her expression never changes: she looks like a porcelain figurine.  She’s tiny and doesn’t eat enough to fill a squirrel.  What’s her favorite dish?  Oh yeah…that Indonesian crap called kiyuva…some kind of guava-lime-mango thing that nobody else can stomach.
I knew Alicia was qualified to run Clipper and I knew she would get us out of here, away from the Wreck that had so spooked me.  As I went from deck to deck, compartment to compartment cleaning up the ship for transit back through our ice borehole, I was getting a little spooked myself.  It seemed like every closet or locker or hatch I opened, I saw a face…and they were all faces from the rover.  First, it was Jaime…his nose half torn off from the impact when we finally landed, on our sides, at the bottom of that dust pool.  I slammed the locker door on F deck and got the hell out of there as fast as I could.  Our power cells on that deck would just have to do the best they could without me. 
Then it was Ramses Shelton, our rover driver…poor Ramses, with a broken shoulder and cracked ribs, practically screaming his head off.  I found him in a utility closet on E deck…or maybe it was just a hallucination.  Or maybe it was the Bugs, replicating something from my brain.  I didn’t stick around to find out.   
Somehow, I wound up on D deck.  I heard a door rattling, some muffled voices.  After what I’d already encountered, I wasn’t too keen on finding out what that was.  Probably Commander Sonora, coming to after the sedative wore off.  Or maybe something else the Bugs had replicated.  In spite of myself, I came up to the closet door and listened more closely, dreading what I would find.  
It was Sonora, only she seemed to have the voice of Ramses Shelton.
“Thank God…Casey, is that you?…get me out of here.  We’ve got to get the ship in position for another dive….”
“Skipper, we’re trapped here, remember?  Forty meters of dust and regolith, remember?”
“What!  What the hell are you talking about?  Open this closet right now!  This is a mutiny…the Service’ll have your head if you don’t let me out.”  
When I thought about it later, I realized that Sonora was right.  We did have a mission to explore, measure and sample.  It was in our charter, written in all our Mission Rules.
And Doll-Face was right too.  The skipper had become a danger, to herself and to all of us.  If I let her out, she’d just drive us right back to the Wreck.  The Mission Rules were clear: nothing could be allowed to endanger the ship or her crew.  
We needed to get the hell out of there as fast as we could.  But we were still trapped.  Forty meters of dust and regolith.  She kept banging on that closet door, just like Jaime and Ramses and I kept banging on that rover hatch, hour after hour, day after day, hopelessly trapped.  
It was the Bugs that had done this.  They had scrambled our brains, fried our minds so we couldn’t tell what was real and what wasn’t.  
I unlocked the closet door.

Reynaldo Diaz Lifelogger File #91 (appended):

Okay, so maybe I wasn’t paying attention like I should have been.  I happened to be up on A deck, checking out the borer lens and the bots we use to carve our way through the ice, just checking, you understand.  Just making sure we didn’t have a containment breach.  Back in training, we ran this scenario a number of different ways.  The borer bots get out somehow, a stray cosmic ray hits one and it mutates into something nasty and starts eating the ship.  Nobody ever believed that could really happen.  It was something the simulator techs liked to throw at us just because they were sadistic sons of bitches.
Or not.  Maybe it was just me remembering what happened aboard Trident, when we lost power investigating those deep hydrothermal vents that became known as the Juneau Vents.  We were offshore of panhandle Alaska and it was close, but we made it to the surface without casualties.  
We all heard the lockout alarm.  It blared like a trumpet…wah, wah, wah, wah—all over the ship.  I scrambled into the gangway, colliding with Alicia coming out of B deck and we both hauled our asses back to G deck, where the airlock was.  Captain Sonora was already there, staring in horror at the lock, as it finished its cycle.  
Casey Winans—our STO1--had somehow grabbed a hypersuit and cycled herself through the lock.  She had gone outside, while Clipper was underway.  We were heading back to the borehole and were only a few hours away, according to Alicia’s last read of the sounder data.
Sonora was wringing her hands.  “I know what it’s like to be trapped!   You don’t know…you just can’t imagine--!”
“What the hell!” I yelled.  “Get her…we have to get her back--!”
I started to pull open the lock, but it was Alicia who grabbed my arm.  “Let her go, Rey.  She’s a dead girl, anyway.”
I looked at Alicia like she had just grown two heads.  “What!  What are you saying…we’ve got a person overboard.”
Alicia gripped my arm more firmly.  “We can’t help her now, Rey.  We’ve got to save the ship…and the rest of us.  We’ve got to make that borehole and get back to the surface, so we can get back to Gateway…and get treated.  You know that.  Now go back to A deck and make sure the borer’s ready to get us up through the ice.”
I glared at her and Sonora, incredulous.  Bitch Goddess and Doll-Face. Never had I felt the names were more appropriate.  But never let it be said that Reynaldo Diaz doesn’t follow orders.  I took a deep breath, peering out the nearest porthole.  Europa’s ocean was black as night.  I don’t know…maybe I had hoped to catch a glimpse of Casey, in her hypersuit, banging on the hatch to be let back in.  I wanted to be vindicated that way.  I had seen the Bugs close up in the imager scope.  I knew perfectly well what they were capable of.  But still I hoped.
I didn’t see anything.  I left G deck and went forward, now feeling sick to my stomach—

Alicia Wu Lifelogger File #38:

…That’s when all hell broke loose.  We had the sonar contact and couldn’t make any sense of it.  Rey Diaz slid into the second seat and manipulated narrow-band sonar for a better look.  “It’s in motion.  Looks like it’s maneuvering.  That can’t be…ice bergs don’t maneuver.  I think it’s a ship.”
“Another ship?  Down here…no way.”
“I don’t think it’s a berg,” Diaz said.  
Slowly, Clipper closed on her target, dead ahead.   The subsurface ocean below Europa’s ice surface was completely devoid of light, black as night.  But the returns from Clipper’s sonar indicated that the object was indeed maneuvering, matching every move Clipper made.  And steadily closing.
I saw Rey tugging at his lower lip, increasingly puzzled at what sonar was telling them.  “It’s too dense for ice.  It’s metal, or maybe composite.  And look at this little trace—” he fingered a fuzzy sidebar on the waterfall display.  “That looks like some kind of plant noises.”
“Plant noises?”  Sonora squinted at the trace.  “You mean like an engine?  Props?”
“More like water jets.”
Sonora thought for a moment.  “Who the hell is operating another ship down here?  Farpool Ops never said anything about another ship.  Try the low-freq channel.  See if they respond.”
Rey pinged the target with a low-frequency blast of sound, then typed out a text query, which ALBERT, the ship’s computer, impressed on the carrier wave….

UNIDENTIFIED SHIP…IDENTIFY YOURSELF

A split second after ALBERT’s query crossed the distance, a deafening burst of sound rocked Clipper, followed by a series of acoustic shock waves.  Intense, painful, ear-shattering waves of sound blasted out of the target and Clipper was soon battered to a full stop, knocked out of trim, careening over like a wounded whale.
Rey Diaz and Miriam Sonora—we all clung to our seats-- and Sonora and Rey tried to right the ship, while alarm klaxons cascaded throughout the hull.
“The planes!” Rey yelled over the reverberation.  “They’re jammed!”
Sonora had already seen that.  “Propulsors are offline too!  We’re sinking…feel it?”
Unintelligible background noises, with multiple alarms going off….

EBRS Main File 101 Ends….

Charley sank back in her seat, her stomach sick at what they had all just heard.  She looked up at Hamid, then around at the rest of the crew gathered in the crews’ mess.
“Bearing and range to your first contact, Nasr.”
Hamid checked his wristpad—WINSTON continually updated all wristpads and remote devices from the main panel.
“About three hundred kilometers, Captain. South by southwest.  Say, two six five degrees, still showing near Rhadamanthus Linea by the surface maps.  Can’t really determine depth; there are a lot of pressure ridges and calving bergs around there.”
 Evelyn M’bela was Trieste’s engineer.  Charley asked, “Ev, can we go to one hundred and five percent on the propulsors?”
M’bela winced.  “We can, Skipper.  But I don’t recommend it.”
Charley didn’t hesitate.  Clipper and her crew needed help…fast.  “Go to one oh five.  Flank speed to that contact.”  She got up.  “And keep me posted, every hour.  I’m going to my quarters for a little shut-eye.”
Charley Meyer left the crews’ mess without making any more eye contact.  Moments later, one by one, the rest of the crew dispersed.  A few stared up at the monitor, where the words EBRS Main File 101 Ends was frozen.  
No one heard it when M’bela muttered mostly to herself, “Those poor guys….”
Solnet Special Report: “Last Days of Europa Clipper?”

Correspondent Luci Byers reports from Farpool Headquarters at Muir City, on the developing tragedy of the exploration ship now believed lost in the sub-ice ocean of Europa. 
“Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.  I’m coming to you tonight from Farpool Service Headquarters at Muir City, where we’ll be interviewing the Service’s commanding officer, Jump Admiral Lucas Cash, about what we know of Europa Clipper’s status and the results of current rescue efforts.”
A short montage of segments and cutaways from UNISPACE Farside and UNISPACE Jupiter Station follows, showing desperate efforts to locate and rescue the crew of Clipper.  The launch of Trieste is shown, followed by maps of Europa’s mottled surface with arrows indicating where Trieste bored into the ice in search of the downed ship.
Finally, the camera view dissolves into the face of Byers as she is escorted into the office of Admiral Cash.  The Admiral is caught pacing back and forth before a large picture window, giving onto a view of Muir City and surrounding communities and sea towns at night, as though the ocean is alive with sparkle and glitter.  Aircabs, skimmers and hoppers whiz by the window in dizzying swarms, like fireflies. 
Cash ushers Byers to a seat before an expansive desk.  Right away, Byers notices numerous surface maps and photos of Europa spread out across the desk.
“General, to begin, I want to thank you for taking the time to be with our viewers tonight.  I know how busy you’ve been.”
Cash smiles a humorless smile, a bureaucratic smile obviously well-practiced.  “Of course, Miss Byers.  How can I help?”
“Well, for starters, I see you’ve got maps of Europa spread out on your desk.  Could you tell our viewers the status of the mission to rescue Europa Clipper and her crew?”
Cash’s lips tighten perceptibly but the smile stays waxed on.  “Certainly.”  He traces fingers along the map.  Byers orders her tiny entomopter drone to focus on his fingers. The bee-sized device hums and whirs as it relocates, earning an annoying glare from the Admiral.
“At 1250 hours our time on 28 February, Farpool rescue ship Trieste landed and bored through the ice at this point—” he taps at the southern end of Powys Regio.  “She’s been underway for a day or so now, probing and sounding for signs of Clipper.”
“Could you tell us what Trieste has found so far?”
Cash fixes his eyes on Byers.  “To this point, basically nothing.  I should add that--”
Byers interrupts.  “Admiral, there are persistent reports from some of our sources that Trieste has in fact had intermittent sonar contact with various sources.  Could you comment on these reports?”
Cash drums his fingers on the map.  “Actually, your sources are incorrect and misleading, Miss Byers.  Trieste has indeed made sonar contact…with chunks of ice and bergs drifting down from the surface.  Nothing definitive beyond that.”
To Byers, it was clear that Cash was being evasive.  “There are reports of another rescue mission being formed to help in the search.  Is there any truth to this?”
Cash shakes his head.  “We always have contingency plans for any Farpool mission like this.  At this time, nothing firm has been decided, pending what Trieste may find in her search.  Beyond that, I really can’t say.”
Okay, mister, I’ll try being more direct.  “I have seen reports, so far unverified, that Trieste herself has suffered some kind of breakdown.  Even that there may be something in the Europan ocean causing these casualties.  Care to comment?”
Cash demurs.  “Of course, we can’t comment on details of operations while they’re  ongoing.”
The interview continues in the vein of thrust and parry, with Lucas Cash determined to offer as little information as possible.
“Admiral, isn’t it true that time may be running out for Clipper?  Isn’t it true that we may have to accept that she’s down and may be gone?”
The Admiral’s face darkened.  “No.  Categorically not.  I can promise you and your viewers that search and rescue efforts will continue until we know something definitive.  Europa Clipper and similar ships are always provisioned for missions of several weeks, so there’s no concrete reason for undue alarm yet.  I must stress this point.  We’re in the early phases of this search so far.  We do not leave our people behind.”
“Does Farpool Service, or UNISPACE, believe that the Ponkti or some coalition involving the Sea People may be responsible for what’s happened to Clipper.”
Again, the pasted-on smile, like a skeleton’s rictus.  “No comment.”
Well, this is going nowhere fast, Byers decides.  “Admiral, I understand you have another briefing to attend.  Can you tell us what that’s about?”
“No comment.”
“Admiral, on behalf of all our Solnet viewers, I want to thank you for your time.”
Cash had already stood up.  “Of course, Miss Byers.  The Chief here will show you out.”
A Farpool Service chief sergeant suddenly appears to escort Byers out of the Admiral’s suite.  Her dronecam follows obediently, like a toy poodle, humming and whirring over their heads.

Solnet Special Report Ends

Luci Byers said goodbye to Admiral Cash and made sure the cambot had the video footage she needed.  
I’ll get with Edit later for special effects and anything else we need.  She was due to post the report on the Net by 1800 hours local time, assuming the Net was working.  That wasn’t a sure thing nowadays, what with all the glitches from malware, virus and bot infestations.  
She decided a drink could be accommodated, so she left Farpool Headquarters and went down a short ramp to the connecting tunnel that led to Poseidon Deck, where the Service’s hab spaces and galley were located.  Next to the galley was the canteen, all done up to resemble a South Seas beachside bar, complete with miniature palm trees, thatched roofs and a sign reading Fiji Island Lagoon.  
It was just noon by Muir City time but she had heard the robotenders made a mean Samoan daiquiri and she figured it would make decent background for the report she still had to file.
But just at the foot of the ramp, she encountered none other than CINCSPACE himself, General Hideki Komora.
Byers was startled.  So was CINCSPACE.
“General, I didn’t know you were here at the City.”
Komora was a wiry, dark-skinned Japanese native, with dataspecs that were forever flashing with vids and text blocks, so that he never seemed to be paying you any attention.  
“Miss Byers, likewise.  Sorry, but I’m in a bit of a hurry.  It’s a bit of a classified briefing trip.  If you’ll excuse me—“ he started up the ramp to Farpool Headquarters, but Byers had always been a resourceful correspondent—she hadn’t won an Emmy and a Selkie for sitting home popping chocolates—and she stepped directly into Komora’s path.
They collided and Byers took a spill off the side of the ramp, landing heavily on her side.
CINCSPACE reacted automatically, stopping to give her a hand up.
“I’m so sorry, Ms. Byers…I thought you were---here, let me help you—“
Byers let him take her left hand.  As she came upright, she let herself teeter into his chest, almost knocking them both off the ramp.
“General, it must be the ocean…still getting my sealegs, you know…I’m just so clumsy—“
And while Komora steadied her, she managed to plan a spybot right on the underside of his left uniform sleeve, just by grabbing his arm, which he had offered for support.
After a few more pleasantries, they parted company.  CINCSPACE went up the ramp to Farpool, to Jump Command offices, she presumed.  Byers resumed her trek to the canteen.
Of course, she knew perfectly well that what she had done was strictly illegal and could easily land in her prison or worse, if the bot were discovered.  And there was certainly a risk in landing the pea-sized bot on a target like Komora, who undoubtedly wore some kind of protective botshield when out in public.  High officials in UNIFORCE always did; it went with the job.
She ordered her drink and sipped thoughtfully at the rum, deciding to wait a few minutes before trying to link up with the bot she had planted.  She held her breath, hoping CINCSPACE’s own defensive shield, if he had one, didn’t go off but nothing happened, no guards came storming into the bar, and she gradually began to relax.
Girl, one of these days—she told herself, but secretly she was pleased with her own audacity and curious as to what the spybot might pick up.  I’ve probably broken about a hundred laws and regulations by slapping the gadget on the highest-ranking officer in UNISPACE, but what the hell…it was a competitive business and you had to do what you had to do for ratings.
Cautiously, she tapped a few buttons on her wristpad.  
When it settled down, she realized that the bot was relaying vid and audio from some kind of briefing.  Probably classified to the heavens, she thought.  She could just barely make out other faces and voices—the link wasn’t all that great.  She fiddled with the gain and managed to get a clearer audio, at least.  Sounds like Admiral Cash, is there.  And maybe the SpaceGuard director—what was his name?  Portland something or other.  It seemed to be a heated discussion…CINCSPACE was almost shouting at someone.  What the hell were they yapping about?
Byers selected the record option and decided to sever the link for the moment.  I need to finish this drink.  She wound up ordering another.
She went to her tiny hotel room on the other side of Poseidon Deck and squeezed in to what could only be described as a closet.  She locked the door, did some edit and graphics work on her report, and after an hour, decided she couldn’t wait any longer.  She re-established the link---interested to see that Komora was still inside Farpool’s Jump Command center, although no longer in conference.  It looked like the Watch Center itself, from what she could see: consoles and flashing screens and people scurrying about.  
She selected re-play, then listened and watched what the spybot had recorded over the previous two hours.  What she heard made her blood run cold.
It was all highly classified, SCI Red or higher, she figured and she knew perfectly well that was she was doing could get her into a hell of a lot of trouble.  But the more she listened, the more evident it became that Admiral Cash had not been entirely forthcoming with her…not particularly surprising, given the way Farpool Service usually worked.  
It was apparent from what the spybot had recorded that this mission to rescue Europa Clipper was in more trouble that she had been led to believe.  In fact, according to what she was hearing, Farpool had actually lost contact with the rescue ship Trieste for extended periods of time.  
Something was going on in the ocean of Europa, something that Farpool didn’t want anyone to know about. 
Byers made sure this also got into her Special Report filing.  She ran through the clip a few more times, checking continuity, adding some more effects, editing for time, then squirted her finished masterpiece off the satellite to Denver and sat back with a satisfied glow.
God, I could use another Somoan from the Fiji Island Lagoon.
But instead, she figured it would be even smarter to get the hell out of Farside before they threw her in jail.  She spent most of the rest of the evening trying to wrangle a ride back to the mainland, to Denver, where Solnet had its studios in the very shadow of the new American capital.  
If she was lucky, she’d be able to get some footage of the Trieste before it shoved off on its mission to Europa.
Chapter 6

Europa, the Ocean of Night
325 meters MIL (below Mean Ice Level) at Rhadamanthus Linea
March 1, 2210 (Earth Universal Time)
64.6 Kv (Epoch of Kel’vishtu)

Maggie Skort’Keenan glared at the waterfall display, now registering a strong sonar contact dead ahead.
“That’s got to be Clipper, Skipper.  The return’s about right and it’s getting stronger.  We could confirm it with a blast of narrowband,” she suggested.
Charley Meyer studied the return.  Maggie was probably right.  “Do it.”
A loud reverberating pulse from narrowband active sonar went out and came back almost immediately.
Nasr Hamid watched the contact’s position closely.  “I make her at about three hundred meters.  She seems to dead in the water…and sinking slowly.”
Charley ordered, “All stop.  Let’s hold right here and see if we can get comms going.  Power up YUKS.”
YUKS was the ship’s UXP underwater telephone, heterodyned to a high pitch for an acoustic signal.  Ship’s engineer Evelyn M’bela switched the system on.  A faint hum sounded through the command deck.  
Charley spoke into the mike…

E U-R-O-P-A  C-L-I-P-P-E-R…S-A-Y-S-T-A-T-U-S…S-T-O-P

A few moments paused was followed by a weak return…

I-D-Y-O-U-R-S-E-L-F  S-T-O-P

Charley told them it was Trieste, on a rescue mission.  Over several minutes, a laborious comm link was established, slowed down by the characteristics of the acoustic channel.

W-E-H-A-V-E-H-U-L-L-D-A-M-A-G-E-A-N-D-M-A-N-Y-L-E-A-K-S…S-T-E-E-R-I-N-G-A-N-D-P-R-O-P-S S-H-O-T…S-T-O-P

It soon became apparent that Clipper was completely dead in the water, with no way to rise or maneuver out of her predicament.  Worse, she was stern heavy and taking on water faster than her pumps could handle.
“We got to stop or slow down that sink rate,” Charley said, “before we can even attempt a rescue.  Ev, get the Snake ready.”
M’bela left the command deck and headed aft down the gangway to F deck, where the lockout compartment was located.  She unshackled the Snake from its small stowage pod on the outer hull—a stiff, extensible transfer tube—and prepped it for deployment.
Nasr Hamid had an idea.  “Captain, I could maneuver us underneath Clipper.  If I can situate us right, we should be able to blow our tanks and keep her from descending any further.”
Charley thought about that.  “How long before we bite into our reserve air margin, Nasr?  We’ve got to save enough to get up to the ice level ourselves.”
Hamid did some calculations.  “Maybe an hour.  Maybe forty to fifty minutes.”
Charley didn’t hesitate.  “Do it.  I’ll let Clipper know what we’re doing.”
While Hamid began gingerly guiding Trieste below and up to Clipper’s underbelly, Charley explained to the stricken ship what they were doing.

S-E-N-D-L-I-S-T-C-R-E-W-N-A-M-E-S…W-E-N-E-E-D-T-O-C-H-E-C-K

One by one, the crew of Europa Clipper came back, name by name.  Sonora, Diaz, Belket, Wu, Kotlas.  Charley was saddened to learn that Casey Winans had died making an unauthorized excursion outside the ship.  She was heartened by learning that Rey Diaz was aboard and alive.
She remembered her promise to Osvaldo and Anna Marie Diaz.
Got to get your ass home, boy, she told herself.
Just then, Hamid reported, “Skipper, there seems to be some kind of spurious signal around here.”
“Signal?  What kind of signal?”
Hamid shook his head, his fingers flying over his keyboard.  He studied his display, squinting, tuning for better resolution.  “I can’t quite capture it…very diffuse…I don’t recognize it.  Neither does WINSTON.  It almost seems to be coming from inside Trieste.”
Instantly, Charley’s suspicions were aroused.  “Gokel, the bastard.  Maggie, you and Nick go aft to Gokel’s compartment.  Zip that scum up completely in a MOBnet.  And knock him out too, will you?”
Nick Ng smiled, flexing a fist.  “With pleasure, Skipper.”  He and Sk’ort-Keenan left the command deck.
For the next few minutes, Hamid maneuvered Trieste carefully below Clipper, and when he was in position, began a slow ascent.  The ships bumped, grinding and lurching, but the contact held steady.
“In position, Skipper.”
“Okay, start the blow, Nasr.  Short blasts.”
Trieste began blowing her tanks and soon enough, the combination of her positive buoyancy and her propulsors, slowed, then stopped Clipper’s deadly descent.  
Hamid pumped a fist.  “We did it!  We stopped the sink rate.”
“Hold this position, Nasr.”  Charley called back to F deck.  “Ev, how’s the Snake coming?”
M’bela voice came back over the ship’s intercom circuit, the 1MC.  “Ready to deploy, Captain.  She’s unshackled and at position one.”
Charley didn’t hesitate.  “Commence deploy.”  Then she left the command deck and made her way aft to help M’bela.
Snake deploy took ten minutes.  When M’bela pronounced the tube steady, attached to Clipper’s hatch and fully rigidized, Charley swung the hatch open and crawled through the cramped tube to Clipper’s hatch, some ten meters away.  Fighting off a touch of claustrophobia, she rapped a wrench on the hatch.  It swung inward seconds later and she found herself staring into the sweat and grime-stained face of Miriam Sonora, Clipper’s captain.
Through the cake of dirt on her face, Sonora smiled broadly.
Charley grabbed her hands and clutched them tight.  “You’ve looked better.  Ready for the big dance?”
Sonora breathed and coughed raggedly.  “More than ready.”
“Okay, out you go…short steps, just pull yourself along.”
Faint currents and minor motions of both ships caused the Snake to flex and groan slightly, lending a strong sense of urgency to Sonora’s crawl.
One by one, the rest of Clipper’s crew scrambled through the tube and fell headfirst out of Trieste’s lockout and onto the deck.  M’bela, Charley and Maggie helped them up, cleaned them off a bit and escorted them forward to Trieste’s wardroom, now doubling as a sick bay.
Upon seeing Rey Diaz’s face, Charley broke into a broad grin.
“What a coincidence seeing you here,” Charley exclaimed in mock surprise.
They hugged without embarrassment.  “Glad you could make it, Charley.  What took you so long?”
“Oh, you know…sightseeing, side trips, the usual tourist stuff.  Let’s get you aboard.  I need to get a message off to Mars.”
Diaz nodded knowingly.  “My folks make life difficult for you?”
“After all the crying and sobbing…not really,” Charley lied.  “I think we’ve got some catching up to do.”
“Yeah, like about ten years.  Buy you a drink?”
“Sure, the nearest dive will do.”
They laughed and headed up the gangway.
Just entering B deck and making her way to the wardroom compartment, Charley heard Hamid’s voice over the intercom.
“Captain to the command deck…Captain to B deck at once!”
She headed up.  “What’s up, Nasr?  You ready to disengage now?”
Hamid shook his head.  The pilot was hunched over his sonar display.  “Sonar contact dead astern, Skipper.  Under three thousand meters.  I don’t recognize the signature, but WINSTON’s chewing on.  Could be another ship.”
“What? Another ship?  Down here…no way.”
  Charley slid into her seat and manipulated narrow-band sonar for a better look.  “It’s in motion.  Looks like it’s maneuvering.  That can’t be…ice bergs don’t maneuver.  Maybe it is a ship.”
“I don’t think it’s a berg,” Hamid said. 
“Okay, Clipper’s crew is all aboard.  Disconnect the Snake.  Let’s get out of here.  I’m not hanging around to meet up with these characters.” 
A staccato series of clunks and scrapes followed, as the transfer tube disconnected.
“Clipper’s away.  She’s sinking fast.  I think I hear some bulkheads collapsing too.”
Just then, YUKS chirped.  The pursuing ship was signaling them over the acoustic channel….

T-R-I-E-S-T-E-S-T-O-P-W-H-E-R-E-Y-O-U-A-R-E-O-R-W-E-W-I-L-L-O-P-E-N-F-I-R-E

Charley clenched a fist.  “Keep going, Nasr.  Somehow they know who we are.”
Hamid seethed.  “We can probably thank Gokel for that.  Captain, Clipper’s making an awful racket below us.”
They could both hear the tortured scream of metal rending, more bulkheads collapsing. 
That gave Charley an idea.  An idea she had definitely not learned at jolt school tactical class.  
“Nasr, put us on the other side of Clipper.  Slight down angle too.  Maybe we can hide in all that debris and racket and confuse their active sonar.”
Slowly, Trieste closed on her target, descending in a turbulent vortex directly below them.  She’ll be making crush depth in no time, Charley realized.   The subsurface ocean below Europa’s ice surface was completely devoid of light, black as night.  But the returns from Trieste’s sonar indicated that the object behind them was indeed maneuvering, matching every move they made.  And steadily closing.
Hamid tugged at his lower lip, increasingly puzzled at what sonar was telling them.  “It’s too dense for ice.  It’s metal, or maybe composite.  And look at this little trace—” he fingered a fuzzy sidebar on the waterfall display.  “That looks like some kind of plant noises.”
“Plant noises?”  Charley squinted at the trace.  “You mean like an engine?  Props?”
“More like water jets.”
Charley thought for a moment.  “Who the hell is operating another ship down here?  Farpool Intel never said anything about another ship.  Try the low-freq channel.  See if they respond.”
Hamid pinged their target with a low-frequency blast of sound, then typed out a text query, which WINSTON, the ship’s computer, impressed on the carrier wave….

UNIDENTIFIED SHIP…IDENTIFY YOURSELF

A split second after WINSTON’s query crossed the distance, a deafening burst of sound rocked Trieste, followed by a series of acoustic shock waves.  Intense, painful, ear-shattering waves of sound blasted them from astern and Trieste was soon battered to a full stop, knocked out of trim, careening over like a wounded whale.
Nasr Hamid and Charley Meyer clung to their seats and tried to right the ship, while alarm klaxons cascaded throughout the hull.
“The planes!” Hamid yelled over the reverberation.  “They’re jammed!”
Charley had already seen that.  “Propulsors are offline too!  We’re sinking…feel it?”
“I’m counterflooding!” Hamid said.  His fingers flew over his panel as he brought in tons of icy water to settle Trieste.  The trick seemed to work and a few moments’ blast from their reserve air tanks stopped the sinking.
Charley studied the tactical sonar.  Clipper was descending in a maelstrom of debris and a fierce burbling racket below them.  The enemy ship was steadily closing from behind.
“They’re not the only ones with an acoustic pulser,” Charley grimaced.  “Nasr, bring us around.  Line up the pulser for a bow shot.  We’ll slam ‘em with our sound blasts.”
Moments later, the pilot announced, “Pulser on line, Skipper.  I make the distance at under two thousand meters.”
“Commence firing.”
Trieste let fly a barrage of sound blasts, slamming the water with deadly shock waves.  The shock front traveled the intervening distance in two seconds and a hammered the enemy ship like a fist, shaking her to her very bulkheads.
“They’re holding off!” Hamid announced.  “No longer closing.”
“I believe we got their attention.”  Charley was about to order Hamid to start maximum blow, so they could ascend to the ice level as fast as possible.
But another sonic barrage deafened them and sent Trieste rolling hard to starboard, shattering her rudder and propulsor nozzles with successive concussions of powerful sound waves.
A brief skirmish ensued, a battle of sonic weapons and sound blasts, shock waves and sudden maneuvers between the ships, as they maneuvered and engaged hundreds of meters deep in the Europan Ocean, the Ocean of Night.
Then Hamid saw something on his sonar plot that made the hairs on the back of his neck stand up.
“Sharp transients close aboard, Captain.  Water entry of small objects…now high-speed jets dead astern.”
“It’s a torpedo!” Charley realized.  The bastards!
“Torpedo has acquired and is homing,” Hamid said.  They could both hear the distant whine of the torpedo’s jets, growing louder every second.
Charley saw a speckling of sonar returns on Hamid’s plot.  “What’s all that crap on the plot?”
“Drift ice,” he replied.  “It’s all over the place.  A few big bergs too, like that one.”  He tapped a finger on one particularly large return.
Charley had another insane idea.  Old Man Jellicoe’s going to rise from the dead if he learns about this, she muttered.  Their jolt school tactical instructor had schooled Charley intensely for weeks on proper maneuvers and tactics for all kinds of jumpship engagements…but nothing like this.
“Head for that berg!”
Hamid turned around, glared at Charley like she had two heads.  “Captain…Skipper, I don’t think—”
“Just do it!  And increase to flank speed.  I’ll tell you when to turn.”
Hamid blinked, swallowed audibly and said, “Aye, Captain.”
The ship lurched forward as more acoustic blasts rattled them, the shock waves shuddering Trieste from bow to stern.
“Berg dead ahead and closing awfully fast,” Hamid announced.  “Turn now, Captain?”
“Not yet.  Give me the count.”
Hamid punched up the target counter.  “Ten seconds to torpedo impact.  Twelve seconds to the berg…we really should be—”
“Max propulsor!” Charley shouted.  As Trieste lurched again, her hull plates rattled and vibrated.  Charley closed her eyes, silently mouthing and counting down the seconds.
“The turn, Captain—”
Charley finished her silent count and then blurted out, “Reverse stop, all propulsors!  Right full rudder!  Blow negative!  Blow everything!  Make a knuckle in the water!”
  Charley and Hamid both hung on to their seats as Trieste heeled sharply to starboard.  At that same moment, the torpedo impacted the iceberg right behind them.  
A terrific blast and concussion rocked the ship, twisting her out of her turn, and rolling her nearly on her side.  Almost falling out of his seat, Hamid glanced up at this board to see they had nearly pegged the inclinometer to its red mark.
Climbing back to his seat, Hamid began frantically fighting the boat, trying to regain some kind of stability.  He strapped himself into his seat, as the ship lurched yet again, and his fingers flew over the keyboard.
“Counterflood…counterflood, damn it!” he muttered to himself.  “Come on, come on—“
Hamid managed to open valves on several ballast tanks, overriding all safeties and inhibits, letting tons of seawater in to trim out Trieste and level her out.  A quick glance at the board told him all he needed to know.
They were listing slightly to starboard, with a ten-degree up angle on the planes, sinking tail first through four hundred meters and their rate of descent was picking up.  Trieste was stern heavy and had lost almost all forward way.  The torpedo explosion has wrecked her aft steering and propulsor nozzles.  Hamid ran the throttles on her powerplant to full, trying to counter the tail drag with as much forward speed as he could but it was a losing battle.  Trieste’s waterlogged stern was dragging her down by the tail faster than her engines could move her forward.  She was losing speed and sinking, crabbing her way through the water.
Got to counterflood and get her stern up, Hamid told himself.  His fingers flew over the controls.  If he couldn’t stop their descent and soon, Trieste would rapidly descend below crush depth.  Below a thousand meters, her hull would crumple like a wad of paper and all aboard would perish in a particularly gruesome way.
“I hope to God the aft compartments are secure,” he muttered.  He checked the panel to his right.  Indicators showed all hatches had been shut and secured.
It was time to open the emergency air flasks.  Emergency blow and pray to God they had enough air to put Trieste back up at the ice level.  
Then it would be a race to see if she could bore her way back up through the ice before her air ran out and she slid back down to the depths again.  
Their unknown target wasn’t making things any easier.  Every few seconds, another burst of acoustic shock waves pounded Trieste’s hull.  Charley and Hamid both noticed the other ship had now started backing away, and turning about.  But they couldn’t worry about that now.  
“Time to get the borer started again,” Charley said.  She summoned Nick Ng to the command deck and together, they went through the start sequence.  
Charley then shoved Ng forward through the hatch to A deck, where the borer controls and contained borer bots were located, clinging precariously to a stanchion as she launched herself into the other seat.  
She and Hamid both looked at each other and took deep breaths.
“Do it” she ordered.
When the emergency air flasks were open full, air at several hundred psi would begin screaming into all Trieste’s ballast tanks.  
Hamid swallowed hard and pressed the buttons to start the blow.
A blast of high-pressure air shrieked into G deck.
Almost unseen at that very moment, YUKS erupted into action, with another message from their assailant.

-Y-O-U-A-R-E-D-A-M-A-G-E-D…H-O-L-D-P-O-S-I-T-I-O-N…W-E-W-I-L-L-T-O-W-Y-O-U…S-U-R-R-E-N-D-E-R-A-N-D-P-R-E-P-A-R-E-T-O-B-E-B-O-A-R-D-E-D…Y-O-U-H-A-V-E-O-N-E-H-O-U-R

Charley looked over at Hamid with disgust. 
Hamid voiced what they were both thinking.  “Like hell.”
But Charley knew their situation was desperate.  Their mission had been to find and rescue Clipper and her crew.  Trieste had done that but now they were dead in the water and in a desperate situation.  
She sucked in a breath and clenched her teeth.  “Nasr, we’re easy pickings right now.  Even if we could get off a few blasts—”
Hamid slammed a fist on his console.  “We’ve got reserve air.  We’ve got a workable acoustic pulser…we can’t just give up.”
“I’ve got a responsibility to my crew…and to the Clipper crew.  We need to talk this out.” She held up a hand to stop Hamid’s next protest.  On the ship’s intercom, she reluctantly made an announcement:
“All hands, assemble in the wardroom…now.  On the double.”
Glum faces, questioning eyes and muttered curses showed up and crowded into the tiny compartment.  The wardroom was so small that some crew members had to hang back in the gangway.
Charley began.  “You all know the situation.  The enemy’s told us to surrender and prepare to be boarded.  They didn’t say what would happen if we don’t…I guess we can all imagine what might happen.  It’s my decision but everyone here gets a say.”
Hamid was firm.  “I say fight.”
Alicia Wu, from Clipper, said, “With what?  Your propulsors are offline.  You’ve got jammed planes.”
Hamid scowled.  “They can be fixed.  We’ve got lots of reserve air.  The borer works.  The rudder works.  We can print or fab what we need.”
Evelyn M’bela was doubtful.  “Ham, that takes time.  I don’t think our friends out there will give us time.”
“If we give up, there’s no guarantee what they’ll do to us,” said Rey Diaz.  “Is there even room on their ship for us?”
“Or are they just going to drop us one by one out the airlock?” added Maggie.
“You’ve still got lots of charge left in your pulsers,” Evgeni Kotlas, from Clipper, pointed out. 
Discussions continued for many minutes, often heated, often impassioned.  Some were for surrender and some adamantly opposed.  Charley wasn’t surprised that the Farpool Service people were for fighting; it was what they were trained to do.
Charley checked the time.  The hour was almost gone.  “We have to make a decision now.  Time’s just about up.”  Eleven faces turned to look at her.
Charley wet her lips, smoothed down an armfin.  “I’m the mission commander.  I’ve got a duty to look after my ship and crew—” she nodded toward Miriam Sonora, “and our rescues here.  We’ve already completed our assigned mission.  If we fight, we may blow it all.  My decision is that we surrender—for now—” she emphasized, seeing looks of disgust around the room—“and live to fight another day.  These bozos out there are almost certainly Ponkti.  Don’t ask me how they got here or what they’re doing.  But if we follow this course, there’s just a chance we can find our way out of this and get some valuable intel back to Farpool in the process.  So…that’s it.”
Nobody said a word for a few seconds.  Then, Hamid muttered, “If we get out of this—”
Maggie had had quite enough of Nasr Hamid.  “That’s enough, Ham.  Captain’s made her decision.  We carry out orders and don’t ask questions…got it?”
Charley’s eyes met Maggie’s fiery glare and silently said thank you.  Then she scribbled a few words on a napkin and handed it to M’bela.  “Send this.  Use YUKS.”
M’bela accompanied her to the command deck and sat at the comm panel, typing out the words Charley had given her….

T-R-I-E-S-T-E-A-C-C-E-P-T-S…S-E-N-D-B-O-A-R-D-I-N-G

After the message had been sent, they waited with mounting apprehension.
It was Maggie who noted on her sonar console that small objects had left the enemy ship and were making their way across the intervening distance.
“The boarding party,” realized Charley.  “Nasr, go aft and help with the lockout.”  
Still sour-faced, Hamid obeyed and disappeared down the gangway.
Half an hour later, the first of their assailants had been cycled through the airlock.
They were Ponkti, all clad in mobilitor suits, all heavily armed with suppressors and gear that Hamid couldn’t identify.  Standing awkwardly on deck, all nearly three meters in height, the detail made a formidable force.  Hamid asked the commander to identify himself.
The leader was a Ponkti male named Hakto.  He spoke haltingly in a scratchy voice through an echopod.
“Shhkkreah…kkkrrqqhh…gather small groups—” Hakto waved his arms, indicating the crew were to assemble in groups of three to four.
Bit by bit, with hoarse and rasping commands issued through their echopods, the Ponkti boarders made their commands clear.  There were eleven crew members among the Trieste and Clipper crew.  One, Gokel, was soon released from his MOBnet restraints and escorted aft to the lockout.  After a guttural exchange of Ponkti, Gokel was shoved through the lockout and disappeared out into the icy cold waters of the Europan ocean, accusing eyes from the crew following him every step of the way. 
Hamid’s eyebrows went up and he looked at Charley.  Their eyes met.
Special favors for our little traitor, huh?
Charley nodded, keeping her eyes on Hakto at all times, eyeing his suppressor and judging his weight and height, wondering.  She thought about making a quick move to push one of the Ponkti into the airlock and slamming the hatch.  But the moment passed and she silently cursed herself for having such a dumb idea and then failing to act on it.
As the crews were dispersed throughout the ship, each group shut and locked into a berth space or some other compartment, Charley found herself crammed in with M’bela, Sonora and Diaz in one of the cabins.  Hakto had been their escort.
Still stung by Hamid’s accusations, Charley sucked up some courage and blurted out, “Why are you here?  What do you Ponkti want with Europa?”
At first, Hakto ignored her, as he fiddled awkwardly with the compartment door and latch.
Charley kept up.  “You know this is a treaty violation.  Europa—all Jupiter’s moons—are common territory.  Anyone has a right to—”
Hakto then replied with an echopod screech that didn’t get translated.  He tuned his pod, and words came out more smoothly, with a slight stutter.
“Ponkti are petfish on Seome.  Omt’orish treat…kkqqllffhhh…like tillet…pack animals with no say…here, far seas belong we…no more slave…no more ahh kept…airbreather say freaks, is yes?”
Charley thought she detected some sense of grievance in Hakto’s words.  “Nobody treats Ponkti like pets…or slaves, anymore.”
Hakto huffed and screeched, more untranslatable words pouring out of his echopod as so much angry gibberish.  He waved a mobilitor limb at her, nearly toppling over.  Charley realized that the Ponkti were aliens in the air environment of Trieste.  The sea was their home, even the seas of Europa.
“Sshhhkkreah…you are Omt’orish…I hear qqkkllqq…words—”
Charley figured her own accent gave away her Omtorish beginnings.  She decided not to hide it.
“These seas—this world—has room for all of us.  We can cooperate.  Not like Urku—Earth—but really work together.  Explore and develop this world.”
But Hakto had heard enough.  He slammed the hatch shut and angrily latched it.
Charley sank back onto the bunk, sitting next to Miriam Sonora, former commander of Clipper.
Sonora was rubbing her eyes vigorously.  “Well, that went well.  Hey, there’s something I need to tell you.”
Charley pulled up her knees and rested her chin on them.  “You’ve got a plan for getting us out of here?”
Sonora smiled wanly.  “Not yet.  I’m working on it.  No, you need to know this.  Reynaldo, back me up…there’s something in the water around here.  I didn’t get a chance to tell you about Casey Winans, our Science Officer…what actually happened to her.”
For the next few minutes, Sonora and Diaz related what had happened aboard Clipper.  The headaches, the hallucinations, the berserk bots.  Charley closed her eyes as she listened to Sonora’s account.
Rey Diaz added, “Our first theory was that some kind of radiation had mutated our borer bots.  But we figured that was wrong.”
Sonora completed his thought.  “No, it’s something in the seas here.  Some kind of loose bots, configuration I’ve never seen before.  Nobody’s seen it before.”
M’bela said, “Maybe that’s why the Ponkti are here.  Investigating these weird bots.”
Charley admitted the idea had merit.  “Could be.  We’d need a sample to prove your theory.  Something to take back to Farpool.  I haven’t heard of anything like this from Intel.”
At that moment, the entire ship lurched and shook with a strong vibrating shudder.  It was clear they were moving again.  Peering out the compartment’s single porthole, Diaz said, “They’ve just attached some kind of towline.  I see it.”
“We’re underway,” M’bela said.  “Feel it?”
They were silent for awhile, as Trieste picked up speed and settled down to a slow, bobbing trip through the Ocean of Night.
“Wonder where they’re taking us?” Sonora nudged Diaz aside to see out the porthole for herself.  “Nothing visible out here.”
“Maybe back to the ice level, back to the surface,” Charley said. 
“I guess we’ll find out soon enough.” 
They debated the possibilities, then all fell silent, as Trieste’s gentle rocking motion lulled each of them into a dozing, fitful sleep.  Charley and Sonora occupied most of the bunk space, with Diaz and M’bela each sacked out in a corner of the compartment.
The journey took nearly eight hours.

It was the light flooding in through the porthole, unexpectedly strong light, that awakened Rey Diaz.  He blinked, rubbed his eyes, crawled between Charley and Miriam Sonora’s entwined legs to peer out through the porthole.
The Ocean of Night was black no more.  
“Hey…hey, guys…wake up.  Something’s happening.”
The rest of them stirred, then took turns taking in the incredible scene unfolding outside, barely visible through murky water and drifting ice.
“We’re at the ice level,” Charley realized.  “Looks like the underside of some big ice raft.  Where’s that light coming from?”
Diaz had already scoped out the scene.  “There are huge lamps all around this berg.  Why light up the ass-end of an iceberg?”
M’bela had nosed up to the porthole too, her face millimeters away from Diaz.  She saw the ‘blisters’ first.
“What are those?” she pointed out.
Diaz squinted, while Trieste was lurching around them and scraping and bumping up against something.  “They aren’t blisters.  They’re artificial structures, almost like domes or habitats.  I see two others some distance away…and some kind of tube or floatway snaking off into the distance.  There may be more.”
“Let me see,” Charley said.  She strained to make out the structures.  “It’s some kind of base.   Attached or situated right into the underside of this ice raft.  Why have the Ponkti created a base below the ice?”
“That layout looks familiar, doesn’t it?” Sonora said.  “The Ponkti have created an analog of their city Ponkel’te, right here on Europa.  Or maybe it’s like Site Alpha that Intel was telling us about…where they keep their little m’jeete critters.”
A feeling of dread came over Charley.  “I think I know what they’re up to—”
But her words were cut short by the sound of the hatch coming open.  Outside, two Ponkti in mobilitor suits stood in the gangway.  One squeezed in.  His words, coming out of his echopod, were firm and quite clear.
“I am Tek’to ko kel: Ponk’et.  In the name of the Honorable and Most Affectionate Metah, Orkuleema kim, I take possession of this ship and all its contents.”
Tekto was taller than the other Ponkti.  His mobilitor was festooned with all manner of gear.  Charley slid off the bunk and introduced herself.
“Jump Captain Charley Meyer, Farpool Service.  Two one eight five Teko eight three.  Commanding jumpship Trieste…which you have illegally boarded and seized.  I demand an explanation.”
  Tek’to leered down at her, from his nearly three meters height.  “You are Amphib, I see.  You find the seas here agreeable?”
“I haven’t gone outside,” Charley answered.  “What’s the meaning of this?  I demand to speak with our people.  Farpool has a station in Jupiter orbit…Gateway.  We need to speak with them.”
Tek’to said, “I too command…welcome to Pomt’or.  There will be a vish’tu…a roam, you say hearing, no?  Come—”
With no further discussion, the four of them were ushered out of the compartment and herded like tillet into the gangway.  Other groups were being assembled behind them.  Charley saw Maggie Sk’ort-Keenan and Clipper’s navigator Belket right behind them.  They exchanged furtive glances but said nothing.  Their Ponkti guards pushed and shoved them aft toward G deck and the lockout.  
Soon enough, they found themselves inside a small chamber on the other side of the lockout, now inside this strange Ponkti base.
Charley saw a line of guards studying them from a short distance away.  Some were Amphib, but most wore mobilitor suits and stood awkwardly in the humid air of the compartment.  At one end stood Gokel kim himself, Trieste’s erstwhile RSO.  
Charley glared back at him.  Right beside her, Nick Ng swore under this breath.  “Special treats for the traitor, huh, Captain?  Ponkti pet,” he swore.
Charley seethed.  “I see it.  Just keep your head screwed on, Nick.  Now’s not the time.”
Single-file, the prisoners were escorted through several more chambers to a larger compartment, this one furnished with a pool and free-flood space.  Gratefully, the mobilitor-clad Ponkti dived into the pool one after the other and disappeared.  
Only Tek’to and Gokel remained, with a single Ponkti Amphib that Charley didn’t recognize between them.  The Ponkti Amphib had solid hold of a suppressor, aimed right at them.  
“You will travel to the Notwater pod, then rest and eat,” Tek’to announced.  “After this, we roam in vish’tu and you will hear our demands.”
With that, Charley noticed a short train of small egg-shaped pods had appeared behind them.  The Ponkti guards roughly ushered them into the pods.  Each one held three people in a cramped compartment, with faintly translucent walls.  When all were aboard, the pods, connected by cable, lifted off the floor on their own and headed for an opening in the wall.  The opening was covered with a tight membrane.
The pod train shoved its way through the membrane and then the pods were traveling through a flooded tunnel, “it’s a floatway,” said Belket, one of the Clipper crew members.  Just barely visible through the translucent walls, powerful lights illuminated the outlines of the Pomt’or base, four domes clinging like barnacles to the underside of the huge ice raft.  Lighted floatways connected all four domes.
The pod train traveled for half an hour, entering and exiting several domes as it made its way to somewhere Charley couldn’t see.
“There must be tons of sea pressure against these floatways,” marveled Miriam Somora.  
“The domes, too,” noted Charley.  “It looks like most of them are open to the sea.  The Ponkti here are truly living and surviving in the Ocean of Night.”
“They’re nuts,” decided Nasr Hamid.  
The pod train came at last to the fourth dome and cruised out of its attached floatway into a larger space, still flooded but well-lit with lamps and some kind of circulating glowfish, lending a surreal atmosphere to their surroundings.
The train descended to a structure on the floor, a mushroom-shaped pedestal that seemed to be growing right out of the floor.  Through the murky water and the macabre reflections, it resembled a huge hand, palm open, fingers splayed out.
“The Notwater pod,” Charley said.  “I think we’re here.”
The pod train settled easily into the ‘palm’ of the hand and stopped.  
The pod was deftly placed in the center of the “palm”.  Charley saw the fingers of the hand slowly began to close.  
Evelyn M’bela’s eyes grew wide.  “Look—“  she shifted aside so others could see.  “The fingers are retracting, like a big fist closing.”
Charley watched as their little pod was completely enveloped in the bigger pod.  The view became dark outside the porthole and the little pod rocked slightly.
“Is it eating us?” M’bela asked.
But before Charley could answer, a scratchy, guttural voice came through an echopod inside their little pod.  Everyone listened.
…open pod hatch…you are in Notwater pod…
Cautiously, Charley did as instructed, cycling the hatch grip.  She pushed up and some water gushed in.  But there was air…breathable air…stale, with the burned smell she had come to associate with this base, but nonetheless air….
Grateful, she squeezed up and out.  Then she helped M’bela out of the pod and they stood shivering and drenched together in the palm of the great hand, standing on some kind of soft, tissue-like floor inside the Notwater pod.  
That’s when M’bela realized the fingers that had closed around them were translucent.  She could barely make out lights outside.  And eyes.  Armfins and flukes, dozens, scores of them.  
They had an audience, staring in at them.
“It’s like a zoo cage,” she muttered.  Or an aquarium.
“And a damn near perfect prison,” Charley added.  “Water all around us…at this depth, the pressure must be enormous.”
“No way out,” Sonora concluded glumly.  She sat on the edge of the pod hatch and rested her chin in her hands.
“Hey, look!” cried Hamid.  He pointed to a familiar face barely visible on the other side of one finger.
It was Gokel.
“Our very own traitor friend.”
“Get lost, dirtbag!”
Gokel drifted down and produced something in a small sac.  He pressed it against the translucent finger.  Charley and Sonora both watched in amazement as the finger contorted and twisted around its axis, revolving and carrying the sac inside their enclosure.  Almost no water squeezed through.  
The sac was dropped at their feet.  The scratchy voice came again from inside their pod.
…is called tong’pod…crack legs…eat tissue….
“Sort of like a crab,” Charley decided.  She sat down next to Hamid and the others—they had formed a ragged circle around the ‘palm’-- and set to work.  The meat inside the tong’pod legs turned out to be sweet tasting…and slightly narcotic.  Soon enough, Hamid pitched over and fell asleep, curled up like a baby.
Charley fought sleep for as long as she could, but she could hold out no longer.  She lay back and passed into a deep, dreamless slumber.  

Two domes away, inside a free-flood structure the Ponkti called T’kel, Tek’to studied the sonar console before him, looking over the back of his operator, a midling named Klekko.  
“What is it?” Tek’to asked.
Klekko ran flippers over several controls, honked and barked at one sound-powered instrument, to gain resolution.  The display sharpened its focus, sending and receiving narrowband acoustic pulses from a distant target well below them.
“I don’t know,” Klekko admitted.  “Sonar alarm sounded a few minutes ago.  It’s pulsing like a diffuse structure, very deep…perhaps a thousand beats below us.  It’s rising.”
“Rising?  What bearing?”
Klekko whistled and chirped at the instrument, reading off the numbers.  “Six beats seven one…coming right for us.  Whatever it is, it’s very deep.  And quite large.”
Tek’to circled the control chamber anxiously.  What could this be?  Were the m’jeete here in greater numbers than expected?  Had one of the hydrothermal ‘chimneys’ broken loose, now rising toward the ice?  What was this?
“I’m dispatching our ship Puklek’tik to take a closer look.”  Tek’to gave the orders and a few minutes later, the Ponkti ship undocked from her berth at Ork’nt dome and backed out.  She turned about and began a slow, careful descent toward the rising object, pulsing her own sonar to measure its speed and approach.  Her mission was to investigate and establish what they were dealing with.  Tek’to comforted himself with the knowledge that Puklek’tik was well armed; her acoustic weapon had already disabled two airbreather ships in a manner of several weeks.
But he had a gnawing suspicion that this was no ordinary ship.  
In any case, Tek’to knew it was time to begin the interrogations.  He would start with that insolent Omtorish Amphib Charley Meyer.

Tek’to floated just outside the Notwater pod while guards screeched at the airbreathers to wake up.
Charley stirred groggily and sat up, feeling how soft and spongy the tissue floor was.  With a start, she realized she had somehow wound up nearly face to face with one of the translucent fingers of the wall.
Ponkti faces stared back at her.
Several Ponkti gestured at her to get up.  Charley complied, then heard a guttural voice coming through the wall, muffled but discernible.
“Tukmaster Tek’to will roam in vish’tu with you.  Approach the wall now—”
Charley hesitated, glancing back at Sonora and Hamid.  Nasr shook his head vigorously and started to get up.
“Captain, don’t—you don’t know what they might do—”
But Charley decided to comply.  If I get out of this, Intel will have one hell of a haul.  She approached the wall cautiously and, following more gestures, lay her back firmly against the scaly skin of the finger.
She was momentarily startled when it started to move.  Easy, girl, take it easy…they know what they’re doing...I hope.  She tried to relax and let the finger revolve and slowly, extrude her through the gap between fingers.
She braved herself for what happened next.
The full pressure of the Ocean of Night slammed her in the face and stung like a million knives.  Instinctively, Charley shrank back—my God, it’s so freakin’ cold—and the pressure squeezed and smothered her like a heavy blanket of ice.
Tek’to and two suppressor-equipped guards, roughly pulled her out of the clutches of the finger and positioned her alongside Tek’to, who seemed amused.
The Ponkti commander pulsed her intimately.  
“You are frightened.  And soft.  Too much time in Urku seas, I believe.  We Ponkti are hardened to this.  Come, we go vish’tu.  Movement and exertion will help.”
Prodded by the accompanying guards, Charley tried to move her arms and legs, which felt like moving dead weights.  The water burned her gills, it was brassy and painfully cold—not surprising since they were just below the ice level.
But Tek’to proved right.  After a few strokes and a few searing gulps of ice-flecked water, her gills and lungs seemed to adjust.  Her limbs loosened.  She stroked alongside Tek’to more and more easily with each pull.  Tek’to was clearly a strong swimmer, effortlessly moving through the Europan ocean with barely discernible effort.
Charley wasn’t sure of the protocol for Ponkti vish’tu, especially in such a strange unforgiving environment, so she remained silent, content just to keep up.  There was nowhere she could go anyway, surrounded as she was by a squad of burly prodsmen.
For his part, Tek’to remained quiet as well, preferring to let the scenery speak for itself.
The Ponkti base, called Pomt’or, after a current in the Ponkel Sea on old Seome, was in fact attached to the underside of a huge ice raft.  Clinging to the ice like sea moss and starkly illuminated by lights and swarms of specially-bred glowfish, the base seemed more like a cancerous growth than a structure built by intelligent beings.
There were four domes that looked like blisters on the ice, each connected by lighted floatways open to the sea.  Clearly, the transfer pods they had rode to their prison had traveled these floatways.
Beyond the domes, beyond the sphere of light highlighting the base, the ice plunged deeper into the dark all around them, filled with shadowy crevices and ravines, burrows and niches, fissures and seams.  Charley pulsed ahead and detected movement among the crevices, and with a start realized, there were swarms and schools of something living moving among the burrows.
Filled with curiosity, she decided to break protocol and address Tek’to directly.
“There’s life here.  I pulse it moving ahead.”
  Tek’to acknowledged her question.  “Kah, not life as you imagine it.  More like our m’jeete.  Sentient, this is true.  But not living.”
“You mean, like machines.  Like bots.”
“These are your words.  For many mah, we have cultivated such things we call m’jeete, near Ponkel’te…a lab we call Site Alpha…on Urku.  These are similar to our contained swarms of m’jeete.  We are studying them.  We don’t think they originated here.”
“Not from here?” Charley considered that.  For years, Farpool Service Intelligence had monitored the Ponkti lab they called Site Alpha.  It was well known that the Ponkti had cultivated and contained swarms of unusual bot-like devices, not alive, yet not inanimate either.  
“Then where do they come from?  How do they survive?”
Tek’to bent their course to the left and they soon found themselves entering a forest of chimney-like structures, immense conical columns rising up out of the deep, tapering narrower and twisting into fantastic shapes as they rose.   The vish’tu entered the forest and cruised from one chimney to another.  Charley realized the waters were warmer in the vicinity of the columns, as if great heat were being transported up from the depths.
Tek’to answered Charley’s question before she could even ask it.  “These columns are vent chimneys, if I understand your words correctly.  Hydrothermal vents extend from the seafloor, discharging minerals into the waters.”
Charley marveled at the size of the columns—chimneys—many of them meters in diameter.  “How deep do they go?”
“We believe the vents are at the seafloor.  Thousands of beats below us.”
Charley stroked to keep up, earning a few pokes and nudges from the trailing prodsman.  She did some mental arithmetic.  “They must be hundreds of kilometers tall.”
“This is true.  We believe plumes of heated water with minerals rise hundreds of your kilometers from the vents and become twisted, as you see, by the low gravity and Coriolis forces of this world.”
“Like the ‘Lost City’ of hydrothermal vents in the Atlantic.  You know of these?”
“We do,” Tek’to replied.  
Charley remembered where she was, and why she was here.  “Why are you showing me this?  This is a fantastic discovery…the vent chimneys, the local m’jeete.  The Ponkti have no right to keep this to themselves.” 
Now Tek’to’s voice hardened.  He circled one chimney and brought the vish’tu to a complete halt, scant meters from the chimney.  Water shimmered in the heat of the column.  Black smoke issued from seams and cracks in its surface.
“For ten thousand mah, first on Seome, now in the seas of Urku, Ponkti have been treated like animals, like tillet or pal’penk.  By order of the Affectionate Metah Orkuleema kim, we seek  new seas.  Virgin waters, where we can live and grow and develop, unhindered by Omtorish, Orketish, Sk’ort, airbreathers, anyone.  Europa is for the Ponkti.  The Metah has decreed that these waters be reserved for the Ponkti.  There must be no intruders.”
Charley argued, “But you’ve made fantastic discoveries here.  They should be shared.  We should explore and develop this world together.”
“No,” Tek’to was firm.  He began vish’tu again, this timed stroking with visible anger and determination, slapping the water as he pulled.  “These are Ponkti waters.  This world and others like it beyond this one.  We can’t give up our ancient dream…to be masters of our seas.  Only here can we—”
Tek’to stopped in mid-sentence, for one of the prodsman had signaled.
“Tukmaster, the repeaters are talking.  They’re loud…very urgent…there is a problem.”
Tek’to stopped abruptly.  The vish’tu had just exited the forest of chimneys into open water.  The faint glow of Pomt’or base was visible ahead.  
“What’s the problem, Krok?  What do the repeaters say?”
The prodsman seemed reluctant.  “A ship…they say Puklek’tik…she is down.  No contact.  No response.”
Tek’to was suddenly very concerned.  Charley could pulse the anxiety bubbling in his gut.  “Puklek’tik…down.  What’s happened?”
Krok said, “The repeaters don’t say.  But there is more.  The m’jeete mass we detected before…the big one that is so deep.  It rises still.  It nears Pomt’or now.”
Tek’to thought quickly.  “Tell Quk to power up the acoustic weapons.  We must get back as quickly as possible…we knew this might happen.”
“At once, tukmaster,” The prodsman retreated a safe distance and sang out Tek’to’s reply.  The vish’tu started up again, stroking as fast as possible, heading for the dim glow of the base.
Charley found it hard to keep up.  A cold knot of fear had settled in her stomach and she didn’t worry about how it pulsed to anyone else.
The crews of Clipper and Trieste were still imprisoned at Pomt’or.  
She didn’t know what was coming at them from the deep water of the Ocean of Night.  But whatever it was, Charley Meyer knew that right now, the Ponkti and their acoustic weapons were their only defense.
Chapter 7

Europa, the Ocean of Night
Pomt’or, the Ponkti base
Longitude 202 by Latitude 22 North
March 5, 2210 (Earth Universal Time)
66.2 Kv (Epoch of Kel’vishtu)

By the time the vish’tu had returned to the base, the station crew was in chaos.  At Tek’to’s orders, Charley was returned to the Notwater pod prison and spent several minutes explaining what had happened and where she had been.  
She shivered, as she sucked on juice from a gisu pod.  “It was cold…beyond words cold.  My skin felt like it was being stabbed by a million knives.”
“What did you see?” Rey Diaz asked, squatting next to her.  “Did you see how this base is laid out…did you see ways we could get out of here?”
Charley shook her head.  “They don’t call this the Ocean of Night for nothing.  I pulsed some things and saw the base—kind of shadowy—it’s four domes attached to the underside of this iceberg, all connected by floatways.  Somehow, the Ponkti are able to survive in this ocean, cold as it is.  Most of the domes are open and free-flood.”
“Anything that might help us escape?” Miriam Sonora repeated Rey’s question.  Other faces had gathered around and there were murmurs of assent to the inquiry.
Charley shrugged.  “Not really.  There is one rather amazing phenomenon I did see.  The seabed is maybe several hundred kilometers below us.  And there are smokers, hydrothermal vents, rising up from the seabed, just like Earth.  Only these vents have columns that look like chimneys, made of minerals that precipitate out and get twisted into fantastic shapes by the low gravity and rotation effects.”  Charley finished off her gisu. “But I don’t see how that helps us.”
Nasr Hamid was determined.  “We can get out of here.  We’ll just have to jump Gokel or one of the guards.”
“And do what?” Evelyn M’bela asked.  “Just beyond those crazy finger-walls is the sea.  Full pressure, cold as ice, all free-flood like Charley said.  Humans like me wouldn’t last two minutes in that.”
Charley was thoughtful.  “We just have to convince Tek’to to release us.  Convince him we can help…with whatever they’re doing here.  Ponkti will listen to reason.”
“Yeah,” said Hamid, “when it suits them.  Why are they here anyway?”
Nobody had an answer for that.

The base control and operations center was in T’kel dome, separate from where the Trieste and Clipper crews were being held.   Surrounded by bubble columns to keep out drifting ice but otherwise exposed to the Europan sea, the ops center was in an uproar over what sonar had just detected.
“Any word from the ship?” Tek’to asked.
Several technicians floated before a massive sound control board, honking and barking commands at the soundheads.  The lead technician was named Riket.  He oversaw three others running station systems and trying to focus sensors on the massive formation rising from the deep.
“Nothing, tukmaster,” Riket replied.  “As you ordered, when the formation was detected, we dispatched Puklek’tik to investigate.  They were approaching the formation when all of a sudden, the signal stopped.  Contact was lost.”  Riket turned to face Tek’to, not bothering to hide the anxious fears now roiling his gut.  No one cared about maintaining shoo’kel at a time like this.
“Can you still detect her?”
Riket seemed puzzled.  “After contact was lost, we couldn’t.  There were no echoes from Puklek’tik, at least none we recognized.  Then, Quk here noticed an echo from hundreds of beats away.  That return matched Puk’lek’tik’s signature.  But we couldn’t explain how the ship could wind up so far away, so far off course, so fast.”
Tek’to darted about the ops center nervously.  “We know the m’jeete down there have unusual abilities.  Maybe they’re fooling our sonar.”
“We’ve been studying them for some time now,” Riket said.  “They’ve never shown us anything like this.”
“That’s why the Metah’s given us orders to study and research these creatures…or devices…or whatever they are.  So, we learn what they’re capable of, what they can teach us.”  Tek’to showed some doubt about the wisdom of that, but orders were orders.  “The Metah…and the Academy…want to learn how to control these m’jeete.  Maybe, if they’re intelligent, we can make alliance…the m’jeete of Europa and the Ponkti, working together.  The airbreathers would have no answer for that.  Then the Ponkti can expand further, to other ocean worlds.  Leave the garbage waters of Urku for the airbreathers and their friends.”
Riket understood.  “And we call them m’jeete because—”
“Because, when we first encountered them on Urku—on Earth—they reminded us of the mah’jeet blooms of Seome.  Tiny organisms and yet capable of vast and deadly swarms.  We learned a lot about them from working with the Chinku at their Site Alpha lab.”
Riket turned back to his board, barking out more adjustments to the sonar pulses.  “Shall I bring the weapons on line, tukmaster?”
“Power them up.  I don’t want that formation getting too close to the base.  We may have to warn them to keep their distance.”
Riket had an idea.  “Tukmaster, you mentioned the Chinku.  They call themselves Chinese, no?  Didn’t the Academy make echopods of our experiments with the Chinku at Site Alpha.  I seem to remember old Likteek—”
Tek’to stopped his circling abruptly.  “Of course!  Likteek…the Academy thinker superior—he did make echopod records of the experiments.  We may have these in our archive.  Quk, go fetch these pods.  See if you can find them and bring them here.  We need to listen to the stories, find a way of engaging with the m’jeete.”
Quk left his post.  “At once, tukmaster.”  The technician darted out of the Ops center and stroked his way across the open waters all the way to Orkn’t dome.  He had to swerve to avoid chunks of ice; clearly the bubble curtains that provided a barrier to the outside waters was breaking down.
A few minutes later, Quk returned with a flipper full of echopods.  At Tek’to’s direction, the first one was activated.  The Ops crew leaned in to listen to old Likteek and his stories….

Station Alpha was sited on the edge of a small underwater promontory near the Reed Banks, a few hundred kilometers west of the Philippine Island of Luzon, at a depth of a hundred and fifty meters.
Run jointly by the Chinese navy and Farpool Service, the compound resembled a massive starfish nestled in the brow of a shallow ridge that overlooked steeply descending terraces to the south west.  Containment Site Alpha, where the specimens of Bugs were hopefully well secured behind multiple nanobotic barriers and shields sat alone in a narrow ravine at the end of the terraces some three kilometers away, connected to the Station by thick ganglia of pipes and cables.
Beyond the containment site, the seabed sloped away precipitously to the Angeles Basin, bottoming out at four thousand meters below them.
Mahjanga expertly drove the lifter sub to a sub dock alongside what he referred to as Gongying fangzei.  “The supply house here,” he explained.  “Dry and wet stores, supplies, all kinds of gear and equipment.”
The three of them disembarked through pressure hatches and were immediately greeted by the Station Commander, a Peoples Liberation Army-Navy captain named Liu Kaichong.
Liu was small of stature, with thick gray-black hair and a rather wide flare of a nose.  
“Welcome to Station Alpha, gentlemen.  Admiral Sumbowa told me of your mission.  Very courageous of you in this Operation Temporal Hammer.  I’m sure we can help prepare you for the trip.”
Liu introduced several others, including Dr. Fei Gaiju of the Beijing Institute of Nanobotics and Dr. Qing Yumen, Peoples Temporal Forces.
Likteek noticed immediately that among the assembled crowd, there were no other Amphibs, despite Farpool Service’s stated policy of always employing Amphibs in undersea installations.
Now’s not the time to make trouble, he told himself.  These things take time.
After a quick light meal in the Station’s galley in a pod called Diaoyu Wu, the Fish House, Liu offered an observation.  
“Admiral Sumbowa has explained some of the details of your mission.  Perhaps the best way I can help you is to demonstrate the latest tactical maneuvers Dr. Fei has developed to counter the m’jeete.  Our own tiny warriors—“he smiled, calling them Xiao zhanshi—“have shown themselves quite capable of giving a good account of themselves.”
“We need the most effective weapons and tactics we can get against the Bugs,” Likteek admitted.  “If you have new techniques and new designs for your nanobots, I’d like to see them.”  
Liu was already wiping his lips and rising from the table.  “Come…we’ll ride out to the Site in our little submersible Gang dan.  We call her the Egg.”
The Chinese sub did indeed look like an egg, with a small propulsor module at its rear and four articulating tele-robotic arms attached to its sides.  Barely big enough for a four-person crew, the Egg motored off from the sub dock with Dr. Qing driving and Dr. Fei handling the arms.  Likteek was the only other passenger.
The three kilometers to the containment site, known as Site Alpha, were mostly downhill, following the steeply pitched terraces that sloped away from Station Alpha.  A blue-white glow was visible at the foot of the terraces.  As Qing steered them closer, Likteek could both see a blue-white spherical globe of light below them and feel the faint tug of the vortexes that surrounded the site, the result said Fei, of “our protective shielding…we’ve managed to contain the m’jeete inside a cocoon of our own bots for years now.  However, the little warriors are constantly evolving, constantly reconfiguring and adapting and so we have to keep up.  It’s a constant battle.”
“You must have decades of data on their configs,” said Likteek.  “We need to look at all these changes and study them…so we’ll know what the bots are capable of.”
“And so you shall,” Fei said, with a sideways glance at Qing.  The Peoples Temporal Forces scientist was impassive, saying nothing, but his fingers whitened on the joystick as he drove the Egg closer.
At the lowest terrace level, Containment Site Alpha was enveloped in swarms of schooling pollock and grubby, frantically orbiting the light from the barrier bots.  A flickering blue-white bubble of light pulsed in some kind of regular rhythm, attracting thousands of nearby fish.  
Qing drove the Egg closer and Fei worked one of the remote arms.  She expertly plucked a small capsule from the forward bench just outside their portholes.
“Our own little warriors,” she explained.  “Modified from recent ANAD designs, Thinker,” she told Likteek.  
The Ponkti Amphib was mesmerized by the swirling bubble of light.  “In Ponkel’te, we study and train for a variety of different tactics in dealing with swarms of m’jeete.  Deception and concealment, feints, diversions, ambushes and entrapment, we’ve tried everything.  You’ve got to have the right weapons and the right tactics to beat Bugs like these.  It’s a balancing act.”
“The capsule at the end of the arm contains bots with our latest configs.  We’ve had pretty good success in engaging them.  Here, I’ll show you—”
Fei tapped some keys on a nearby keyboard.  “I’m de-tuning the barrier, just long enough to insert our little army.”
Indeed, the blue-white bubble dimmed slightly just as Fei drove the arm forward, right through the barrier.  It flashed around the penetration, but didn’t kick the arm back out, as full-strength barrier bots might have.
Then Fei said, “Launching now—I’ll cycle the discharge port and release our bots.  Then I’ll ‘go small,’ as you atomgrabbers put it, and bring up the acoustic image here.”  She indicated a small display with her elbow.  “Here goes—”
Likteek watched the display, which flickered into life as Fei withdrew the remote arm and the light bubble brightened again, back to full strength.  For the time being, she parked the arm in a safe position, folded up against the side of the Egg.
Now inside the barrier, Fei toggled her config driver and set it to max rate.  In seconds, a growing squad of replicants had appeared, like bees swarming to nectar, and were slamming atoms like frantic brick masons, quickly adding to the crowd.  She felt better and better as the party grew.
That’s when she first saw the enemy.
Long-range scan wasn’t that helpful.  Likteek could tell from the acoustics that the enemy bots were arrayed as inverted pyramids, joined at their apexes.  A ring of effectors and propulsors wrapped around the equator of the bots, like a girdle with a dozen arms and hands.  Atom groups hung off the main structure like bunches of grapes, cleaving, folding, extending and retracting at blazing speed.
The m’jeete swarm had filtered out from some distant hiding place like a malevolent fog and was already turning in her direction.  Likteek realized that one titanic collision was about to occur.  
The final distance was closed in less than five minutes.  Fei drove her bots into the fight with bond disrupters sizzling.
Fei Gaiju and the wunderkind at Beijing Lab had spent many a sleepless night devising new weapons and effectors to try out with their Xiao zhanshi.  They’d even called in some atomgrabbers from Quantum Corps to work with the Lab on tactics.  Fei was still getting used to working in this new environment of atoms and molecules, “still learning how to swim,” was how she had put it.  Now they were giving her torpedoes and spear guns and all kinds of doodads to carry while she was still trying to figure out which arm to use. 
Fighting bots in the land of atoms was all about leverage.  Kind of like ballroom dancing, with fists, she had once remarked to Qing.  
The first bot came up and Fei gave it a taste of her bond disrupters.  The electron discharge snapped off a few effectors and sent the thing spinning off into the distance.  But no sooner had she done that than a squadron of them fell on her and she found herself engulfed in no time.
Fei had learned a thing or two about effector tactics in the weeks since her last encounter with the bad bots.  The secret was to keep your propulsors churning, keeping driving forward, keep your energy up.  If she did that, she found she could slip out of almost any grapple and brain a bot with whatever effector was free.  She particularly liked her carbene grabbers and she had developed a dance step that Tsukota had termed the kiss and clobber…she’d let herself be grappled, momentarily shut off her propulsors and almost relax.  When the bad guy had retracted and moved in for the kill, she did a quick left-right spin, fired up her propulsors and slashed right across the bot’s mid-section—where most of them had fewer effectors—knocking the bejeezus out of the thing and pulling free to pinch and slash some more.
It worked every time.  Fei had in the meantime gone to max replication, at Qing’s suggestion, and the melee was underway.  All up and down the battle front, like a collision of bird flocks, the swarms engaged…twisting, slashing, grabbing, zapping.  Slowly, using her new maneuvers, Fei was able to push back and contain the enemy swarms.
“It’s working, Qing!” she exulted.  “It’s working!  The m’jeete are getting smacked and spanked like you wouldn’t believe!”
Qing, focused on keeping the Egg in hover, was distant but reassuring.  “I believe it …I believe it…I told you it would work.  Just keep after them…I’m reading mass fluctuations at the margins…that means your guys are holding their own.  Try your enzymatic knife when you get in close.”
So, she did.  Everything she tried worked.  Maybe the enemy bots were slow.  Maybe their configs were all wrong.  Whatever it was, Fei Gaiju found she was winning a battle she’d never dreamed she would have to fight.  This wasn’t half bad, this living like an atom.  You had to watch your momentum and things stuck to each other like glue.  Van der Waals and Brownian motions were a bitch, but it was the same for the enemy.  
Leverage and momentum, that was the key.
Inside of half an hour, the battle seemed to be won.  The fog that had drifted over the battle lines seemed to be lifting as the last few bots were swept up.  Somehow, with a little luck and lot of smack, she’d been able to disperse the enemy bots and quarantine and isolate any stragglers.  
Exultant, she withdrew the bot master, then gave the signal for all replicants to commit atomic seppuku, so the m’jeete wouldn’t be able to reconstitute using them.  Once the master was back inside the capsule, she withdrew the arm and the barrier was in place again, an iridescent globe throbbing and beating to some inner rhythm.
Qing turned the Egg about and headed back up the terraced slopes to Station Alpha.
Likteek thought about what he had seen.  “I’ll need all your configs and all your tactical reports from previous engagements.  It’s an old axiom that the best way to fight a swarm is with another swarm.  However, a few extra weapons never hurt.”
“Don’t worry,” Fei said.  “I’d take a big stick if it worked.”
The Egg maneuvered into sub dock and the crew disembarked….

Tek’to studied the faces of the others.  “We must find out what happened to Puklek’tik.”
Riket said, “While the pod was playing, tukmaster, our sonar began picking up a debris field several hundred beats below us.”
“Ice?”
“Uncertain,” Riket tuned his instrument.  “The signature more or less matches ship materials.  It could be Puklek’tik.”
“Send out a team.  We have to be sure.”
“That could be dangerous, tukmaster.”
Tek’to didn’t want his orders questioned.  He gave Riket a sharp tail slap.  “Do what I say!  It’s just as dangerous if we don’t know what happened.”
“At once, tukmaster.  At once—”
A small detail of prodsmen was assembled and given the task of departing Pomt’or and determining the nature of the debris field, which was unfortunately close to the outer edges of the m’jeete formation.  
The lead swimmer was a rugged veteran of many engagements with other kels and with airbreathers back on Earth.  His name was Murkot.  He commanded a team of three, all armed with prods, stunners and noxious scentbulbs. 
The dive team descended beyond the base’s bubble curtains, beyond the lights into total black, darting left and right to avoid crashing into shards and chunks of drift ice.  Following directions from Riket inside Ops, they approached the debris field cautiously and then, suddenly without warning, found themselves enveloped in a diffuse cloud of creatures, twinkling and sparkling and fluorescing with light, like being inside a slow-motion explosion.  They didn’t at first realize they had blundered right into an advance formation of tiny warriors…the upper edge of the huge m’jeete formation itself.  
The ship was with them, what was left of it, for the partially dissembled hull drifted aimlessly just below them, spinning slowly in the currents.  
Riket’s voice came over the repeater net and Murkot was concerned at the tone of fear in it.  
“Murkot, go slow.  We’re detecting some kind of large structure below your position.”
Murkot pulsed ahead himself, confirming Riket’s words.  “It’s Puklek’tik, Riket.  Or what’s left of her.  We’re approaching the wreckage now.”
“Be careful.”
“Definitely a swarm,” said Murkot.  The dive leader hung above the wreckage of Puk’lek’tik, testing for deco waves.  “I’m seeing decoherence right now, wave after wave, mostly small stuff.”  
“The whole thing’s nothing but a giant quantum generator,” Riket marveled.  
Murkot agreed.  “We’d best go slow and feel our way in.”
Then, just as the swarm mass had begun to thicken and the dive team had slowed to negotiate the traffic, the signal dropped out.  Everything went blank.  
“I got nothing,” Murkot said.  His fingers flew over the keys on his wristpad—attached to his left armfin.
“Me neither,” said diver Kemik, checking sonar returns on her small scope.  
Diver Gornik was excited.  “I’m getting big deco waves now—one right after another.  Something’s really got this mass riled up—“
Turbulence increased and the team was jostled and thrashed by waves pushing through the water from beyond the wreckage.
“Murkot—“ it was Riket, back at the base, “something’s happening out there.  My sonar is showing aspect changes all along that formation.  It’s moving, morphing—“
That was when the lights went out.
For Murkot, the first impulse was like a giant fist had grabbed him and started squeezing.   He was whirling and spinning, dizzy, round and round, he could feel the force of the water against his head, pressing, crushing him—
He had a fleeting glimpse of one of his divers—maybe it was Kemik, maybe Gornik—and he nearly vomited at the sight.  It was all the wrong…the image was wrong and his mind refused to accept it—there was Kemik, with two heads, now three, now four, now eight heads, popping out of her body like geraniums in fast motion video, Kemik with her head missing, distorted in a cracked mirror, and he closed his eyes, couldn’t look at it anymore—
…and then it came.  An image of geometric forms—icosahedrons, polygons, trapezoids—all compressed into a tunnel, a long curving corridor and he found himself hurtling at breakneck speed down this corridor, until—
With a hard bump, his whole body jarred from the impact and when he opened his eyes, caught his breath and came to his senses, he was in.
Inside the lockout chamber back at base Pomt’or.
Murkot let the chamber stop spinning and his eyes settle down back into their sockets.  Something heavy lay against his side.  He craned his neck up.  Another diver.  With a start, he realized it was Kemik.
What the hell—?
“Kemik…Kemik…get up…”
The diver stirred and moved away from his tail.  Somehow, the lockout chamber had been cycled and the water pressures equalized.  
Murkot drifted up, a bit unsteadily, and helped Kemik up as well.  That’s when they realized a face was peering at them from across the deck.  It was Riket.
Riket’s voice crackled over their wrist comms.  “Okay, you two, I’m cycling the lock.  Get ready…that water’s cold outside—“
Murkot felt a chill race down his spine.  They were back aboard the base, displaced back in space to the lockout chamber inside Orkn’t dome.  And not only that…somehow, they had been displaced back in time as well.  He recognized everything and a glance at his wristpad clock confirmed it: they were right back where they had been…starting out on the recon mission.  They had done this before. 
As if to confirm his idea, another face appeared in the hatch window.  It was Tek’to.  Just like before—
“Hold up,” Murkot said.  “Don’t cycle the lock just yet—“
It took a few minutes of explaining to convince Tek’to of what had just happened.
Murkot and Kemik opened the lockout from the inside when pressures had been equalized.  Gornik was there too.  Tek’to was skeptical.
“You mean to say you were just outside, approaching Puklek’tik…and now you’re here?  That’s impossible, Murkot.  You’ve been right beside me the whole time—all of you—prepping for the dive.  I was just about to operate the lock.”
Murkot understood.  “I know it’s hard to believe, but we’ve seen this effect before—“
Kemik added, “Remember the reports from Site Alpha?  These m’jeete swarms are quantum devices.  They can be in many places at once and they can entangle other objects, like us, and move us around in space and time.  Usually, we don’t get that close.”
Tek’to was still having a hard time with the idea.  “Are you going to dive now…I mean again…I mean--?  We have to find out what happened to Puklek’tik.”
Murkot was peeling off the rest of his gear, handing his suppressor web belt to the servbot.  It scuttled off to another deck, to rack the gear in Stores and Supplies.  
Tek’to said, “We need to sit down and think about this one.  How the hell do you fight something that can displace us to just about anywhere in time and space?”  He went to a comm panel nearby, flipping open a channel.  “This is Tek’to…all kelke…briefing in ten minutes.  Crew’s mess in T’kel dome…out!”
But before Tek’to could make it through the floatway, Riket had called down from the command center.
“Honorable Master Prodsman, we have trouble…contacts just beyond the bubble curtains, they’re coming from everywhere….”
Tek’to was already irritated.  This didn’t help.  “Who’s coming, Riket?”
Riket had been a stunner with the Prodsmen’s Guild for a long time.  He didn’t scare easily.  But his voice quavered, betraying something Tek’to had never heard before.
“The m’jeete, Master.  It’s the m’jeete.  They’re just outside the barriers.  Already, I’m getting warnings from sensors in Pulkel dome.”
“M’jeete…let me go there and see for myself.”
Passing into Pulkel dome from a floatway—the dome held the base galley, habitat spaces and dry stores—Tek’to stopped short and beheld something that sent a chill down his tail.
Half the outer hull was gone, revealing a ragged bright white breach that flickered and fluoresced right before his eyes.  Tek’to tried pulsing the wreckage of the outer wall and got back an echo that only made the chill worse.
Riket was right.  A flickering, flashing swarm mass had already disassembled about one third of the hull wall opposite the floatway.  Loose pods, slings and containers drifted about the space, swirling in the icy water like so much debris from an explosion…in a sense, that’s what had happened.  The tiny warriors, as the Chinku liked to call them, had descended on Pomt’or base from another axis and begun chewing away at the hull of the base itself.
Tek’to swallowed hard, slammed the hatch shut and floated there in the tube for a second, not sure what to do.
In previous encounters, prods, scentbulbs and acoustic blasts had been completely ineffective.  Tek’to knew that they would be unlikely to contain the m’jeete swarm now enveloping them with anything they had on base.  At Site Alpha, the Chinku used electron guns and similar devices to contain the swarms.  But such gear hadn’t been included in Pomt’or’s original outfitting.
Tek’to had always prided himself, as a tukmaster, for quick response and sure blows to his opponent.  Reflexes and training were the key, as was making the right decision at the right time.  You didn’t survive tuk and become a master prodsman by being slow and stupid.  When the opportunity was there and a quick decision had to be made, a true tukmaster made it.
And dealt with the consequences later, consequences like the Metah’s anger at losing her base and failing to drive the airbreathers off Europa.
It seems we may need the airbreathers after all, Tek’to thought sourly.
He turned and stroked off through increasingly icy and salty water, a result of leaks around the dome hatch and more m’jeete breaches elsewhere.

The Notwater pod was located in Ponk’t dome.  Tek’to swam through the floatway, collected a few prodsmen and frightened technicians on the way—stop bubbling like frightened midlings…keep your guts calm, you dolts-- and assembled his group just outside the translucent fingers of the pod.  
It was Maggie Sk’ort-Keenan, just rising from the spongy floor from a brief nap, who recognized they had visitors.
“Captain…Captain… look—” she pointed at the faces leering in at them through the walls.
Charley had been fiddling with a small mushroom-shaped pedestal attached to the floor, imagining different uses she might make of it, and looked up.
Maggie approached the walls cautiously.  “We’ve got company.”
Before Charley could join her though, the echopod on the floor erupted.
It seemed the Ponkti wanted to discuss something.  The voice was shrill, guttural, filled with hisses and raspy gurgles….
“Kah…shkreeah…This one is Tek’to…master prodsman of Pomt’or…vish make akreement….”
Charley and Maggie stared at each other, both mouthing what they thought they had heard.  Rey Diaz and Sonora came over to help.
Rey said, “I think he said ‘agreement,’ or something like that.”
Charley came up to the wall, face to face with Tek’to’s bulbous nose and beak.  She tried to examine his tiny eyes, measure his meaning with what his face said, but it was nearly impossible with Ponkti, even without the walls.
“What is it you want from us?”
Tek’to circled around the outer walls of the pod for a few moments, collecting his thoughts, steeling himself for the ordeal of asking something of the airbreathers.  Celebrated tukmasters did not do things like this.
He explained their predicament and the assault of the m’jeete swarms.
“Tiny warriors come.  They gggqqkkllqq…Pomt’or…dome is finished…more damage…we need helpsh….”
After a few minutes back and forth, repeating, tuning the echopod, asking and answering questions, a general picture of what had happened became clear.
Charley gestured for all crewmembers to gather around.  She was aware of the anxious Ponkti faces staring at them from behind her, peering in through the finger walls of the pod.
“Okay, here’s the deal.  It seems the swarms the Ponkti were trying to study and work with have taken a liking to the base.  They’ve approached the far domes and started disassembling them piece by piece.  Tek’to says nothing the Ponkti have seems able to stop them—not suppressors, acoustics, prods, nothing.  It’s like trying to stab a cloud with a knife.  Just doesn’t work.”
Miriam Sonora had a question.  “We all know the best way to defeat a swarm is to engage it with another swarm.”
“Yeah,” added Nasr Hamid.  “Don’t they have counterswarms they can use?  Are they really that careless?”
Charley shrugged.  “Unknown.  Maybe not so much careless as in a hurry…to occupy Europa and keep everyone else away.”
“So what do they want from us…good luck wishes?” Hamid said sourly.
Charley gave Nasr her fiercest ‘Captain’s’ look---knock it off.  “Apparently, the swarms—the ones they call m’jeete or tiny warriors—have been on the move and approaching the base for some time now.  They tried to investigate with their ship, the one that fired on us.  But the tiny little bastards chewed up their ship.  Now the Ponkti have no ship.  This Tek’to guy believes the base will have to be abandoned.  But with no ship, they have no way of leaving the ocean, boring up through the ice and getting away.”
Hamid snorted.  “They want to borrow our ship, is that it?”
Sonora shook her head.  “Clipper’s not up for it, not without seriously drydocking her and doing major repairs.  The Ponkti acoustic device really messed her up bad.”
Evelyn M’bela cocked her head.  “With the right gear and enough time, we might make Trieste operable, Charley.”
Charley nodded, wanting to turn around and stare down the Ponkti commander, nose to beak, but she thought better of it.  
“Tek’to’s apparently proposing a truce…if I’m grasping what the echopod’s telling us.”
Hamid shook his head.  “Really?  A truce?”
Charley ignored the sarcasm.  She would have to have a word with her pilot when the right moment came.
“They’ll provide all the tools and materials we need, if we can make Trieste operable again.  If we can, they’ll let us go, provided we find a way to take the Ponkti crew with us, at least as far as the topside of the ice.”
M’bela was already thinking of what would be needed.  “They’re not airbreathers.  We’d have to secure one or two compartments and pressurize them with water, water they could live in and breath in.  And what about the surface—the vacuum—the radiation?  None of us could survive unprotected up there.”
“All great questions,” Charley replied.  “Let’s make a list.  What I need to know now is…can we work with these bastards?  Do we trust ‘em?  Can we cooperate with them long enough to get the hell out of here?”
“Despite the fact that we’re prisoners and they tried to kill both ships?” asked Alicia Wu, Clipper’s borer operator.  “I think I know the answer to that one.”
“What choice do we have?” said Maggie.  “If these Ponkti bottom feeders are telling the truth, the whole base is done for.  We need a way out of here ourselves.”
They debated and argued and went back and forth for a time and all the while, Charley stole glances at their Ponkti audience.  It was clear, even though the translucent walls, that the Ponkti were anxious, restless and unnerved by what had happened, circling constantly around the perimeter of the pod.
Join the crowd, Charley thought.
In the end, the decision came down to a vote.  Charley and Miriam Sonora briefly discussed their commanders’ prerogative in the matter but both decided it was best to let the crews hash out the arguments and see if a consensus emerged.
In time, a rickety agreement formed and Charley informed Tek’to through the echopod that the airbreathers—a mix of humans and Amphibs—would try to help as best they could.
This seemed to relieve Tek’to, whose scratchy voice came through the echopod.
“Shkreeah…qqllqqkk…begin now…time no is not…we pod—”
The train of original transfer pods was quickly produced and parked alongside the outer walls.  One by one, the crew members—with Ponkti assistance—were extruded through the fingers and into the pods, many holding their breath as they crossed the short distance through freezing water.  Charley felt like a million knives were stabbing her, like a hundred man-of-war were stinging her.  Once inside the shelter of her pod, along with Sonora and Rey Diaz, the train lurched into motion.
Moments later, they were alongside the hatch to Trieste, having traversed several floatways into another dome.
One after another, crew members made the transfer and set to work.
The next few hours were a blur of time and sweat and aching joints and burning eyes and shakes from the penetrating cold, slicing into each crewmember like stilettos.
Clipper was too far damaged to be of use.  Their only hope was for the Ponkti, the Humans and the Amphibs to cooperate in repairing Trieste before the m’jeete moved on their base and displaced them.  But conflict and mutual suspicions made such cooperation difficult.
Charley decided that she would lead the repairs on the propulsors.  Fixing those would require difficult work outside Trieste’s tailpod, in the cold, dark waters.  To help her, she chose a Ponkti weaver named Kuktor and Maggie Sk’ort-Keenan, because she was Amphib and wouldn’t need a hypersuit.  And right away, Charley saw that there would be problems.  Kuktor and Maggie couldn’t get along.
It started when the crew was staging a sling and float device to transport materials to the tailpod.  The sling was woven of tchinting fiber, Kuktor’s specialty.  The Ponkti weaver was very protective, even defensive, of his work.  Maggie struggled with the fiber, trying to bend it far enough to form a knot of sorts, something to cinch up two ends and close a loop so the sling could be fastened to a float.  The plan was to attach the sling ends to a pallet of parts and float it around from the lockout hatch to the tailpod.  There, Charley clad in a hypersuit, would climb up into the propulsor bay from outside and drag the pallet behind her, with its parts for the repairs needed.
“This blasted fiber’s too tough,” Maggie complained.  “The weave’s too tight…I can’t bend it.  If you’d done your job right, this wouldn’t be happening.”
“If you knew anything about tchin’ting,” retorted Kuktor, “you’d know where to make your bend.  Nothing wrong with the fiber…it’s the joiner who doesn’t get it!”
The argument had been flaring for hours, until Maggie couldn’t take it anymore.  She dropped her end and went right at Kuktor and a full-fledged brawl ensued.  Before Charley heard it and came as fast as she could, more had joined in.  A cat fight of tumbling, slashing, stabbing bodies flashed before her.  Grabbing several others, Charley waded in to the tussle, got a beak in the face, and was slapped silly by someone’s tail.  It took Ponkti prods, strong words, curses and determined referees from both ships to finally break the fight up.  
The battling kelke separated reluctantly and hovered nearby, glaring at each other.  Charley stayed in the middle.
“That’s enough!  Enough of this…all you guys do is bicker and argue and fight.”  She hoped her echopod was conveying her disgust with the whole situation.  “Stop this bitching and moaning and jabbing at each other…you guys aren’t enemies.  The real enemy’s down there—“ she pointed toward the deep black below them.  “The real enemy’s that swarm that’s chewing away at this base.  Don’t you get it…no ship, no escape.  How about a little shoo’kel, for once, huh?”  She didn’t even know if she’d used that word right, but at least no one was snickering.  “Now, let’s get back to work and get this job done.”
Little escapades like this happened every day.

The Ponkti had long been despised for unleashing the Purple on Earth and forcing millions of Humans to emigrate to survive.  But Tek’to retorted that the same thing had once happened on Seome…Umans and their wars brought annihilation to Seome and they had to emigrate to survive.  Tek’to wanted to try and ‘reason’ with the swarm through their own m’jeete carried at base but the Ponkti tried and found they couldn’t establish reliable communication.  The swarm the Chinese called tiny warriors didn’t respond in any detectable way. 
Just keeping the fights and the name-calling down to a minimum was a full-time job for Charley and Sonora.  
Both commanders had taken a break from pulling wire and soldering connections in the aft decks.  They nursed sore shoulders and tired muscles, while sipping at hot tea in Trieste’s crews mess, now allocated to staging supplies and materials for the work.
Charley stared with fatigued eyes through a wreath of steam at her counterpart.   “It’s a damn good thing the Ponkti can’t come inside, being sea people.”
Sonora agreed.  “We’d all be at each other’s throats—or gills or whatever—in seconds.”
“What do the Ponkti say now about the Bugs?  Still closing and chomping away?”  
Sonora nodded. “Last sensor sweep I saw indicated they’re in among the domes right now.  Tek’to said one dome was gone.  We’ve got to get Trieste operable in a few hours or—”
The intercom chirped from the command deck.  It was Hamid.  His voice was tense, strained.
“That big guy Tek’to’s just outside the lockout.  He wants to come aboard.”
Charley looked at Sonora.  This was highly unusual.  The only way a full-blooded Ponkti could board Trieste was to come encased in a mobilitor.
“He knows we’re not configured for water environment inside, doesn’t he?” she asked.
Hamid sighed.  “He knows.  He says it’s urgent.”
Charley replied, “Tell him to come aboard.  Captain Sonora and I will head down there now.”
On the way down Trieste’s gangway, the entire ship lurched suddenly and rocked in some kind of shock wave.  It dampened out quickly enough.  Sonora’s face was pale with alarm.
“What the hell was that?”
Charley was grim, kept on going.  “I don’t know.  Could be another dome.  Or a floatway disconnected.”
Inside F deck, Charley and Sonora indicated to Evelyn M’bela and Rey Diaz that they should go ahead and cycle the lock.
They all watched as panel lights flashed from red to yellow to green.  Diaz opened the hatch, stepping aside as water spilled onto the deck.
From inside the lockout, Tek’to emerged awkwardly, clad in mobilitor suit, his leg and arm servos whirring to keep him upright.  Behind the helmet faceplate, his beak and face were nervous, even anxious.  He stumbled and Diaz and M’bela both helped him stay upright.  Full-blooded Seomish were never graceful out of the water, especially in mobilitors.
Charley spoke.  “What do you want, Tek’to?  We’re doing repairs as fast as we can.”
The echopod chirped and whistled, translating his voice.  His words came out scratchy, raspy, guttural.
“Shkreeahh…no time…kkllqqkk…m’jeete come fast…help us…” 
“We can’t go any faster, Tek’to.  Trieste was badly damaged by your sonic device.  We have to make sure she’s right before we try to bore through the ice and get topside.”
Tek’to seemed about to fall over, wavering unsteadily on his mobilitor legs until Diaz and M’bela each took hold of an arm.
“Kkkllqqccrrr…m’jeete here…help ush eshcape….”
Bit by bit, Tek’to’s warning became clearer.  The Ponkti had tried everything they had to fend off the swarm…their acoustic weapons, suppressors, scentbulbs, mah’jeet sacs full of the deadly and toxic organisms.  They had used all of their own m’jeete swarms contained and carried at the base to counterswarm the approaching mass.  Nothing had worked.  
Bit by bit, the ‘tiny warriors’ were disassembling and eliminating the Ponkti base.  And with the swarms having severed any remaining comm links to the ice surface, the situation had become desperate.
Hamid growled at the Ponkti tukmaster’s words.  “I’ll bet that swarm is one of theirs and the bastards let it get out of control.  We know they’ve been experimenting.  Remember what Intel told us about the Chinese—"
Charley swallowed hard.  “Stow it…doesn’t matter now—"
“We’ve run out of time,” Sonora completed the thought.
“We can’t get Trieste operable in time.  There has to be another way.”
It was Trieste’s borer operator Nick Ng who came up with the idea. 
Chapter 8

Europa, the Ocean of Night
Pomt’or, the Ponkti base and Jupiter Station
March 7, 2210 (Earth Universal Time)
68.5 Kv (Epoch of Kel’vishtu)

For Solnet correspondent Luci Byers, the trip through the Atlantic Farpool to UNISPACE’s Jupiter Station was a thrill ride unlike anything she had ever experienced before.  The transit placed her right onto the arrival deck of the station, now in high orbit around Jupiter.  The entire dizzying ride had taken only a few seconds and she gratefully accepted assistance from the deck crew as she willed her stomach and her head to stop spinning.  For a few moments, the banded horizon of Jupiter careened crazily around the compartment windows as she slowly regained her balance and her senses.
She thanked the deck crew and checked her wristpad.  Yikes!  She had an interview with a station spokesperson, a Farpool Service Lieutenant Vanessa Gutierrez in less than an hour.  Getting directions from a station yeoman out in the corridor, she waddled off to her assigned quarters, still wobbly and lurching from one stanchion to another, to freshen up, change clothes, fix her hair and get the cams and other gear ready for the interview.
If all went well, all the segments coming from J Station would make her editors’ heads spin like a top…and easily bump her up for promotion to anchor one of the big shows, like the Solnet Green channel with its billions of viewers.  After that, she could write her own ticket.

Solnet Special Report: “Contact Lost with Trieste Rescue Ship”

Tonight, Correspondent Luci Byers reports from Jupiter Station on how rescue efforts are proceeding to locate and recover the crew of Europa Clipper….
“Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.  We’re here aboard Farpool Service’s Jupiter Station with Lieutenant Vanessa Gutierrez.  The view you see behind me is, of course, Jupiter itself.  All the bands and the churning atmosphere make it look like a pot of soup boiling, wouldn’t you say, Lieutenant?”
Gutierrez is a tall brunette, hair tied back in a tight bun.  She has classic cheekbones and pouty lips—just the right amount of gloss-- but her face is composed, all business, the official Service ‘look.’
“You could say that.  Of course, we see this view every day and it’s never the same.  To many of us, Jupiter’s atmosphere and bands look like a cauldron, always seething and bubbling.”
Byers nodded.  “Naturally.  Lieutenant, again thanks for taking time to be with our viewers tonight.”
“My pleasure.”
Now Byers’ face changes to a serious furrowed-eyebrow demeanor.  “Lieutenant, some of my sources have told me that we’ve temporarily lost contact with the rescue ship Trieste.  My sources tell me, unofficially, that there are plans to mount another rescue mission.  Can you confirm this?”
Gutierrez is like a statue, bland face with a patronizing smile pasted on.  “Unfortunately, I can’t comment on current operations, as you know.  Due to planetary alignment issues and J Station’s orbit—we’re orbiting at an altitude of several million kilometers to stay above the worst radiation belts—we occasionally lose contact with surface teams.  Sporadic comm dropouts due to these forces and conditions are normal.”
Byers decided to try another tack.  She gestured with a finger for the dronecam hovering over their heads to zoom in.  Checking the feed on her wristpad, she tapped a key on her pad to make the fly-sized imager to come in extreme and tight on Gutierrez’s eyes---windows to the truth, her editor had once said.
“Lieutenant, our sources insist that J Station and Europa Eye—the observatory—have also detected unusual movements in Europa’s ice layer and possible additional sonar contacts below the ice…contacts of an unknown origin.”
Gutierrez was too canny, seemingly a step ahead of Byers’ questions.  “I can neither confirm or deny any such sightings.  Our investigations and the rescue mission are ongoing.  Of course, you realize it’s common knowledge that Europa occasionally suffers from what the geos call diapirs…movements of warmer ice below the top layer.  There are even eruptions—geysers—of ice that burst through the surface from time to time.  Perhaps that’s what your sources are seeing.”  Gutierrez smiled an ingratiating smirk.  
Enough with the geology, Byers thought, smiling back.  We both know how the game is played here.
“Then there’s no truth to the stories that UNISPACE and Farpool Service are planning another mission?”
“I have no information on that at this time.”
Byers decided to try another tack.  “Can you give us a sense of how the Trieste mission is going?  What are the odds of effecting rescue of the crew of Europa Clipper?  You must have some ideas on this.”
 Gutierrez’s smile morphed slowly into a more serious face.  “We believe the mission will be successful.  We don’t leave people behind…that’s been Service policy and the jumper’s creed from day one.  Having said that, you surely know that operations below the ice at Europa are risky.  Sometimes, things go wrong.  Systems fail.  People make mistakes.  Phenomena are encountered that we hadn’t planned on.  The Trieste crew are all volunteers and highly trained and motivated.   If anyone can find Clipper and bring the crew out safe and sound, it will be them.  The Service plans and trains for success in every mission and we have the highest regard for our people.”
“Even if they run into aliens or foreign entities down there?”
Gutierrez blinked and her perfect cheekbones hardened…a tic immediately noticed by Byers and confirmed by Flycam’s galvanic skin sensors.
Gotcha there, honey.
The Lieutenant forced a tight smile.  “We have no information on any unusual encounters below the ice, so far.”
Byers changed tactics.  “Let me ask this: there are persistent rumors—stories from sources we consider to be impeachable—that Farpool Service is planning on redirecting the wormhole from just outside J Station down to the surface.  Lieutenant, I’ve covered Farpool for a few years and I know that’s a pretty major operation.  I’m supposing that wouldn’t be done without some reason…and approval from higher-ups.”
Gutierrez seemed willing to be a bit more forthcoming.  “Of course, we have contingency plans for every eventuality.  One of our contingencies is to be prepared to take people off the surface of Europa in a hurry, if that becomes necessary.”
“What kind of contingency would cause this effort?”
Gutierrez shrugged an honest shrug.  “Hard to say.  We plan missions on probabilities.  Perhaps an imminent eruption on the surface makes recovery hazardous.  Or the ship has mechanical or systems failures that make departure impossible.  We have to be ready for just about any eventuality.”
Byers mused a theory out loud, an interview tactic she had often used, allowing her subject to jump in and complete an incomplete or inaccurate idea.
“To relocate a full farpool wormhole…you’d have to re-tune the singularity at the source…in this case the generator on the seabed north of Muir City.  You’d have to re-align the vortrons…that’d take awhile.  Am I correct here?  Am I missing something?”
Gutierrez shook her head.  “No, your information is correct.  Re-aligning a functioning farpool is a major effort.  This is just one of many possibilities we plan for.”
It was clear to Byers that Gutierrez was too disciplined and too well trained a PR officer to give out much, or pretty much anything a decent reporter might want.  
“Lieutenant, thanks so much for taking time to be with us tonight.”
Again, the recruiting poster smile.  “Of course, Ms. Byers.  Always a pleasure.”

End Special Report

Byers shook hands with Gutierrez and the Lieutenant vanished from the wardroom as quickly as she had appeared.
Byers gestured for Flycam to go to recovery mode and shut down.  The tiny cam whirred and hovered for a few seconds, before expertly burrowing into a satchel slung on her belt.  She snapped the cover shut and stood at the huge cupola window for a few moments.  
Don’t know what Jed and the editors will think of that, she mused.  I didn’t get a lot out of that mannequin…jeez, she reminds me of those dumb bots at the recruiting stations…all vacant smiles and vacuous heads.  
Luci Byers idly curled strands of her hair around her ears and lips as she silently watched the seething, heaving spicules of gas boiling away a million kilometers below J Station.  
It was a salmon-hued world, someone had once said, mottled and banded with oranges, reds, browns and ambers, a cauldron of clouds, storms and majestic seething turbulence.  Alternating strips of light and dark wrapped the planet in a calico shroud and several small red spots boiled away in the north tropical zone, companions to the Great Red Spot in the south, a centuries-old hurricane churning since the time of Cromwell and King Charles.
Beyond the limb of the planet, now dark past the terminator line, several tennis-ball moons danced in their orbits about the King of the Planets.
That one is Europa, she identified.  Looks like a cracked billiard ball, with its tortured icescape and shadowy ravines and chasms.
She remembered something she had overheard in the wardroom a short time ago, as she was setting up for the interview.  
J Station was running periodic shuttle drops to the surface, once every day, she thought she had overheard.  Byers tended to put a lot of stock in her sources on the matter of re-directing the Farpool down to the surface.  It made sense.  If Farpool Service were in fact planning such a major operation, they’d have to prep the Farpool “landing” spot on the ground, wouldn’t they?  Surface grading, a few temporary structures for a rudimentary base camp, receiving gear and vortex guides for keeping the wormhole aligned and on target.  
Somehow, some way, I need to wrangle a spot on one of those shuttles.
It wasn’t what Lieutenant Gutierrez said as the way she said it.  Too canned, too well-practiced, like she had an earbud in her ear whispering the very words. Or maybe one of those new neurolifics in her head…that was all the rage now, wasn’t it?
Farpool Service was hiding something, something big.  She was sure of it, she could feel it.  Luci Byers had been a Solnet correspondent for several years now and she’d learned to pay attention to her reporter’s antenna.  When it quivered, like Flycam’s little probe thing, she knew she was close to something, something important.  
It was quivering like a go-tone guitar string now.
Byers left the wardroom cupola and headed out into the nearest corridor, momentarily dizzy from the change in rotation as she left the compartment.  She shook her head clear like they’d taught her in Orientation and headed outbound, to C Ring and the docking bay wing.
She knew a few souls in the docking bay that possibly could find a way to get her on the next surface shuttle.  One in particular.
She primped her hair and face in a compact as she descended to the cross-tunnel node.  It was just a matter of calling in a few favors.  A cute smile, bedroom eyes and a light touch on a forearm should be enough.
She hadn’t seen “Wild Bill” Kavanaugh since her Farside assignment on the Moon.

“Honey, no, I don’t have the right press pass.  I’m just asking for a favor.”
William Kavanaugh glared at Luci Byers with a barely concealed look of disgust. “I know what you’re doing, Luci.  I’m not quite that dense.  If I “smuggle” you onboard Chaos Queen, it’ll throw the weight balance all out of whack…you know that.  It’s dangerous, not to mention highly illegal.  You could crash and die…or worse.”
Byers inched closer to Kavanaugh’s bearded face, holding her breath against whatever that smell was…jeez, it smells like rotten apples or something…what does this guy eat anyway?
“Honey, Bill, I’m just doing a documentary of Farpool operations.  J Station Public Affairs already approved me coming along.  Policy says always accommodate the press if there’s room. And you yourself said there was room…who said anything about stowing away?” 
Kavanaugh huffed.  “You did, you snake.  More dramatic.  Makes your editors shiver with delight, or something like that.  Look, you know I have to check this out.”
Byers backed off.  What a relief.  “Ask Lieutenant Vanessa Gutierrez.  PR.  I just did an interview with her.  She’ll vouch for me.”
Kavanaugh was already softening.  “Nah, I trust you, although I don’t know why, you little fox.  You left me begging back at Farside, you know that?”
Byers smiled mischievously and touched his forearm again.  “I know.  Promise, I’ll make it up to you when I get back.”
“Right…on your honor as a slimy reporter.  I’ll need more than that, girl.”
On cue, Byers leaned forward and planted a quick peck on his cheek.   “That’s a down payment.”
Kavanaugh blushed slightly, started to grab her arm and thought better of it.  Too many people around.  “But I do intend to collect.”  He propped his hands on his hips and grinned.  “Okay, be here at 2230 hours tonight.  Queenie makes her next drop then.  I can probably connive permission from the Captain for a hardly…I mean hardworking…reporter type.”
“You’re a doll, Bill.”
“Oh, I know that and don’t you forget it.”
She came back promptly at 2200 hours for mandatory pre-brief and prep time.  Captain Worsely scowled at her the whole time.   
“Well, whose ass did you kiss to get a slot on my ship?”
Byers smiled sweetly.  “Why Captain, we all know about the power of the press.”
Worsely grunted something unintelligible and went back to setting up the ship for departure from J Station.  
Undocking and de-orbit proceeded without incident.  Two hours after departing, Chaos Queen was descending steeply toward a surface that looked to Byers like a gigantic ice bucket…a world of fantastic shapes—blocks and cubes and pyramids and chunks—all scattered about like a child’s playthings.  
Byers remembered something she had read upon arriving at J Station, some pseudo-poetic crap that probably came from a PR flack…
On Europa, there is only ice…to the naked eye.  Ice cliffs and ice valleys.  Ice ravines and ice canyons.  Ice bergs, buttes, badlands.  Ice continents.  Above the ice is the vacuum of space.  Below the ice is a vast ocean, black as night.  Normally, the two don’t mix….
Okay, so it’s not Chamber of Commerce prose, she mused as Captain Worsely deftly steered Chaos Queen to a lurching, rattling landing.  The lander set down in the middle of a narrow ledge overhanging a steep ravine, with huge boulders of ice strewn about the bottom.  
She spied a blinking red light on a panel by the door to the cockpit.
“What’s that light?” she asked a fellow passenger.
His name was Caulkins and he was a contractor to Farpool Service, headed down to the surface to help with electricals at the base. “Active rad defense is armed,” he told her.  “This rockpile’s deep inside the worst of Jupiter’s radiation belts.  Enough to fry your pretty little brain.”
She figured she was thankful for that.  
Europa gave them a fantastic vista outside the portholes.  The sky was black, mostly filled by the lopsided half-crescent of Jupiter itself, the banded, striated giant filling nearly a quarter of the sky.  Deep shadows accentuated the chasms and gouges along the top of the ice surface, which was a blocky, jumbled mess of frozen forms and shapes.  
“Looks like an ocean frozen in time,” said Byers, craning her neck to see.  “Waves washing up on a beach, then zap!  Freeze it right there.”
“You’re not far wrong,” Caulkins said.  “You get used to it.”  He scanned something on a wristpad.  “Outside temp is about a hundred degrees Kelvin…that’s about minus two eighty Fahrenheit, boys and girls.  Just another beautiful day in the neighborhood…let’s get going.”
They all boarded a europacat for the short trip to the station.  The crawler trundled and wallowed like a drunken pig as it crossed several hundred meters of icescape.
Europa Station was a barebones quartet of low domes, all connected by tubes and tunnels.  Beyond the base proper, a grading crew of automated machines was clearing an oval patch of ice for the soon-to-be-coming Farpool landing.  She’d heard FS planned on conducting a test ‘landing’ in a day or so…the first ever wormhole connection between Earth and Europa. Other machines were depositing an array of PEPS—she’d heard of these gizmos—Portable Environmental Protective Shelters—which self-assembled in the faint ice fog that surrounded the base.  PEPS units would eventually be set up all around the complex as a safety measure, for contractors, base personnel and ultimately for Farpool travelers coming to and from Europa.  Maybe even for rescued crewmen once they made their way topside.
Byers was scanned inside Station Reception, signed the requisite forms and waivers and soon found her way to her quarters, which she would be sharing with an engineer named Kerns.  Kerns turned out to be tall, red-haired female with square shoulders and long, sinewy arms.  
“Boil-Evap,” Kerns explained, answering a question Byers hadn’t asked.  “Life-Support, cooling and temperature control section…that’s where I work.”
They exchanged bland pleasantries and Byers waved at her as she departed for her next duty cycle.
It was clear from even a short run about Europa Station that Farpool Service was sparing no expense in setting up this terminal for the wormhole.
Looks like more than just a rescue station, she told herself.  She went about hunting down possible interview prospects, her Flycam now released and buzzing over her head like an annoying moth.  But she found few takers and became increasingly irritated at the responses she was getting.
“Sorry, babe…no press here.  Service regs, you understand—”
“I’d love to, honey, but I’m late, incredibly late, for my shift—”
“Nothing to see and talk about here…just wires and bolts.  Try Vortron Control—they love to talk over there.”
Europa Station was a joint operation, she had read on the way down.  Nominally operated by Farpool Service, the base commander was a dour Russian named Smelov.  A veteran Jump Commander in FS, his service record read like an encyclopedia of major Farpool operations and efforts.  His search and rescue bonafides were real too…and impressive.
Assisting Smelov was a UNISPACE colonel named Lydia Janes, a hard-edged lifer if she’d ever met one.  Byers had taken an instant disliking to her.
Byers was musing to herself early the next morning, as she shambled along with a few other sleepy-eyed crew members toward the commissary for eggs and bacon, just what the hell was going on below the ice here.  She had a strong premonition that the crew here knew much more than they let on publicly, but discipline was tight at Europa Station and she had yet to find anyone who seemed willing to spill more than platitudes and recruiting poster crap.
Would Europa Clipper be recovered?  Was her crew even now dead and drifting through the Ocean of Night beneath them?  And what of Trieste, the rescue ship?  Somebody around here had to know something and thinking that, Byers found herself increasingly antsy and on edge.  All these stiff lips weren’t doing her career any good either and she dreaded her first report back to Solnet, knowing what Markham and the other editors would probably say.
Passing by Observation on the way to the commissary, she became aware of a gathering crowd in the hall, hushed talk and whispers buzzing through the throng.  Instantly, her reporter’s antennae quivered and, sensing a budding story, she tapped her wristpad to put Flycam over everyone’s heads for an establishing shot.
“Hey, what gives?” she asked of no one in particular.  
A husky male in coveralls with the build of a megaballer, muttered, “Geysers.  Europa Eye detected something below.”
Byers recollected what she knew of the Europa Eye network….
After the Jovian Hammer mission some years before, an orbiting detection network had been put into place around Europa.  Known as Europa Eye, it was designed to provide intelligence on anything unusual happening on or below the surface, for it was known that many were interested in this little cracked billiard-ball of a moon   The network contained numerous instruments: visual cameras, mass spectrometers, neutron flux devices, radiometers.  
On the first day of March, Europa Eye had detected evidence of some kind of vast movements under the ice.  Increased thermals, spikes in electromagnetic activity, even acoustic signals well above baseline were detected and processed through SpaceGuard Center at Farside on the Moon.  
There was no consensus on what the signals meant, just a growing suspicion that something was happening on the surface of Europa, something different, something unexpected.  
Visual analysis from Europa Eye was inconclusive.  But it was plain to see from the imagery streaming back from Jupiter’s huge satellite, that a newly formed geyser had just erupted on the surface.  After some discussion, UNISPACE analysts had finally decided to log the event as an icequake, a shifting of ice plates and ice continents, that had opened up a channel to pressurized water beneath.  That water, rising through the newly formed channel from the Europan ocean, was now sublimating into space, in a series of spectacular geysers.  The phenomenon seemed to be mainly centered along a series of ice grooves, known as linea, starting in the Conamara Chaos and ending at the southern end of Radamanthys Linea, longitude 192 degrees, latitude 12 degrees north.
Or so they thought.  The report issued to CINCSPACE made the conclusion that the geyser field was nothing more than an unusual series of ice plates shifting about, despite growing evidence of massive movements in the ocean below.  Europa Eye would continue to observe and record the event, providing thesis material for astronomers and geologists and glaciologists for years to come.  Farside, Farpool Service and UNISPACE would continue to monitor the activity that had roiled the surface of Europa.  
But the report was firm in its principal conclusion:  natural forces were responsible for a series of new ice geysers erupting on the surface of Europa.  It was more violent and spectacular than before, but nothing the investigators hadn’t seen before on countless worlds, even on Europa itself.
What Europa Eye could not initially see, however, was what was actually embedded in the main geyser, hidden from view, obscured by the violence of tons of ice sublimating into space every second.   The huge swarm that had been driving the eruption was no longer submerged in Europa’s ocean of night.  Instead, the swarm had bored through more than thirty kilometers of ice and arisen to the surface of the satellite.  Now residing in a steep ice ravine, surrounded by towering ice cliffs, hidden by geysering spouts of water, the vast swarm boiled away like a festering sore, slamming atoms to maintain itself and expand in the maelstrom of erupting ice and water.
As it settled onto the icy surface, the unknown swarm had begun to bud off trillions of replicant bots from its main structure.  The swarm was shedding parts of itself.
These bots sloughed off and drifted upward, some riding on droplets of water, particles of ice sublimating into the vacuum.  Most of the bots managed to achieve escape velocity through infinitesimal nano-scale thrusters, using the available water as propellant.  Orienting themselves toward the Sun, the swelling swarm of nanobots soon entered a steep, elliptical heliocentric orbit, an orbit which would intersect the orbit of Earth in less than six months.
Disguised by the geysers, the swarm had escaped Europa and the Jupiter system completely.  They now drifted sunward…and Earthward.
And just moments ago, more geysers had erupted, not three kilometers west of Europa Station.
The gathering was growing increasingly uneasy when the knowledge became public, for the station was surely at risk if more geysers erupted nearby.
Station commander Smelov and Colonel Janes showed up moments later.  “Okay, okay, folks, let’s break up the party here.  Nothing to see.  Just a little eruption on the surface.  Nothing to worry about.  Go get your cinnamon rolls and let the duty shift do their jobs.”  With that, Smelov and Janes pushed and shoved their way inside Observation.
Spying her chance, Luci Byers hung right behind Janes and snuck inside behind them.
The room was crammed with displays and panels and the whole place was in an uproar.  Voices were rising and fingers were pointing and accusations and curses were flung about like verbal rocks.
Hanging back on one corner, Flycam buzzing away over her head, it was increasingly clear to Luci Byers that something unprecedented, something unexpected, had just happened.
She tried to make herself as inconspicuous as possible, and catch intermittent snatches of talk.
“We’ve seen this before—”
“Bullshit…not like this—”
“Bots, billions of bots…that doesn’t happen every day—if you’d done your job right—”
“Can we track ‘em…just track ‘em, okay--?”
“Jeez, one of these things could go off right under us….”
“Aquino, get a grip, will you?  Keep recording….”
She was nearest to two techs, one named Wilcox and the other named Aquino and they were sniping at each other like unruly siblings. 
It was quickly apparent that Europa Station had never seen anything like this.  The techs nearest her were clearly stunned to detect that embedded within the geyser were small nanoscale robots, now heading out into space.   
“My God, I’ve got to get this to Solnet,” Byers muttered under breath.  She was already reaching for her wristpad to relocate Flycam when a strong arm, grabbed her wrist.
It was Smelov.
“No, you don’t, Ms. Byers.  You shouldn’t even be in here…how’d you manage that anyway?”
“Uh, well, sir…I’m hearing that UNISPACE has intelligence that there may be some kind of undersea base below us…you can’t keep that quiet.  That’s big news…really big—”
Smelov released her wrist, but not before unfastening her wristpad, and pocketing in his jacket.  “Actually, I can.  And I will.”
“Sir,” Byers wrenched her arm free with an angry look.  “The press has rights.  You’re publicly funded…we’ve got a right to cover—”
“You’re here at the forbearance of Farpool Service.  We all have to follow the rules, Ms.  Byers.  It’s for your own safety…and everyone else’s.”
“That’s crap and you know it.  I’ll take the next shuttle up and broadcast from J Station.”
Smelov’s eyes were hard.  “No, I don’t think so, Ms. Byers.  For the time being, all shuttle trips are suspended.”
“Suspended!  You can’t do—”
But Smelov was already moving deeper into the chaos that was Observation.  At a hand signal, two burly hangar workers had taken up positions on either side of her.   “Security,” he told her.  “Everybody’s staying put…for now.”
Furious and against Solnet policy, Luci Byers squirmed an arm free and began hunting in her bag for a handful of spybots.
If I can just plant one of these gadgets on a tech—
But stronger arms regained their hold of her and she looked on helplessly as Observation descended into complete chaos.

Pomt’or, the Ponkti base
Longitude 202 by Latitude 22 North
February 11, 2210 (Earth U.T.)
63.3 Kv (Epoch of Kel’vishtu)

For the last hour, borer operator Nick Ng had been patiently siphoning off bots from Trieste’s borer head into a small capsule.  He was wiping sweat from his eyebrows when Charley stuck her head inside the compartment.
“How goes it, Nick?”  Her face was lined with worry.
Ng looked up, dead tired.  “I’ve got almost a full capsule.  I’ve tweaked the configuration a little too.  Once the red light comes on, the capsule’s full.  After that, off to the airlock and it gets discharged.”
Charley was doing some mental arithmetic in her head.  “Once the borer bots are place, how long until we have a borehole we can use?”
Ng shrugged, then grabbed a stanchion as the dome Trieste was docked to shuddered and lurched.
Charley sucked in a breath.  “Won’t be long now.  That was another bulkhead collapsing.  This whole dome could collapse any minute now.  That big swarm is chewing away and consuming everything.”
“To answer your original question,” Ng went on, “once the capsule’s discharged and I remotely release my little buddies, the initial formation starts replicating…fast.  I would estimate the borehole into the ice layer should be at least partially navigable in about an hour.  I’ve tweaked it for the most rapid solid-phase disassembly I could find a config for.”
“We may not have an hour.  Where will the borehole be?”
Ng looked out through the compartment walls, seeing something only he could see.  “As close to the airlock as I can make it.  Just a few meters beyond, where Trieste is docked to this dome, there is an ice ledge that comes pretty close.  My bugs’ll start there.”
“Good.  Nick, as soon as you have something workable, release your bots.  That big-ass swarm below us is slowly consuming everything around this base.  Tek’to said awhile ago that two of the four domes are gone.  They’ve tried every countermeasure they can; even their own bots—their m’jeete, they call them—haven’t stopped the swarm.   It may only be an hour or two.  The Ponkti can survive, for a while, in open water, but that big swarm may not let them.  We’ve got to get to the surface as fast as we can.  You made up something to help the Ponkti get through the borehole?”
Ng reached over to a pile on the floor and held up a small harness, two can-sized cylinders with straps.
“This should work on the legs of their mobilitors.  Strap ‘em on and light ‘em off.  Suit boost in a can.  These babies should propel even Ponkti in mobilitors up through the tunnel… at least as long as the charge lasts.”
Charley nodded.  “Good work.  Let me have those.  I’ve got to explain to Tek’to what we’re doing…and what they have to do.  I—”
She stopped as the dome lurched again.  Connectors around Trieste’s nose groaned with the stress as she nearly swayed loose from her docking ring.
“That was close.  Keep working, Nick.  Get those bots ready and put ‘em to work.”
“Roger that, Captain.”
Charley left the ship with a handful of boost harnesses and careened and stumbled through shuddering floatways until she found Tek’to, huddled with several other Ponkti.  They were floating freely, no longer wearing mobilitors.  Tek’to was supervising some repairs to a bulkhead.
The Ponkti commander saw Charley approaching, seeing how the cold, dense salty water inside made her face contort.  Her gills were on fire, but she powered through and released the harnesses to float in front of Tek’to.
She tried pulsing Tek’to, not that she had ever been good at that, and got back a confusing burst of echoes that she couldn’t make sense of…fear, anger, guilt, some Ponkti feelings she had no name for.
Tek’to explained the situation.  “We’ve sent our last m’jeete outside, in the face of this big formation.  But it’s useless.  Our m’jeete are no match.  We hope to slow them down enough to save Orkn’t dome…it’s our last hope.”  He snagged a harness and studied it for a moment.  “What are these toys you bring?”
Charley said, “They’re not toys.  They’re your best hope for getting out of here.  You asked for our help.  Get your people—the ones that are left—into their mobilitors.  Fasten these harnesses to the legs.  Once our borehole is ready, head there and fire these suit boosters.  The force will propel you up the borehole.  It’s your best chance.”
Tek’to was thoughtful.  Charley could pulse how chaotic and confused his insides were; the Ponkti equivalent of wringing hands, she figured.
“We have failed tekmetah.  We’ve broken shame-bond with our Metah.  We don’t deserve to live.”
Charley briefly thought you’re right, you slimedog, but she didn’t say that.  Everybody, even Ponkti scum, deserved a chance.  Nobody deserved to be chewed up by some gigantic alien swarm.  Still—
“You Ponkti came here to take control of Europa, didn’t you?  That was the Metah’s plan.  You drove humans and Amphibs off Earth with the Purple and that wasn’t enough.  Now you want this world too and others as well.  You brought your own m’jeete swarms.  Then you discovered this big thing on the seabed and you tried to exploit it, control it.  Only you can’t and now it’s consuming everything you’ve done.”
Tek’to stiffened and his beak retracted to show still-sharp teeth.  “We have a right to these ocean worlds.  Ponkti aren’t Amphibs.  Ponkti will never be Amphibs.  Ponkti need seas to survive.
“You’ve got the whole Earth and all its oceans now.  That’s not enough?”
Tek’to seethed with anger.  “Ponkti were always the dregs of Seome.  The untouchables.  The unmentionables.  Even in the kel’vishtu, the Great Migration, Omt’or and the other kels were first.  Ponkti were relegated to the last moments; many died. Many were lost.  We found new hope on Urku.  But we had to fight the Omtorish again, even for Urku’s spoiled waters.  Here—” he waved around—“here in these waters, Ponkti have a virgin world.  We have room to breathe, to grow, to become what our ancestors dreamed of.  Nobody will take this from us.”
Charley snorted.  “Nobody but that big swarm outside.  It turns out Europa’s not so virgin after all, is it?  Somebody else is here…or something.”
Still fuming, Tek’to brusquely grabbed all the remaining harnesses and tucked them around an armfin.  “We fight for what is ours, what should be ours.”
But Charley decided further argument was futile.  “If you want to be martyrs to your Metah, so be it.  But if I were you, I’d get all your people into their mobilitors and get those harnesses strapped on.  This dome’s gone.  The bulkheads are already near to collapsing.  Wait too long, and you’ll be dinner for that beast outside.”
With that, Charley turned about and stroked her way back toward the docking bay and its lockout.  Cycling through the airlock, she ran right into Rey Diaz on Trieste’s F deck.
Without thinking, they grabbed each other and embraced.  
“Rey, get into your hypersuit.  Pass the word.  Everybody—both crews, Clipper and Trieste-into their hypersuits.  Then meet me in the wardroom ASAP.”
Rey’s eyes met hers.  “Will this work?  Can we get the hell out of this swamp?”
“I don’t know.  Nick’s already started his borer bots on a borehole.  Look—” she bore into his eyes, “I promised your parents at Settlement Seven I’d save your sorry ass.  And I intend to keep that promise.”
Rey rolled his eyes.  “I’m sure they were properly impressed.  Always the hero, huh?  You haven’t changed.”
Without thinking, Charley planted a quick kiss on his cheeks, then pushed him away before he could react.  “Don’t get any bright ideas.  We’ve got a lot to do.”  Then she slipped by him and headed up the gangway to her quarters.  After few minutes of tugging and swearing, she managed to get her own hypersuit mostly on.  Then it was off to check with Nick.
Ng was still on A deck, the borer compartment, monitoring what his little buzzards were doing outside.  Slipping inside the cramped space, she shoved Nick’s hypersuit at him.
“You’d better get into that now.  We have to be ready.  This whole place could be breached any minute.”
Nick Ng was hunched over his controls, checking configs, guiding the tiny swarm of borer bots as it approached the ice layer just outside the ship.
“Almost there,” he told her.  “Here, I’ll show you the acoustic view.”  He tapped some buttons, made some adjustments.  The display above his head careened and shifted, then settled down.  “There.  Bot’s eye view of the ice.”
Charley studied what the bots were detecting, trying to make sense of it, while Nick struggled into his hypersuit.  She ignored his muttering and grunting, instead concentrating on the blizzard of polygons and cubes and pyramids and dodecahedrons flitting by the imager.
“It’s mostly water ice,” Nick explained.  “Just like the Arctic on Earth.  Thirty miles of it.  The bugs started disassembly just before you showed up.  Take a look outside.”
Charley craned to see through a tiny porthole.  The water was filled with an unearthly blue-white light.  She could just barely make out the jagged edges of the ice ledge, now fully enveloped in a hemispherical globe of light, as Nick’s bugs began chewing into the ice.  Loose debris from the base drifted by along with chunks and shards of ice, clouding her view.
“The borehole will be just wide enough to accommodate a hypersuited trooper.  Depending on the ice thickness here, I’m estimating breakthrough in about twelve, maybe fourteen hours…if I did my homework right and optimized the configs okay.”
Charley was impressed with her borer operator.  She clapped him on the shoulder.  “Good work, Nick.  Great job.  Now get buttoned up in that garbage can.  We’re having an all-hands briefing in the wardroom.”
“Okay, just a few more—”
“Now, Nick.  Move it.  We don’t have a few more minutes.”
Ng swallowed hard.  “Roger that, Captain.  I’m right behind you.”
The wardroom was jammed with crew.  In their hypersuits, some had to hang back in the gangway to have room.
Nobody had ever liked wearing hypersuits.
“Full hypersuits!” Charley yelled over the commotion.  “Get those tin cans on and zipped up!  Once we’re done here, everybody heads aft—single file, please!—to the lockout.  We’ll cycle outside two at a time.”
“Oh, boy,” muttered Evelyn M’bela, as she snapped her helmet down and secured her own suit.  Servos whirred as she flexed her limbs.  “I just can’t wait to climb into my garbage can.”
“It’s for your own good,” said Maggie Sk’ort-Keenan, as she struggled with one leg, rocking  back and forth until it could be hoisted up into position.  “You want to crawl like a worm through thirty miles of ice without one?”
“Listen up!” Charley yelled.  Miriam Sonora, Clipper’s commander, and Rey Diaz stood nearby.  When all the catcalls and cursing had died off, she went on.
“Nick here has already started his bugs making a borehole.  That’s the glow you see outside the portholes.  There’s only one tunnel and it’s just wide enough for hypersuits.  You’ll go up single file, helmet to foot, one after the other.  Rey—” she turned to Diaz, “you’re with me.”
Diaz offered a faint smile.  “Of course, Captain.”
“Nick says the bots will take twelve to fourteen hours to breach topside, maybe longer.  It’s a long trip.  But it’s the only way.  You’ll be right behind the bots as they chew a path, so watch your boost—set your thrust setting at two, tops.  I don’t want you all bumping into each other.  Slow and steady and try to think of something pleasant.  Now’s not the time to be claustrophobic.”
Evgeni Kotlas, the mustachioed Russian engineer aboard Clipper, raised a hand.  “What about surface conditions?  Anyone know where we’re breaching?  Anyone up there waiting for us?”
Charley knew this would come up.  She also knew she didn’t have any good answers.  As they taught you in Farpool Service, when in doubt, quote regulations.  Live and die by the book.
“I don’t know,” she answered honestly.  “Topside, you all know the score.  Hard vacuum and serious radiation.  Not to mention minus two hundred sixty F temperature.  Our best hope is to use our suit comms to signal for help.  Europa Eye’s got the whole surface under constant surveillance.  Somebody’ll see us or hear us.”
“How long will these garbage cans protect us?” someone called out.
Charley didn’t have a good answer for that either.  “Your hypersuits have active rad defense and enough power cell for several days.”
“We’ll use up all our cooling water before that.”
Another voice.  “The whole surface is ice, you dope.  Just melt a handful.”
“And how do I inject it into my suit, you dirtbag?”
Charley held up a hand.  “That’s enough.  Just keep your wits about you and follow me and Sonora. We’ll get out of—”
But she stopped in mid-sentence for the dome the ship was docked to made a final violent lurch and a loud roar of water could be heard just beyond the hull.
“She’s giving way!” someone yelled.
“Hull breach!  The dome’s collapsing, we’ve—”
Charley screamed at the top of her lungs.  “Get your cans buttoned up!  All hands to the lockout…NOW!”
With Trieste thrashing about her moorings like a fish on a hooker, footing down the gangway was dicey.  Crew members stumbled and banged into each other until the lead group reached the airlock and began cycling through.
Charley pushed and shoved forward as hard as she could.  Rey Diaz helped her.
“Go!  GOGOGOGO!  Get out!  Get going!”
Diaz looked at her, saw Charley’s face red with exertion, even inside the hypersuit helmet.
“What about the Ponkti?”
Charley’s face became a mask of anger.  “To hell with the Ponkti!  They’re on their own.  We’re getting the hell out of here before the ship separates and we drift away too far!”
One after another, two at a time, the crew members of Europa Clipper and Trieste cycled through the airlock, even as the ship lurched and banged and finally did pull away from her docking ring.  Caught in the maelstrom and seething vortex of water rushing into the air spaces of the dome, Charley groped for a hand she had seen and let it pull her forward.  It turned out to be Rey Diaz.
Together, they cycled through.  Slammed by debris and ice, tugged and yanked and thrashed by the vortex of the collapse, the cold of the Europan ocean sucked the very life out of her. She caught her breath and held on to Rey’s hand as best she could.
A faint blue-white glow guided them toward the borehole, though even now, it was fading.  Nick’s bugs had already burrowed deeply up into the ice layer, meters ahead of the first crew members to enter and slither their way inside the tunnel.   
Rey and Charley waited their turn, watching as arms and legs and frightened faces inside helmets passed by and disappeared up into the tunnel.  Behind them, debris from the domes and what was left of Trieste streaked by, a blizzard of hull plates, loose gear, bunks, control panels, wiring and food warmers. 
Charley gave only the briefest thought to what had happened to Tek’to and the Ponkti.  She wondered if Gokel, her own Rescue Systems Officer, the traitor, had decided which way to go.  Would the bastard stay with the Ponkti and be consumed like the martyrs they wanted to be?  Tekmetah said you had to do that.  Or was he even now behind them, lost somewhere in the destruction around them.  
She decided she didn’t care.  All she cared about was getting into that borehole, with Rey Diaz, and getting away from the monster devouring the Ponkti base and everything around it.
How long would it be before the alien swarm chewed its way up to the surface?  And what then?
Feeling a strong tug on her arm, Charley slithered her way into the borehole opening.  The walls were still seeping heat into the water and she was grateful for that.
Then the dark of the borehole closed over and behind her.  She felt the thrumming of Rey’s suit boost somewhere over her head.
With a few taps on her wristpad controls, Charley Meyer lit off her own suit boost, choosing thrust level two, to stay just beneath Rey’s boots, and closed her eyes.
She tried hard to imagine being anywhere but here.
Chapter 9

Europa, the Ocean of Night
March 8, 2210 (Earth Universal Time)
69.1 Kv (Epoch of Kel’vishtu)

Though Charley Meyer didn’t know it, some of the crew never made it to the borehole.  She tried not think about anything other than the whirring of Rey’s suit boost and the proximity of her own helmet to the flat, slightly dirty soles of his boots just above her face.
An hour before, Charley and Rey were grunting and panting, trying to contort themselves through the tunnel.  With effort and a lot of shoving, Charley was able to force herself up into the shaft.
“What kind of clearance do you have?” Rey’s voice sounded like it was inside her own helmet.
Charley bit her lip.  She was not going to succumb to claustrophobia now.
“Maybe an inch around my head.  It’s a tight fit.”
“Can you see anything above you?”
“I can see a wall of ice screened off by bots.  It’s like the wall is bubbling and heaving.  But I can reach out and touch it with my helmet.  Above me, it’s black as night.  Can’t see a thing.”
“It’s probably going to be a bumpy ride.  Close your eyes and think of something more pleasant—“
“Yeah…like what?  Like you naked on the beach...the day after we get back?”
“Right.  Just light off your suit boost and get going.  It’s a long way to the surface.”
Amen to that, she thought.  Maybe a little prayer would help too.  She took a deep breath, counted to three and pressed a button on her wristpad with her other hand.
It didn’t help that those damned headaches had returned.
Then she started moving upward, smacking the side of her helmet on the hard ice walls.
She continued her painstaking ascent for what seemed like hours, maybe days.  She soon lost all track of time and space.
Only the labored sound of her breathing—her helmet visor was getting pretty fogged up—and the bang and crunch of her hypersuit scraping along the tunnel walls gave her any sense of motion.
She tried reducing the suit boost to see if it had any effect on the scraping but it didn’t.
Guess I’m going to be a billiard ball when I get topside, she told herself.  She wondered how long that would take.  She would have given anything to know where she was, how close to the surface she was.  Pitch black, in a narrow tube the size of a coffin, with no idea where she was or where she was going.
It was enough to drive a girl to drink.
To stop thinking about the insane thing they were doing, Charley thought about her meeting with Rey’s parents, at Settlement Seven.   It seemed like only a day ago….
“What was Rey like, growing up?” she had asked.
“His best friend growing up was Oscar Zaragoza.  Oscar and Reynaldo often cycled together throughout the inner city.  They enjoyed racing each other through the parks.”  
Osvaldo Diaz shook his head, a faint smile cracking his lips.  “I guess the worst was when Oscar and he stole into our famous Sagrada Familia church in Barcelona, hid out, became lost, then accidentally locked themselves into a closet.  Diaz frowned.  “We had to ground him for three months.”
Charley had nodded, picturing the incident.  “That sounds like Rey. Impulsive.  Not the best judgment.”
And now here they were, boosting themselves up through a borehole toward what?  An ice surface and hard vacuum, scoured by radiation?  Would anybody even be looking for them once they got up there…if they got up there?
How long she had passed out, she didn’t know.  But her mouth was bone dry and there wasn’t any liquid in the chin tube; she must have sucked it all dry.  Her shoulders, neck and legs throbbed from the incessant banging and battering.
Maybe I’m not going anywhere, she thought.  But that couldn’t be.  How else to explain the steady thrummm at the soles of her feet—the liftjets pulsing on and off had made her feet go numb hours ago.  They had never been designed for extended duty like this.
At least, the borer bots’ tunnel seemed navigable, if a bit snug.  She wondered where Rey was.  Hadn’t he been just ahead of her?  Or was he still above her, mindlessly boosting upward, ever upward, trapped and suffocating, maybe dead, trying to play hero to the very end?
She didn’t want to think about that at all.  
Suddenly she felt like she was being accelerated forward.  With a sudden surge, she was pushed upward, through loose ice…then light…blindingly bright light and before she realized what had happened, she was on the surface, wallowing in deep snow like a beached whale.
She blinked hard, instinctively trying to rub her eyes, then realized she had a helmet on.
Where the hell am I? 
For a few minutes, her mind went blank.  She couldn’t remember anything, even her name. Nothing.  She started to panic, then got a hold of herself.
She heard a voice in the back of her mind…then a blurry face, a snatch of memory….
Charley looked Ramona right in the eye.  “It’s getting worse, isn’t it?”
Ramona nodded sadly.  “GDS is progressive.  We all know that.”
“What about the latest scans?”
Ramona shrugged.  “The doctor should really be the one to discuss this but—” she fiddled with a wristpad and brought up some charts on the tiny screen.  “The scan yesterday showed a four percent drop in level three and four subcortical mapping, across the lateral and ventral regions of the hippocampus.  Spatial memory, memory consolidation, various aphasias, all these are indicators of advanced voidtime syndrome….”
Charley blinked, shook her head.  Nope.  Not here.  Not me.  Not now.  She rolled and sat up awkwardly, looking out across the icescape.  It was like looking across a field of ice cubes.  Fantastic shapes everywhere.  Mountains, ridges, ravines, deep chasms, all ice.  Blue ice.  Gray ice.  Something like a cross between crimson and burgundy.  Ice buttes.  Ice badlands.  Ice everywhere.
And above was the banded giant of Jupiter, now half in shadow, a malevolent crescent taking up fully a quarter of the sky.
Something moved.  Charley used the last wisps of suit boost and servos to get to her feet and that’s when she saw Rey Diaz and the others.  Without thinking, she counted them off: Nick, Evelyn, Nasr from Trieste.  Sonora and the others from Clipper.
The group seemed to be short a few faces.  After some hurried discussion, she realized Maggie Sk’ort-Keenan and Evgeni Kotlas from Clipper hadn’t made it.  
“Probably crushed,” decided Miriam Sonora.  “That tunnel was shaking and shifting the whole way up.  Moving ice sheets.”
“Diapirs,” agreed Hamid.  
That’s when they all saw the column of a Farpool wormhole writhing like a snake over the distant horizon.

Jupiter Station
Farpool Operations Center
March 8, 2210 (Earth Universal Time)
69.4 Kv (Epoch of Kel’vishtu)

Gabriel Marx took a quick peek out the porthole of the control room and frowned.  
Nightfall at Jupiter Station came abruptly, too abruptly, thought Marx.  He stared out the porthole of the Ops Center and watched the shadows drop like a black curtain across the face of a nearby truss, the hab modules hanging off the thing like grapes on a trellis.  Jupiter Station was a massive place, fully four kilometers in diameter, a series of nested cylinders, some rotating, some not, with all manner of wings and nodes jutting out in every direction.    
Marx watched the black creep down the walls of a nearby module and ooze across the floor of the control room like a spreading stain.  Somehow, it seemed depressing…another two days of night with only the stars for company.  
The station was in high orbit about the King of the Planets, millions of kilometers above her banded cloud banks, thankfully well above the worst of her radiation belts.
Marx was pulling late shift today…tonight…whatever the hell it was.  Tending the radars and telescopes of the Array, scanning sector after sector of the entire Jovian system with her hundreds of satellites, moons and assorted rocks, for any little burp or fart worthy of interest.   The High Freq array had just gone through a major tune-up last week and it was Marx’ job to give her a complete shakedown for the next few days.  Then there was the re-direction of the Farpool itself, a ticklish operation that required precision and patience, to aim the terminus of the wormhole near enough to the temporary base camp grandly known as Europa Station without frying the camp into cinders.
At the moment, she was boresighted to some distant sources somewhere on the ground of Europa, that cracked billiard ball of a moon…where exactly he’d forgotten.
Marx took one last look out the nearest porthole and begrudged the final wisps of daylight before the station was fully enveloped in the nightfall.  At that same moment, he heard a beeping from his console and turned his attention back to the array controls.
What the hell…
Gabe Marx looked over his boards, controlling the positioning of the great instruments out on the end of the instrument boom and the optical and radio telescopes that accompanied them.  He quickly pinpointed the source of the beeping…Nodes 20 through 24…the south lateral array…was picking up some anomaly.  
He massaged the controls and tried to focus the array better, get better resolution on the target.  SpaceGuard didn’t beep without reason.  
A quick perusal made the hairs on the back of Gabe Marx’ neck stand up.  The system displayed a list of likely targets, based on radar imaging and known geology.  He scanned the list, mumbling the details to himself.
“ Hmmm….latitude 10 degrees, 57 minutes, 28 seconds.  Longitude 180 degrees, 46 minutes, 8 seconds---“  Just as he was about to consult the catalog, SpaceGuard threw up a map.
It was something on the surface of Europa, in Powys Regio, western sector.  Nearly a million kilometers away.  A point source of energy had just spiked.  Then another.  And another.  The spectropolarimeter had seen something, something unexpected.
Marx studied the details.  “This one’s a doozy--“ his fingers played over the keyboard, bringing all of station’s instruments to bear on the new source.  The energy spike was showing up in all bands now: infrared, even optical.  He knew the polarimeter only saw circularly polarized light from bio sources.
He stared for a moment at the brief flares that erupted on the screen in front of him.  No way…this can’t be.
Before he could decide what to do next, Marx was interrupted by the sound of a door opening…it was Max Lane, the shift supervisor.
“I heard SpaceGuard got something--“Lane was short, big moustache, squat legs of a former weightlifter, now going soft in the station’s third-g.  
The two of them studied what SpaceGuard was telling them.
“Point sources…a bunch of ‘em—right down there on the Europan surface.  In motion too.  Bio sources.  The polarimeter is tuned for that.  It sees reflected light from the left-handed curl of homochiral molecules.  Max, there are people down there.”
Lane grunted.  “Swing the optical around.  Let’s take a closer look.”
Half an hour later, the Ops room was crowded with onlookers.
Marx was sure of what they had found.   “It’s the crew.  Or crews.  We can’t get a good count but it’s a cinch these guys are from Trieste.  Maybe Clipper too.”
Lane just shook his head in wonder.  “How the hell did they get through the ice without their ships?”
“Looks like they’re moving,” Adam Bright said.  Bright was an instrument tech, brought in off-shift to fine-tune what the instrument arrays were seeing.
Lane rubbed his chin.  “What direction?”
Bright said, “Toward Europa Station.  Toward that test ‘landing’ of the Farpool.”
“They’d better steer clear of the Farpool itself,” someone said from the back.  “It’s just a test.  It’s not stable.”
The station director was Anna Verenskoya.  She idly twirled hair curls in her fingers.  “Try to contact them.  Farpool Service hasn’t released yet.   They’re still fine-tuning the singularity at the Earth end.  The vortron guides and T buffers aren’t set up yet.”
Lane had an idea.  “Maybe Europa Station could send out a small party.  Guide them to safety, maybe render assistance.”
“Good idea.  Send a—”
“Hey, look!  More geysers!”
Even as they watched from a million kilometers away, Europa’s surface erupted again in a daisy-chain of bursts, pressurized water blasting through seams of ice in a shotgun pattern, breaking through to form towering petals of ice crystals that ascended out into space.
“Wow!  That one’s awfully close to Europa Station…look!  The ice is giving way—”
“An avalanche!”

Trekking across the icescape of the Europa surface turned out to be harder and trickier than Charley ever imagined.  With gravity one-eighth of Earth, kangaroo hopping was possible and suit boost helped, but you had to be careful how and where you came down.  Turned the wrong way, you could wind up faceplanting yourself into the side of an icy pressure ridge or falling into a steep ravine or crevasse.  
Miriam Sonora and Charley gathered the surviving crew members in a circle.
“I think that’s a farpool over the horizon—the whippy line over that way,” she pointed.  “That means they’re looking for us, trying to help us.  There may be a camp nearby.  Let’s head that way.  Keep together and watch your suit boost.  Watch your step.  Gravity’s low but this place can still kill you.”
As it already had for Maggie and Kotlas.

Maneuvering on the surface of Europa was an exercise in managing momentum and your own inertia.  Gravity at the surface was so minute that you could almost walk off the moon on foot if you weren’t careful.  Charley soon found that with judicious use of her suit boost to keep her on course, she could bound forward twenty to thirty meters in a single leap.  She made the edge of a deep chasm in four minutes…a place the geos called Rhadamanthys Linea.
Rey Diaz’s voice erupted in her earpiece.  “Man, this is one wild place.  Skipper, have you noticed what happens when you pick up a rock and drop it?”
Charley decided to try it herself.  She selected a fist-sized rock at her feet.  Experimentally, she dropped it from a point level with her shoulders.  The rock didn’t fall straight vertically to the ground.  It drifted down slowly in Europa’s microgravity, at a pronounced angle from vertical, falling away from the linea.
“That’s wicked,” Charley agreed.  “Must be the ocean sloshing around beneath us.  Europa’s center of mass is behind us, near those hills.  The rock falls toward that, not straight down.”
“Exactly, Skipper.  Gravity’s a whole new ball game on this ice bucket.”
Hamid studied the chasm.  It was so deep the bottom couldn’t be seen.  “How do we get across?  It’s too far for suit boost.”
Charley studied the chasm, eyeing its depth and gradient of its banks.  “I guess we climb down and walk.  Or hop.”
Meter by meter, the survivors edged their way down the steep banks, probing ahead for footing, sliding, skidding, holding on to anything they could find.
They made the bottom of the ravine without incident.
Hamid wondered, “Why couldn’t we just contact Jupiter Station directly?  We’re out here on the surface, exposed.  Surely, they’ve detected us by now.”
Charley had thought about that too.  “We can try.  But I’m pretty sure our suit comms don’t have the range or power.  J Station’s in a pretty high orbit.  But give it a shot.”
Hamid did.  “Jupiter Station, Jupiter Station, this is Trieste rescue mission with survivors, come back.  J Station, J Station, come back—”
The calls went on for a few minutes without result.  In the meantime, heading in the general direction of the ropy column that was the Farpool, still far over the horizon, the crews meandered among heavy ice blocks and treacherous crevices toward the linea’s opposite bank.
Rey Diaz noticed a strange series of rounded humps off to their right.  “What the hell are those?”
Miriam Sonora, Clipper’s commander, had the answer.  “I’ll be you Trieste guys had the same glaciology class we did in your mission training.  Don’t you remember?  They’re called pingos.  Big frost-heaves, just like the polar regions on Earth.  Water from below surges upward and freezes when exposed…makes those giant ice plugs.”
Diaz shrugged, nearly impossible in a hypersuit.  “I was probably asleep in that class.”
The crews trudged and kangaroo-hopped on across the relatively flat terrain of the linea bed and soon fell into a rhythm of step, hop, watch your landing, then step and hop.  Europa’s one-eighth gravity made locomotion easier but the ground was both slick and rough, carved with sinuous channels and odd rings, a result of countless freeze and thaw cycles as warmer ice from below pushed and pulled on the surface.
For many minutes, Charley had studied what she could see of the Farpool column, which danced and writhed in the distance like an Indian cobra.  Something didn’t seem right.  She drew closer to Sonora and they chatted for a few minutes.
“Does that wormhole look right to you?”
Sonora had seen the same thing.  “I was wondering myself.  What the hell are those light pulses that course up and down?  And the color…it’s off.”
Charley agreed.  “It has all the appearance of a farpool that’s not quite finished.  Like the singularity core’s damaged.  Or the twist buffers are not aligned.  Let’s hope there are people around when we get there.”
“Yeah, with some kind of ship, like J Station’s shuttle.  I don’t like the looks of that.”
They made the linea’s opposite bank and found the footing easier going up.  Natural paths had been carved in channels out of the ice and the crews made the top of the bank in good order.
Charley allowed herself a modest amount of optimism.
“The column’s getting closer.  Let’s go.  Keep it moving, troops.”
The coppery glow of Jupiter’s late afternoon light made long reddish shadows over the ice, often obscuring dangerous holes and gullies and Charley found herself imagining the crews’ shadows trudging along, growing larger and wider with each passing moment, soon taking flight.  Night would come soon enough to Europa—the moon was tidally locked in rotation with its orbit about Jupiter--, and with it, shapes and sounds unknown, perhaps unknowable.  The survivors moved together as one, in a mechanical rhythm: step, shuffle, hop, step, shuffle, hop, step, shuffle, hop, ever onward, a metronome of physical movement that seemed at the same time hypnotic, surreal and eternal.  Geysers and fumarole-like eruptions occasionally burst forth from the surface, bringing surprise, then momentary relief from the shadows.
Several hours passed and the crews finally came to the edge of a sharply angled ice promontory, a ledge overlooking a narrow gulch.  Below the ledge, a rudimentary base camp had been erected.  
“Hallelujah,” a voice burst over the comm circuit.  
“Watch your step!” Sonora cautioned, for the ledge rocked slightly as more bodies came forward.
The camp had been grandly designated Europa Station.  Spread across the ravine floor were three domes, a row of PEPS shelters behind them.  The lander from J Station squatted on its four legs north of the camp, her flanks stenciled with faded lettering: Chaos Queen.  
South of the camp, ground had been plowed and prepared for the Farpool landing.  The bright but fluctuating column of the wormhole danced and writhed like a thing alive.
“I don’t see—”
But Charley’s words were cut short when the ground around the camp suddenly heaved and surged upward, giving way to a slow-motion shower of ice.  A massive geyser erupted directly beneath the camp domes, as the entire valley floor rumbled into motion.  Seconds later, more geysers shot out of seams and cracks in the ice, upending the domes, the lander and all the gear scattered around the camp.
Two domes had clearly cracked open as they were lifted skyward and bodies spilled out of the structure like limp dolls.  They died instantly in the eruption and hard vacuum of the Europan surface.  
“My God…watch out!”
Chaos Queen careened on her side in slow motion, her legs buckling as the ground beneath her landing struts gave way.
Only the Farpool itself survived, flickering, fluctuating, by turns iridescent blue-white and yellow-orange as its vortons compensated for the heaving ground.  The column swayed unsteadily in the rain of ice and debris but remained in sight.
That’s when the ledge on which the crews were watching the chaos below also gave way.  
Just before the ground on which she stood fell down the slope, Nasr Hamid leaped across a narrow chasm and shoved Charley back to firmer ground, knocking her sideways, then onto her back.  Her feet and legs clawed for purchase and she scrambled madly to keep from slipping down the slope.  
Hamid fell into a yawning crater in the ice, along with Miriam Sonora, and the two of them quickly disappeared in a shower of ice and dirt.
A throttled cry came over the comm circuit.
“Watch out!  It’s caving in--!”
The chasm boiled in dust and rubble as the canyon’s side walls collapsed in slow motion, shrugging off curtains of ice in great sheets.  Microgravity added a surreal underwater quality to the scene.
Ice and rock cascaded down the hill and the momentum of the collapse was accelerating as the walls sloughed off seam after seam of unstable material.
And caught squarely in the middle of the avalanche was the bobbing white helmet of Miriam Sonora, now nearly enveloped in debris as she lit off her suit boost, trying to propel herself out of the chasm before it caved in on her completely.
A steady shower of rubble, rock and ice fell into the chasm for twenty minutes.
“Miriam!  Miriam…can you hear me?”  Charley leaned out over the edge as far as she could, searching for light, movement, anything to indicate the trooper had survived the collapse.  “I’m not seeing anything.  Miriam Sonora…do you copy?  Miriam Sonora, comm check on channel one?”
Ice shards and dust billowed thick and blinding around the upper edges of the narrow canyon, forming staticky clumps as electrostatic discharges went off throughout the cloud.  
“Anybody getting a beacon signal?” Rey Diaz asked.  
“Nothing, Major.”  Nick Ng checked all bands.  Every hypersuit was equipped with an emergency locator.  “Not a thing…maybe her transmitter’s damaged—“
“I hope the suit’s not breached,” said Belket, Clipper’s navigator.
Charley could see the situation was bad, and getting worse.  Even though Europa had a minute level of gravity, the rocks and ice loosened in the avalanche still had their own inertia, enough to cause serious injury in a bad fall.  “Get back from the edge,” Charley reminded everybody.  “I don’t want to lose anybody else.  Everybody stay back until this thing stabilizes.”
Long tense minutes followed as the slow-motion collapse finally subsided.  When she was reasonably sure the worst was over, Charley had an idea.
“Nick, you still got that capsule of bots from the borer?”
Ng checked his gear.  “I do, Skipper.  On my web belt.  Only a few residual bots though.”
“Okay, get your bots reconfigured.  We’re going to use that swarm to tunnel down into that debris and find Sonora and Hamid.”
Ng had some misgivings.  “Is that safe, Skipper?  The bots may trigger another slide.  Maybe we should wait a little longer.”
Ng was right of course, but time was critical.  “If we wait any longer, Sonora and Hamid have no chance.  Get your bots reconfigged and launched now.”
“What about the camp survivors down there?” asked Rey Diaz.
“We’ll deal with them when we can.”
For the next few minutes, the edge of the chasm was thick with dust, ice and nanobotic swarms.  Ng rebuilt the master assembler for optimum tunneling efficiency…strengthening its bond breakers to rip apart solid lattice structures of pyroxene, feldspar and methane and water ice.
It was done in only a few minutes.  “Launching now,” he announced.  A diffuse blue white globe of light descended into the smoking canyon, heading for the top of the pile of talus and ice fall thirty meters below them.  
The nanoscale assembler began its descent on max propulsor toward the canyon opening, slamming loose atoms together in an exponential frenzy.  The intense blue-white glare soon drifted down and formed a miniature sunburst in the black mouth of the ravine.  The effect resembled some kind of weird sunset, slowly being swallowed up by the chasm.  Dust that still hung thick in Europa’s microgravity added streaks of red, yellow and green to the spectacle.
“Anything else we can do now, Charley?” asked Diaz.  “There must be something we can do.”
Charley told Nick to check swarm status on his wristpad; already the bots were returning acoustic soundings from the chasm walls.  Ng mumbled to himself, still audible over comms. “Config six-one alpha—good; on course---that’s good; max propulsor engaged and bond breakers in primed position—all good.”
“Now we wait,” he announced.  “Anything else we could do might make the situation worse.”
Charley told Diaz, “Keep trying to get them…try all bands.  Maybe we can get a signal through all that rock, give Nick’s bots something to home on.”
Diaz tapped out comm codes on his own wristpad.  “Trooper Hamid, Commander Sonora, this is Clipper pilot, Clipper SP Diaz, do you copy?  Commander Sonora, comm check, can you read me, over?  Trooper Hamid, broadcasting in the clear…all troopers report back immediately—“
Nothing came back.  Only static.  A growing sense of unease descended on the detail as they hung helplessly by the edge of the chasm, watching the borer bots at work, waiting.  Hoping.  Wondering.  

The glow of borer bot operations filled the upper banks of the chasm for nearly three hours.  In that time, the swarms penetrated some twenty-five feet into the rock fall and debris that had collapsed on Sonora and Hamid.  A narrow tunnel, less than four feet in diameter was bored out of the slide and Charley directed additional work be done at the top of the chasm to shore up the walls and the tunnel, to keep it from collapsing again.
“This ditch is pretty unstable,” agreed Rey Diaz.  “The sooner we can get to them, the better.”
“I’m betting this won’t be the last slide either,” Charley added.  
There was little for the rescue detail to do while the bots continued boring into the fallen rubble pile.
Nick Ng stood off to one side, quietly seeking assurances from his esteemed ancestors, muttering imprecations under his breath every so often.  Belket, Clipper’s Ponkti navigator, ran scans of the ground along the chasm banks, trying to find any more faults or seams, trying to reassure himself that another collapse wasn’t coming.  “This whole ledge could give way any moment,” he announced, to no one in particular.
Diaz was mildly annoyed.  “Save the good news for later…just keep that scan going.”
For his part, Charley occasionally linked in to watch Nick’s bots work from nanoscale range.  It was always the same: row after endless row of crystalline lattice, sizzling with staccato pops as the assemblers twisted and broke carbon bonds and worked their way ever deeper into the hole.  It was like hacking your way through dense jungle vine and underbrush, only this was a jungle that featured tetrahedral trees made of carbons and hydrogens and phosphate and silicon groups in dizzying profusion.
Charley had succumbed to her headaches and nodded off to a light doze when the first alert came from the bots over the quantum coupler link.  Nick ported the message to everybody over the crewnet.
***Sounding different structures ahead…detecting aspect change in lattice…returns indicate structure could be laminate armor…composition is--***
Charley came fully awake.  Laminate armor?  Like a hypersuit?  “Nick, have them display results of sounding…perform emissions analysis…spectrum pattern.”
The swarm sent the results back and Charley studied the patterns on her eyepiece.  The rest of the Detachment saw the same thing on theirs.
“That has to be a hypersuit,” Diaz said.  
They moved up to the borehole and began peering over the edge, down into the faint blue-white glow.
“Nick—“ Charley ordered, “tell them to change course…come to heading—“ she checked the soundings again, “—two one five degrees.  Slow to one quarter propulsor.  Bond disrupters to half extension.”
Ng sent the commands and got a quick response from the master bot.
***Changing course now…slowing to one quarter propulsor…detecting faint thermals, faint EMs***
Rey Diaz cried out.  “I’ve got a beacon!  It’s her locator beacon…faint, but it’s there all right.  We’ve got to get down there—“  Diaz started to fire up his suit boost but Charley held him back.
“Hold on, Rey…let them finish the borehole.  Scan those side walls…see if they’re stable enough to enter.”
Diaz sounded the shadowy borehole with acoustic pulses from his hypersuit.  “Detecting a few voids.  No relative motion.  She’s holding up.”
Belket had been on the other side, using his own swarms to shore up the walls of the chasm.  “Belket—get your bots around the tunnel entrance…keep shoring there.  Nick, get ready.  When Belket gives the word, I want you in that borehole.  Sonora and Hamid may both be down there.  Use your suit boost to pull them up and out…you’ll have to work with Belket to keep the path clear.”
Ng was already grabbing and attaching tools and rolls of dropline to his belt.  “Roger that, Captain.  I’ll get ‘em out—“
***Sounding for vital signs now…detecting vibrations ahead…still faint thermals…breaching final solid layers now…there…target has been reached …target is hypersuited trooper beacon number Q225577…sending soundings--***
“Only one beacon?” Charley asked.  “I saw Nasr slide into that hole too…he pushed me out of the way before he went down.”
Diaz put a calming hand on Charley’s arm.  “He may be buried deeper.  We’ll find him.”
Nick’s swarm had flooded the void in which Sonora was buried with acoustic pulses.  From the returns, a trained interpreter could read heart and lung vibrations, respiration products, a variety of vital signs.
“She’s weak,” Diaz announced, after studying the results.  “Weak but alive.  Looks like her body temp’s dropping…she’s probably in shock, or going into shock.  We need to get her out of there quickly.”
“Is her suit intact?  Any breaches?”
“Soundings indicate pressure’s holding…for now.”
Charley saw Nick Ng crouching on the precipice of the chasm, his booted legs only inches from the faint white flicker inside the borehole.
“Okay, Nick…in you go.  And the rest of you, keep those swarms shoring up the edges.  I don’t want the borehole to collapse.”
Ng lit off his suit boost.  His hypersuited body lifted a few feet over the ground in a swirl of dust, then translated smoothly over the center of the tunnel entrance.  Slowly, carefully with tweaks on his controller, he adjusted his thrust and gently lowered himself down into the hole.  It was going to be a tight fit.  Dust and ice chips fluttered outward in a fan-like spray as he disappeared.  When his helmet had dropped below the opening, a lone voice crackled over the crewnet.
Charley watched Ng disappear down the borehole.  “Keep those swarms cooking,” she ordered.  “Keep shoring up around that tunnel.  I don’t want another collapse.”
Diaz busied himself supervising the others.  “I guess all we can do now is wait.”
“Wait—“ said Belket “—and pray.”
Ng took the better part of an hour to gingerly slide down the borehole.  Presently, his voice came back over the crewnet.
“I’m in the void…my feet just broke through…bots have bored out just enough for me to turn…looks like…yeah, it’s Commander Sonora…don’t see anything in her visor…too dark in here—no sign of Nasr Hamid…yet“
“What’s her status?” Diaz asked.
“Unknown,” came the reply.  Nick Ng was twenty-five feet below them, in a narrow tunnel carved out of rock and ice fall and rubble.  Diaz knew the chasm walls could let go again at any moment.
“Rey—“ Charley reminded him, “we don’t have time to check her out…Nick has to bring her out now.”
“I know, I know…I just didn’t want to make her worse.  If she’s injured…if she’s got broken bones—“
“None of that will matter if we can’t get her out.  Nick, this is Meyer.  Can you hook up Sonora to your suit and start lifting her out?  I don’t like the looks of the chasm walls up here.”
Ng’s voice grunted and strained for a few moments.  Then:  “Got it, Skipper.  I got her shoulder eyelets hooked to my leg harness.  I’ll try a little boost here…see if I can take up the slack.”
Charley and Rey could both visualize the tight confines of the borehole.  Ng was having to do a lot of the work by feel alone.  
“—it’s working,” he reported.  “The line’s holding.  Looks like my boost can move her okay.  But it’s going to be a bumpy ride up.”
“Can’t be helped,” Charley told him.  “Bring her out, Nick.  Get going now.”  
“We’re on our way,” Ng finally reported.  “Ascending on one quarter boost…we’re coming up slowly and carefully.”
The ascent took nearly an hour and a half.  When the white helmet top of Nick’s hypersuit emerged from the flickering blue white dust of the borehole, a great cheer erupted from all the troopers gathered around.
Ng rose up through the borehole, dragging the prostrate form of Miriam Sonora with him.  He lifted over the edge of the chasm and hovered while other troopers disconnected Sonora from the makeshift sling and set her down gently on the ground.  Then Nick maneuvered to a landing himself a few feet away.
“She’s alive!” Diaz announced, peering into her helmet, faceplate to faceplate.  “But I see a lot of bruises…she’s probably in shock.”
“Check out her suit,” Charley ordered.  “Check O2, pressure, seals, everything.  Check her suit boost too. “
Diaz, Ng and Belket fussed over the fallen trooper for the next few minutes, checking everything.  There wasn’t much they could do for first aid inside the hypersuit.
“Looks like she’s got some open cuts and lacerations,” said Belket.  “She took one hell of a beating in that slide.”
Charley examined Sonora for herself.  Belket was right.  Sonora’s face was battered, puffy and blood-streaked. 
Ng had an idea. “I’ve got several configs stored in my suit for nanoderm patches.  I’ll get that going and load the master into her suit port.  Get her hooked up to my harness.  What about her suit boost?”
Belket had been checking every inch of Sonora’s suit.  “Intermittent.  Probably she sustained some valve damage in the fall.  Plus, most of the nitrogen’s leaked away.  Her suit boost is no-go.”
“Otherwise, her tin can’s holding up pretty well,” Diaz announced.  “This laminate’s pretty tough…it probably saved her life.”
“Any comms?”
“Negative, Skipper.  She’s pretty much out of it anyway.  She may have suffered head trauma.”
“Okay, Nick…it’s all up to us.  We’ll have to fashion some kind of litter and carry her ourselves.  Now let’s see about finding Hamid.”
Nick Ng descended into the borehole again but despite repeated and determined sounding, no trace of Nasr Hamid was ever found.  Charley ordered Ng back out of the hole.
She was crestfallen and not just over losing her pilot.  “He saved my life.  There has to be something we can do.”
Diaz checked the time.  “We’ve been out here on the surface for hours now.  My power cell’s low.  If our cells fail, we’ve got no radiation shielding., suit boost or anything.  Maybe we should get down there to Europa Station…come back later for Hamid.”
Charley reluctantly agreed.  “If we lose rad shields, we’re cooked.  Nasr—” how could she say this--”—it’s like he always wanted to be martyred.  Like his older brother.  I—”
Diaz put a hand on her shoulder.  “It was an accident.  Nobody’s fault.”
Charley sniffed back a few tears and told herself to straighten up. Her head was blanking out again…the syndrome…NO anoderm NO!  You’re the captain, for God’s sake, girl.  Suck it up.
“Let’s get down there to the bottom…give this ledge a wide berth.”
“That station doesn’t look too good,” Nick observed.  “After all the geysers—”
Nobody said a thing for nearly half an hour.  Meter by meter, the surviving crewmembers—Charley, Rey Diaz, Belket and an injured Miriam Sonora dragged behind in a makeshift litter—worked their way down the slope, slipping, sliding, nearly falling when more ground gave way…until they finally reached the bottom.  The ground here was strewn with pingos and ice blocks scattered about, and they could all feel shudders and vibrations beneath their feet.  
“More geysers,” said Diaz.  “They could erupt at any moment.”
“What’s happening down there?” asked Belket, of no one in particular.  He and Ng were handling the litter with Sonora.
Charley didn’t know.  “Ice movements.  Warmer ice rising, like a diapir.  The water seeks an opening, any kind of seam or loose ground and pow!”
“What causes the warming?”
Ng had an answer.  “Tidal flexing with Jupiter.”
“Or that beast down there,” added Belket.  
They reached the base camp.  It was clear that what had once been Europa Station—three domes, a line of PEPS shelters, the Chaos Queen—all had been wrecked by the last geyser eruption.
The hardest part was finding the bodies.  They stopped counting at eleven.
“She must have been a reporter,” Charley had found the lifeless form of Luci Byers, now mangled and desiccated in a single burst of explosive de-pressurization.  The pieces of a fly-sized dronecam lay scattered beside her.
“At least the Farpool seems to be working,” Diaz said.  “Kind of them to drop us a wormhole.”
Charley was suspicious.  She had worked with farpools for most of the last five years and she knew an unstable wormhole when she saw one.  
“I don’t like the looks of that one.  See how the light flickers and pulses.  It’s not stable.  It’s…” the blank came again and she shook her head, swearing under her breath. “…it’s not aligned.  Try contacting J Station again.  Let ‘em know we’re here and we need a pickup.”
Rey Diaz was momentarily concerned about Charley, about her reactions, but tried to forget it.  He tried for several minutes.  “Jupiter Station, Jupiter Station, this is surviving crew of Europa Clipper and Trieste, on the surface.  We’re low on power and exposed…need recovery immediately…J Station, J Station…this is a Level One emergency, J Station—”
But it was no use.  
Charley said, “Our comms just don’t have the range.  Maybe it’s our power cells.”
The rumbling beneath their feet grew stronger.
“It’s coming,” said Ng, just as a trio of geysers erupted all around them, spewing ice and water high into the sky.  Flower petals of ice rained down on them in slow motion and the ice under their feet heaved and shuddered.  More geysers burst from the ground and the wreckage of the station was surrounded by an ice storm, with the ground buckling, heaving and rocking.
“Maybe we can get to the lander!” cried Belket.  He waddled toward a gap in the geysers.
“Hey, get back here!” Charley yelled, but the Ponkti kept moving off, his mobilitor soon upended by the unstable ground.  He fell heavily to his side and couldn’t get up in all the shaking.
To Charley, there was only one place to go.  It was insane.  It was nuts.  It was suicidal.  But it seemed their only hope.  Maybe it was the syndrome that made her think this way.
“To the Farpool!” she yelled.  She grabbed Rey’s arm and dragged him on.
Behind them, Nick Ng struggled alone with Sonora’s litter, then in a panic, dropped the litter and bolted after them.
“You said it wasn’t safe!” yelled Diaz.  
“We don’t have a transfer pod!” added Ng, catching up.
“Your hypersuits will protect you!” she told them, though that was more a hope than a certainty.  “Come on!”
Ahead of them, the seething vortex that was the Farpool writhed and twisted like a thing alive, as it danced over the icescape, framed by more geysers and a sleet of ice and dirt. Charley held Rey Diaz’s arm as firmly as she could and they covered the undulating ground in just under a minute.
The wormhole flickered and pulsed and flashed like some kind of crazy stoplight, warning them, shifting back and forth across the ground.  Nearly five meters in diameter, Ng thought the thing resembled an angry python, lit up from within, blindingly bright even in the blizzard of geysers and ice flying everywhere.
As Charley and Rey approached the vortex, Charley thought she heard her suit comms chirp.  A staticky voice crackled in her headset, intermittent, barely understandable.
“…to enter the wormhole…do not…mpt…hole is unstable and not align—”
As more geysers erupted behind them, completely pulverizing what was left of Europa Station, showering them with ice and dirt, Charley Meyer and Rey Diaz walked and half dove into the seething heart of the vortex.  
In that instant, they were yanked into the wormhole, hoping and praying that somehow, some way, they would ‘land’ some place recognizable, some place survivable.


Chapter 10

Equatoria Free State
Chichen Itza Township
Somewhere in the Southeast Pacific
Midtober 7, 2415 (Solix/ Earth U.T.)
Unknown Kv (Epoch of Kel’vishtu)

The first thing Charley recognized were clouds.  Bright white, puffy, cumulus clouds, drifting by, scudding over their heads.  The sun was out, warm, and breezes seemed to be blowing.  But something was up with the Sun…there looked to be two suns.  No, that had to be a reflection.  She unlatched her helmet and quickly got a wave of salty water in her face…she was afloat and drifting in the middle of the ocean.
Something bumped against her and she was startled.
It was Reynaldo Diaz, still barely conscious in his hypersuit.
No more geysers.  No more ice.  No more radiation.  No more swollen Jupiter filling half the sky.  Somehow—she wasn’t sure she could explain this, even to herself—they seemed to have made it to Earth.
Or at least it looked like Earth.
Then she craned her head up and saw what looked like a huge island moving at high speed right for them.
“Rey!  Rey—” she poked at his arm.  “Rey, wake up!  Rey—”
Diaz stirred groggily, realized where he was and tried sitting up, only to find himself sinking.  He flailed for a few seconds, until Charley calmed him down.
“Hey…hey!  Stop floundering around…your suit’ll keep you buoyant.  But what the hell is that?”
Once he had calmed down, Rey studied the island.  But it wasn’t really an island.  It was a ship.  Or a platform.  Or something else—
“I don’t know.  It’s coming right at us.”  He started waving.  Charley decided that was a good idea and the two of them flailed and waved and yelled to get somebody’s attention.
The island was easily several kilometers in breadth, topped with man-made structures, towers, buildings, parks and surrounded by a halo of flyers, airboards and scooters and other winged craft, like a swarm of mosquitos.  
It looked a lot like Muir City, but vastly bigger, and floating free, under its own power.
They looked in several directions and found domes and pavilions and floatways and more domes, interspersed with cylindrical structures and pyramids and cones, a geometric forest of cubes and humps and tent-like coverings, all of it crammed and pungent with noisy, honking, bellowing, clicking, snorting life…”--this doesn’t look like Muir City at all.”
Fortunately, the island seemed to have heaved to and was no longer closing on them.
That’s when they saw the birds.
Only they weren’t exactly birds.  They were winged craft, swooping and diving directly over their heads, vaguely pterodactyl in appearance, gossamer wings flapping gently in the thermals.  Two of them descended to the water’s surface, scant meters away.  Some kind of canopy swung open.  Charley and Rey looked at each other.
“I think they want us to climb in,” Rey offered. 
Charley didn’t hesitate.  “Well, we can’t very well stay floating around out here like seaweed.  Come on.”
Each climbed into a separate craft.  The canopies closed and the ships lifted off, wheeling about in formation.  They sped off toward the island, which Charley realized had to be some kind of city or settlement at sea.
When her rescue craft crossed over the outer threshold of the island and began corkscrewing down for a landing, she saw a sign saying….

WELCOME TO THE FREE SEA STATE OF EQUATORIA
“VITA EST MARE”

The rescue birds slowed and were physically shoved through a ‘curtain’ of water, then deposited by the water grapple on a slick, glistening deck, inside of a vast hangar.  Charley and Diaz were soon greeted by an anxious welcoming committee. 
Their greeters approached and a tall, white-haired woman stepped forward.  Charley noticed she was clearly amphib, as were most of the people she saw.  Some had dorsal fins, even rump tails, but all seemed modified for life in and around the sea.  The woman had prominent gill sacs, even now flexing in and out, armfins, delicate webbing around her moccasin-like shoes and she smiled a bemused smile at Rey as he took the last steps off the ladder.
“Welcome to Equatoria,” said the woman.  “Excuse the way we had to bring you in…it was better this way.  You’d get lost in our city otherwise.  By the way, I’m Christine Olmstead.  Director-Superior of Equatoria.”
A man had joined her.  He was shorter, stouter, heavily muscled, with prominent arm fins and pistons for legs.  
“Ah yes--” the Director continued, “this is Lachlan Bannock.  Our Guardian General.  Most of the Council is here with us too.  You’ll meet all of them in time.”
Charley looked around, looked at Rey, who shrugged, and said, “Where, exactly, is this place?”
Olmstead smiled again.  Her face was modified as amphib, she could see that, but the modifications were both more extensive and more subtle than the amphibs she’d known.  Her nose was wider, her eyes deeper, with extra folds and eyelids, her ears rather large flaps turned more forward.  Her skin glistened with a sheen of fluid and Charley saw the wet seemed to emanate from small sacs, almost invisible, all around her chest and arms.  She seemed in all ways well adapted to a marine existence, but clearly able to survive just fine in air as well.  
“Actually, you’re coming rather surprised us.  We hadn’t seen anyone use the old Farpool in decades.  Your arrival caused quite a stir.  To answer your question, in your time, you would know this ‘place’ as one of the newly sovereign sea states.  Of course, that was hundreds of years ago.  Today—” she spread her arms, showing the full spread of the thin, almost translucent webbing beneath her shoulders, “we call all of this Equatoria.”
“The Free State of Equatoria,” reminded Guardian General Bannock.  “Director, we should take them inside…a more secure place.”
“Are we under arrest?” Rey asked, eyeing the weapons surrounding them.
“No not at all…just follow Guardian Bannock and his squad,” said Director Olmstead.  “They’ll take you to your quarters, where you can freshen up.”
Bannock turned to converse with one of his aides, which immediately caught Rey’s attention.  They had a brief, animated conversation, with much gesturing, all of it directed at Rey.  
Wonder what that’s about? Rey asked himself.  Did I not dress for the occasion?  He couldn’t wait to get out of the battered hypersuit.
Charley and Rey were escorted out of the hangar and onto a large open lift, which bore them upward inside a transparent tubeway for many minutes.  They passed dozens of levels, promenade decks, more hangars, obvious residential quarters and cubicles, open plazas and parks, even miniature woodland vistas, all of them built on, in and around the rocky but clearly artificial slopes of Equatoria, but on a scale never imagined in earlier times.
In time, the tubeway lift took them high above the surface—it was early morning, from the sun angle—but the light was different, shadowy, a different color and more diffuse, despite the clear sky.  
And there was the matter of that second sun on the horizon.
“I don’t understand,” said Charley.  “The sun looks different.  And what’s that light on the horizon?”
Director-Superior Olmstead turned serious.  “Our world isn’t like yours, unfortunately.  The sun you’re familiar with is changing.  I wish I could say we understand it, but we don’t.  We did cause it…many years ago, there was a project.  The engineers were certain they knew a way to increase First Sun’s output.  It was foolproof, they said.  Can’t miss.  We can do this.  Unfortunately, First Sun was more complicated than they imagined today.  Something happened…we’re still trying to figure it out.  We’ve been trying to figure it out for a century now.  Let me just say this: First Sun is dying.  It’s growing larger, spewing lethal radiation everywhere.  We can’t live on the surface now, not for long, not unprotected.  So we live down here, or belowground, most of us that are left, that is.”
Rey was amazed.  “You live below the sea, below the ground?  All of you?”
“Most of us, at least from the time of the Purple plague,” Olmstead admitted.  “The engineers said: okay…we messed up.  First Sun didn’t work.  But we know how to shut it down.  Now we need another sun…a Second Sun, to make things like they were.  It was simple, they said.  Like turning off a water faucet.  Bank the nuclear fires of First Sun and light off Second Sun.”
“Second Sun?”
“Yes, you would know it as the planet Jupiter.  The engineers found a way to stream materials from Saturn, Uranus, Neptune, all the out worlds onto Jupiter.  Increase its mass.  Make it big enough to initiate fusion.  Then ignite the whole shebang.  So they did.”  Here Olmstead’s face darkened again.  “Again, they miscalculated.  Second Sun ignited okay.  But it’s too small, not enough light to be helpful.  First Sun’s expanding, shedding itself, frying the inner solar system with lethal radiation.  And Second Sun’s not bright enough.  Too far away.”  She shrugged, looked over at Bannock, as the lift slowed to a stop.  “So, with that and all the flooding and sea level rise, we live on or below the sea now.  And below the ground.”
The lift came to a stop at a level several hundred meters above the sea surface.  They left the lift, all of them together, and entered a broad corridor, carpeted and lined with statuary.  As they moved along, the windows darkened all around them and lights came on along the walls.  They were above the sea, but somehow shielded from the worst effects of First Sun overhead.   
Olmstead left and Bannock summoned them to follow.  The Guardian-General had seen to it that a small escort squad had formed around Charley and Rey.  One escort in particular kept a close and curious eye on Rey, an unnerving development.
“Just follow me,” the Guardian General said.
They rode more lifts, this time down, and traveled through a confusing labyrinth of corridors, vestibules, plazas and platforms.  In time, they came to a corridor of clearly residential units.  Bannock ordered one to be opened.
“We can only spare one, this one,” he announced.  He waved them in, then brusquely ordered one of the escorts to stay behind.  “Explain the rules, Jordi.”  Then Bannock left with the rest of the escorts.
Charley and Rey entered the apartment, which was comfortably if sparsely furnished.  It did have an impressive view of the seas around Equatoria.
The remaining escort introduced himself.  “I’m Jordi Tagano.  I’ll be your contact with the rest of Equatoria.”
Rey Diaz sniffed.  “I suppose you’re either a concierge or a prison guard.”
Tagano smiled.  “Maybe a little of both.  But really, is that any way to talk to your descendant?”
Rey turned about abruptly.  “Descendant?”
Tagano’s smile broadened.  “I had your biosignatures run when we rescued you.  General Bannock approved it.  It seems, Senor Reynaldo Diaz, that you and I are distantly related.  On your papa’s side…Senor Osvaldo, I believe he was.”
Hearing that, Rey stared at Tagano for a long moment, then groped for a seat, placing his butt down hard on a sofa.
“I’m not sure I understand.  How--?
Tagano brushed back dark brown curls from his eyes.  His pencil moustache twitched with mirth.  He came into the apartment and shut the door behind him.  “Maybe I should explain, yes?”
Coming through the Farpool from the surface of Europa, Charley and Rey had returned to Earth all right, but not in their original time, for they had only their hypersuits and no way to control the transfer through the wormhole.
They had arrived 225 years into their future.  It was now 2415 AD, Tagano assured them.  The Earth, already devastated by the plague called Purple, was now almost completely flooded with only a few islands left.  Most humans were gone.  One Metah ruled everything…a descendant of Orkuleema kim of kel: Ponk’et.  Mostly Urku Seomish and Amphibs were left.  Worse, a large formation of unknown origin, a cloud, a swarm, nobody really knew, was thought to be approaching the outer solar system, seemingly intent on assimilating everything.  A religious creed called Assimilationism was rampant, on Earth and around the solar system, among humans, Amphibs and Seomish (Urkish). A celebrity named Froghead had risen to prominence, part-android and part-Amphib, espousing this creed.  
“Equatoria is headed south,” Tagano went on, warming to the tale.  All three of them had taken seats, Charley and Rey rapt in their attention.  “We’re headed for a work site off the west coast of what was once called South America.  A group of islands called Atacama High Bay.”  Tagano looked down at his feet.  “Once, Atacama was a high desert.  But now—” he shrugged.  “You know…the floods came.”
“What’s happening there?” Charley asked.
Tagano brightened.  “I’ve taken a new job.  Engineering.  In fact, my title is Provisioning and Sustainment Engineer.  For the Expeditionary Office, you know.”  He shrugged and smiled a bit ruefully.  “Working with Bannock has been---well, let’s just say it was always just temporary.”
Charley found herself intrigued.  “Expeditionary Office?  What kind of expedition?”
“The official name is now Expool.  Extreme pool, actually Extreme Farpool, to be precise.”
“An extreme farpool?   A new kind of wormhole, is that right?”
Tagano nodded.  He gestured at what looked like a painting on the wall, but the painting was a display screen and came alive.  A few more gestures brought up a short animation of the Expool.  
“We’ve located it here in the Atacama Islands because the singularity is particularly strong.  We’re away from populated areas here.  The Ponkti won’t bother us here.  In fact, there are some who say that if we start up the Expool, it’ll start eating the Earth, like a black hole.  Most engineers don’t believe that, but we want to be sure.”
Charley explained her background as a jump captain with the Farpool Service.”
Tagano scoffed.  “Oh, that.  Yeah, that’s old stuff.  Ancient to us.  The Expool has a new kind of singularity at its core.  Greater range, greater sustainability, easier to control.  At least, that’s the theory.”
Reynaldo Diaz watched Tagano explain things.  “How do you know we’re related, anyway?”
Tagano took up the challenge.  “Your face.  Your mannerisms.  Look, we can prove it.  Give me a hair from your head.”
Hesitantly, Rey plucked a black strand from the side of his head.  He gave it to Tagano who promptly deposited the strand in a small compartment on the side of his wristpad.  He tapped a few keys.  The thing whirred and chirped for a few moments and soon spat out a chart on its display.  Tagano showed it to both of them and explained.
“Gene sequencer.  We’ve got DNA matches to three standard deviations.  Anything that doesn’t match is an outlier, a random mutation.  We’re related, all right.  On your mother’s side.”
While Rey tried to wrap his head around that, Charley had more questions.
“So you’re developing this new farpool, this Expool.  What do you plan to do with it?”
Tagano turned away and went to a huge picture window.  He pointed to some distant peaks poking up above the horizon, nearly lost in low-lying clouds.
“Equatoria’s already near her port of call.  Those peaks are the Atacama Highlands.  All this—” he swept his arms across the vista, “used to be the Andes Mountains.  Right now, we’re cruising over the coast of Chile.  You see what has happened here?  There’s so little land area left on Earth, we’ve become marine people.  Almost like your old Seomish friends, the ones who emigrated here several hundred years ago.”
Charley had grown up hearing the stories from her grandfather Chase Meyer. “The Seomish came here through the Farpool because they had to.  Their sun was dying.”
Tagano nodded.  “So it is with us.  Only we did this to ourselves.  Look—” his face was earnest, almost pleading, “there’s a major cooperative effort now underway.  It’s funny how it takes an existential threat to unite people.  A project has been developed---it’s called Operation Trappist.  The effort involves some of the few remaining Humans, some Amphibs and even some Urkish—old Seomish to you.  The Expool has been designed and is intended as a gateway to another world.  The plan is to begin migrating mass numbers from the solar system to several habitable worlds known to exist in the Trappist-1 system.  That’s about forty light years from here.  The project leader is a man named Kemal Rossi.  Perhaps I can introduce you.”
“But there must be plenty of places for you to go in this system,” Charley said.  “Even in our time, there were dozens of settlements, free-space communities to emigrate to.”
Tagano held up a hand.  “Let me show you something else.”  He tapped his wristpad, which instantly projected a 3-d image rotating in mid-air among them.  “This is a recent recording.”
Charley and Rey watched the image.  It seemed to show nothing, just stars set against the black backdrop of space.   
“I don’t see anything.”
“Watch closely.”
Even as they watched a very faint veil seem to cloak one corner of the image, slightly distorting and fading some of the stars.  
“You mean that darkening.  A gas cloud, maybe?”
Tagano shook his head.  “If only.  That darkening is what we call KBA-1.  Kuiper Belt Anomaly.  We don’t know exactly what it is…a cloud, a swarm, a monster from outer space.  Long range scans from our Sentinel system indicate it is…and I’m quoting from the official reports: ‘Long-range scan indicates that the formation is a diffuse cluster of discrete elements of mean size approximately twenty-five nanometers main dimension…smaller than normal dust particles.  Detecting increased energy levels in certain electromagnetic bands, consistent with assembler activity as we understand it.  Probability that this formation is a swarm of nanobotic elements now approaching seventy four percent.’”  Tagano looked up from his wristpad.  “Whatever it is, it’s coming our way.  And our historians tell us that something that happened in your time triggered it.”
Charley blinked.  “What exactly are you saying?”
Tagano sat down heavily, and with a hand, indicated Rey and Charley should do likewise.  A small housebot—“I call him Howie,” Tagano said, trundled by with some drinks and snacks.  
“Look, this is why seeing Reynaldo was so important.  It’s a matter of historical record that Reynaldo Diaz was a crew member aboard a ship called Europa Clipper.  Is that not right?”
Rey nodded.  “Commissioned as pilot under Miriam Sonora.”
Tagano helped himself to some of Howie’s canapes and munched.  “It’s also a matter of historical record that Europa Clipper encountered some kind of unexplainable phenomenon deep in the ocean of Europa.  Am I telling the truth, Rey?”
Rey nodded again.  “We thought it was ice at first.  Then sediment from the seabed.  Then we realized it was a swarm of something that had risen from the deep ocean and was moving on our position.  That’s when we were attacked.  Another ship—”
Tagano interrupted.  “Yes, yes, the Ponkti ship.  But what we now know is that what rose from the deep wasn’t ice or sediment or sea worms or anything like that.  It was an advance scout for what you just saw coming toward us from deep space.  What you may not realize is that somehow Europa Clipper’s presence there triggered a signal.  The advance scout signaled Big Mama out there and now she’s coming this way.  The Assimilationists like Froghead even call it the Mother Swarm.  And it’s already consuming small bodies in the Kuiper Belt.  Every effort to block or divert that massive swarm has failed.  Right now, it’s on an intercept course for the inner solar system.  And it’s consuming or absorbing or disassembling everything in its path.”
Charley and Rey looked at each other in stunned silence for a few moments.  
“I wish there was something we could do,” Charley offered.
Tagano got up and shoo’ed Howie off to the kitchen.  “Maybe there is.  I’ve got some meetings to attend this afternoon.  We’ll be taking up our final position for the Expool test phase  by tomorrow.  You two stay here, please.  Bannock takes a dim view of uninvited visitors roaming around the city.  Maybe I can introduce you to Kemal Rossi.  Charley, with your background in Farpool Service, your knowledge of the older systems could still be invaluable.”
With that, Tagano left the apartment.  On a hunch, Rey tried the door.  It was locked with no obvious way to open it.  Charley tried asking Howie how to exit the apartment but the housebot was more concerned with refreshing their drinks and taking lunch orders.  She gave up for the moment and stood with Rey at the veranda window, watching the huge island’s final maneuvers as it gingerly positioned itself against a long jetty extending from the base of Atacama Island.  There were audible bumps and scrapes as the maneuvering continued for several hours.
Rey noticed dome-like structures on the top and sides of some of the barren hills beyond the jetty.
“I believe those used to be observatories.  This place was a major center for astronomical research.”
“Now it’s practically flooded,” Charley said.  “I hope the Ponkti are happy.  Now they seem to have an entire ocean world at their command, almost like old Seome.”
“You believe what Jordi’s saying?  About that swarm of bugs.  And what Europa Clipper did?”
“Well, you did encounter something in the Europan ocean, didn’t you?”
Rey sniffed, drew closer to Charley.  “Yeah, a Ponkti ship trying to blow us out of the water.”
Charley shook her head, subconsciously leaned a little into Rey’s chest.  They snuggled a bit, standing before the window.  “I don’t know what to think about all this.  Or what to do.”  She looked up at Rey.
“What?”
Charley sat down on the sofa, put her head in her hands.  “I don’t know, Rey.  I think somehow, I may be getting voidtime syndrome.  I’ve got some of the symptoms.”
“You’re nuts.”  
“Maybe I am.”  She explained how she had stopped at BrightSky Gardens on the Moon to visit an old time jumper.  “It’s what the nurse said that stayed with me…” 
“…Gardner-Durnstein is ultimately terminal.  It’s just the brain’s reaction to flitting in and out of voidtime, like time jumpers do.  Occupational hazard, I guess.  The syndrome starts with effects on long-term potentiation and the body’s circadian rhythms. It gets worse from there. The nature of Gardner-Durnstein Syndrome is progressive deterioration of a sufferer’s hippocampal and amygdala synaptic links, particularly in the medial-temporal lobe, interfering with most forms of memory formation and retention.  There have been hundreds of studies and papers.  I’ve read many, scanned most and decided that they all say the same thing in different ways: ‘we don’t know why voidtime affects these centers…the mechanism is poorly understood.”  True, medbots could be and were often deployed to slow down the syndrome, re-build shattered links.  But long term, the result was the same.”
Charley lifted her face up and looked grimly at Rey.  “I’ve been having the same symptoms, Rey.  Look at my hands—” they were shaking slightly—“…tremors.  Dry mouth and headaches.  Memory lapses.”
“You’ve been through a lot, Gilly Girl.  We both have.  That would shake up anyone.”  
“I wish I could believe that.  But all these—these symptoms—they’re following the classic progression of voidtime shakes.  I know it.  I just don’t want to—” she pleaded at him with her eyes…”—to face it, I guess.  Maybe I have to.  I’ve been through a hell of a lot of wormholes and farpools over the years.  I don’t know—”
Rey half laughed.  “Hey forget it, okay?  Look…we’ve got the place to ourselves for the afternoon.  And we’ve got Howie.  I have an idea—“his fingers found their way to her face.
Charley bit one of them playfully. 
“Ouch!”
“How about lunch first, beefjerk?  We need to talk.  Decide some things.  Then later…maybe—”
They ordered another round of drinks and had Howie whip up soup and sandwiches.

They sat together in silence and munched before the veranda.  Outside, clouds had gathered and a dense fog began rolling in, obscuring their view of the hillside and port complex.
Wordlessly, Charley led Rey by hand to a bedroom and they fell into each other’s arms.  There wasn’t much cuddling.
For many minutes, Charley and Reynaldo said nothing, just enjoying the view and being close to each other.  Howie’s drinks had been sharp but smooth…a little gin concoction Rey had showed the bot how to make from his family’s recipe back in Barcelona.
“Hey, Rey…tell me the truth, okay?  Doesn’t all this get to you?  I mean, the floods, that swarm of bugs or whatever out there—"
“I live for the moment, Gilly Girl.  That’s megaball.  There’s always another play.”
She stared up at his eyes.  “You dope, you haven’t played ball in years.  But I guess there’s only one Reynaldo Diaz…and thank goodness for that.  I don’t think I could handle more than one.”
After that, he was on top of her, right on the verandah floor, in full view of the buzzing traffic and the clouds and the warm sun and the fragrant breezes strong even in the fog. “Gilly Girl, you can’t even handle this one….”
“Oh, yeah?” she whispered in his big floppy ears.  “Just try me, beefjerk.  I’ve been cooped up in a hypersuit the last few days.”

After some frantic love-making and then languidly enjoying each other for a few hours, both of them lay still on blankets, still on the verandah floor, straw mats askew.  Charley closed her eyes, taking in the smells—Rey’s deodorant…Lion Lips somethingorother…the sea breezes…the faint tang of the gin vapors still on his breath.
Rey’s voice startled her out of a pleasant reverie.
“What do you think we should do?”
Charley sighed.  He just could not let the moment be.  And the truth was she didn’t really know…not anymore.  “Well, you know two hundred years ago at the SPACETRAIN terminal, you ran off without saying good-bye.”
“That’s not an answer and you know it.”  Rey got up and padded off to the kitchen, where he had Howie fix some drinks.  Rey came back with the tray himself, leaving Howie buzzing and whirring in consternation.
Charley was already sitting on a sofa, idly playing with her webbed feet and toes.  “Maybe we could start by sticking together this time.  I don’t know if it’s Fate or karma or the quantum physics of wormholes, but you and I always seem to wind up together.”  She accepted Rey’s drink and sipped thoughtfully.  “I’ll tell you the truth, I don’t plan on staying here any longer than necessary.  There’s nothing on this watery hellhole for Amphibs now.”
“Humans either.”
“Maybe we should take your cousin up on his offer.  Meet this Kemal Rossi guy.  Maybe we should find a way to get involved in this Operation Trappist.”

Jordi Tagano was as good as his word, for the next day, he conveyed Charley and Rey to the Project offices, near the top of a slender spire of a tower, on the very edge of the Equatoria platform.  The tower resembled a twisted blade, rotated as it rose into the sky.
Rossi was a squat, former wrestler of a director, bald as a cue ball with a luxurious black moustache twitching at the corners of his mouth.  He had a crushing handshake.
“Jordi’s already filled me in,” he explained. “Plus, I pulled up your records from our archives.”  He nodded at Rey.  “It’s quite an honor to have a crewmembere from the famous Europa Clipper mission.  It’s not every day history comes alive like this.” He ushered them to a small settee of sofas and couches, with a stunning view through light fog of the dock area.  Out one window, a barge was towing a heavy platform further out to sea.
Seeing Charley’s interest, Rossi explained.
“That’s the caisson for our new singularity core.  Also, the containment vessel.  Once it’s anchored in place, we’ll airlift the core and drop it in.”
Charley studied the arrangement.  She tried to envision the evolution of core containment from its earlier designs, designs from the 23rd century, designs she was well familiar with.
“You’ve called this thing an Extreme Farpool.  What’s so different from our time?”
Rossi grinned, like a predator before pouncing on its prey.  “I was hoping you’d ask that.  It’s all in the physics.  Expool has better entanglers—a new design.  Better convergers too.  Our T buffers are completely different from what you know.  Altogether different principle.  The end result is that the farpool vortex is deeper and stronger…and easier to navigate.  It has a greater controllable range.  Once our new jumpship’s ready, we’ll be sending her on a test mission to the Trappist-1 system.  That’s forty lightyears from here.  We’ve identified from scans made by DeepEye that the Trappist-1e world is definitely habitable and the mission will be final proof of that and how safe and navigable the passage to it is.”
“I’d like to see that ship,” Charley admitted.
This made Rossi beam.  He slapped his knee.  “I was hoping you’d say that.  She’s in a hangar down at the sub-07 level, being fitted out now.”  He studied Charley like a lab specimen.  “Ms. Meyer, your record says you had five years with the old Farpool Service…before dropping into our laps here.”
“Jump captain for three of those years,” Charley admitted.  “I was on a rescue mission to find Europa Clipper when—”
Rossi waved her quiet.  “Yes, yes, we know all that.  It’s ancient history.  Come on…I’ll take you down to the hangar.  I’ve already cleared it with General Bannock.”
The three of them took a lift directly from the Project offices to a vast hangar belowdecks, nearly at sea level.   On the ride down through several lifts and tubeways, Charley had more questions.
“Sir, this KBA…I’d like to know more.  What do you know about it?”
Rossi’s face turned serious.  “Ah, yes, KBA.  Kuiper Belt Anomaly.  We think it’s the same thing your Europa Clipper mission, and the Ponkti mission to Europa, uncovered.  Or perhaps I should say disturbed.  Not long after Clipper and the rescue mission, the Europa anomaly rose all the way to the surface of that world.  We think it sent some kind of encrypted signals outward.  Less than fifty years later, our sensors and the DeepEye scopes detected a large formation of something moving toward the solar system, on an intercept course.  We couldn’t at first resolve exactly what it was—a gas cloud, a swarm of meteors or small planetesimals, a dust veil.  Then once KBA started moving into the outer Oort cloud, it began consuming everything in its path.  We sent several probes in that direction.  Most didn’t survive.  But one, Odyssey, got close enough.  That little guy found that the Kuiper Belt Anomaly was nothing less than a vast swarm of nanoscale robots and they were disassembling anything they encountered.”  Rossi led them through a small hallway lined with paintings and statuary to another lift, this one keyed to a bioscan of his hand.  Down they went.  The Director continued.
“So, we knew we had a first-class emergency on our hands, when we learned that.  Word got out.  People found out.  That’s when this Froghead character appeared on the scene and the whole Assimilationist crap exploded.  We even sent a manned ship out to take a closer look.  Got a small farpool corridor set up from Phobos station at Mars to Sputnik Planitia, Pluto.  The Michelangelo, that was.  In fact—” Rossi snapped his fingers, “Commander Hawley may be down here today.  He commanded Big Mike.  He was scheduled to do a briefing for our crew volunteers today.”
 They reached the sub-07 level and entered the hangar complex.  It was a vast space, with bay doors open to the sea at one end.  Scaffolding and catwalks crisscrossed the space like spider webs.  Machinery noises and a persistent hum counterpointed with the percussive blows of impact tools assaulted their ears.  Workers, bots and flying tool drones were everywhere.
“There she is,” Rossi said proudly, leading them to a small elevated platform near the sea doors.  “We haven’t decided on a name yet…that’ll be for the christening.”  Draped in thick ganglia of cables and wiring, surrounded by scaffolding, the jumpship looked like a big watermelon on steroids.
Charley went up to her hull and did a slow walkaround, trailed by Rey Diaz and Rossi.  
“Definitely a jumpship,” she muttered to herself, admiring her lines and features.  “Those must be something like flow vanes,” she added.  “Dive planes there…look at that tailpod…so small—”
Rossi enjoyed her puzzlement.  “Smaller than you’re used to, I’m sure.  With the Expool, she needs only the slightest touch to change course inside the vortex.  And you won’t have seen these before—” he indicated a patch of small blister-like bumps surrounding her tailpod.
Charley studied the bumps.  “Sensors?”
“Vortrons.  When these are active, this ship can actually change the depth and vorticity of the wormhole, on her own.  They run off her internal convergers.  With these, you can enter the farpool and navigate like any jumpship, then if you want to, change the most basic characteristics of the wormhole to send yourself to any place in time and space that the core itself will support.”
“Shut up,” Charley marveled.  “I wish we’d had these on my ships.”
Rey Diaz could tell by Charley’s reaction that she was already sold on the idea of captaining this craft.  He nudged her in the side and got a big grin in response.
“Rey, this is so wild.  I’ve got to have one of these.  But she looks smaller than our ships.”
Rossi acknowledged that.  “She is.  Probably about sixty percent the size of ships from your era.  Smaller crew too.  Now, we only need four: a commander, a pilot, navigator and engineer.  She’s mostly automated.  Would you like to go aboard?”
“Are the oceans wet?  You bet.”
Rossi was already discussing access with a supervisor, when a shout from behind could be heard over the whine and thump of tools.
Rossi turned around.  “That’s Hawley.  You need to meet him.  Follow me.”
Forgetting the ship for the moment, Rossi led Charley and Rey toward a tall, lanky sandy-haired man with piercing cobalt-blue eyes.
“Commander Cory Hawley,” Rossi did the introductions.  “Commander, these are our unexpected guests.”
They shook hands, Hawley noticeably leery about touching Charley’s scaly fingers, but Charley brushed it off.  She was used to it.  But Rey Diaz scowled and positioned himself a bit closer.
“Let’s head for the Engineering offices,” Rossi suggested.  
Inside the paneled offices of the Engineering Division, Rossi commandeered a small conference room.  He turned on the vids and displays.
“Hawley here commanded Big Mike on our first—and to date, only—encounter with the Bugs.”
Charley shook her head.  “Bugs?”
“KBA,” Hawley said, matter-of-factly.  “We call ‘em Bugs.”
Rossi was busy tapping keys on a small control panel.  “I think we’ve got the debriefing footage here…and the vids from your mission.”
Charley sized up Hawley.  “You actually flew a ship out into this swarm thing?”
Hawley nodded, closed his eyes, remembering.  “Oh, better than that.  We had a primary mission of setting down a grid of sensors beyond Pluto, patched in to a control station on Sedna, a little rockpile of a planetesimal even further out.  We had to lay down the grid, then set up the station with a landing party.  So we took Big Mike through a farpool from Phobos Station, Mars to Pluto and boosted outbound from there.  That’s when we ran into some kind of advance force of Bugs already that close in, well inside the Kuiper Belt—”
“Ah,” said Rossi, “here it is.  Big Mike’s adventures in outer space.  Watch the monitors….”
Charley and Rey looked on with Cory Hawley and Kemal Rossi, as a slightly pixelated 3-d image emerged from a projector stud on the table and came into focus right over their heads, the time and place stamp hovering over all….

Aboard the Michelangelo (UNS-212)
Trans-Pluto Trajectory P-24
Post-Boost + 25 days
2245 hours (U.T.)

Dietrick Vogel finished off his beer in the ship’s galley and belched.  He stared out the porthole nearby, not that there was anything to see hundreds of millions of miles from nowhere.  Black space.  The Great Beyond.  He might as well have been inside the closet of his bunk compartment on B Deck, for all there was to look at.  He glared back at Roy Favors, who was nibbling up scraps of his sandwich and eyeing the clock on the bulkhead.  They were both due at their duty stations in less than ten minutes.  
“I’m telling you, Roy, that Commander Liu’s different, somehow.  I can’t put my finger on it, but she’s just plain weird.  You spend time on A Deck…you telling me you ain’t seen
that?”
“She’s an officer…what do you expect?  They’re all different…like a different species.”
Vogel eyed the clock, decided he’d better get down to B deck, where his shift as a Systems Tech 1 was set to start in less than ten minutes.  “I dunno…this whole mission’s messed up.  Destination all hush-hush…crew cobbled together from every vacuumhead who can lift a wrench…headed out to places nobody in his right mind would go…off the friggin’map, if you ask me.  I feel like Columbus’s crew in 1492, sailing right off the edge of the world.”
Favors just stared morosely into his drink.  “Nobody made you sign up…we’re all volunteers here.  Why’d you come aboard?”
“Money, same as you.  Cripes, I got debts…got that big lifter back on Earth.  Plus a neat little sailer for the ocean…somebody’s got to pay for all that crap.  And my oldest…Rico…you know he’s headed off to college.  All that Ed-Net stuff and nobody can afford those stimplants anymore.  So he’s got to get his fat butt into class and on-line.”
Vogel left for B Deck and Favors just sat there wondering.  Big Mike was only three weeks out of Phobos Station, after transiting the Farpool, on a speed run to deep space, and already the gripes and the whining had started.  Maybe Dietrick was right.   The whole mission was cursed.  You didn’t have to prowl Big Mike’s gangways, corridors and decks for long to get a strong whiff of foreboding, a sense of unease among the crew.  Some said the whole thing was a hunt for ghosts, cobbled together at the last minute, doomed to fail.  Commander Liu didn’t make matters any better.  
Captain Hawley’s exec was a known hardass, even allowing for the great legs, the high cheekbones and exotic eyes.  She was a looker but like Vogel said, she was serious bad news and she didn’t belong on an old cycler heading off to the Great Beyond.  She was greener than fresh puke and meaner than a snake.  He couldn’t quite put his finger on it, but most of the crew had taken an instant dislike to her.  Crews were like that.  They could sniff out phonies and ass-kissers in no time and Victoria Liu gave everybody the creeps.
Favors had to admit he was one of them.  There was an aloofness, a kind of regal distance to the way she comported herself, like she didn’t belong and she knew it but she wasn’t going to lower her guard to acknowledge the obvious.  UNISPACE Frontier Corps officers were strange beings from another dimension…everybody already knew that.
Victoria Liu was the strangest being he’d ever seen in twenty-four years with the Corps. 

One deck forward of Michelangelo’s wardroom, Commander Victoria Liu and Captain Cory Hawley were up in the command center on A deck, methodically going over mission orders.  Command was empty except for the two officers.  A phasing burn was coming up in a few minutes, a burn which would put Michelangelo on an expedited course to her destination.  Once the burn was made, Big Mike was committed to deep space.  She wouldn’t be able to turn about and come home for months once her trajectory was shifted.  The physics of orbital mechanics would make sure of that. 
Hawley wasn’t too sure he liked Frontier Corps cramming a new and untested officer down his throat as exec, even though he knew perfectly well that she came with the highest ratings and fitness reports. 
“Commander, all systems ready for the phasing burn?”
Victoria Liu scanned a tablet from her right-hand seat, double-checked something from the main console and nodded in the affirmative.
“Yes, sir, Captain.  All departments report ready.  Plasma engines on line, voltages steady, reactors at full mil power.  Central mast rigidizing complete.  Tanks at flight pressure.  The ship is ready for the phasing burn, sir.”
“Very well, Commander.  Give me the count.”
Liu checked the ship’s clock.  “Five minutes on the mark, sir.  Maneuver Two is enabled and ISAAC flags no anomalies or contingencies at this time.  Waiting to proceed.”
Hawley checked the board himself.  The whole thing was fully automated but Frontier Corps captains like to feel the wind on their faces, so he checked anyway.  ISAAC was the ship’s master computer and ISAAC was never wrong.  
“Proceed.”
Liu punched a few buttons and ISAAC counted down the last few minutes to the burn.
It was a gentle acceleration, less than five meters per second, but the result of the burn would be to put Big Mike on an approach trajectory to Sedna.  The entire burn lasted less than a minute and when the ship’s engines cut off, Michelangelo was on course, right in the center of the corridor, essentially zero rates in all axes, for approach six weeks from now.  
“Well done, Commander.  I’m heading aft to grab a bite. You have the bridge.”  He hoisted himself out of his seat and turned toward the hatch to the central gangway.
“Thank you, sir.  It is always a pleasure to see all systems perform so well.  Scanning no anomalies at this time, sir.  Systems functioning at ninety-seven-point six percent design capacity.”
Something in the way she said it caught Hawley’s attention.  He sat back down.  “You say that a lot, Commander.  All ship systems functioning at capacity.  How do you figure that?”
Liu turned slightly in her seat.  She was attractive in an exotic way, with her high cheek bones and oval eyes, partially hidden behind dataspecs.  The specs glowed and winked red and green as she accessed data from ISAAC and studied parameters from ship systems.
“It’s an algorithm, Captain.  You are aware of this, I’m sure.  All ship systems report status regularly to ISAAC, which formats the data and reports to me.  I have a real time picture of how well all systems are performing.  A good executive officer always has this data at their command, for decisions by the captain.”
Quoted right out of the Frontier Corps manual of command, Hawley knew.  Verbatim.  “Do you ever sleep, Liu?  I mean, we all have duty shifts.  I know Command is never really off duty, but you must take some downtime eventually.”
Liu smiled faintly and Hawley thought he detected just the slightest flaw in her expression…very subtle, but it was like her lips weren’t attached to her face just right.  What the hell was that?  Then he remembered something from her personnel file…Victoria Liu was enhanced, loaded with bots to rev up her respiration, her mind, her muscles, everything.  She could swap files with ISAAC like kids swapped lies on the playground. 
Probably some kind of weird closet Assimilationist, he decided. 
“Sir, as you know, I…” she seemed at a loss for words.  “…I require less rest than most of the crew.  Maintenance periods are a part of my routine.  I don’t rest the same way you do, sir.  Or the rest of the crew.”
Hawley sniffed.  “So I noticed.  And that neuro-boost you went through several years ago…what does that tell you about our crew?  How are they performing, five weeks into the mission?”
Liu gave that some thought.  Hawley saw her specs winking on and off furiously.  No doubt checking with ISAAC, dredging up all kinds of files.
“The crew is performing at a composite rate of greater than ninety-five percent efficiency, according to the percentage of tasks completed on time.  Department ratings range from ninety-one percent to ninety-nine percent in Engineering.  The median value is—“

Hawley held up a hand.  “Okay, okay, I give up.  You’ve got all the data.  But I’m hearing talk, scuttlebutt really, about this mission.  Some of the crew are uneasy.  Some of the crew think the mission is cobbled together, that it’s not well thought out, that it’s all politics to show people back home we’re doing something.  What does your data say about that, Commander?”
Liu seemed to be checking some kind of reading on her specs.  Her eyes narrowed.  “I have no such data, Captain.  As executive officer, you know I have the highest enthusiasm for our mission.  Operation Sentinel is an important mission, critical to determining what phenomenon is currently approaching our solar system.  Any concerns and discontents among the crew have not been reflected in the departmental ratings or performance data.”
Hawley figured he ought to be glad for that.  “Liu, you sound like a marketing brochure.  Give me the residuals for the burn and let’s go over the rest of the mission time line.  We’ve got Sedna Encounter in less than six weeks.  I want daily drills in every department.  On a mission like this, we’ve got to do everything we can to stay sharp.”
“Captain, the next waypoint is S-6, less than five days away. May I recommend—“  But Victoria Liu never finished her sentence.
A shrill alarm sounded on the command deck.  Both officers scrambled to take stock of the situation.
Liu checked her board.  “It’s Triton Odyssey, sir.  Signal’s dropped out.  We’ve lost comm with the probe…checking carrier status, all systems….”
Hawley saw that Liu was correct.  “We need to backtrack, see what Odyssey was doing before this happened.  Did she hit something?”
“Unknown, sir, but I’m checking.”  Liu’s fingers played over the keyboard, calling up one display after another.  She tapped a spot on her cheek, upping the data rate from ISAAC.  Raw systems feed poured in and her embedded algorithms massaged the data, looking for patterns.  In seconds, she had an answer.  “Sir, it seems that Odyssey was tracking some kind of diffuse mass in space, less than a hundred thousand kilometers distant, something beyond Pluto’s orbit.  Analyzing now—“  She let the algorithms play with the feed from Odyssey for a few minutes.  
“A diffuse mass,” Hawley wondered.  A bot swarm, perhaps?  Drifting dust particles?  Some dead comet passing by, shedding debris, on its way sunward?  From this distance, from the data Odyssey had returned over the last few weeks, there were few answers. 
Hawley checked flight parameters for the probe.  The maneuver files showed recent engine activity.  Whatever Odyssey had detected, she had made a few maneuvers and changed course toward the object.  That much was clear.  Over the last few weeks, she had been steadily closing in on the source for a closer inspection.  
Then the signal had stopped….

The vid evaporated over their heads.  Charley could see that Hawley was still mentally in the situation, a situation that had happened weeks ago.
“Well, the signal dropped out because the Bugs ate Odyssey.  Simple as that.  Of course, we didn’t know that at the time.  It should have been a warning.  But we had a mission.  We were supposed to lay down that grid of sensors along a certain orbit and set up a control station on the surface of Sedna.”  Hawley smiled ruefully.  “I don’t mind telling you it gives me the creeps still, just thinking about what we were heading into.”
Charley wondered.  “You couldn’t take the Farpool closer to your destination?”
Hawley shook his head.  “UNISPACE and the Farpool people said we had to terminate near Pluto—‘land’ there—since no one was sure what Sedna was like.  There was always a possibility that Sedna was just a loose rockpile, with no real place to ‘land’ a wormhole.  They didn’t want to take any chances.  So, we boosted Big Mike on normal thrust for weeks to reach our target.  Made the crew pretty jittery…me too.”
Charley wasn’t entirely convinced but asked no further questions.  “Then what happened?”
Rossi was already racking up the next debriefing vid.  “I think we’ve got the footage…ah, here it is….”
Hawley closed his eyes.  “This’ll show you what we ran into….”

 Aboard the Michelangelo (UNS-212)
Sedna Approach Trajectory Waypoint S-1
Orbit Injection Minus Two Minutes
0015 hours (Ship Time)

“Injection burn in two minutes.”  
Element B’s voice was dry, almost mechanical as the exec looked over all of Michelangelo’s systems.   In less than two minutes, her plasma torch engines would flare into operation and the great rebuilt cycler ship, often described by the dock jockeys at Phobos Station as a big kebab skewer with rockets, would begin slowing down just enough for the planetesimal Sedna to capture them into orbit.    If all went well, Big Mike would drop speed just enough for the tiny world’s faint gravity to grab them and bend their flight path into a stable orbit.
Cory Hawley acknowledged the status check.  “Engine status, Lieutenant?   Everything copacetic back there?”
Lieutenant Dean Kohl was sitting in the Systems seat up on the command deck, right behind Hawley.  His eyes wandered around the board.  “She’s all hot and ready, Skipper.  Temps, pressures, everything’s clean and green back here.”
“One minute to burn,” came Element B.   Big Mike’s chief engineer stole a quick glance at the approaching world through his forward portholes.  “Just coming up on the sunlit side…terminator approaching.”  
Hawley looked too.  “Looks like something my dog dug up in the backyard…a dirt clod with acne.”
Indeed, the planetesimal Sedna, at nearly thirteen billion kilometers from the Sun on the inner edge of the vast Oort Cloud, was a rocky, coppery red world with battered plains and crumpled mountains, tortured by eons of meteor bombardment into a frozen, desiccated rubble pile of a world, not even a planet by official reckoning.  
Dean Kohl just shook his head.  “A frozen dirt clod, if you ask me.  Amazing there isn’t more ice on the surface.  Something blew it off.  What a great place for Sentinel to set up a network and command post.  Garden spot of the Oort Cloud.”
“Ten seconds to burn…everybody secure loose items.”
“B…you sound like my mother…telling me to wear my rain coat when it rains—“  Kohl nonetheless performed the last minute inspection that all Frontier Corps troops knew so well.  
There was a brief jolt and the ship shuddered as her engines fired.  Big Mike’s central mast bent and swayed momentarily until vernier thrusters could damp out the oscillation.
“Twang damping,” said Element B.  “Oscillations smoothing out on schedule.”
“Ride ‘em, cowboy…” Kohl said.  “I’ve got three engines up and operating…thrust is good…pressures are good.  Big Mike’s slamming on the brakes—“
The burn lasted four minutes.  When it was over, cycler ship Michelangelo had dropped into a stable circular orbit above the 1800-kilometer-wide world, an orbit less than a hundred kilometers over her battered red-brown surface.  Below them, the day-night terminator slid by and full sunlight fell upon her tortured plains and hills…as much light as the Sun could muster from a distance of thirteen billion kilometers.  The visual effect was of a planetscape illuminated as if at dusk, filled with shadows and black valleys.  
“Okay, secure the burn,” Hawley commanded.  “Let’s get moving.  Mission briefing in the galley in half an hour.”
Big Mike’s galley was the largest space aboard ship, located on B deck, just off the central gangway.  Half an hour later, the ship was secured for orbital operations and Hawley assembled his crew for a talk.
“Okay, here’s the deal--” Hawley told them.  They were all there, Kohl, Liu, Element B, Westerlund, Favors, Grant and Ng, Moskowitz and Ernst…the entire twenty-person crew crammed into the galley or clinging to davits and holddowns in the gangway just outside.  “It’s been a long haul but we finally made it to our destination…believe it or now, that dirt clod outside the portholes is what we came for.  It’s not exactly a tropical paradise but it is important.  Here’s why:  CINCSPACE thinks there may be something…an alien swarm or something like that…poking around out here.  We’ve already detected something ourselves co-orbiting with this dirt clod…Element B, what’s the latest on that anomaly?”
The Engineer was situated near one of the tables.  Other crewmen gave the angel a wide berth.  “Twenty hours before the injection burn, we had an anomaly under long-range scan.  The anomaly looked like a dust cloud but it could have been a swarm, or part of a swarm.  Electromagnetic signatures suggested that, anyway.  After the injection burn, I did a sweep of space around Sedna.  No anomaly.  Whatever it was, it may have dispersed.”
Lieutenant Kohl snorted.  “Well, that’s just friggin’ great, ain’t it?  No idea what this anomaly might have been?”
Element B shook his head.  Nobody noticed whether his facial features tracked with the gesture.  “There were similarities to swarm formations, but there were differences too…we didn’t get a good track on it.”
“Well, is it your cousin or something--?” said Roy Favors, one of the Systems Techs.
“Yeah, did you send greetings or—“
“That will be enough of that,” Hawley cut in.  “We’ve got a mission and any sniping or whining that interferes with it will be dealt with…by me, personally.  Is that clear?”  Hawley looked around the wardroom, daring anyone to challenge the order.  Nobody did.
“That’s better,” Hawley went on.  “Like I said, CINCSPACE has assigned us a mission…to deploy a Sentinel network of detectors on and around this dirt clod of a world and in nearby orbits…a network that the Corps can use to keep an eye on things.  Nobody knows what the hell’s going on out here…but we got a real live enemy on Europa named Config Zero and he may have buddies snooping around these parts.  The Sentinel net is just a tripwire.  If Config Zero’s got help coming from deep space, the Corps wants to know about it.  Kohl--?”
“Here, sir.”  The Propulsions Systems officer was stashed in a corner by the galley’s tiny bar, underneath a hand-lettered sign that read South Seas Bar.  Pre-fabbed miniature palm trees were sprinkled around the area. 
“You checked out Icarus?”  Icarus was the Sedna lander attached to Big Mike’s central mast between B and C decks.
“She’s fueled and ready to go, Skipper.  We did an all-up test of every system just a few hours ago, fixed a few bugs and checked her out completely.”
“Very well.  The landing party will be five people: I’ll command the detail.  I also want Lieutenant Kohl, Sergeant Westerlund, Sergeant Ng and you, Favors.  We need a good Systems tech on the surface to set up the base module and get the Network going.  Landing party will meet me on C deck right after this briefing.  And Element B will be in command while we’re away.”
“Skipper?”  It was Favors.
“What is it?”
“We taking any weapons with us down there?  I mean, you know…HERF guns.  Mag weapons.  That sort of thing.”
Hawley understand his concern.  “Nobody knows what’s down there, Roy.  Hell, nobody’s been out this far before.”  He cringed, even as he said that.  He didn’t want to remind the crew of what already had half of them spooked.  “What I mean is this:  yes, we are taking weapons.  It’s possible that anomaly we detected is down there, or part of it.  We take weapons as part of our normal equipment.  But seek and destroy is not our mission.  In other words--don’t go looking for trouble.  Our mission is to deploy the base module and get the Network controls up and operating.  After that checks out, we return to Big Mike and head out from here, seeding this orbit and nearby space with all those dozens of detectors we’re got stashed on C deck.   Once we get all the units deployed and everybody’s talking to everybody, we make a burn and scram back home.  Any further questions?”
Nobody had any.  But Hawley could feel the unease.  It was thick enough to cut. 
“Briefing is over.  Get to your duty stations.  Landing party, come with me.  Icarus departs in two hours.”

Hawley and landing team went over their equipment and the mission details while gathered around the racks of detectors stored on C deck.  During the briefing, Element B showed up with final information about their landing site.  
The swarm angel carried a small disk and used it as a projector.  Angels usually didn’t sport wristpads.  There wasn’t enough ‘skin’ to attach them to.  
“Nominal landing zone is at these coordinates—“ the angel rattled off latitude and longitude figures, then tagged the landing site on a map that he displayed.  “Near the equator, in the middle of a large crater…thirty kilometers wide.  There’s a central hill complex in the middle of the crater.  And some long rilles or cracks in the surface…some kind of mass wasting is the likely cause.  No evidence that Sedna ever experienced any kind of volcanism.”
“Thanks for Geo 101, Professor…” muttered Favors.  “What’s the ground made of?”
“Basaltic rock.  And subsurface ice too, most likely.  It’s a low-grav environment, so you can hop for dozens of meters if you aren’t careful.  Ground scan has found several clear areas that seem like good spots for the base module.”
“We’re coming down a few klicks from those hills,” Hawley added.  “Corps Engineering thinks the peaks may be a great place for a transmitter station.  Funnel all the detector data back to the base module.  Favors, you and Westerlund will scout that…the rest of us will deploy the base and get it set up.  Questions?”
There were none.
Several hours later, the landing detail was aboard Icarus and the lander was signaling Big Mike that she was ready to depart.
Roy Favors and Sheila Westerlund were strapped into their seats in the back, Sammy Ng between them.  Hawley and Kohl were up front, in command.  
Favors smacked his chewing gum loudly, a nervous habit that made everybody roll their eyes.  “This bugger reminds me of a stack of pancakes, folks.”
“Yeah,” said Westerlund.  “With legs and three sausages on top.  Does everything remind you of food, Favs?”
“Knock it off back there,” Hawley ordered.  “Okay, Michelangelo…we’re secure and ready.  Give me the count….”
A few minutes after everybody was through bitching and moaning and had gotten themselves secured and strapped in, Hawley punched up the departure program on the ship’s computer and counted down the last seconds before separation.
“Five…four…three…two…one…bingo!” 
There was brief shudder and lurch as Icarus’ thrusters fired to make a positive separation.
“Icarus away…” he announced.  Hawley and Kohl watched through the forward windscreen as the gaping mouth of Michelangelo’s side-mast docking ring receded into the distance.  From two kilometers off, when Hawley had stopped their motion and re-oriented Icarus for de-orbit, the great cycler ship looked like a massive bird soaring off into the heavens. 
Kohl counted down the last moments to the initial burn that would start Icarus on her long curving descent to the surface of Sedna.  The limb of the reddish world could barely be seen through the portholes, dim and shadowy.  
“Ten seconds to PDI,” Kohl announced.  He checked over his console: track, engine status, attitude…everything seemed ready.  “Get ready for a major kick in the ass—“
The burn, when it came, made Icarus shake and shudder like a wet dog.  Roy Favors felt the acceleration build up rapidly.  After weeks of microgravity, the ship’s descent felt like an elephant had planted its posterior right on his chest.  He forced a sideways glance at Westerlund in the next seat.
The trooper was exhaling out in quick, forced breaths, as they had been trained.  She met Favors’ eyes and grunted back.
“Favs…remind me to…put in…for a…transfer…when we get back….”
Hawley and Kohl watched the trajectory plot on the board carefully as Icarus began her initial pitchover and slowed noticeably.  The plot showed several lines, indicating nominal and actual course, all converging on an actual window in space, the entry point called High Gate,  where the lander would begin firing her descent engines continuously, maneuvering and navigating across Sedna’s tortured and battered surface as they fell toward the LZ in the middle of Cone Crater…so named by Roy Favors because the formation reminded him of a big ice cream cone.  
The descent and landing took half an hour.
“Touchdown…good job, Skipper,” said Dean Kohl.  Icarus settled with a bump onto a mostly level plain pocked with craters and strange blood-red hillocks.  More hills surrounded them.  “Right in the crosshairs.”

“Okay, boys and girls, let’s get moving,” Hawley unstrapped himself and headed for the lockout in the aft compartment.  
The first order of business was to use Icarus’ crane and robot arm to lift and deploy the base module.  The cylindrical module had been mounted on top of the three modules that constituted Icarus’ crew compartment and stores modules.  Kohl handled the crane and gently placed the base module on the ground with the arm.  The module treads would eventually be extended and the whole thing driven off to its final deployment site, half a kilometer away.
Hawley pronounced himself satisfied.  “That went better than expected.  Favors, you and Westerlund get into your gear.  I want that hill surveyed and ground prepped for the transmitter.”
“Yes, sir,” came both replies.  The two Systems Techs headed for the lockout, located in Icarus’ starboard compartment.
In the meantime, Kohl and Hawley went back to the command compartment.
“Dean, let’s do a full scan of the area, all bands.  I don’t want anything creeping up on us out of nowhere.”
“Amen to that,” Kohl said.  Left unsaid were the words Element B had used to describe the anomaly Big Mike had been tracking on their approach to Sedna:  Whatever it was, it must have dispersed.
Hawley knew full well that real-life swarms could easily disperse into nothing and re-assemble in no time.   Better to keep their HERF guns charged up and ready, just in case.
Westerlund and Favors were on the surface of Sedna an hour later.  They were followed in short order by Ng and Kohl, who would head for the base module and get it powered up.
Sheila Westerlund surveyed the landscape.  “Garden spot of the universe, Favors.  This is where I want to build my vacation cottage.”
Favors was bounding and hopping around, trying out the low-gravity, like a bloated white kangaroo.  “Yeah, what’s not to like: piles of rubble, craters everywhere, no air and temps colder than a witch’s—“
“Hey, what’s with that hill?”
Favors came to a halt a few dozen meters away, kicking up rooster tails of dust.  “What hill?  Our destination’s over there.”
Westerlund pointed toward the horizon.  “No, where that fog or dust cloud is…that was a hill a second ago.  Now—“
They both saw the dust cloud.  Westerlund insisted the cloud had been a low hillock just moments before.  Now, a geyser of dust sprayed in slow motion into the vacuum, like a slow-motion flower bursting to life. 
“Must be an ice pocket or something, sublimating to space.  Come on, let’s go…we ain’t got all day.”
They turned back to the complex of low hills on the other side of Icarus.  Favors did a sighting with his suitscope.  “I make ‘em at two kilometers from here, give or take a crater or two.  Horizon’s close on this little slagheap of a world.”
“Hey, I’ll race you, vacuumhead.  Come on—“
They gathered up their gear and hopped off toward the rounded humps on the horizon.

For the next hour, the area around Icarus was busy with activity, as the landing party went about their work.  Pallets of cargo and gear were unloaded by Sammy Ng, using the robotic crane, and distributed around the landing site, around the perimeter of Icarus.  
Hawley and Kohl climbed into the base module and powered the cylinder up.  The module came equipped with its own track system and motor, so it could be driven for short distances.
Wedged into the tiny cockpit up front, Hawley engaged the clutch and the module—they had taken to calling it Igloo—lurched off to a rumbling crawl across the regolith.
“What a speed demon this jalopy is…I saw a small rise not far from here when we came down,” he explained.  “Probably make a good site to install this bugger and get it up and operating.”
Kohl scanned out the side porthole.  “God awful desolate place, if you ask me, Skipper.  The sooner we can get out of here, the better.  I can’t help feeling we’re being watched…by who or what, I don’t know…but I can’t shake that feeling.”
“Me too,” Hawley admitted.  Igloo bounced and slid and skidded across the dusty surface, riding up and over shallow crater rims and down into crater floors like beating against ocean waves.  “That anomaly we detected on approach makes me nervous.  I’m not sure how much I believe about this Mother Swarm crap, but it looks like something’s out there and nearby too.  CINCSPACE has reports from Intel that there may be advance scouts in this sector…some of the eggheads think that’s what this really is…some kind of early recon of our solar system.  Me…I’m not so sure.  But it pays to be cautious.  You loaded those weapons?”
Hawley fingered a small case at his feet.  “Two HERF carbines right here and I checked the charge before we left.  Plus, two magpulsers in the aft compartment.  Anything shows its friggin’ face around here gets blasted into cheese puffs.”
They drove on for several kilometers, while Kohl sighted to the horizon, triangulating their position and checking it with the gyros.  Igloo’s motors strained slightly as she began a gentle climb and moments later, Kohl announced, “I think this is the spot, Skipper.  Coordinates match.”
Igloo braked to a halt and dug herself into the frozen dirt, anchoring herself with small charges that momentarily liquefied the ground and letting her settle lower before the regolith froze again.  The two of them set to work, activating systems.  
Kohl pulled out one of the carbines.  “I’ll check around outside.  Make sure we’re level and stable.”
“Good idea…while you’re at it, get that comm pod out and set up too.  We’ll need to check transmission quality…make sure we can handshake with the transmitter Favors and Westerlund are setting up.  See of you can raise them.”
Kohl exited Igloo’s airlock and went around the rear of Igloo to find the lanyard that dropped the comm pod and its work table.  While he was waiting for the device to spring into position, he used his suitscope to locate the other two troopers, by now three plus kilometers away, heading for the hills south of Icarus.  Soon enough, he spied two white dots hopping like fat kangaroos up the lower slopes of what the maps called Pyramid Hill.   He called up to them.
“You jokers look like drunken clowns up there…you sure Favors didn’t grab some hooch from the galley on the way out?”
Word came back from the slopes.  It was Favors.  “Wish’d to hell I had, you bozos.  Sheila and I are making like goats and working our way up this hill…the dirt’s loose, so it’s two steps up and ten steps back.  But we’re getting there—“
“Yeah,” said Westerlund, already twenty meters ahead, “some of us are better goats than others.”
“Hey watch that boulder—“ Favors said.  A small stream of rocks came tumbling down in a slow-motion landslide.  Favors dodged the worst of it.  He leaned into the climb and scrambled to stay upright in the slide.  “Another one like that and I’ll wind up in a heap at the bottom.  How far’s the peak, anyway?”
Westerlund stopped to let the other Systems Tech catch up, and to get her breath.  They could use their suit boost, but the regolith was so loose, they might only succeed in setting off another slide.  
“Looks like another couple hundred meters.  There’s some kind of ravine up ahead, like a big gash in the side of this mountain.  And I don’t know what all those hillocks are…I’ll check ‘em out.”
All up and down the rise were spotted small humps, rock hills that in another time and place might have looked like anthills.  Knee-high, flat on top, coppery red in the dim shadows, they were hard to distinguish from the shadows themselves. 
Jesus, they look like they’re moving.  Must be the light--  Westerlund cautiously approached one.  
“These suckers are just made out of dirt, looks like, Favs.  Must be some kind of charge that holds them together…Cripes, they are moving—“
She had been about to stick a suit toe into the side of one hump when it exploded right in front of her.  It wasn’t a real explosion and it was in slow-motion, but the entire hump disintegrated before her eyes.  That’s when she realized what the hump was.
“Jesus, they’re bots…they’re mechs…coming after me—!“  She flailed wildly, trying to drive the attack off, but it was useless.   She lost her footing in another slide and went down hard on her side, skidding downslope a few meters.  In that moment, the swarm fell upon her.
“Favs, help….hellllllpppp!!    Aaaarrrggghhh, they’re getting inside…they’re on me--!!”
Westerlund rolled and kicked but it was too late.  Favors saw what was happening and kicked and clawed his way toward his buddy, but a pair of nearby humps disintegrated and the bots were on top of him before he could reach Westerlund.  He found himself half-buried in regolith, twisting, turning, kicking and scratching, but a shrill squeal in his earphones, inside of his helmet told him the pressure suit had already been punctured…it was just a matter of time now…already the fog was forming…his eyes and ears were bursting….
In the end, neither Systems Tech had been able to get off any warnings.   As one, the swarms that had formed the humps dotting the hillside broke down and assumed their normal amorphous configuration.  From a distance, the assault would resemble nothing more than a dust devil churning along the hillside, a faint mist glinting in the wan light that passed for daytime on Sedna.  In a few minutes, the mist had dissipated.  For a few moments, nothing remained…nothing but dirt and regolith, craters and tendrils of dust, lifted by errant charges washing across the surface.
From Icarus, no one noticed what happened next, up on the slopes of Pyramid Hill.   The rest of the landing party was too busy, setting out equipment, starting up the base module Igloo, scratching their heads over recalcitrant equipment that wouldn’t work like it was supposed to.
From the atomic remnants of Roy Favors and Sheila Westerlund, new facsimiles were slowly but steadily re-assembled.  During the disassembly of the humans, a thorough scan of their atomic geometry and maps of bond energy configurations had been done by the master bot.  This data was used to re-assemble both humans into a nearly perfect simulacrum, an angel entity not unlike Element B or Commander Liu, for that matter.  Down to the last valence electron and nucleus, the two Systems Techs slowly materialized and took form, building form and structure, a hand here, an arm there, a leg, a nose and lips, their hypersuits, even down to the kits and cases they had been hauling up the side of Pyramid Hill.  
Like a photographic negative slowly being developed, the form and appearance of Roy Favors and Sheila Westerlund came into being.  Soon, enough structure had been assembled for animation to begin.  The forms moved.  A leg twitched.  A hand grasped at nothing.  Bodies lying half buried in the dirt began to shift.   One after the other, the two angels sat up, flexed new arms and legs, then struggled to their feet.
Even on close inspection, the angels looked just like Favors and Westerlund.  They did not resume their climb up the hill.  Instead, the two angels turned about and worked their way carefully downslope to level ground.  The distance to Icarus base camp was less than two kilometers.  The bot master, now animating Roy Favors, calculated that such a distance could be traversed in less than twenty minutes.
The two angels set out for Icarus.

Sammy Ng was the first to spot the techs returning to base camp.  “Hey, you two…what the hell happened up there?  I saw that dust cloud hit you…you get the transmitter up…I’m not getting anything…you forget to turn on the thing or what?”
The two angels walked into the base camp.  Roy Favors…or what Sammy Ng first thought was Roy Favors…attempted to climb the ladder to the crew compartment.  That’s when Ng saw something that made his blood run cold.
In the debriefings that followed, Sammy Ng could only point to one thing that made him suspect Roy Favors was not what he seemed.  It was a small thing…perhaps electrostatic charges from cosmic particles sweeping across the surface of Sedna…perhaps a configuration control glitch in the Favors angel…perhaps an explosive outburst of sublimating ice from beneath the ground…at any rate, it caught Ng’s eye immediately.
Roy Favors’ hands went right through the lower rungs of Icarus’ ladder. 
If he hadn’t been looking right at Favors, it was doubtful that Sammy Ng would have ever noticed the anomaly.  But he did see it.
And the alarm bells went off inside his head.
“Bots!  Swarm bots!  Right here—Swarm bots and I’m engaging—!“  As fast as his bulky hypersuit permitted, Ng unslung his HERF carbine and charged it up, then let fly a volley of rf at the intruder.  The radio freq waves blasted through the Favors angel and momentarily disrupted its config, scattering atoms and molecules in a spray of light and sparks.  Ng pumped and fired, again and again, trying to destroy the thing that had walked right into the midst of camp.
A kilometer distant, kangaroo-hopping around Igloo as he and Kohl activated systems, Cory Hawley heard Ng’s scream on the circuit.  He dropped the crate he was carrying, looked downslope at Icarus in the distance, squatting like a shiny bug on the surface and saw the whump and puff of dust as Ng pumped round after round of HERF fire into the angels.
“Come on…we gotta go--!”  They couldn’t ride Igloo back; she had already been anchored into Sedna’s regolith.  All they could do was run, skip and hop their way back down the gentle incline and cover the two kilometers as fast as they could.  
It took six minutes and when they arrived, the gear around the base of the ship had been scattered and blasted into piles of debris and splinters.  A sparkling mist was coagulating between them and the ladder leading up to Icarus.  

Ng had positioned himself behind what was left of the crates he had been lugging around.  Scrambling and slipping in the dust, knocked sideways with each blast of the HERF gun, Hawley and Kohl managed to make it to Ng’s side.  They dropped to their knees, their suit servos whirring to stabilize them despite all the scrambling.  
“What the hell--?”
Ng filled them in.  “I saw Favors and Westerlund coming back.  Didn’t think anything of it…maybe they needed something else from the ship.  When Favors…or whatever the hell that thing is that looks like Favors, starting going up the ladder…” Ng shivered in spite of his hypersuit…”—I could see it wasn’t real…just a swarm…a cloud of bugs.  Jeez, his hands and arms went right through the ladder and it was having a time grasping the ladder…I pulled out my gun and opened up.  Skipper…it’s both of them.  Westerlund and Favors.  The bugs are here!  The bugs got ‘em!”
“All right, all right, Sammy…keep your pants on.  You did the right thing—“  Hawley chanced a peek over the top of the crate pile. 
The swarms had not been able to re-assemble owing to Ng’s HERF fire.  But the sparkling, flashing light of atoms being grabbed and slammed together told him where the swarms were.  For the moment, both had been scattered into faint dust clouds, like mist floating in the wan daylight of this rockpile of a world.  It was only a matter of time before the swarm master bots pulled enough atoms together to build visible structure.
“Sammy, keep firing!  You, too,” he told Kohl.  “We’ve got to drive them away from that ladder.  They get aboard Icarus and we’re sunk.”  
The three of them took turns blasting away at the cloud of bugs, trying to scatter it, trying to drive it away from Icarus.  Kohl boosted himself over twenty meters off to one side, behind one of the ship’s landing legs, to get a better angle.
Persistence began to pay off a few minutes later, even though Ng’s carbine was running low on charge.  
“It’s working!” Ng cried.  “We’re pushing them back—“
“We can’t let the bots near Icarus…” Hawley decided.  “Kohl, three more pulses…then we make a dash for the ladder—“
Kohl pumped three more discharges into the swirling, roiling, flickering mass…each time, scattering it a little more…each time, thinning out the mass, making it harder for the master to sling atoms together.  Each pulse shook the landing site like a thunderclap, even though Sedna didn’t have the barest wisp of an atmosphere.  A percussive whump, followed by ground shaking and shuddering like a bucking bronc, then poofs of dust lifted into the sky and rained down on everything and everyone in slow motion.
“That’s good!” Hawley said.  “That’s good…okay, on my mark, head for that ladder…Sammy, you first, then Kohl, then me.  Ready--?”
“More than ready, Skipper,” Kohl gritted out.
“Three…two…one…go! Go Sammy….gogogogogogo!”
Ng scrambled and scratched his way through the intervening distance and leaped toward the bottom rung of the ladder, just snagging it with his outstretched hands.  He shimmied up the ladder as fast as his suit would let him, giving himself a slight burst of suit boost to help.  In seconds, he had disappeared into Icarus’ lockout chamber.
“Your turn,” Hawley told Kohl.  “Hold up a sec…I’ll give the bastards another shot of rf—“  He discharged his own rifle and the ground concussion stirred up a gale of dust.  “Now…gogogogo--!”
Like Ng before him, Lieutenant Dean Kohl took three leaps and with assisted suit boost, made the ladder in under six seconds.  His legs disappeared into Icarus just as Hawley let fly another round of HERF.  
Now, it’s my turn, Hawley told himself.  He studied the swarms for a moment.  A steady diet of HERF had disrupted their configs and it was taking time to re-assemble the mob.  That they were trying to re-assemble, he could easily tell.  The faint cloud…mist…fog…whatever you wanted to call it…could easily have been mistaken for dust stirred up.  Except for the sparkling and light flashes that popped on and off, almost beyond visibility.  Evidence of some furious atom-slamming, he knew.
“Okay, you buggers…here goes another dose—“  He let fly another volley of radio freq waves…his last full charge…thunderclapping the landing site with a percussive whump and stirring up a miniature slow-motion gale around the base of Icarus.
At the very same moment, Hawley leapt out of his cover and streaked as fast as his hypersuit would allow toward the crew ladder.  He was airborne and half-cartwheeling the last few meters but just managed to snag the lowest rung.  Then, he lit off his suit boost and propelled himself up and into the lockout.  
As he rolled free of the hatch, Ng and Kohl slammed the lockout door closed and dogged it shut tight.
Hawley was already undoing his helmet and twisting it free of its neck ring.  “Get her powered up for launch, Lieutenant!  Essential systems only…emergency ascent!  Let’s get the hell out of here before those bugs grab onto something and ride up with us.”
“Already started, Skipper.”   Kohl climbed through a small overhead hatch and disappeared into the command compartment.  Ng helped Hawley with his suit.
The three of them completed an abbreviated systems check. A last sensor sweep was made of the landing legs and engine bell…no sign of the swarms could be found.   Icarus was humming and ready to fly when Hawley counted down the last few seconds.
“Three…two…one…mark.  Ignition…!”
The tiny lander shuddered and leaped off the ground, balanced on the gimballing thrust of her single engine.
“Pitchover…looks good,” Kohl announced.  “Right on the money…Big Mike…here we come.”
Hawley thumbed a bead of sweat from his forehead.  It had been close…too close.  “Amen to that.  I just hope we’re not carrying some unwanted passengers.”
Icarus made her approach and docked with Michelangelo in just under three hours, rocking slightly as the capture latches grabbed hold.
“Hard dock,” Kohl announced.  “Couldn’t be a sweeter sight in the whole universe.”
“Fastest rendezvous I ever did,” Sammy Ng decided.
Hawley had already radioed up the details of what had happened to Element B. 
“Before we open that hatch,” he decided, “we’d better make sure we’re all clean.  Break out the sniffers.  I want to make sure we’re not carrying any bugs onboard Big Mike.”
The scans lasted nearly an hour and each crewman was examined from head to toe, as the sniffers looked for anything out of the ordinary, high thermals, EM signals, acoustic pulses, anything indicating abnormal atomic activity.  Nanobots made noise, if you knew what to listen for.
But the sniffers found nothing.  Hawley signaled for the hatch to be opened and scheduled an all-hands briefing in the galley in half an hour….

Cory Hawley sniffed as Rossi ended the briefing vid.  “The damn bugs had reassembled Favors and Westerlund, just like the originals.  They were right there, right among us.  We were damn lucky to get the hell out of there.”
Kemal Rossi watched Hawley’s face, his emotions, as he re-lived the whole tale.  To Charley and Rey, he said, “That’s what we’re dealing with.  That’s why the Expool has to work.  The Bugs, this big swarm, has already consumed Sedna and dozens of other bodies.  Pluto’s probably next.  And they’re closer, expanding out of Europa and consuming half of Jupiter’s moons.  Frankly, UNISPACE is out of ideas.”
Charley just shook her head.  “A couple of hundred years ago—your time—the Seomish had to evacuate their own world.  It had become a battleground.  The humans who set up their Time Twister talked about a race they called the Coethi.  A huge interstellar cloud of bots or bugs.  Maybe this is the same thing.  One diaspora leads to another.”
Rossi nodded.  “You can help us, Charley, with your knowledge of farpool systems and technology.  Help us get the Expool up and running, help us test out the wormhole so we can evacuate as many humans—Amphibs too—to the Trappist system.”
Rey Diaz could see that Charley had already made up her mind.   If there was a mission anywhere nearby, he could count on her to volunteer.
“I’d be honored,” Charley admitted.  “I’d like to go over your ship with the engineers right away, then look at the specs for the Expool itself.  Once your crew is selected, we need to start training right away, get to know the ship and what to expect when we take her into the Expool.”
A visible sense of relief came over Rossi’s face.  “I was hoping for this.  In fact, I can introduce you to the rest of your crew right away.  They’re in briefings right now.”
“One more thing,” Charley added.  She punched Rey Diaz playfully in the arm.  “This joker comes too.  He’s a kick-ass pilot.  I need him on the crew.  We already make a great team.”
Rossi beamed.  “Consider it done.  Let’s go meet the others.”

Rossi had assembled the candidates in a line just outside the jumpship’s hatch.  While workers and assemblybots flitted back and forth, he did the introductions, then let Charley ask a few questions of her own.  She knew what she was looking for: proficiency in ship systems, of course, but there was more.  Jump crews needed guts, courage, dogged persistence and resourcefulness.  Time jumpers were like the test pilots of yore.  The right stuff never changed.  
After the introductions, Charley and Rey interviewed each candidate personally, inside the ship, testing their knowledge, their wits and reaction times, their determination, and reviewing their records which Rossi had produced from Personnel.
Two in particular had impressed her: Layanna Mwale, a Cameroonian Amphib whose family had left Earth during the Great Exit a century ago and taken up residence on Mars, in a small village called Douala Township, along the shores of the Boreal Ocean.  It was near Settlement Seven and it turned out the Mwale family knew Rey’s father, Oswaldo.  
“Mr. Diaz was always proper and upright…everything he did was like that.  A proud man…you remind me of him,” she told Reynaldo.
Rey just smiled back appreciatively.
The other impressive candidate was Sandy Kilgorly, an Aussie male, a red-haired, freckled fully human, with a raucous laugh and big hands.  He had extensive experience in farpool engineering and had even been a time jumper with the Service before mustering out for family reasons.  His own family had left in the Great Exit and taken up residence in the Belt, as croupiers aboard Big-Venice-in-the-Belt, a casino and gaming disneyland hollowed out of a small asteroid.  Sandy had volunteered for the Expool project when an errant asteroid fragment had impacted the place and wrecked the economy, not to mention all the casualties.  Kilgorly had lost most of his family in the disaster.
“The ship only needs four crewmen,” Rossi told Charley.  “For this test anyway.  If you’re satisfied with these two, I’ll run the paperwork and make it official.”
“Perfect,” Charley said.  To Mwale and Kilgorly, she added, “Training starts tomorrow at 0700 hours.  Get a good night’s sleep.  It’s probably the last you’ll get for awhile.”

Charley had already decided on a name for the test ship.  She dropped it on Rey Diaz over dinner at Spanglers, a seafood bar and dive near the Apex of the Equatoria platform.
“I want to call her Omt’or,” Charley said, spooning noodles from her carbonada into her mouth, then popping an arrollado pork roll in after it.
“Your old kel.  Not surprising.”
Charley slurped her food.  “I owe them everything.  They treated me, really my whole family, like one of them.  When the Ponkti came, when—” she stopped and stared right at Rey and added firmly, “Our ship will be known as Omt’or.”
“Omt’or it is.   You really think this is a good idea…this Expool?  This test mission?”
Charley put down her spoon and stared out the picture windows.  It was just twilight, whitecaps rolling and breaking out to the horizon.  They could just see twinkling lights beyond Equatoria’s breakwater, where the islands’ mountain summits poked above the waves.  The summits had once been known as the Andes.  Now most of the land was submerged.  A small fleet of ships hovered a few kilometers beyond the breakwater, preparing the seabed to receive the Expool’s singularity core tomorrow.
“Look around, Rey.  What do you see?  Nothing but water.”
“Yeah, it’s called an ocean.”
“The whole planet’s an ocean now.  That’s okay for Amphibs like me, but for humans…the ones who are left, it’s no life.  You know, the Great Exit started several centuries ago—”
“Yeah, the Purple.  That’s when the flooding really started.”
Charley played with her fish stew, making patterns of what was left.  “The first diaspora was the kel’vishtu, the Seomish leaving their homeworld Seome through the original Farpool.  My granddad Chase Meyer told me stories about that when I was a kid.  Then came the Great Exit.  The Purple plague. Humans fleeing Earth for Mars, the Moon, the free-space settlements.  Now—” she shrugged, waved at the ocean, “—this.  The Bugs.  The Expool.  Operation Trappist.  My whole life…all I’ve seen is people fleeing, evacuating, running away.”  Maybe I’m running from something too…like myself.  “I tried to help the Omtorish fight, but the Ponkti were too strong.”  Her eyes narrowed.  “The Ponkti started all this, with their experiments at Europa.  I can’t prove it, but somehow, some way, they’re behind this big swarm of Bugs.  And with help from the Chinese—.”
Rey tried to be sympathetic.  “Maybe you’re looking at this the wrong way.  Yeah, people are fleeing.  But it’s because they want a better life.  They want to start over, start fresh.  A new home.”
Charley reached across the table and grabbed Rey’s hands.  For once, he didn’t try to pull away.  “Maybe that’s what I want to.  For you and me.”
“Hey, don’t go all syrupy on me, Gilly Girl.  We’re not there yet.  There’s a lot to be done before we shove off.”
Charley blinked, smiled ruefully and extricated her hands from Rey.  We’re not there yet.  The words would ring in her ears for a long time.
  “What do you think of our crew?”
Rey shrugged.  “The commander and the pilot are okay, I think—” he matched her big grin with his own, “and I think with training, the other two—Layanna and Sandy—will come along.  The big question isn’t the ship.  It’s the Expool.”
Charley agreed.  “Amen to that.  We’d best get back to Jordi’s apartment.  We’ve got a big day ahead of us tomorrow.”
But that night, before Jordi came home, they made furious love and wound up sore and exhausted on the floor, enveloped in sheets and bed covers.

Kemal Rossi acted as training officer for the crew of Omt’or.   The abbreviated syllabus would cover ship systems—Omt’or’s controls, propulsion and power systems, her defensive suite, utilities and ANAD systems, as well as the test card for the mission.   Classroom time was devoted to the characteristics of the Expool, how it was generated, how it was controlled, how to maneuver and navigate through the wormhole.  Finally, a good part of one day was spent going over what was known about their destination Trappist-1e.  Her solar orbit about the red dwarf star Trappist-1 was described, along with details of her atmosphere, her surface, her weather and the prospects of indigenous life.  Details were sketchy, but then the mission of Omt’or wasn’t really focused on Trappist-1e anyway…the mission was to test the ship as a transfer vehicle and to prove that the Expool was safely useable and navigable for long-distance trips.
The training was scheduled to last a week.  In that time, Charley learned a million things she didn’t even know she didn’t know.  Charley and her crew trained in Expool ops, lifeship procedures (learning every system and piece of gear aboard Omt’or), the details of her test card, with maneuvers to exercise every system aboard the ship.  
The crew went about their training with visible relish.  A good bunch, Charley convinced herself late one day, nursing a gisu bulb in the hangar’s canteen looking down on the floor, with Omt’or still wrapped in cables and scaffolding.  Business-like, dedicated, resourceful.
She wondered how they would react under the pressure of a real mission.
We’ll find out soon enough, she thought.  
Bit by bit, beams and spars and panels and struts and framing came together and Omt’or gradually took shape inside the hangar. By the end of the week, she was powered up for the first time and Charley and her crew tested her for fit and function, exercising her flow vanes, rudders, propulsors, everything.
Finally, the day came when Kemal Rossi decreed that Omt’or and her crew were ready to ‘graduate.’  That meant it was time for the test jump.  
“Okay, boys and girls, the big day is upon us.  Tomorrow, by 0800 hours, Omt’or will have been moved to her launch cradle outside.  The crew will board her promptly at 0800 hours.  The test jump is just that…a test.  Nothing more.  An all-up, full-systems test of ship and crew.  You’ll get the details tomorrow but allow me to provide an overview.  You will launch Omt’or and approach the Expool on a normal Level 1 approach vector.  You will enter said Expool and maneuver, as you have been instructed, to exit same at a point within ten thousand kilometers of your target, Trappist-1e.  You will strenuously endeavor to remain in the vicinity of the Expool, while you conduct all drills and tests on your test card.  At that point, you will have logged all variances and CM excursions, and re-enter said Expool, returning to your launch cradle or close as you can, whereupon you will be recovered and brought back here.  Is this in any way unclear?”
“No, sir!” they all cried out in unison.
That night, Charley slept the sleep of the near dead.
Chapter 11

J Station, SpaceGuard Watch Center
High Orbit Above Jupiter
Lastober 11, 2415 (Solix/ Earth U.T.)
Unknown Kv (Epoch of Kel’vishtu)

Working the graveyard shift at J Station’s Watch Center always sucked.  True enough, you had the never-ending panorama of Jupiter’s atmosphere turning below you, a phantasmagoric palette of curlicues and ever-shifting colors, swirling and churning like a carnival ride.  But staying awake was the hard part and Luis Strange had long ago learned that the secret to working the late shift was to always keep moving.  If you stopped for more than a few minutes, you were  gone, dead on your feet.  Strange had long ago set a timer on his wristpad: five minutes seat time tops, then roust yourself up and walk around the compartment, neck stretches and arm swings to keep the blood flowing.
Mostly it didn’t work.   
Strange was pulling late shift today…tonight…whatever the hell it was.  Tending the sensors and telescopes of the Long-Range Array, scanning sector after sector of the heavens for any little burp or fart worthy of an astronomer’s interest.   The High Freq array had just gone through a major tune-up last week and it was Strange’s job to give her a complete shakedown for the next few days. 
At the moment, she was boresighted to the only thing that mattered in the heavens the last few months…the Big Bug Cloud, the Mother Swarm, the End Times…whatever you wanted to call it, out beyond orbit of Pluto and advancing relentlessly toward the inner solar system.
Strange took one last look out the nearest porthole and begrudged the final wisps of daylight before the terminator ate up Jupiter and she was fully enveloped in the nightfall.  At that same moment, he heard a beeping from his console and turned his attention back to the array controls.
What the hell…
Luis Strange looked over his boards, controlling the positioning of the great radars out on the station trusses and the optical and radio telescopes that accompanied them.  He quickly pinpointed the source of the beeping…Node 15…the Zenith array high overhead…was picking up some anomaly.  
He massaged the controls and tried to focus the array better, get better resolution on the target.  SpaceGuard didn’t beep without reason.  Of course, it didn’t hurt that the target was, at last reckoning, something like a tenth of a light year in extent.
A quick perusal made the hairs on the back of Luis Strange’s neck stand up.  The system displayed a list of likely targets, based on radar imaging and known ephemerides.  He scanned the list, mumbling the details to himself.
“Hmmm…right ascension 22 degrees, 57 minutes, 28 seconds.  Declination 20 degrees, 46 minutes, 8 seconds---“ Just as he was about to consult the catalog, SpaceGuard threw up a starmap.
It was in the direction of Saturn, but it wasn’t Saturn or any of its dozens of moons.  The mass centroid of the Big Bug Cloud was still something like six billion kilometers away.  No, this was something different.  A point source of energy had just spiked.  Probably the bots zapping some unknown moon or asteroid out beyond the ringed planet. 
Strange studied the details.  “This one’s a doozy--“his fingers played over the keyboard, bringing all of J Station’s instruments to bear on the new source.  The energy spike was showing up in all bands now: X-ray, gamma ray, infrared, even optical.  What the hell was going on?
He stared for a moment at the brief flare that erupted on the screen in front of him.  Must be one hell of a source.
Before he could decide what to do next, Strange was interrupted by the sound of a door opening…it was Melissa James, the shift supervisor.
“I heard SpaceGuard got something--“ James was short, stacked, squat legs of a former kickboxer, now going soft in the station’s one-sixth-g.  
Strange showed her the readings.  “I’ve got it designated Delta P.  Probably an offshoot of KBA.  Big sucker, too.  Blasting out on all bands.  See for yourself.”
James examined all the instruments.  Whatever it was, Delta P was a big gamma producer.  She twiddled with loose hair strands for a moment.  “Maybe we got us a micro black hole.  You know, West had that theory--black holes evaporating, Hawking radiation, and all that--“
Strange nodded.  “Right in the middle of the Cloud?   Maybe, but I doubt it.  I’ll pull up the spectra, see what kind of match we get.”  The astronomer massaged the keyboard, calling up spectrographic profiles of presumed black hole radiation sources.  
“Anything in this sector before?”
“Nada,” Strange told her.  “Cloud’s been unchanged for months now.  Stable as a table.  How many planets is it supposed to have eaten up so far?” 
“I lost count,” said James.  “Pluto, Sedna, Quaora, a basket of moons and rocks out there.  So what’s this big guy doing now?”
“Aside from spikes in the gamma bands, there’s some indication that the centroid’s changing heading too.  Not by much.  Right now, according to CAESAR’s projections, the centroid is heading for a point about a million kilometers from the Sun, but that in itself is a change.  It was aimed dead center a few days ago.  Something is shifting the cloud.”
“Not us,” James decided.  “Something’s happening out there.  We’d better call this in to UNISPACE.  Send a three-line to Gateway and let’s setup a vidcon for later.”

Solnet/Omnivision Video Post 
@dana.polansky.solnetworldview
Lastober 12, 2415 (Solix/ Earth U.T.)
Unknown Kv (Epoch of Kel’vishtu)

SOLNET Special Report:
“What’s Happening to the Sun?”

This Solnet Special Report will cover a breaking story just coming out of UNISPACE Headquarters at the Quartier-General in Paris.  Many viewers have noted the recently detected significant dimming of the Sun’s visible light output.  UNISPACE has assured us, in a series of press briefings, that the dimming is not a result of any unpredicted eclipse or of any operations being conducted by UNISPACE itself.  Solnet has sent reporter Dana Polansky to Paris to cover the story….
“Good morning.  I’m here outside the Quartier-General on the Boulevard St. Michael in Paris’ 5th Arrondisement to report on what’s happening to the Sun.  For several weeks now, billions of people across the solar system have noticed a significant dimming in the visible light output of our Sun.  This reporter has learned from highly placed but unnamed sources within UNISPACE that detectors at our Farside Observatory on the Moon and at other locations have measured a distinct change in course of the Big Bug Cloud.  I have just yesterday returned from a trip to the Farside complex and can now reveal the following important information—“

Append Video Post 466.1 here…

“We’re here at the SpaceGuard Center, inside the Newton wing of the Farside complex, talking with Dr. Gilford Benes, an astronomer with Farside.  Dr. Benes, thank you for joining us today at Special Report.”
“You’re most welcome, Dana.  And welcome to Farside as well.”
“Thank you, Dr. Benes. In recent weeks, reports have been coming out of various sources, among them sources at UNISPACE, that the Sun doesn’t seem to be as bright as it once was.  Are there changes going on with the Sun?  What’s seems to be wrong with the Sun? And is this related to movements of the Big Bug Cloud?”
Benes smooth’s out what little hair he has left on an egg-shaped pate.  “Well, Erika, actually there’s nothing wrong with the Sun per se.  I want to put your viewers’ minds at ease on that score.  The Sun, First Sun, is operating pretty much as it has for the last four plus billion years, with some variations in output, of course.  Accounting for recent effects, that is.  Decline in light and energy output is well within expected parameters.”
“But, Dr. Benes, many viewers have noticed an increased diminishing in the amount of sunlight during the day.”
“I’m sure they have.  What we have detected here at Farside, using both optical and infrared telescopes, is what seems to be a massive course change in the Big Bug Cloud, as you call it, as it approaches the inner solar system.” 
“That’s very interesting, Dr. Benes.  Are there any suspicions that this cloud is moving away from the Sun, out of our solar system or is that just hopeful speculation?”
“Certainly, we have those suspicions.  Right now, we’re studying this phenomenon very closely, trying to characterize the exact nature of the components of the cloud…are they dust particles, nanobotic elements or exactly what?  This is an on-going process and we hope to have some results we can release in a day or so.”
“Dr. Benes, some of my sources insist that there is intelligence indicating that this phenomenon has come all the way from 51 Pegasi, perhaps from even further away and that it was in fact tracked across much of the Milky Way galaxy for the last twenty years.  Can you comment on these allegations?”
“I can’t comment directly on things I haven’t seen, Erika.  I’m sure you can understand that.  We’re studying the Sunshadow anomaly---that’s what we’re calling it now—most urgently for additional details.  Honestly, we need to track the phenomena further to be sure of its heading.  I’m afraid that speculation that the Cloud is moving through and out of our solar system is, for now, just that—speculation.”
Dana wanted to press Dr. Benes further.  “Dr. Benes, my sources tell me that Farside has been tasked by the UN to provide support to a proposed exploratory mission that is planned for launch in the next few weeks.  A mission to directly confront, attack and, if possible, stop or divert this approaching swarm…the so-called Kuiper Belt Anomaly.  Can you confirm this?”
Benes shrugs, a sort of half-smile on his lips.  “Dana, of course, you know I can’t comment on any details of actual UNISPACE operations.  In fact, we’re just astronomers here at Farside.  We observe and report on what we see.  However, I can confirm one thing.”
“What is that, Dr. Benes?”
“Farside is providing support for a re-directed mission for the Helios satellite.  This satellite has been in orbit around the Sun for many years, as you may know, providing us with on-scene observations of solar phenomena, coronal ejections, surface transients, magnetic phenomena and other matters.  UNISPACE has ordered that the current Helios mission be discontinued and the satellite be re-located to a new orbit which will intersect that of the Sunshadow anomaly and the leading edge of the Cloud.  This is happening as we speak.  Helios will also examine certain, shall we say, unusual signatures that seem to be emanating from the Caloris Basin region of Mercury.”
“Thank you, Dr. Benes, for taking the time to be with us today.”
“My pleasure, Dana.”
Solnet Special Report Ends

UNIFORCE Special Report to the Secretary-General
Principal Astronomical Effects from Passage of Kuiper Belt Anomaly UNSP-1A (a.k.a. The Big Bug Cloud) Through the Solar System
25 March 2415 through 28 Lastober 2415

At maximum extent, Kuiper Belt Anomaly UNSP-1A (hereafter UNSP-1A) covered a breadth of nearly a tenth of a light year in extent.  Estimates vary and range from a low end of 0.878 trillion to 0.959 trillion kilometers.  Density estimates are provided in Attachment A, Physical Characteristics Based on Visual, Infrared and Hyperspectral Signature Analysis of Anomaly UNSP 1A, appended to this report.
From first detection to passage of the swarm centroid as measured crossing the mean heliocentric orbital distance of Pluto, Anomaly UNSP-1A has occupied detectable solar system space for a period of 11 months, 3 days and twenty-two hours.  
Significant reduction in solar output in all bands, a noticeable ‘dimming’ of First Sun’s visible light and associated wavelengths, occurred during a two-week period as the densest part of the Anomaly passed by the Sun, measured as the mass centroid of the phenomena.  Twenty days after passage of the mass centroid of the Anomaly through the mean heliocentric coronal perimeter boundary layer of First Sun, solar output began a slow, logarithmic return to normal reduced levels, which have been sustained.  
Widespread press and media reports from around the world and at other settlements and facilities across the solar system are consistent with historical accounts of astronomical phenomena observed and witnessed over the last five thousand years of recorded history.  Numerous riots, other forms of civil disobedience, public gatherings, and religious ceremonies from a variety of denominations and traditions were recorded and reported on.  Multiple spikes in Assimilationist awakenings and instances of volunteer ‘de-materializing’ have also been logged.  Statistics on these incidents are provided in Attachment B, Gaylord, Dr. Seth, Epi-social Spiritual Phenomena among Technologically Advanced Stage 4 Populations.  
The Farside Observatory continues to monitor visual and infrared signatures from the Europa-Eye detector satellites currently in orbit around Second Sun.  Data gathered since this report was compiled indicate that no anomalous indications of surface or subsurface disturbances have been detected.  The phenomena popularly characterized as the ‘Keeper’, thought to be the source of past detected disturbances, has been dormant during this latter period of the Anomaly’s approach.  One theory, as yet unsubstantiated, is that the Anomaly, being nanobotic in composition, may have absorbed the Keeper phenomenon during the passage of certain sub-formations into and through the system formerly known as Jupiter.   
Farside continues to track Anomaly UNSP-1A as it approaches the inner solar system.  Astronomers estimate that, at the current rate of approach, adjusting for the gravitational influence of the First Sun and major bodies such as Second Sun and Saturn, the Anomaly’s notional outer edge will pass out of the inner Kuiper Belt region deeper into our system and continue to approach.
Measurements of velocity shifts and perturbations indicate that the Anomaly, as measured by the instantaneous position of its mass centroid is on a general heading which will ultimately enter the system of 61 Ursa Majoris in approximately six thousand four hundred years, once passage through our solar system is completed.  
Note that previous exoplanet surveys provide substantial evidence of multiple planetary bodies in this system and there is continuing speculation on the habitability of several bodies in the system, notably Trappist-1e.  There are faint but unmistakable biosignatures recently detected in the atmosphere of Trappist-1e and possibly 1d as well, including measurable trace amounts of gases such as methane and other biologically significant constituents.  
A recent slight heading shift of Anomaly UNSP-1A’s mass centroid onto a more direct vector toward the Trappist-1 system has initiated discussions in the United Nations Security Council and the Sea Council on the advisability of transmitting a warning signal to any potential living inhabitants of Trappist-1e to identify the nature of the approaching anomaly.  UNISPACE and other responsibilities are continuing to monitor these changes, to determine their effect on operations pursuant to Operation Trappist itself. 
These discussions continue.
Long term meteorological and climatic effects from the proximity of Anomaly UNSP 1A are detailed in Attachment C: Forecast Climatic Effects from Proximity of Anomaly UNSP-1A (including Measurable Subswarms and Lesser Elements).  Note that long-term climatic effects incorporate estimates of seawater and seabed excavation and dynamic lifting of excavated materials into the atmosphere, along with continental tectonic plate stresses and all Stage 1fires and episodes of extreme volcanism, integrated into current forecast models over the next two years.
For latest results of forecast model iterations, see World Meteorological Organization “Proceedings of Conference on Climatic Effects from Recent Astronomical and Solar Phenomena”, 3-5 February 2415, Madrid, Spain, appended to this report as Attachment D. 
UNIFORCE casualty and environmental remediation efforts continue and are expected to be required at current levels of effort for at least the next ten years.  
Residual effects can only be estimated at this time.  Many Kuiper Belt objects have been disassembled or absorbed into Anomaly UNSP 1A.  The Pluto-Charon system has been destroyed and absorbed.  The Neptune-Triton system is also currently under severe threat.  Even the Second Sun system is showing new and currently unpredictable gravitational instabilities.  
However, the Earth, the Moon, most of the inner solar system and First Sun are intact.  The net assessment of this report is that there should be no further major instabilities or incidences due to the presence or proximity of Anomaly UNSP 1A.

UNIFORCE Special Report Ends

Atacama Islands
Expool Operations
Lastober 13, 2415 (Solix/ Earth U.T.)

Capitan de Navio Alberto Almirante had been an officer with the Chilean Navy (the Armada de Chile) for almost twenty years and in all that time, he had never witnessed anything like the succession of suicidal attacks by small boats and remote unmanned drone subs in recent days.  It was axiomatic that the Assimilationists were behind the attacks and harassment, for that was both their modus operandi and their philosophy.  Even their ostensible spokesperson (if he or it could be called a ‘person’) had called for just such extreme measures.
Froghead himself, para-human half-cyborg and half-amphib, had been all over the airwaves in recent days, ranting and screaming about the Mother Swarm and how it was every person’s duty to be taken up and absorbed into the Big Bug Cloud, what the authorities had long officially called the Kuiper Belt Anomaly.
Almirante finished off his smoke on the Valparaiso’s weather deck and tossed the butt into the foaming waves below.  He grasped the railing as Valparaiso executed a combat turn to starboard to keep her part of the protective screen around the Expool site off-limits to crazies circling like rabid sharks several hundred meters out.
Almirante snorted, inhaling a bit of sea spray from winds whitecapping the surf below the deck.
“Froghead, mi culo,” he muttered and ducked back into the bridge.  He saw a vid loop of Froghead’s latest rant, downloaded from Solnet just last night.  
Almirante thought to order the loop switched off but he knew that his First Officer, Cortes, was watching.  The man’s son and daughter had been at the Froghead rally in Santiago the night before…Cortes couldn’t tear himself away from the loop.   Almirante decided to let it proceed.
The scumbag provocateur’s words were just trailing off….

Police had estimated that the gathering crowd ranged from a few hundred thousand to over a million.  People came from all over the Andes, even from Equatoria and Neptunia and other sea states.  Froghead was coming.  Froghead would be there.  Froghead….
There were others in the vast crowd who weren’t so happy.  A vociferous contingent of anti-Assimilationist protesters had promised a response.  They called themselves Hellcats and their warnings and threats were all over the Net, all over the news.  None other than assimilationist gadfly Lanier Barnes had promised to be there.  
“We’ll make those fishheads and asses scream and shout,” he had told reporters.  “Think of us as normalizers.  Normality.  Normals.  That’s what we’re all about.”
Police patrols, bots and drones were thick in and over the crowd.  They expected a violent confrontation and planned to be ready.
Promptly at 8:00 pm, the rally began in Santiago’s Balmaceda Park.  Excited and stirred like a hornet’s nest, the crowds surged forward, pressing against police cordons like waves lapping a pier.  Thousands found themselves caught up in the rush, caught in a riptide of humanity pushing, shoving, jostling and crowding ever forward.  Police and event security pressed back, but the cordon shrank and drew ever tighter.  Scuffles broke out and fists flew.  
Julio Cortes caught an elbow in the face.  His sister Lourdes took one to the mouth.  Julio shoved back and wriggled himself enough space to help his sister to the edge of the crowd, toward a first aid booth that had been stationed near the bandshell.  While rock and jam music blared from loudspeakers, lights strobed across the stage and the crowd, police drones swooped and sprayed unruly crowds with relaxant mist, Julio and Lourdes were attended by nurses and medbots, treating their cuts and bruises.
Julio ’s face was aglow.  “It’s insane.  I love it.”
Shouts erupted nearby.  Hellcats were swinging fists and batons and shockwands along the edge of the crowd.  More fists flew.  Bodies fell to the ground, trampled in panic.  Police drones circled the melee and voices boomed out.
“DISPERSAOS DE UNA VEZ!  DISPERSE AT ONCE!  THIS IS A POLICE ORDER!  CEASE AND DESIST AND DISPERSE AT ONCE…!”
Overhead, news drones captured everything.
Julio turned to check out the commotion.  Something slammed into his face and he was knocked off his stool to the ground, stunned, semi-conscious, blood spurting everywhere.  
“Her too!  She’s one of ‘em!” came voices nearby.
Julio hauled himself up and immediately found himself in a shoving match with a burly, bearded red-haired man with a shockwand, illegal and deadly all the same.  Big Beard swung the baton again and just clipped Julio on the shoulder, sending two hundred volts into his neck and arms.  Julio’s arm went dead and he nearly fell, but grabbed a counter at the first aid stand and stayed upright.  He collected himself and kicked out, knocking the wand from Big Beard’s hand.  Then he waded in, fists flying.
Even a math student can kick a little ass, he thought.  
The melee lasted a few more minutes.  Lourdes had been knocked down, but a police bot appeared and she picked herself up with a few scrapes while the bot swung around, sweeping out a clearing in the throng with its graser arms, whirling like a demented dervish, lights flashing and sirens whooping even over the thunderous jam of the loudspeakers.  
The Hellcats were everywhere, battling it out with assimilationists, angels, onlookers, the curious and the committed all at the same time.  Police seemed unable to stop all the fights.  The best they could do was concentrate on containing the violence to the rally grounds.
Through it all, the jam went on and speakers came and went up on the stage.  
While Julio and Lourdes were being treated, Froghead finally appeared.  
Froghead acknowledged the crowds with a wave and moved to the center microphone.  The angel was good, Julio could see that.  Better than real amphibs.  Very few edge effects…often, angels fuzzed out at their extremities, where the swarm didn’t have good config control.  This one was tight and dense over its entire surface…only an occasional pop or flash in the torso area, one or two in the face, gave away the fact that the angel was a para-human, a swarm of nanobots configged to look by turns either human or amphib.  In stature, he was a smallish man, dark of color but that could be easily enough changed.  His height contrasted with a stocky frame, and his face was dominated by a black moustache.  It was an appearance Julio had never seen before, but then Froghead was an angel and angels could do that.  
“PEOPLE OF SANTIAGO…THE TIME HAS COME FOR A CHANGE….”  His voice boomed out across the rally ground and the crowd grew more and more frenzied, pressing ever tighter against the police cordon.  
“PEOPLE OF CHILE…WHAT IS IT THAT ASSIMILATION BRINGS?”
The response roared up out of the crowd like a thing alive.
“PEJERU…PEJERU…PEJERU!!”
A radiant smile came to Froghead’s face, beamed by cameras to screens throughout the rally grounds.  
“Peace.  Ecstasy.  Joy.  Enlightenment.  Rapture.  Unity with the Mother Swarm.  You are right!”
The crowd roiled and throbbed like a frenetic horde, as one, surging again and again against the stage and the police barricade. 
The give and take went on for a few minutes, punctuated with more music, more strobing lights, more frenzy in the crowds, which pressed tighter and tighter against the barricades surrounding the stage….

Then the vid cut off.  Captain Almirante ordered the tape ended.  “That’s enough of that.  We’ve got a job here,” he told the bridge crew.
His sonar operator Clemente piped up.  “Mantas approaching.  I count eight, no, ten.”
“What bearing?”
Clemente studied his scope.  “Two eight six, Captain.  Speed is forty knots.”
Almirante peered out the forward windscreen through the fog.  The locos never seemed to learn.  The Navy had a mission to protect the Expool site and allow test operations to proceed unhindered.
“Sonic pulser enable.  Set Level Five this time.”
All eyes turned toward Almirante.  “Level Five, sir?”  Level Four was officially lethal.
“Let’s teach these locos a lesson.”
The pulser was fired, churning up huge spouts of water, as well as blasting acoustic shocks below the surface.  Many Assimilationists’ boats were shattered or upended, dumping their hapless crews into the surf.  
“Sonar contact…under the surface,” reported the sonar shack.  
“Bearing and depth?” Almirante inquired.  He scanned the horizon around the Expool site, surveying the carnage.
“Two five five, sir.  Depth one hundred meters.  Distance two thousand meters.”
Clemente, the First Officer, looked alarmed.  “That’s the Expool foundation.  If their Mantas can—”
“I know, I know.”  Almirante didn’t waste a second.  “Refocus the pulser.  Once you’re sighted in, blast at Level Five.”
The process took less than ten seconds.  When the pulser fired this time, a huge rolling wave tossed Valparaiso like a toy, rolling her to port and nearly pegging her inclinometer, as acoustic shocks pummeled the underwater drones.  When she had righted herself and regained way, Almirante came over to the sonar shack and studied the display over the shoulders of Seguin, the sonar man.
“How many, Oscar?”
The sonar man studied his display.  “Looks like five.  I think we damaged all of them, Capitan.”
Almirante returned his gaze to the surface around his ship.  The water was restless, whitecaps still foaming, and the surface was littered with broken boats, rudders, spars, masts and flailing bodies.
“Okay, looks like we won this round.  Signal Temuco and Arica to form up on us.  Assume recovery formation.  We’ll move in and try to pick up survivors.”
“Aye, sir.” came the reply.
The locos are getting crazier, Almirante told himself.  He left the bridge and stood outside in a stiff wind on the weather deck, trying to light a cigarette.  Assimilationists…he shook his head, spat and coughed.  Maybe we’ll get lucky and find Froghead among the dead bodies out there.  
But he knew that Farpool Service would want to inspect the singularity core caisson and foundation before any test jumps could be made.  
That’s all these locos want.  To stop or delay the Expool…just long enough to let us be overrun by that big Bug Cloud out there.
Almirante shuddered. The Chilean Navy had done their part in driving the Assimilationists off…for the time being.  
Now it was up to UNISPACE and Farpool Service.  Almirante decided to head back to his quarters and make a clandestine, and definitely unauthorized call back to Santiago.  He wanted to make sure his wife Maria and his two daughters were packed and ready to go.
When the time came and the Expool was declared operational, Alberto Almirante planned to leave the Navy and his command and be first in line to get away…from all the chaos that had befallen Chile and the rest of this cursed planet.

Launch day dawned cloudy, breezy, humid and warm, with seas running at state three, mild whitecaps and two-meter surf crashing against the lower ramparts of Equatoria and her jetties, wharves and breakwaters.
For launch, Omt’or had been moved in its launch cradle to a huge lockout outside the hangar bay, now fully exposed to the sea.  The ship resembled a huge watermelon, with propulsors at one end, flow vanes along its flanks and the general appearance of a fat seed.  At launch, the little ship would travel just below the surface of the ocean to the outer vortex bands of the Expool, transit the turbulent zone and be swallowed by the maw of the great whirlpool.
Charley Meyer and Rey Diaz had awakened and dressed in silence, fully aware that the coming test jump was risky in the extreme, but a necessary prelude to making the Expool fully operational.
They ate a light breakfast and together, rode several lifts and tubeways to Equatoria’s Hangar C, expecting to find their ship swarming with techs making last minute fixes and adjustments.
Instead, they found the rest of their crew, Layanna Mwale and Sandy Kilgorly, huddled around the ship’s hatch with Kemal Rossi and several engineers.
Rossi was grim.  He waved Charley and Rey over.
“What’s up…launch is less than an hour…isn’t it?” Charley complained.
Rossi shook his head.  “Launch is aborted for today, Charley.  The Assimilationists made another attack last night.  Looks like their Mantas—their underwater drones—managed to damage the Expool core foundation.  We’ve got to inspect the caisson and the whole core.  It’s not safe to operate right now and this sets us back several days at least.”
Charley blinked.  She could hardly believe what she was hearing.  “What about that big Bug Cloud out there?  You heard what UNISPACE said in the last briefing.  The damn thing’s all around us.  It’s even affecting the Suns, First Sun and Second Sun.  How much longer can we wait?  The Assimilationists won’t be waiting.”
“I know, I know.  I agree.  But Farpool Service won’t release the Expool for use until we can prove the foundation and the core are okay, stable and fully functional.  Too dangerous.”
“Bah,” Charley spat.  “What bullshit.  I’m a time jumper from way back.  If we waited for perfect conditions, we’d never jump.”
“Nonetheless,” Rossi insisted, “we’ve got work to do.  Bring your crew to a briefing in two hours at—” but his words were interrupted by an assistant who had just rushed up, holding a small tablet.  He showed the tablet to Rossi, who frowned and nodded, sending the assistant away.
“I’ve been summoned to the Security office.  Briefing in my office at 1100 hours this morning.”  With that, Rossi stalked off, following his assistant to a nearby lift.  He vanished inside.
Charley summoned a nearby engineer.  “Show me the ship status logs for the last forty-eight hours.  I also want to see what Farpool Security and the Chileans did earlier this morning…what they did to the Assimilationists.”
The engineer poked and pecked at his own tablet to call up what Charley wanted.  “Of course, Captain.  Right away—”

Inside Equatoria’s security offices, Kemal Rossi was quickly conducted into an interrogation room.  Guardian General Bannock stood behind a table, arms folded, surrounded by two armed guards, scowling at a single man, young and tall, almost gaunt, with an emaciated, almost wraithlike face that stared straight ahead, oblivious to all around him.
Bannock rubbed his face anxiously.  “He calls himself Kisan Malakel.  Sons of Assimilation.  We ran normal scans and checks on all personnel inside Expool Ops yesterday, just like we always do.  This joker came up flagged…something in his facial scans, micro-gestures and skin conductance caused the system to flag him.  When we investigated, we found Mr. Malakel here wasn’t quite what we thought he was.  In fact, he’s a paid saboteur…probably working for Froghead himself.  He had a cube on him when we took him into custody.  The thing had working diagrams of Expool’s singularity core.”
Malakel just scowled, saying nothing.  His wrists were restrained in polycuffs, devices which tightened the more a detainee struggled.  Malakel didn’t move, scarcely breathed.  He sat still as a statue. 
Rossi bent over to examine the suspect’s face.  When he looked up into the light, his face was no longer a half moon.  It had morphed into a hard, impassive mask, a carnival mask, an angry clown.  Was it the light…maybe nanoderm patches changing with his mood?  Rossi had heard of the trick--
“What have you done?” Rossi seethed, right in his face.  “What have you done to the core?”
Malakel’s mask of a face broke into a faint grin.  He spoke his first words since being arrested.  
“You’ll never get the Expool to work.”
Rossi straightened up.  “Why not?  What have you done?”
Malakel shrugged, flexed his wrists then winced as they tightened even more.  “The core’s contaminated.  It won’t create the wormhole.”  He looked down at his hands and wrists, willing them to loosen up.  “That’s all I’ll say.”
Frustrated, Rossi looked at Bannock.  “We’ve got to know what he’s done.  A full inspection could take days, then any repairs—”
Bannock licked his lips nervously.  “We don’t have days.”
“Isn’t there something you can do?”
Bannock smirked, nodded cautiously.  “I can order trace matching…if it’s an emergency.”
Rossi was pleading.  “General, if this isn’t an emergency, I don’t know what is.”
Bannock stiffened.  “I agree.  I’ll have to clear it with the Director-Superior.  But that’s just paperwork.”  To the guards, he said, “Get Kessler in here, with his gear.  I’ll start prepping the subject.”
Half an hour later, a short, balding man with thick spectacles came in, a female assistant behind him, pushing a cart.
Dr. Irwin Kessler tapped a short sequence of instructions on the keyboard.  Inside a nearby containment cylinder, the ANAD master bot responded to the command, readying itself for launch.  
"ANAD reports ready in all respects," came the high-pitched voice.  
Kessler suppressed a slight smile.  "The little guy sounds like a teenager on his first date."
General Bannock rubbed a hand across morning stubble on his chin.  "More eager than I am.  You sure this'll work, Doctor?"
Kessler nodded.  "It is a new technique but we've proven it at the Northgate lab many times.  I've trained a number of techs in all the details.  Shall we get started?"
He moved aside, indicating that his assistant, Royers, should take her position at the controls.
"Gives me the creeps, I don't mind telling you," Bannock admitted.  "Invading someone's mind like this--"
"I’m told it's just a high-powered lie detector," said Rossi, not sure what to think.  “Not even sure how it works.”
"It's a damn circus trick," Bannock growled.  "We can really play back someone's memories like a recording?"
"Not exactly, sir," said Royers.  The tall blonde was helping Dr. Kessler sniff out traces for ANAD to follow.  "We just put ANAD inside the suspect and replicate a few trillion times.  Then we put the whole herd in 'bloodhound' mode and go hunting."
"What exactly are you hunting for?"
"Everybody makes memories the same way.  It's called Long-term Potentiation.  One of the chemical signatures of LTP is a molecule called glutamate…helps open a second voltage-gated channel inside the post-synaptic membrane--"
Kessler intervened.  "Allow me, Karen.  In plain English, General, what it boils down to is that we can construct crude renditions of memory traces existent in the subject's brain, up to ten to fifteen days after the memory trace is laid down.  We've been doing it experimentally at Northgate for the last six months.  ANAD shuttles around inside the subject's head like a bunch of bees, sniffing out calcium sinks in every neuron, looking for equal concentrations, down to the parts per trillion.  Everywhere that concentration is equal is a pathway, burned in, a memory trace.  ANAD follows it, sends back data on whatever it finds--calcium levels, sodium levels, activation times, lots of stuff.  We can re-construct a very crude version of what originally laid down that track.  Then we put it on the imager, cobbled out of visual and auditory sensory traces in this particular case.  They're the easiest."
"It's sort of like painting somebody's portrait from their shadow," added Royers.  "I've been at the Northgate lab for two years.  They actually used me as a guinea pig too.  Kind of an echo of a memory, if you like."
"Let's get going," Bannock growled.  "If Malakel's got anything about the singularity core, I want to know it.  It's too late for legal niceties now.  Permission to launch."
Strapped to a gurney next to the containment cylinder, Kisan Malakel had been sedated and prepped for ANAD insertion.  His body was surrounded by a fine mesh of sensors--the vascular grid--that would precisely locate ANAD inside his body, once the mech was inserted.  
Kessler patted down the incision that had been made in Malakel's neck.  "Okay, Karen, subject's prepped and ready."
Royers handed him the injector tube, attached by hose to the containment cylinder.  Inside, ANAD ticked over, ready to be launched.
"Steady even suction, Doctor," Royers reminded him.  "ANAD, report status--"
The teenager's voice crackled over the circuit.  "ANAD effectors safed for launch.  All parameters normal.  Internal bonds and states are stable.  Sensors primed and registered.  Core functions initialized…I'm ready to fly, fellows--"
Kessler glanced up at General Bannock, an embarrassed smile on his lips.  "The assembler uses a small percentage of his computational ability to simulate emotional states…sometimes, it correlates, er, inappropriately."
"Get on with it," Bannock ordered.
"Vascular grid?" Kessler asked.
"Tracking, Doctor," said Royers.  She tuned the grid to pick up the mech as soon as it was inserted.
"Let's go, then."
The insert went smoothly enough.  A slug of plasma forced the master replicant into Malakel’s capillary network at high pressure.  Kessler watched his board and quickly got an acoustic pulse seconds later.  He selected Fly-by-Stick to test out the controls.  A few minutes' run on propulsors brought ANAD to a dense mat of capillary tissue.
Royers studied the sounder image.  "Looks like you're ready for transit, Doctor.  You can force those cell membranes any time."
Kessler told ANAD to probe for weak spots in a clump of lipids, clinging like a bunch of grapes in the middle of the wall.  "I'll try there first--"
He steered ANAD toward a cleft in the membrane lipids, pulsing one of the carbene grabbers to twist a nearby molecule just so, then released the lipid and slingshot himself forward through the gap.  Seconds later, ANAD was floating in a plasma bath, dark, viny shapes visible off in the distance.  He tweaked the picowatt propulsor to a higher power setting and took a navigation hack off the grid.
"Aortic cavity, Doc.  Just past the Islet of Duchin, I'd say.  Looks like we're in.  Where are we going now?"
Start Fourier Transform;
Start Delacroix Transform;
Start Trace Matching….
Chapter 12

Atacama Expool and Trappist-1e
Lastober 15, 2415 (Solix/ Earth U.T.)
Unknown Kv (Epoch of Kel’vishtu)

Repairing the Expool singularity core took four days of twenty-four-hour effort by dozens of engineers and techs.  Every day, Kemal Rossi held multiple briefings with engineers and technicians, following their efforts closely…inspecting, testing, purifying and re-initializing the singularity that lay at the heart of the Expool.
The situation was made worse by Rossi’s daily briefings with Admiral Cash, the commanding officer of Farpool Service and CINCSPACE General Salaam.  Both officers gave Rossi daily updates on what the Kuiper Belt Anomaly—the Big Bug Swarm—was doing.
“It doesn’t look good,” Salaam reported via vidcon from Gateway Station.  “Second Sun—Jupiter—is under immediate threat.  The Bugs have already consumed Pluto and are moving toward the orbit of Saturn.  We’ve tried counterswarms, to no affect.  The bastards are damned well controlled and configured.  So far, we haven’t been able to figure out how.  We tried big blasts of HERF, our high-energy radio frequency weapons.  The blasts manage to fry and scatter the Bugs locally, but they just reconstitute and keep coming.  There have been proposals out of the Sea Council for some kind of Earthshield in space, or multiple rings of shields.  But we don’t have to time to build and emplace them.”
Admiral Cash ran a hand through thinning hair and agreed.  “Panic and chaos and anarchy are growing.  The human cities that aren’t flooded…Moscow, Beijing, Dallas, Denver…are breaking down.  You’ve no doubt seen the thousands of boats and water craft descending on Equatoria and the Expool site.”
Rossi nodded glumly.  “The Chilean Navy’s doing the best they can, along with UNIFORCE Security.  But it’s like sticking your finger in a dike.”
Cash was direct.  “Rossi, how close is this Expool to being operational?  Scuttlebutt I’m hearing is you’re testing the crap out of it.  We don’t have the time to do that.”
Rossi stiffened.  “Sir, we’re doing everything by the book.  The core looks clean but we’re doing a re-initialization later this—”
Cash exploded.  “Goddamn it, Rossi!  To hell with the book.  Is your test crew ready?”
Rossi reddened, hoping that couldn’t be seen on the vid.  “Yes, sir.  Just these final tests and—”
Cash interrupted.  “Finish your tests today.  I want that ship launched by 0800 hours tomorrow.  We’ve got to know if Expool works and we’ve got to know what’s at the other end…is Trappist-1e viable as a second home for humans and Amphibs and even sea people.”
Rossi knew enough not to argue with CINCFAR when he was like this.  “I’ll see to it at once, sir.”
Once the officers had signed off, Rossi found himself shaking, with anger or fear, he couldn’t tell.  He went to the huge window of his office and stared out for a few moments at the dizzying hundreds of air and waterborne craft restlessly orbiting the Expool site.  The sky and the sea were thick with every manner of craft—drones, mantas, motorboats, shrimpers, lighters, trawlers, barges and scows, all the way to the horizon. 
Like moths to a light, he told himself.   It’ll be chaos once the wormhole is active.  People aren’t stupid, they follow the news.  And the news wasn’t good.  
Rossi knew he had no choice but to follow Admiral Cash’s orders.  He rang up Crew Ops, down at the hangar level.
“Tell Captain Meyer to get her crew ready.  We’re doing an all-up test of the Expool this afternoon.  The ship launches tomorrow.”
After that, Rossi poured himself three fingers of gin and knocked it back in one gulp, as he watched the growing commotion out at sea.

Charley was firmly strapped in and checked her board. Thankfully, the headaches, all the memory lapses had subsided…for now.  The board was all green, all copacetic and no flags. On Kemal Rossi’s orders, Omt’or had been powered up several hours before, her MHD power plant and singularity core ticking over, humming, now sending a slight shudder through her hull.
“Ready all systems…stand by for final check and all-call.”
One by one, the crew came back.
“Ready, Pilot.”
“P1 is go!”
“Nav is ready.”
“Engineer…yo and go!”
“Propulsors on line…ease her out, Rey.”
Omt’or lurched as her MHD jets opened up to one-quarter throttle and she slipped her ways and surged out into the cross-currents swirling around Equatoria.
“Answering one-quarter, handling nicely, Captain.  Fighting cross-currents.”
“Steady as she goes…steer course zero eight.  Nav, how do we look?”
Layanna Mwale checked her boards and instruments.   Active sonar was pinging all around, showing up specks and chirps on his waterfall display.  “Plenty of traffic, Captain, but we’re clear on that heading.  The Navy’s opened up a corridor for us.  Recommend depth fifty meters.  Expool outer vortex fields six point two kilometers…ten minutes at this speed.”
“Very well.”  Charley opened up the 1MC to talk to the others.  “Omt’or now underway on propulsor.  Expool in ten minutes.  Engineer, advise status of singularity core.”
Sandy Kilgorly’s voice came back.  “Core on line and ticking at sixty-five percent.  Deco wakes in the green, entanglers humming.  She’s ready for action.”
Omt’or closed the distance to the outer vortex fields of the Expool in nine minutes.
It was Mwale, slightly green and tight-lipped behind Rey Diaz, who noticed the first effects of the huge waterspout and whirlpool.
The navigator was preoccupied studying her plot when a faint tug on the side of the craft startled her.
“Something’s happening—“
Diaz patted the Mwale on her knee.  “Patience, girl, patience…this is normal.  Just relax, okay?”
“I don’t know, but it feels like we’re moving sideways.”  Mwale ignored her plot table and plastered her nose to the porthole, trying to make something out.  “It’s silty out there.  Dark too.  Deeper water.  You feel that?”
Some kind of force was pushing them sideways in the water.  At the same time, the compartment picked up a light shuddering vibration, gyrating like a top at the end of a string.
“Yeah…we’re at the vortex fields…that’s what’s happening.”
Mwale gripped her seat so hard her knuckles turned white.  “…the water’s all rushing sideways, dirt, pieces of things…I can’t really make it out.”
“Relax, girl…just enjoy the ride.  It’s better than an E-ticket.”
The force began to increase, a centrifugal force that soon shoved them to one side of the compartment and pressed them hard against the walls.  Worse, the compartment began a slow roll, a rotation that didn’t remain slow for long, but picked up rate at a steady clip.
Soon, they were spinning enough to become slightly disoriented and dizzy.  
“Now, it’s my stomach…I don’t feel so—“
Mwale’s words were suddenly lost in a bright flash of light, a searing, painfully white strobing light that flooded the compartment and blinded all of them.
“Rudder amidships!” Charley ordered.  She thumbed a small dial, straining against the centrifugal force.  “Flow vanes to thirty percent!”
The spin kept accelerating and moments later, Layanna Mwale passed out.
Early morning strollers along Equatoria’s upper promenade decks were treated to an incredible sight offshore, just before dawn.  Backlit with the orange glow of sunrise to the east, a thin ropy waterspout formed several kilometers beyond the horizon, visible as far south as the northern beaches of Chile.  As the spout danced and skipped across the waves, a bright pulse of light emerged from the sea and vaulted heavenward along the length of the spout, followed by a series of light pulses, as if the spout were sucking buckets of light right out of the ocean.
The light pulses disappeared into low-hanging clouds and vanished, leaving only a faint iridescent flicker, like a silent lightning discharge.  
Moments later, the waterspout collapsed into the sea and the ocean returned to its restless heaving.  
Unknown to the residents of Atacama province’s Punta Morro luxury seahomes, the crew of jumpship Omt’or had just been catapulted into the whirling heart of the wormhole at the very center of the Expool.  Caught in a roaring, crashing river of infinite eddies and currents of time, they rode the dragon’s tail until Rey Diaz saw his display light up green and called bingo.
At his signal, Charley Meyer slammed Omt’or’s flow vanes out full and punched the ship hard over, right into the faint, barely perceptible fingers of Time Stream T-009, the presumed corridor to the Trappist-1 system.  Like a cocked fist, T-009 grabbed them and yanked them out of the mainstream and into the midst of a million tomorrows.
After that, she slumped back in her seat and let the black hole of unconsciousness wash over her.

Trappist-1e
Forty lightyears from Earth
Time: Unknown

When she came to, Charley became immediately aware that the ship was floating, bobbing and rolling in the waves of some kind of body of water.  Rossi and his astronomers had long surmised that their target world was home to large bodies of open water and it seemed they had found one, somehow landed in one.
She struggled back to some kind of consciousness—her mind was momentarily blank and she fought a rising panic, not knowing where she was or why she was here and where the hell was here anyway?  Was it that damned syndrome again, the friggin’ GDS?  Farpool transits had never done this to her before.  Then she became aware that Rey Diaz and the others were stirring all around her.  There were coughs, groans, creaks and sneezes.
“Oh…I think that was my head,” said Layanna Mwale.  Her ivory necklace clinked as she shook herself out of a stupor.
“Hey,” cried Sandy Kilgorly, “what’s with the sky?”
Charley peered out her side porthole and was immediately stunned at what she saw.
Omt’or had indeed landed in water.  Whether a large lake or a sea, she couldn’t tell.  But Kilgorly was right…the sky was a blood red color, like a stain had bled all over this strange world.
Squinting to see better through a faint pink mist, she realized there was a beach, a rocky headland and some kind of land not too far away.  
“I see the Expool out my porthole,” Mwale said.  “It’s still there, like a rope dancing across the waves.  Looks okay from here.”
Charley tried to put her attention back on the test mission.  “Nav, Layanna, can you determine if we made our destination okay?”
Mwale buried her head in her instruments, the rings on her fingers clacking across her board as she tapped keys like a pianist.  
“Convergence angle at last measurement is twenty-two point five degrees.  Worldlines are converging on the same angle.  Entanglers say we followed the corridor as programmed, no flags or excursions worth mentioning.  I’m following the flow vane movements ALBERT recorded.”  ALBERT was the ship’s computer, responsible for guiding Omt’or during the most critical phases of the transit.  “Everything looks nominal from here…actuator profiles as expected.   Chronometric variances within planned error bars.  I think we’re where we’re supposed to be.”
Charley exhaled a slight breath of satisfaction.  She didn’t even realize she had been holding her breath.  “That means the Expool worked as designed.  And Omt’or did her job.”
Rey Diaz said quietly.  “So, this is Trappist-1e.”
“Hey, look at the sun.”
Charley leaned across Rey’s lap to glimpse the Trappist-1 star out his side porthole.  
“A crimson sun,” she said.
“It’s bigger than ours.  Bigger than First Sun.”
“Remember the briefings?  We’re a lot closer.  Maybe three percent the Earth-Sun distance, say about five million kilometers.  This place orbits its sun in less than six Earth days.”
“Wicked,” said Sandy Kilgorly.  “Did I see some land up ahead?  Or is it that just some bloody pink mist?”
Charley probed their surroundings with narrowband sonar.  “It’s there all right.  Looks to be maybe five plus kilometers away.  The seabed is showing up rocky, slopes up sharply.  I’d like to put us on that beach, but we’ll have to be careful not to hole her on these reefs.”
“Dry land, more or less,” said Rey.  “I’d go for that.”
“Hang on,” Charley said.  “And strap in.”
She fired up Omt’or’s propulsors—blinking to try and re-focus--and the ship responded smartly, wallowing a bit in the surf.  “While we’re underway, somebody check the air.”
Kilgorly did the honors, letting Omt’or’s sensors sniff the local atmosphere.  A few moments later, he reported back.
“Shows about 18% oxygen.  Nitrogen and methane, plus trace gases are the rest.  Less than Earth’s 21% but hopefully not too low to be hypoxic.  Got some fierce winds out there though.”
They had all felt the ship rocking as she approached the headland.  
Moments later, Omt’or ground upward as her hull planed onto the beach, groaning and creaking as she lurched and settled to a stop.  
They had come to a narrow spit of sand wedged in between craggy and rocky ramparts on both sides.  
Charley shut off the propulsors.  “This is far as we can go.”  She stared out at the forbidding terrain, draped in ruddy mist, with the wan daub of the sun Trappist-1 barely shining through like a baleful bloodshot eye.
“I christen this spot Landfall.  Humanity’s first landing on a world in this system.”
Rey reached over and squeezed her scaly hand.  “Not bad for an Amphib lady.”
Layanna Mwale was already undoing her straps and harnesses.  “Last one out is a rotten egg—”
Cautiously, the crew cycled through Omt’or’s lockout one at a time.  Charley went first, followed by Rey, Mwale and Kilgorly.  Once they were all outside, huddled against the wind in the lee of the ship, Charley managed to mark their bootprints with a rock she found, making circles and impressions to mark their first steps.
“For posterity,” she explained.  “Take some pictures.  Let’s wander around for a few minutes, take some measurements and samples and get the ship ready for departure.  We’ve got to jump back and let Rossi and his eggheads know what happened.  The Expool seems to work okay and the destination seems livable enough.”
“More or less,” muttered Rey Diaz.  He marched off over to the first cliff and began trying to climb up to higher ground.
Kilgorly had an idea.  “Captain, why don’t I release some ANAD bots and let them fabricate some basic shelter?  I’ve got the right configs…only take a few moments.”
Charley thought that was a good idea.  “Do it, Sandy.  A kind of passenger terminal for the next visitors.  Layanna, make sure we’re recorded every bit of navigation data we can…Rossi will want to know our exact course through the corridor, every setting, every switch, every actuator movement.  We want others to follow, to be able to replicate what we did exactly.”
Mwale mock-saluted.  “I’m on it.”  She ducked back inside through the lockout hatch.
For the next few minutes, Charley and Rey were alone outside.  
“May as well explore,” she decided.  She hoisted herself up a slick seam of rock, losing purchase several times, until Rey gave her a boost.  Together, the two of them clambered up to higher ground.  The terrain was rocky and riven with streams, with some sparse vegetation between the streams, mostly stunted bushes with prickly leaves and limbs.  Rey snagged a leg on one, but the sharp edges didn’t break his suit leg.
“Reminds me of the American Pacific coast,” Charley said.  “At least, before the floods.  Steep cliffs, little ground cover, signs of serious erosion.  I’m calling this area Omt’orland, since we’re the first to see it.”
“Great,” said Rey.  “Put up a sign and fence.  I don’t think anyone will fight you over this rockpile.”
“It’s just that sky and sun that makes it so weird.  Like it’s always twilight.”
“The red makes me think there are wildfires nearby.”
“Yeah, but probably not enough oxygen for that.  Sandy’s right.  I am feeling a little out of breath.”
Rey said suddenly, “Hey, what the hell is that--?”  He pointed out to sea, where through the pink mist, the thin ropy waterspout of the Expool still danced and bobbed over the ocean surface.
They both stared for a few moments.
“My God—” breathed Charley in disbelief.  “Are those…”
“People…bodies…small boats…what the hell--?”
Like a crazed merry-go-round, the Expool was now disgorging a steady stream of objects from inside its vortex, flinging them outward in a spinning tornado of debris and parts.  Charley and Rey watched in dumbfounded amazement as streams of bodies and boats and furniture and crates and pods and drones and aircycles and jetboards and scores, then hundreds of unrecognizable things came shooting out of the Expool vortex.
“I don’t believe—”
Charley was furious.  “Believe it.  The Chilean Navy must have been overwhelmed.  My God, look at them!  Look at it!”
The streams of objects flung off never slackened, even as Charley and Rey slid and scrambled down the cliff edge to the beach.  Already, dozens of bodies were bobbing in the whitecaps and surf offshore, some rolling closer to them with each crashing wave.  Before long, the first bodies began washing up onto the beach.
Rey watched the spectacle in dismay.  “We’ll never get back into the Expool as long as it’s flinging off people and boats.”
Charley had to agree.  “Remember all those boats and drones and jetboards we saw circling Equatoria…how could people just dive into a wormhole and expect to live?  It’s insane.”
“They’re desperate.  Something must be happening back home—”
They both saw the small sled-like craft emerge from a crashing wave at the same time.  It skimmed the whitecaps then plunged nose-first into the beach, rolling over like a carcass several times.
“Come on!” Charley cried.  “There are people inside--!”
She scrambled down the slope, slipping and sliding on her butt until she landed hard on the beach.  Rey was right behind.  They sped off to the small craft—it looked vaguely familiar to Charley, like something she had seen before.
“It’s a kip’t!” she yelled.  “A Seomish sled!  They may be alive inside!”
As they skidded to a stop on the sand, the kip’t canopy eased open and two passengers fell out onto the sand.  One was male, one female.  Both young.  They were dazed, cut and bleeding and as the male attempted to stand up, he wobbled and sat back down heavily, holding his head.
Charley got there first, saw the open wound on his head and used the medgun on her hypersuit arm to quickly cauterize the injury, holding the back of his head with her hand.
He blinked, coughed, looked up gratefully.  “Thanks, mum…whoever you are.”
Rey examined the female and found her mostly unhurt, though stiff and sore.  She offered a faint smile in thanks.
After a few minutes to get their bearings, Charley and Rey helped the two passengers to a small boulder nearby, where they both steadied themselves against a stiffening breeze.  More bodies and debris and wreckage came crashing onshore as the Expool flung off craft and torn arms and leg stumps and headless bodies and unrecognizable scraps like a whirling dervish.  
The male passenger winced at the sight.  “The poor bastards…I guess we were lucky, huh?”
Charley stood up, nodding.  “Very.   What made you dive into a wormhole like that in this little kip’t.  It was never made for something like that.”
The male shrugged, offered his name and a hand, which Charley took.  “Nigel Cockley.  This here’s—” he shifted his elbow in the direction of the female—"Vanessa Snowden.”  Cockley shrugged.  “We got caught in the vortex, that’s all.  Got too close.  It was madness—all those boats, you couldn’t steer or maneuver at all.”
Snowden coughed up something, spat it out and agreed.  “We got sucked in.”
Charley motioned to Rey.  “Let’s get them back to the ship.  They need fluids and some place warm.  This one—” she indicated Snowden, “may be going into shock.  And I don’t like that nasty bruise on her cheek.”
With help, Cockley and Snowden made it up to the top of the cliff and then buddy-walked with Charley and Rey across the ruddy, rock-strewn ground back to Omt’or.  On the way, Cockley explained what had happened.
“It’s true, mum.  People were desperate.  Boats and jetboards and flyers, they’re all just driving or crashing into the Expool.  The Chilean Navy couldn’t handle the crush and pulled back.  Actually, I think some of them dove into the wormhole too.  I saw mantas—you know, those small subs—being commandeered by sailors and steered off toward the vortex.”
“You sound English.  Did you come from Equatoria?  And where’d you get that kip’t?”
Snowden sniffed, stumbled, and held tightly to Rey’s shoulder as they approached the jumpship.  “Actually, Tridentia.  One of the sea states.”
Cockley half-laughed.  “The sled we stole.  It’s Ponkti.  Tridentia was in negotiations with the Ponkti at their big city—Ponkel’te, I think—some kind of treaty for trade and all.  We stole the sled—the kip’t—and hid it.  When Tridentia left for Hawaii, we figured that was our best chance.  We fled the city and headed out across the Pacific in that little craft.  Boy—” Cockley shook his head ruefully, “was that ever a mistake.  It took days for me and Nessie here to get the hang of those sound-powered controls.  Lots of yelling and screaming and fist-banging…but we finally figured it out.”
“Then we came to Equatoria and followed her to the Expool.”
Their wounds treated, Cockley and Snowden were introduced to Mwale and Kilgorly and given something to eat and drink in the jumpship galley.
Charley was deep in thought staring out the porthole at the blood-red terrain outside.  The pink fog was gone and she could make out the thin, undulating rope of the Expool, still flinging off more and more bodies and pieces of boats and aircraft.
Cockley seemed to read her thoughts.  “We’d heard there was a test jump planned.  Some Equatorians told us.  You must be it.”
Rey said, “Operation Trappist.  Our mission was to prove the corridor works, that the Expool could be navigated.  We never expected so many—”
Charley interrupted, “What the hell’s going on back home?”
Cockley and Snowden took turns explaining.  “It’s that big Bug cloud.  The UNISPACE people said it was moving rapidly into the inner solar system.  We could all see it had already consumed Second Sun.  Jupiter…what was Jupiter…was gone.   All the moons too…Europa, Callisto, the lot of them…just gone.”
Snowden nodded vigorously, her face wreathed in steam from the cup of hot tea.  “They’re estimating the rest of the System will be consumed in a year, maybe less.  Casualty estimates are already in the millions…there’s nowhere to go, nowhere to hide.  People are frantic, all over…the Moon, Mars, all those free space settlements.  On Earth, it’s chaos and the floods and rising sea levels don’t make it any better.  Tridentia was already turning away refugees by the thousands every week.  People just drifting around in the ocean, living on make-shift rafts, old furniture, whatever wreckage they could find, even rusted-out buses and cars.”
“The worst part is the bodies,” Cockley added, looking from Charley to Rey to Mwale and Kilgorly, pleading his case.  “Bloated ‘islands’ of bodies all tangled together, drifting with the currents, blackened by the sun, picked over by the birds…” he shuddered at the memory of it.  “We had nowhere else to go—”
Charley held up a hand.  “Okay, okay…you’re here.  We’ll deal with it.”
Mwale shook her head.  “With the Expool discharging all that—all those people and boats and all—how the hell are we going to jump back?”
Charley paced the small galley, helped herself to some dry and doughy pastries.  Chewing, she said, “I don’t know.  Right now, we’ve got a first-class humanitarian crisis on our hands.”
“Yeah, but we can’t feed and shelter all of them,” said Kilgorly.  He ran a hand through his hair in frustration.
Charley had an idea.  “No, but we can fab some shelters.  Sandy, get ANAD going.  Hack out a config for some basic shelters—nothing fancy—and bring the master bot down to the beach.  We can set up a sort of tent city on that headland that overlooks the shore.  There are even some streams nearby.”
“We’d better check the water first,” Mwale decided.  “What about food?  Clothing, all that stuff?”
“We’ll figure it out.  Sandy, get to work on ANAD.  Rey, you and Layanna, come with me.”
Orders given, the crew made sure Cockley and Snowden were reasonably comfortable, then Kilgorly and Mwale piled out of the jumpship behind Charley and headed down to the beach, now a scene of mass confusion, with piles of dead and injured groaning and writhing among broken spars and smashed hulls and shattered wings.

Charley soon ran into a small Chilean family that had made the trip through the Expool relatively unscathed, apparently some of the Navy people who’d commandeered a manta.
The manta lay on its side, a ray-shaped underwater autocraft, one of hundreds she had seen circling the wormhole and Equatoria itself.
A tall, erect man introduced himself, clearly military from his bearing.  Seeing Charley’s Farpool Service hypersuit and insignia, he offered a quick salute, then a handshake and a wan smile.
“Capitan de Navio Alberto Almirante,” he said, but his voice was weak and hoarse, his black hair and moustache wet and slick. “Armada de Chile.  The Valparaiso was my ship.  And this is my family—”
Charley was introduced to Almirante’s wife Maria, who turned out to be an associate chef at a Santiago restaurant—“she makes a delicious carbonada and ajiaco, best in the city,” Almirante boasted.  He showed off two teen-aged daughters, Luiza and Monika.  
Charley examined the manta, her eyes wide at the scorch marks on the hull and the bent  planes and vanes.  “You stole this, didn’t you?”
Almirante stiffened, thought to object, then sat back heavily against the hull, and looked down at his feet.  “I had no choice.  The people—the locos--there were just too many—”
Charley wasn’t feeling particularly sympathetic.  “Your whole family could have died in this…you know that, don’t you?  Going into the Expool in a contraption like this— you’re  a Navy man.  You should have known better.”
He looked up, his eyes hollow and red.  “No, you see…my family—”
Charley cut him off.  “And the Chilean Navy…what are you, spineless worms?”
That made Almirante mad and he stood up abruptly, erect and firm.  “I am a capitan in the Navy…I am not talked to in this way.”
Charley brushed that off.  “It doesn’t matter now.  We’re all in the same predicament.  For your information, I’m captain of jumpship Omt’or.  Here, you do what I say.”  She got right in his face.  “Now, grab your belongings and come with me.  We’re fabbing shelters fast as we can up on that cliff.”

A day and a half passed before the volume of refugees began to slacken off and two days after they had landed, the Expool no longer flung off bodies and other unrecognizable debris.  The waterspout churned and burned out to sea, at times a thin dancing rope, at other times, a writhing python of water and steam, flickering with iridescent light, crackling with barely contained energies.
How long it might remain there, Charley couldn’t even hazard a guess.  She wasn’t even sure anyone was left at the Earth end to manage and control the corridor.
“We’ve got bigger fish to take care of,” she told Rey the afternoon of the second day.
As she and her crew worked to get shelters ready, Charley couldn’t help but see the irony of the situation.  It almost made her laugh.
The whole thing was an eerie analog of how the Seomish themselves had originally come through the first Farpool generations ago, fleeing their own doomed sun and the growing conflict between a Uman force that had set up base on their world and the approach of a malevolent entity the Umans called the Coethi.  She wondered if the Kuiper Belt Anomaly might even be the same entity.  It wasn’t impossible, after all.
Now it seemed humans themselves were fleeing their own worlds from the same menace.  Her own hybrid crew of amphibs and humans had even led Humanity on a new emigration to this crimson world of Trappist-1e.
Confronted with this new reality, Charley and Rey had little choice but to help organize the emigrant hordes somehow and begin to explore their new home and its environment.
Inevitably, fights broke out and the emigrants soon began self-organizing into small groups, then gangs, troops, and loose bands.  Anarchy reigned in the new tent city and across the rubbly plain between the shore and jumpship Omt’or, even as crude settlements were built and eventually towns and villages were constructed further away.
Charley led Rey and small contingent of refugees on a brief ground survey of the land, augmented by a small fleet of microflyers the ship had carried in her stores.  It soon became apparent that Omt’or had landed on the edge of a large continent-sized island.  Hearing no other suggestions, Charley assumed her right as mission commander and christened the island Omt’orland, in honor of the Seomish kel she had always considered her family.  By consensus, the site of their original landing, as well as the tent city and the still operating Expool offshore became known as Landfall.
Many of the refugees seemed eager to be part of the swelling community and took to calling themselves Landers.
The island was several hundred kilometers in extent, roughly shaped like a spearhead, with small blood-red mountain ranges in its interior and rocky cliffs streaked with a white chalk-like substance along its western shores.  This led Nigel Cockley to name the area Dover, in honor of its English namesake.
There was vegetation, mostly the prickly leafed low bushes, but as yet, no one had encountered any animal life.  Most hoped not to.
Further surveys by microflyer over the next few weeks established that Omt’orland was one of numerous islands and that a much larger landmass lay well to their south, a continent eventually dubbed Tridentia, though some refugees insisted on giving it the name Hesperia.
So, in this manner, over time and after numerous surveys, the whole of Trappist-1e came to be cataloged and named, though not yet fully surveyed or explored.  
It was a smallish world, perhaps seventy percent the size of Earth, with a commensurate gravity and an oxygen atmosphere, though the oxygen content was lower and there were occasional cases of borderline hypoxia among the older refugees.
Landfall and Omt’orland grew apace and inevitably, so did conflicts and territorial clashes and skirmishes.
Charley could only look on helplessly as the refugees, by now numbering several thousand, segmented themselves into gangs, clans and tribes.
Then came the day when an attack on the jumpship itself brought the first casualties of war.
One gang had broken away, led by a charismatic Ponkti hybrid amphib named Klindok and an Egyptian Army colonel named Faisal, giving themselves the nickname ‘Pricklies.”  A day of particularly dense pink fog had occurred and the Pricklies decided it was wrong for Charley and the ‘Landers’ to monopolize all the fabs and replicators.  
“You’ve got to be trained to handle these things,” Charley had told them.
Early that morning, Faisal led a small force of Pricklies from their redoubt beyond the Mid Ridge—a land of steep but low rock hills that bisected the island of Omt’orland—into the camp where the jumpship had first landed, stealing around the perimeter of the tent city that occupied much of Landfall.
Two gang members then slipped inside the ship and made their way toward E deck, where the fabs were stored, as well as containment cylinders of ANAD swarms.  Their plan was to take several fabs and cylinders, then help themselves to additional medical and other supplies.
But they ran right into Layanna Mwale.
After a short, but sharp scuffle, Mwale lay on the deck, cut, bleeding, with a dislocated shoulder.  Faisal and his men attempted to leave the ship, but Mwale had managed to sound an alarm.
Lander militia, organized by Capitan Almirante, had come running.  The two forces collided just outside the hatch of Omt’or and the melee was on.
The Pricklies had come well-prepared.  Though small in number, they sported spears and halberds fashioned from the sharp limbs and edges of pricklybushes.  Cutting and slashing, they inflicted horrendous injuries in the early minutes of the fight, then worked their way around the tent city toward a small gorge that fronted the tent city and the landing camp on the north side.
However, Almirante, as a Navy officer, knew tactics and was able to plug the Pricklies’ escape route by shifting some of his own force.  Now trapped at one end of the gorge, unwilling to take that route and expose his men further, Faisal turned his Pricklies to make a stand and the gang found themselves pelted with a barrage of stones and rocks, for the Landers had quickly fashioned their own weapons, a particularly deadly rock sling that, used properly at medium range, could inflict grievous injuries on an unprotected force.
The Landers found they could barrage the Pricklies from a distance, while Faisal’s men could not fight effectively with their spears except at close range.
At first unwilling to enlarge the scale of the conflict, Charley finally gave in, ordering her own crew--Rey, Mwale (with her good arm) and Kilgorly—to break out real weapons from the ship’s armory.
“We’ve got to put a stop to this madness,” she said, charging up her own magpulser carbine.  “If I don’t act, somebody’s going to be killed.”
“Or worse,” Rey added.
The crew left the ship and, bit by bit, worked themselves around the tent city to some high ground, a patch of blood-red hillocks that rose on the other side of the tent city from the gorge and the defile where Pricklies and Landers were already engaged in hand-to-hand combat.  The pink fog had lifted slightly, but their flanking movements were still well-concealed.  Charley planned to defilade her crew near the highest of the hillocks, and fire over top of the tent city.  She ordered her crew to set minimum force on their weapons, a mixture of magpulsers—which threw off powerful loops of magnetic energy—and HERF rifles, radio-frequency weapons that at full force could shatter even the rocks surrounding them.
Once in position, she made sure they had calculated the correct range and had a clear field of fire.
“Don’t want to pulverize those tents down there,” she told them.  “Fire for effect, at first.  Fire over their heads.  Try to loosen some rock at the top of that gorge.  That should get their attention.”
After firing off a few bursts and initiating a deadly landslide into the gorge, Charley was about to order a ceasefire, and give the combatants a chance to back off.
But her words were drowned out by something they had never seen before.
It came from the pink sky.
Rey was about to blast another round of HERF, but a dark shadow passed in front of them, momentarily blotting out some of the murky crimson light.
“Wow!  What was that?” he said.  He craned forward to squint into the fog.  “Something big, dark…see?  Two o’clock low…just between those clouds!”
Charley looked.  Her eyes blinked.  I’m not seeing this.  It’s a dream. It’s the syndrome.  What did the Service psychs call this…delusional apprehension of unconscious or imaginary perceptions….
A hundred meters over them, the flock wheeled and dove and careened on dancing thermals, into and out of cloud banks. A flock.  As in avian lifeforms.  Birds.  On Trappist-1e.
“Oh…my God….”
The flock seemed to extend for hundreds of meters in every direction, above them, below them, everywhere they looked.  Indeed, the gorge and the tent city appeared to be right in the middle of the vast formation.
Rey blinked hard and rubbed his eyes.  “It’s the light.  Has to be.  Some kind of weird refraction.”
“Rey, look, for God’s sake!  They’re birds.  Flying creatures.”
Even as she said that, a small group of them careened near the jumpship, swooping by the portholes with curious eyes and chattering beaks.  The roar of the surf below the cliffs drowned out any sound but Charley gasped at the sight.  She commlinked in with ALBERT, aboard the ship, sending imagery from her dataspecs.
“Pterodactylus ALBERT says,” she whispered.  “Or something similar…Evolution worked out the same result on two different worlds.  See those gray wings…collagen fiber, with keratin bone support.  All those conical teeth, look at them!  And how long is that beak?”
Rey just shook his head.  “I’m not seeing this.  I am not seeing this.”
“Look with your eyes, stupid!  Shut off your brain and look with your eyes.  See the big black and blue crest on top…and what the hell is that protrusion at the top?  It’s fantastic…it’s a birder’s dream come true.  White breast bleeding into a dark blue neck….”
For a few moments, they followed the swoops, dips, dives and turns of the flock.  Then they flinched when they saw two of the birds—later, the Landers would give them name thermosaurs—dive and hover over a fallen Prickly gang member.  As they watched in horror, the ‘saurs began pecking and poking at the injured man, who screamed and rolled over and over trying to protect himself.
Without thinking, Charley and Rey both let fly a barrage of mag and HERF fire, driving the ‘saurs back into the sky.  After the barrage, the flock seemed to disperse, settling into a majestic orbit over the battlefield before disappearing into the fog.  
They were gone.
And the battle stopped as if by some unseen force.  Pricklies began gathering their own wounded and Landers did likewise.
Charley and Rey left their position and slid down to the rubble-strewn ground, where they stepped carefully around injured, wounded and bleeding Pricklies and Landers.  Without any orders, both sides began helping each other attend their injured and collect their people. 
Pausing at one, Rey bent to examine a particularly nasty cut on the face of a young, teen-aged Lander boy, when something scuttled out of nearby rock pile and sliced into Rey’s boot, into his ankle and foot right through the boot.
“Ouch!  Hey…my God—ow--!”  Rey sat back on the ground and kicked at the creatures.  Later, the Landers and Pricklies would agree to call the armadillo-like animals rockmoles, or occasionally rockadillos.   There were three—they had seemingly emerged right from small nearly invisible holes and seams in the rocks themselves.  Thick as pythons, with numerous fur-covered legs, a short fan-like tail and sharp pincers around their mouths and tiny slit eyes, the rockmoles quickly scuttled off into another burrow, but not after a nearby Prickly tried to slam his spear into one of them.  He missed.
Charley grew alarmed as it was clear Rey had been bitten by the creature.  Some kind of toxin had entered his body and he was already shaking and shivering when Charley ordered a makeshift litter be created and her pilot carried off to the jumpship.  The combatants, now sobered by the thermosaurs and the rockmoles, quickly gave way and let the litter through.
Rey was deposited on the bed in his own quarters as Omt’or’s sick bay was already crammed with injured from the battle.
Layanna Mwale, nursing her dislocated shoulder, injected several steroids directly into Rey’s arm to immediately combat any anaphylactic shock.  
Charley decided Mwale should do some serious internal scanning.  Mwale had already hooked up IVs and tubes.  Two medbots purred around the gurney, making last minute adjustments, attaching probes and catheters, drawing blood, scanning.  Mwale—trained as a medtech before they had jumped-- perused the results on a nearby screen.  “Mmm…looks like a dislocated hip…broken right ankle…no obvious internal bleeding, but there’s evidence of a concussion—see those EEGs?  I’m sure he’s in shock, so we’ll have to work on building up his fluids.  And then there’s that…see the shadows around his lower cerebrum?”
Charley saw them.  “A tumor?”
“Maybe.  More likely, from the signature, it’s internal swelling around the skull.  One of these medbots has a program for hemicraniectomy…we may have to do that pretty soon—“
Charley bent down, bringing her face closer to Rey’s purplish cheeks and whispered.
“Be tough, you beefjerk.  We’ll have you patched up and back in shape in no time.”
Mwale waved her back.  “Step over there, Captain.  I’m bringing up a biostatic field…these buggers will bite if you stay inside.”  She pressed a few buttons and the swarm launched from a port on the side of the gurney.  In seconds, it had expanded to a light, flickering fog, enveloping Rey and the gurney, cocooning him in a sterile wrap of static nanobots.  “I’m prepping an insert too…put a few bots into his skull and see what’s causing that swelling.”
“Thanks,” Charley murmured.  A hard swallow caught in the back of her throat.
She left the ship and went outside, among the crowds milling about the camp, looking for and eventually finding the Pricklies’ gang leaders, Klindok and Faisal.  Almirante soon joined them.
Charley motioned the three of them to follow her to a small rock hollow on the other side of the ship.  She was heartened to see both sides mixing among the crowd.  Clearly, the flock of thermosaurs and the rockmoles, not to mention their own substantial casualties, had sobered all.  There seemed to be no more stomach for a fight.
Charley had no agenda, just blurted out what she felt.
“Look, guys, we can’t do this.  We don’t know what this world has in store for us.  Somehow, we’ve got to get along.”
Klindok hissed at her words.  “Spoken like true Omtorish scum.  We have every right to some of those fabs.  Some of your ANAD cylinders too.  You’ve kicked us out and left us to fend for ourselves.  We don’t know what’s out there—” he waved an armfin at the Mid Ridge and the gorge, its slides still streaming rocks and dirt from the HERF bursts.  
Faisal added, “We just want to defend ourselves.  We asked for supplies and nothing happened…what do you expect us to do, eat rock?”
“I expect you to act like adults, not five-year-olds.  Until we can figure out a way to get off this rockpile, we’re stuck here.  We have to work together to survive.”
“What about the Expool?” Almirante asked.  “It’s still spinning out there in the ocean.”
“And it’s not stable…you should be able to see that with your own eyes.  It’s fading, spinning down, not always dropping down to the ocean surface.  The damn thing may just evaporate tomorrow.”
Faisal’s eyes were downcast.  He stroked his black beard.  “Inshallah, there’s nothing left for us on Earth anyway.  Or anywhere in the system.  The Bug Cloud—”
Almirante brightened.  “Maybe we should hold a big meeting.  You know, encuentro...like a conclave of some type.”
Klindok liked that idea.  His gill sacs fluttered affirmatively.  “A council…it’s a good idea.”
“We could hold it at that big cliff, other side of Mid Ridge.  Overlooking Landfall Beach.”
Charley wasn’t sold on the idea but agreed to give it some thought.  “I’ll talk to my crew.”  To Klindok and Faisal, “If the Pricklies are onboard…” and to Almirante, “—and the Landers, maybe we can do it.  Call it a tribal council or something like that.  But let me get with my people first.”
The meeting broke up and Charley went back to the jumpship, visibly worried about Reynaldo.  Inside his quarters, with the pilot cocooned in the bioweb, she shoo’ed all the others out and sat alone on the desktop, watching him, as he moaned and shivered every so often.
Come on, you dumb megaballer, come back to me…come back…bash that infection or whatever it is.
She sat like that for hours, disdaining anything to eat or drink, oblivious to the cleanup efforts going on outside, answering occasional questions from Mwale or Kilgorly with curt and abrupt one-word responses.  They left her alone. 
Then, a few hours after night had fallen on this cursed world, Reynaldo stirred and his eyes blinked open.  He saw Charley, curled up half asleep on the desktop, about to roll off.
“Hey…Gilly Girl…you’re…about to fall…off—” He propped himself up on his elbows, but his forehead contacted the bioweb which buzzed and stung slightly and he lay back exhausted by the effort.
Charley launched herself off the desktop and bent over him.  She wanted to cradle his face but stopped, her fingers just short of the bioweb, remembering.  
“How do you feel?”  Her voice choked a bit, but she swallowed hard and forced the feelings back inside.  Hey, I’m the Captain…this is an injured crewman…I’m just looking after my crew…she realized suddenly she had forgotten his name.
It didn’t work and she gave up, letting a few teardrops land on the bioweb, where they flashed into a burst of light and evaporated.
“Like I just swam the ocean,” he replied weakly.  “My mouth’s dry…I could use—” but Charley had already snagged Mwale passing by the compartment even before he could finish the sentence.  Fluids in a bulb were produced, some kind of fruity energy drink, and Rey sucked it down greedily.
Mwale fussed over him, checking vitals, checking scans, and clucking her tongue like a disapproving mother.  She was murmuring something under her breath—Cameroonian lullabies, Charley figured: choo ewu oji ka chi di. Then, she straightened up and pronounced, “Well, the patient is a major pain in my ass but he’s definitely getting better.  And if he follows doctor’s orders and promises to keep his devilish little hands to himself, doctor may just drop the bioweb and let him get up.”
Reynaldo feigned innocence and folded his hands over his chest.  “Perfect angel, Layanna.  You know me.”
“Yeah, that’s the problem…I do know you.”  She tapped a button on the side of the bed and the web collapsed in a spray of light.
Mwale ordered him to stay in bed, or at least on the bed, as he glared at her while getting up.
“I want to scan that thick head of yours later.  For now, just drink that fruit crap and get stronger.”  Mwale narrowed her eyes.  “And no funny business in here.  I’ll be back.”  With a warning glance at Charley, she left the compartment.
Charley pressed her hands around his face as he sat unsteadily on the side of the gurney.
Reynaldo…Rey…yes….
“That was one hell of a bite, Rey.  Bastard rockmoles…they look like armored possums.  With big claws.  Layanna said the claws had little tubules of toxin at their ends.  That’s what hit you.”
“Am I going to live?”
“For the time being.”
The two of them chatted softly for a few moments, going over what had happened.  The Battle of the Pricklies and the Landers.  The thermosaurs…”wickedest birds I ever saw…some kind of avian extremophile…”  The rockmoles.  The upcoming tribal council.
Rey was thoughtful, motioning for another fruit bulb.  He sucked and slurped loudly.  “That council…that’s what we need.  They could make you like the Queen.”
Charley scoffed at that, “I’m no Queen.  I’d fall off my throne the first time I got on it.”  But secretly, she feared Rey might be right.  As jumpship captain, she did have a certain authority that others didn’t.  Already many of the Landers seemed to defer naturally to her…no, she couldn’t let things go that way…no way was she going to be a Queen.  She needed to change the subject, even in her own mind. 
“Rey, you’ve changed, somehow.”
“Well, yeah, I got bit by an overmuscled possum…with claws.”
“No, I mean in other ways.  You don’t see it?  You’re more serious, it seems to me.  More committed.  It’s like you’re not a jock megaballer any more, training for the big game.”
That made him think.  He started to say something but thought better of it.  “Come here—”
She bent forward and he planted a big wet kiss on her forehead, then her nose, finally winding up on her lips.  They were about to get even closer when Layanna Mwale showed up, clucking again like a prison warden.
“Uh-huh, I thought so,” she huffed out, hands on hips.  “I can’t leave you two alone for five minutes.  Rey, lay your cute little ass back down right now.  We’re going to do another scan, mister.”
Charley studied her pilot like the hunky jock he had once been, appreciating his still muscular arms and thick neck.  “I’ll just leave now,” she said.  She touched his fingertips on her way out and had to pull her hand away when he grabbed for it.
Charley went to her own quarters for a few moments, to collect her thoughts.  The tribal council was set for dusk that night, on the cliff overlooking Landfall Beach.  She sat on the edge of her bunk and tapped out a few notes and talking points on her wristpad.  Concentration was getting harder.  Why—what was she supposed to be doing--?
She figured she’d rather be pretty much anywhere but in a tribal council meeting.    

The council gathering brought together all the Trappers in one setting, for the first time, and Charley was surprised to realize how many there were.  She and Rey tried estimating the crowd and stopped after eight hundred.  Why more refugees weren’t coming through the Expool even now, she couldn’t say.  Based on what she had heard of conditions on Earth and neighboring worlds, she didn’t really want to know.
They were here on Trappist-1e and there was no easy way to go back…or anywhere else for that matter.
Sandy Kilgorly had rigged up an amplifier system to carry her voice out into the crowd, fabbed from a configuration he had hacked out that morning.  After a few tests, the system seemed to work and the restless crowd began to quiet as Charley made some beginning remarks.
She had never been good at speaking in public.  She figured she’d rather dive into a Farpool naked than go through this.
“The fights between Landers and Pricklies, between all of us, have to stop,” her voice boomed out.  “We’re only hurting ourselves.  For the moment, we’re stuck here.  We’ve got to work together to survive.”
Modestly pleased that no one had thrown any rocks at her, she went on, suggesting—from her notes—that if a Council was to work, each gang, each tribe and clan, should elect a representative to meet in that Council.  With the crowd’s permission—readily granted by acclamation—elections would be held in two days and the new Council would meet on the third day from now.  
“One of the issues that came up as I talked to many of you was what to name this little rockpile of a world,” she went on.  She was glad that Rey Diaz and her whole crew stood on the bluff around her.  It was comforting that she had her crew with her and that they hadn’t—yet—succumbed to the gangs.
Different names and possibilities were debated among the crowd and choices were put before them, each choice voted up or down by voice.  Charley’s own suggestion eventually carried the day.
The little ruddy world they had come to would be hereafter called Shooki, for there were rock formations on the far side of Omt’orland Island that reminded some of the Pillars of Shooki on old Seome.  The choice seemed to mollify some of the more vociferous Pricklies, as many of them were Ponkti amphib in ancestry and the Pillars had been in Ponkti waters on Seome.
The next item to discuss was what to do about the Expool itself.  Charley had ordered Sandy Kilgorly and Layanna Mwale to study the wormhole and try to determine what was likely to happen next.  
That afternoon, Kilgorly reported, “It’s clearly dying, Captain.  The width of the corridor is unstable.  Some hours, it’s ten meters wide.  Other times, it’s only a few meters in dimension.  We’ve all seen the color changes.   A normal singularity-driven farpool corridor usually displays a blue-white tint, but the Expool has shifted to a more reddish color, like everything else around here.”
Mwale explained, “That has to mean the singularity at the origin is fading, weakening.  The wormhole’s not spinning as fast, or as deep.  It probably no longer has the range to send anything back to Earth, assuming anyone would want to risk that.”
“Is there anything we can do?” Charley asked.
Kilgorly shrugged, running hands through his blond hair.  The sunburned Aussie was fast losing his sunburn on the low light of Shooki.  “We could try some things that would block the inner corridor, try to shut it down in stages.  That’s dicey and never really been tried before.  There are theories but—”  he shrugged again.  “Or we could just let it fade and die…that’s what is happening now.”
Charley said, “I hate to give up on the Expool.  That’s what brought us here and it’s still the only realistic way of getting off this burg.  Isn’t there anything we can do, anything else you can think of?”
Nobody had any other ideas.
When put before the assembled Trappers, the consensus was quick in coming.
Let the Expool fade and die.
For many minutes, a fierce and occasionally violent discussion had gone on about what to do: let the Expool die or send an exploratory crew through to see if it was safe and to where it might be navigable.
However, the crowd was mostly willing to take their chances on making a new life on their new homeworld.  Less often spoken but on everyone’s mind was the thought that no one wanted the Bugs back home to come through the wormhole and threaten Shooki.  The Expool was still there, still visible during the day as a nearly translucent column dancing across the wavetops out to sea but no one believed it was safe to try any further trips through it.  
The decision was sobering and saddened Charley, more than she wanted to let on.  When the verdict came back, Charley directed that the decision be recorded for public display.  Mwale’s wristpad had already been hacked and modified to display decisions in 3-d over the heads of the crowd, a growing list of Council actions that drifted across Landfall Beach like a nocturnal mist.  But her eyes caught Rey’s as the decision was rendered visible to the crowd.
This isn’t final, as far as I’m concerned.
Charley raised a new subject to the gathering.
“We need to organize some systematic surveys soon.  We need to find out what the rest of this place—Shooki—is like.  Islands, continents, mountains, seas.  I’ll put together a survey plan and release it in a few days.  Each group should make its own list too: what should we be surveying?  Who’s on the expeditions?  Who leads?  Where do they go and how do they record and report what they’ve found?  Shooki’s about as big as Earth but the geography and climate are completely different.  If we’re going to live here—” and I don’t really want to, she told herself quietly—” we need to know what we’re dealing with.”
A vocal band directly below them put forth a proposal that Charley be made head of the Council.
“High Councilor,” they chanted.  “High Councilor, High Councilor….”  They jumped and sang and soon enough, the ditty caught on and much of the crowd joined in.  
The majority wanted Charley to agree to lead the Council, a de factor Chief for all the gangs, clans and tribes.
“No way,” Charley mouthed to Rey and her crew, over the swelling din of shouts and chants.  “Not going to happen.”
But it was hopeless for the consensus was growing rapidly and the crowd was becoming boisterous and vociferous in their acclamation.
Against her wishes, against her better judgement, the assembled Trappers—now Shookians—had already decided that Charley Meyer, commander of jumpship Omt’or and jump commander in Farpool Service…serial number 199886354, would become a sort of super-queen of the entire world.  
Rey leaned over to whisper in her ear, “Face it, you’re the only one all the Trappers trust, Gilly Girl.”
She would come to be known to all as High Councilor of Shooki.
Ugh, Charley groaned.  It was a new and altogether unwelcome development she had not foreseen, but the crowd would not be denied.  
She definitely did not see herself in this way and didn’t want the job at all.  But eight hundred Trappers could not be ignored.
The Council meeting lasted several more hours until all were satisfied by the decisions displayed and, when knots of people began peeling off to go back to their shelters and tents, Charley called an end and herded her crew back to Landfall and the ship.
Sipping tea with Rey and Layanna in Omt’or’s crews mess, Charley was going over the results of the Council meeting when Sandy Kilgorly stuck his head inside.
“Bad news, Skipper.”
Charley looked up.  “What is it?”
Kilgorly was grim.  “Landfall village, just past the Mid Ridge, that gathering of shelters right below the peak…I just got word.  There are three cases of Purple being reported.  The plague’s here and we need to get over there fast…people are panicking now.”
“Purple?  Here?  How--?”  But Charley then answered her own questions.  “The Expool.  It had to have come through the wormhole.  Someone was a carrier.  Or it was deliberate.”  She thought immediately of the Ponkti amphibs.  Surely, they wouldn’t—”
“Come on,” Kilgorly insisted.  “The damn thing’s replicating fast.”  He held up a containment capsule of ANAD bots.  “I’ve got to put up a barrier and try to stop it from spreading, try to contain it.”
Sick with worry about this new development, Charley rounded up the rest of the crew and they trotted off through Landfall to the small shelter compound a few kilometers away.  
They had to get control of the Purple outbreak immediately.  Purple was bad, no two ways about it.
With the Expool fading and dying, Purple was now an existential threat to everything.

Chapter 13

Trappist-1e / Shooki
Solix 3.23.0001 T.U.T. (Trappist Universal Time)

“So, this is home,” Charley said to Rey, as they stood on a cliff, overlooking what the surveys had come to call the Northern Sea.  
They had decided to name their new world Shooki, after the Pillars of Shooki on old Seome.  For Amphibs and Urkish, the name evoked a great creator god.  The humans were skeptical but went along.  There was also a rock formation near where the Expool had brought them that reminded some of the Pillars.  
The name Shooki was formally adopted in a vote.  Residents would call themselves Shookians but the name ‘Trappers’ continued in use.  
The Expool was still there, but no one was sure what, if anything, the other end was connected to.  Not too many people wanted to try it, but as the Expool seemed to be rapidly disintegrating, Charley felt they should at least explore what was at the other end and said so on many occasions.  Maybe they could find a way to preserve it, keep it open.  On her own, she wanted to organize a volunteer test flight to go through the Expool and see where the vortex/wormhole led.  It seemed unstable and uncontrollable, but the urge to keep the Expool open was strong and Charley, with Rey, was determined to find out what Shooki was connected to.
Meanwhile, around the newly settled world of Shooki, the tribes continued to bicker and conflict seemed endemic, even as more and more settlements and villages were built and expanded.  Charley felt complete anarchy was coming and didn’t want to deal with it.  She really wanted to leave and go somewhere else.  Rey was reluctant at first and maddeningly non-committal about the whole thing.
But containing the Purple was first priority.

 At the tent containing Landfall Mid-Ridge’s water purifier, systems operator Liam Clarke had just fallen face first to the floor.  He had been feeling weak and exhausted all morning—really, for several days now—and then collapsed on the floor when he came in.
Alarmed, nurse /medtech Pria Singh blanched and instinctively drew back on seeing Clarke on the clinic floor.  She knew what this was…she’d seen it before in England, before the Floods, before she’d gone through the Expool.
Early-stage Purple.  
Clarke’s skin was already turning color, he was weak and unable to stand and he had been having seizures and bleeding uncontrollably from his eyes, nose and mouth.  A robotic co-worker --Cobot Winston-- had carried Clarke into the tiny sick bay tent, from the maintenance job on the purifier he had been working on. 
Singh ordered an immediate bioshield be erected around Clarke and his new wife Shanna be contacted.  Shanna showed up half an hour later, with two-year-old son Colin and infant daughter Sarah in tow.  
The shock came immediately.  “Liam…my God…Liam….!”  She fell to her knees, tried to push fingers through the barrier but the bots pushed her back.
“Ma’am…ma’am—” nurse Pria grabbed her shoulders and physically pulled her away from the bioshield.  “Please…don’t do that—”
Behind Shanna, two-year-old Colin cried and daughter Sarah joined in.
Shanna was devastated, prostrate with grief, shaking her head in disbelief.  “What--?”
Pria and a nearby tech named Lucille Nvango helped her to her feet.
“Ma’am…sit over here…please, sit and I’ll get you something.”  They helped her to a nearby seat.  Shanna backpedaled awkwardly, unable to take her eyes off the image of her husband being rapidly disassembled right before them.  Lucille gave her a cup of water.
All eyes were on the commotion on the floor.
“I’ve never seen anything like this,” Pria mumbled.  Her throat was dry as she watched the disintegrating form of Liam Clarke thrashing and flailing about on the floor, still contained by the shield.  
Lucille stared in shock.  “Your message said early-stage Purple—”
“It was early-stage…when he came in.  His skin had just started turning.  Bloody discharges from his mouth, nose and eyes…all the signs were early-stage.”
Nvango shook her head.  “If you’re right—my God, I’ve never seen Purple this aggressive before in a Stage 1 patient.  This is full-blown Stage 4.”  She looked out the tent at the crimson morning sky.  “Maybe it’s this bloody planet.  Usually, the decon, if it comes at all—every other case I’ve seen—it’s so much later in the progression.  Or it’s done intentionally.”
Right before their eyes, system operator Liam Clarke was being aggressively disassembled into little more than ashes.
“I’m calling Dr. Vikram…we’ve got to get this out—Pria, make sure that shield is holding.”
While Pria checked on the shield integrity, Nvango left the sick bay tent and went looking for Landfall Mid-Ridge’s only doctor.  Ten minutes later, she returned with a white-haired physician, who rushed into the clinic.  
Immediately, he directed Nvango to escort a distraught Shanna and her tearful children out of the clinic.
“Take them to the commissary tent.  Here—” he handed Nvango a small bottle of pills—“give Mrs. Clarke two of these.  Make her stay calm—this—”  Vikram shook his head, rubbed his eyes.  He had come just in time to witness the final moments of the decon.  “—this is unbelievable.”
After Nvango had ushered Shanna and her children out, Vikram and Pria watched as what had been a living, breathing Liam was reduced to little more than smoking ash, still hopefully contained inside the bioshield.
“Shield’s holding, Doctor.  So far.”
Vikram knew he didn’t have much time.  “I’m calling an immediate Level 1 emergency, village-wide.  The entire camp will have to be contained in a Level 1 bioshield.  Maybe even all of Landfall.”  He glanced over at Pria, whose face was pale and stony.  “You know what that means?”
Pria nodded dumbly, still in shock.
“The two of us will have to remain where we are, quarantined inside the shield, once it’s put up.”  He tapped out a message on his own wristpad.  “I’m calling the High Councilor now…the Council’s got to get going on this straight away.”  He swallowed audibly and found himself a nearby seat, lowering himself heavily onto it.  “This is bad.  Very bad.  Purple’s mutating.  Reconfiguring.  It’s capable of spreading exponentially around Mid-Ridge at lightning speed.”
Fifty feet away, inside another tent, a sniffling Shanna was drying her eyes with tissues, holding Sarah and Colin close.  She looked up at the ashen face of Lucille Nvango, hovering over her with more tissues. 
“I don’t know what we’ll do, nurse.  I don’t know where we’ll go—no other camp’ll take us—or where we’ll live.  Maybe we’ll have to go on welfare—to survive….”
But within a few days of the outbreak, jumpship engineer Sandy Kilgorly had hacked out a config for his ANAD bots and managed to contain the Purple inside the shield Vikram had erected.  At Vikram’s insistence, everybody in Mid-Ridge, then the entire population of Landfall, would be injected with ‘cytes to deal with any residual Purple bacteriomechs.  
Despite Charley’s arguments and orders, no other village or camp would accept the injections.  The level of trust across Omt’orland was just too low.  
Charley wasn’t even surprised to learn that one band of Pricklies had already fabbed a few ocean-going boats and set out across the Northern Sea for another island-continent to the east.  Drones had shown it to be several hundred kilometers distant and the scuttlebutt around Omt’orland was that the eastern island would soon be named Ponk’etland.
Charley just shook her head and decided to climb aboard the jumpship, cocooning herself on the command deck alone.
It’s just like old Seome all over again, she thought.  She closed her eyes, glad to be alone for awhile.  Through the forward portholes, the baleful red eye of Shooki’s star-sun Trappist-1 shone dull and dim through pink fog.  She soon dozed off to a fitful sleep, trying to remember why she had even come to the ship.

ALBERT, the ship’s computer, was programmed to evaluate crew health status several times a day.  Detecting elevated microfacial twitches on Charley’s face, along with stress cortisol levels out of balance and galvanic skin conductance beyond normal range, ALBERT calculated that Charley Meyer was displaying indicated parameters of depression.  As she slept, brain scans showed a four percent drop in level three and four subcortical mapping, across the lateral and ventral regions of her hippocampus.  Spatial memory, memory consolidation, various aphasias, all these were indicators of advanced voidtime syndrome.  Consulting his response tables, ALBERT gently woke the commanding officer, now High Councilor.  He offered several medicines to treat the depression, all receivable by mist injections in the command deck air, as well as appropriate poems and pleasant songs and music for mood alteration.  There were few treatments for the syndrome itself. 
“What songs?” Charley asked.  
ALBERT selected “By the Waters of Babylon,” by noted mid-20th century recording artist Don McLean.  The tune and lyrics began….

By the waters
The waters
Of Babylon
We lay down and wept
And wept
For thee Zion
We remember
Thee remember
Thee remember
Thee Zion

Charley soon found herself humming quietly along with the song.  She didn’t at first realize she had company on the command deck…Reynaldo Diaz had slipped into the pilot seat opposite her.
“What’s with the song?” Rey asked softly.
Charley blinked her eyes open.  “Uh…oh, Rey…didn’t realize you were here.  Oh, it’s something ALBERT recommended.  I was kind of…you know, sad.  Worn out.”
Rey knew Charley well and recognized the symptoms.  He also knew of ALBERT’s latest diagnosis.  “Okay, Gilly Girl, what’s eating you?  You know you’re supposed to make a grand tour of all the camps around the island today.”
Charley lay back, after telling ALBERT to lower the volume, and closed her eyes wearily.
“I can’t do this anymore, Rey.  I can’t even remember things.  You know what that means?”
Rey blinked, not sure what to say.  Finally, “Yeah, ALBERT told me this morning.”
 I can’t stay here anymore.”
Rey knew where this was headed but he decided to play along.  “What, you mean be the leader and commander you’re trained to be?”
“You know what I mean.  Look, I’m a jumpship commander and an officer in Farpool Service.  I was given a mission and it’s not completed yet.  I—we—need to get back to that.”
Rey took a deep breath, waited for Charley to tell ALBERT to kill the song, which was looping back to its opening stanzas.
“If you’re talking about the Expool out there, we both know it’s not useable anymore.  And you shouldn’t be making any more trips anyway.”
That made her sit up straight. Her eyes bored into his.  “Not so.  Sandy and I worked out some calculations.  Yeah, sure it’s fading and deteriorating.  Just like me, I guess.  We all see that.  But Sandy did the numbers.  The vortex column is cycling.  The cycle lasts about forty hours.  It shrinks down and expands back.  The cycles are getting shorter but for awhile—he thinks maybe another few days, maybe a week, the cycle should permit a ship to enter and navigate.  Rey—” her eyes pleaded with Rey, “we can do this.  We can enter the wormhole and go anywhere.”
Rey was clearly skeptical.  You could tell that from the crooked set to his lips.  She’d always been able to read his face.  Reynaldo Diaz hid very little in that face.
“Where would you go?  From what we heard, there’s not much left back home.  There might not even be a home…an Earth or Moon or Mars anymore.  Is this what ALBERT’s song was all about?  This place sure doesn’t look like Babylon to me.”
“Oh, that.  That song isn’t about Babylon, you beefjerk.  It’s a lament, about loss.  About longing for home.”
“Charley, look at me.  This place is our home.  Accept that.  Okay, so it’s not Earth.  It’s got a red eye for a sun.  Pink fog.  Crimson rocks for land.  A few oceans.  We’re not going back home.  Get that through your thick skull.  And your condition--”
Charley sighed.  “To hell with my condition.  I wasn’t thinking of Earth, anyway.  I was thinking of someplace else.”
“So, where?”
She didn’t answer for a moment.  “Sandy’s managed to contain the Purple, you know.  You know how that Aussie is: ‘no worries, mate.’  He hacked out a config for ANAD.   Got the outbreak contained.  Got everybody injected…almost everybody.  Now, all the Shookians…the Trappers…have a device that can be programmed and configured to replicate any structure they can think of.  It’ll really help in developing this world.  You know, I really believe our engineer can just about do anything.”
“Including enticing you into a disintegrating wormhole?”
“It’s doable, Rey.  I know how to navigate a farpool wormhole.  I’ve been doing it for five years.”
“Not one like this.”
Now Charley sat on the edge of her seat and took Rey’s calloused hands in hers.  “Rey, tell me one thing.  If I do this, if Sandy’s says it’s doable…are you coming along?   You’re the pilot for jumpship Omt’or.   The ship needs a good pilot.”
Somehow, Reynaldo Diaz knew this was coming.  “I have duties here, Charley.  I have responsibilities to the other Trappers.  The other camps.”
“You’re also a trained member of my crew.”  She reached for his hand and squeezed it.  “I thought we were a team.”
Rey studied her face.  There wasn’t any doubt in those cheeks and lips.  “I believe we still are.”  There was a long pause. He sighed heavily. It always ended like this.  “Why don’t you show me what Sandy’s talking about.”
Charley’s face brightened at that.  “Come on…back to the tailpod.  I’ll show you—”

After exiting the Expool just offshore a month ago, jumpship Omt’or had been maneuvered to be beached on the island they now called Omt’orland.  For days, the ship had been the nucleus of a growing encampment, later called Landfall. 
After landing, the ship had been cannibalized day after day for equipment and supplies to help out the struggling Trappers, to build shelters and seed enclosed gardens and set up equipment to make a home of the crimson world they now called Shooki.
To make her ready for another voyage would require a thorough inspection, bow to stern, all systems and gear, either tested and proven fit for transit, or replaced and if needed, replicated by their ANAD fabs.
Charley wanted to know who among her crew was willing to make another trip through the Expool.  She felt that Reynaldo Diaz was ‘on board,’ as well as Sandy Kilgorly, who eagerly anticipated the engineering challenge.  But Charley wasn’t sure about Layanna Mwale, who had lately taken up with a Nigerian immigrant from Landfall Mid-Ridge and was spending more and more time among those settlers.
She tracked down the Cameroonian amphib with her new ‘friend,’ as the two of them were helping guide newly fabbed shelters and other structures into position on a rugged promontory overlooking Landfall Beach, a few kilometers from the ship.
“Can I talk with you?” Charley asked her, when the new shelters had been fully erected and anchored.  “It’s kind of important.”
“Sure, Skipper.  What’s up?”
They walked to the brow of the promontory and stared together down at the crashing surf.  It was late afternoon in this part of Shooki and shadows were lengthening.  Offshore, the thin gray rope of the Expool was barely visible in the pink mist now rolling in.
Charley decided the direct approach was best.  She laid out her plans for Mwale.  
“I need a good navigator, Layanna.  That’s just a fact.  You’re my navigator...one of the best in the Service.   No, really—” she saw Mwale starting to object, “I know your ratings and sitreps.  I wrote them, remember?  I can’t really ask you to risk your life on this.  Going back into that wormhole is dangerous.  Traveling through wormholes is always dangerous.  But Sandy’s insists it’s doable.”
“Wow,” Mwale blinked hard, wiped sweat from her forehead and stared down at her boots, perched on the edge of the precipice.  “That’s a lot to consider, Skipper.  I’m part of the crew.  I know that.  I’ve got a duty to the crew, to you, to the Service.  Complete the mission…that’s what we all signed up for.  But, this—” she waved at the thin line of the Expool.  “I guess I need some time to think, huh?”
Charley took her hands in her own.  “It is a lot, Layanna.  This is a volunteer mission.  Hey, Omt’or won’t be ready for anything for several days, maybe longer.  But don’t take too long, okay?  The Expool’s dying.  We can all see that.  Sandy thinks he’s got the cycle worked out.  He says he can predict conditions for about three to four days.  After that—”
“Where would Omt’or be going, assuming this is even doable?”
Charley smiled enigmatically.  “I’ll tell you that when I hear your decision.”

  Since no one trusted the rapidly deteriorating Expool, Charley made plans with the Council to use Omt’or’s existing fabs and other replicators scattered around the camps to construct some small ships that could take exploration crews to other worlds in the Trappist-1 system, other worlds potentially habitable that many Shookians wanted to claim and settle.   In particular, many amphibs among the settlers were keen to find out how habitable the planet Trappist-1f might be, as it seemed to be a mostly oceanic world, albeit filled with cold, almost polar waters as the world was perched on the outer edge of Trappist-1’s Goldilocks habitability zone.
The Council and many influential Shookians wanted Charley and Rey to lead these initial missions.  But Charley had other ideas and demurred, for the exploring urge inside her was pointing elsewhere, back to the Expool…before it died completely.
She also knew she didn’t have much time left, for voidtime syndrome was relentless and her symptoms were getting worse.
I can still make one more trip, she convinced herself. 
She and Rey made their plans to quickly repair and refurbish their old jumpship and guide her back into the wormhole.
But most Shookians, and ultimately Layanna Mwale too, thought this was surely a suicide mission.
Chapter 14

Trappist-1e / Shooki
Solix 4.10.0001 T.U.T. (Trappist Universal Time)
Unknown Kv (Epoch of Kel’vishtu)

Layanna Mwale waved good-bye to her crewmates and stood with arms folded as Charley, Rey and Sandy Kilgorly entered the ship and shut the hatch behind them.  
A few minutes later, with the ship’s propulsors churning, Charley backed Omt’or off Landfall beach and turned her about.  She headed out to sea, through the ever-present pink mist, toward the Expool, a faint writhing line in the distance.
Charley checked her board, trusting in the good work of Sandy Kilgorly and all his repairs.  All green, all copacetic and no flags. Omt’or had been powered up several hours before, her MHD power plant and singularity core ticking over, humming, now sending a slight shudder through her hull.
“Ready all systems…stand by for final check and all-call.”
One after the other, the crew came back, all three of them.
“Ready, Pilot?”
“Pilot is go!”
“Engineer ready.”
Charley would take Layanna Mwale’s place as navigator, in addition to her duties as commander. 
“Propulsors on line…ease her out, Rey.”
Omt’or lurched as her MHD jets opened up to one-quarter throttle and she slipped through light chop, surging out into the deeper water of the Northern Sea.
“Answering one-quarter, handling nicely, Captain.  Fighting cross-currents.”
“Steady as she goes…steer course zero eight zero.  Engineer, how do we look?”
Kilgorly checked his boards and instruments.   Active sonar was pinging all around, showing up specks and chirps on her waterfall display.  “Only a little traffic, but we’re clear on that heading.  Recommend depth fifty meters.  Expool outer vortex fields six point two klicks…ten minutes at this speed.”
“Very well.”  Charley figured the traffic was part of a steady stream of Prickly boats headed for the island they had named Ponk’etland. Charley opened up the address system to talk to the others over the roar of the ocean.  “Omt’or now underway on propulsor.  Expool in ten minutes.  Engineer, advise status of core.”
Kilgorly’s voice came back.  “Core on line and ticking at sixty-five percent.  Deco wakes in the green, entanglers humming.  She’s ready for action.”
Omt’or closed the distance to the outer vortex fields of the Expool in nine minutes.
They soon felt the first fingers of the vortex plucking at the ship, drawing her closer.
In moments, the force was pushing them sideways in the water.  
The force began to increase, a centrifugal force that soon shoved them to one side of the compartment and pressed them hard against the walls.  
Soon, they were spinning enough to become slightly disoriented and dizzy.  
Kilgorly clutched his midst.  “Well, mates, that’s my stomach…I don’t feel so—“
His words were suddenly lost in a bright flash of light, a searing, painfully white strobing light that flooded the compartment and blinded all of them.
“Rudder amidships!” Charley ordered.  “Flow vanes to thirty percent!”
The spin kept accelerating and moments later, Sandy Kilgorly passed out.
Behind them on Landfall Beach, early morning risers from the camps were treated to an incredible sight at sea, just before dawn.  Backlit with the orange-crimson glow of sunrise to the east, a thin ropy waterspout swelled wide several kilometers beyond the horizon, visible for hundreds of kilometers in all directions.  As the spout danced and skipped across the waves, a bright pulse of light emerged from the sea and vaulted skyward along the length of the spout, followed by a series of light pulses, as if the spout were sucking buckets of light right out of the ocean.
The light pulses disappeared into low-hanging clouds and vanished, leaving only a faint iridescent flicker, like a silent lightning discharge.  
Moments later, the waterspout collapsed into the sea and the ocean returned to its restless heaving.  
Witnessed by hundreds of onlookers along the beach, the crew of jumpship Omt’or had just been catapulted into the whirling heart of the wormhole at the very center of the Expool.  Caught in a roaring, crashing river of infinite eddies and currents of time, they rode the dragon’s tail until Charley saw her display light up green and called bingo.
Seeing the signal, she slammed Omt’or’s flow vanes out full and punched the ship hard over, right into the faint, barely perceptible fingers of the Expool’s wormhole corridor.  Like a cocked fist, the wormhole grabbed them and yanked them out of the mainstream and into the midst of a million yesterdays.
After that, Charley slumped back in her seat and let the black hole of unconsciousness wash over her.

The jumpship shuddered and hurtled out of the Expool in a flash of light, a roaring rush of deceleration, knocking Charley and Rey hard against the cockpit windows.  Still trapped in the vortex, Charley struggled to regain consciousness and, by instinct and training, rammed the ship’s rudder hard over, while firing her jets to counteract the residual force of the spin.  For a moment, they were both pinned sideways against the cockpit, until the force of the jets shot them through the core of the whirlpool and out into calmer waters.
Kilgorly breathed hard, wiping his face with shaking hands.  He checked the instruments.  
“Sounding smoother water, Commander…rough water but visibility improving.  I can pulse ahead…looks like we made it…somewhere.”
“Where exactly are we?” Rey asked.  He saw they had come out of the Expool in the midst of an ocean, with whitecapped waves crashing over the hull of the ship.  
Charley didn’t answer at first, concentrating on steadying the ship and keeping her from capsizing in fierce gusty winds.
“Sandy and I talked about this,” she finally said.  “If I did everything right, we’re on Seome.  Old Seome, maybe hundreds of years before the Great Emigration…the Kel’vishtu.  Before the supernova that destroyed everything.”
“Seome?” Rey was incredulous.  His eyes narrowed.  “You had this planned all along, didn’t you?”
Charley smiled.  “I wanted to come here, before the Uman time jumpers showed up.  If I can figure things out, maybe we can prevent their war from destroying the sun here, Sigma Albeth.  No supernova, no Great Emigration.  No Ponkti on Earth.  No Purple plague.  The Coethi enemy that the Umans are fighting bypass this whole system.”
Rey was skeptical, to say the least.  “I thought time jumpers all followed the philosophy of tempus regit…you know, time rules.  Don’t mess with the time streams and all that.”
Charley gritted her teeth, trying to maintain Omt’or on an even keel.  “Don’t believe everything you hear.  Sandy, where are we?  Can you get a fix?”
Kilgorly was already busy with his instruments.  “Captain, the worldine convergence angles all say we’re on Seome.  Best I can make out, maybe a couple of years, Seomish years, before the Umans come.  That’s if your history is accurate.  I just let ALBERT take a fix on the sun, as best as he could.  He’s telling me we’re smack in the middle of what your maps call the Ponk’el Sea.”
“Good enough,” Charley decided.  “I’ve still got some navigator chops after all.  Time to head for our destination,” Charley decided.  “Rey, give me a heading to Kinlok Island…and time to approach.  I’m just having a little trouble here—"
Rey Diaz just shook his head, then studied his displays.  “Steer left one nine five degrees.  Kinlok in four days, ALBERT says…make turns for fifteen knots.”
Charley ran their propulsors up to fifty percent.  Omt’or surged forward, then began a shallow descent to fifty meters, ducking below the surf topside to a quieter, more peaceful realm below.  Blurs of schooling tuna and mackerel whizzed and scooted by them as they descended.   
“If only I had some line and bait,” Kilgorly observed through a porthole.  “I’d catch me a couple of tuna, flay ‘em open and load up the salt, pepper and lemon….”
Ahead of him at the command station, Charley just shuddered.  “As the only Amphib here, I should take offense at that. They’re people, same as you and me, Sandy.  Just because you have fins and flukes doesn’t make you somebody’s dinner.”  Just to make sure he got the point, she waved her own armfins in Kilgorly’s face.
The Aussie engineer was about to retort back, but Rey’s voice interrupted. He’d just seen something on his panel.
“Sonar contact ahead, multiple contacts—”
Charley looked out her forward porthole and then she saw them.
“Seamothers!  My God, of all the luck…a whole herd of them.”
They had come upon a furious battle between a hungry mesodont, scavenging through a field of scrubby bushes at the bottom and one hungry seamother it had startled.  Charley braked quickly and steered the ship toward a dome of rock that poked above the mud, unwilling to risk the attention of the seamother when she was angered.
Rey was agog at the sight. Instinctively, he reached over and felt for Charley’s hand.
The seamother had a considerable advantage in quickness.  Her favorite weapon was her tail, ribbed with spikes and deadly.  Back and forth, the tail thrashed, scraping the tough hide of the enemy.  The mesodont lashed out with sharp pincers, seldom striking its target, but persistent enough to avoid a direct attack.  
They skirmished for nearly an hour, each trying to wear the other down.  The seamother tried several times to lunge in and flip the mesodont over with her tail but each time caught a pincer in the side and had to retreat.   The waters frothed with blood and viscera and still they fought on.
The battle raged in near stalemate until the nightwaters came.  Both creatures were exhausted, yet fought automatically, as if guided by unseen hands to destruction.  The mesodont had lost three of its eight legs, pincers and all, while the seamother bled freely from deep gashes in her belly and head.  One eye was shut, ripped out and scabbed over.  Squeals of pain and anger had long since been replaced by a deathly chittering, clicking away the last moments of life.
Somehow, despite its crippling injuries, the mesodont mustered enough strength to burrow so deeply into the mud that it became impervious to continued attack.  The seamother was enraged by this and tore furiously at the mud and silt but not fast enough to catch up.  Soon, only a bruised gray hump was all that protruded from the mud.  With that, the seamother bellowed forlornly.
Twisting her broken body, she bounded for the surface, several hundred meters above them.  Even at twilight, the waters of the Ponk’el were clear enough to see when she breached it in an explosion of foam and bubbles.  The paroxysm of anger lasted for several minutes, then suddenly, the seamother was quiet.  She drifted at the surface, dragged by waves toward some distant shore.  Charley, Rey and Kilgorly stared in fascination at the sight.
Charley spoke first, after a moment’s reflection.
“When they die, they seek the surface, what the Seomish call Notwater.  That’s homewaters to them…like the Umans.”
“Amazing,” was all Kilgorly could say.  
 Charley was amazed.  They had wandered into an entire herd of the creatures. 
“They’re hybrids, just like me, at ease in either world.  In that way, they can go from the deepest trenches to the surface in minutes and suffer no ill effects.”  She envied them that.  And if they had bred any offspring up there, like the tales said, then such creatures would be as different from the Seomish as it was possible to be.  
The surface had to be nearby.  Charley could both feel it and see it now; a diffuse green light above them.  For the first time, she caught more than just a glimpse of one of the seamothers.
Behind him, he heard Rey suck in his breath.  “My God---“
She was just below them, all mouth and snout and black eyes.  If she had chosen, she could have swallowed them whole.  Never had Charley been so close.
No more than three meters separated the ship from her reptilian head.  They could see each rib in the broad, veined crest that crowned that head; the crest shook with each stroke of her huge paddles.  From nose to tail, the seamother averaged maybe fifty or sixty meters—this one seemed larger than that.
They could see her horned and spiked tail too, whipping back and forth like a wave.  Her flanks were a rippling mass of silvery-white, mottled with gray and also with scars from innumerable battles she had fought.  Blemishing the otherwise smooth skin were dozens of tiny, tube-shaped scapet, symbionts who scavenged off the remains of the seamother’s meals.
Charley barely had time enough to notice all this before their ship was smashed by the forepaddles of another serpent and tossed out of the water altogether.
They hurtled across the surf like a mad wing-walker before slamming into a roaring wave.  The impact stunned all of them, even before the ship crashed back into the water.  Another jolt nearly split the cockpit.
For several minutes, Omt’or was thrashed about at the surface, knocked by the forepaddles of each serpent as it surfaced.  The seamothers slapped the water with loud thumps, bellowing happily in the spray.  
The fracas continued for quite some time, long enough for Charley to realize her arms were tiring from trying to keep the ship steady.   She seemed at a loss for what to do.
Rey realized that, tried to squeeze past her into the command seat, but the thrashing of the ship made that impossible.  “Maybe I can help…move a little and I’ll take the controls—“
But it was useless.  They were bounced from one hump to another, from tail to tail, thumped and thoroughly beaten.  
Battered from the seamothers’ ascent, Charley didn’t at first realize it when the sea had finally calmed and the thunder subsided.  It seemed like a hopeless wish but no, it was true.  They were floating, drifting, pitching lazily with the waves and she was so tired, so very, very tired….
Gradually, Charley regained some sense of where she was and, though she ached from beak to tail with racking throbs, she was able to catch a brief glimpse of a magnificent sight.
The entire herd had moved away, still on the surface, happily splashing its way toward a band of low peaks sitting on the horizon.  All she could see was a glistening white shoal of humps and necks and crested heads, bobbing away from them, immersed in a light mist that refracted light into a faint rainbow of colors.  Long, rolling swells slapped against the side of the ship.  A violent storm was building and the wind whipped the water into a foaming froth.
The stories were true.  The seamothers were heading for land.
“Unless ALBERT’s mistaken in his nav fixes,” Kilgorly muttered, “that should be Kinlok Island out there.”
But moments later, the three crewmembers realized they were no longer alone. 
“Hey!  What was that?” Rey had seen silvery shapes dart by the forward portholes.  “Wow--!”
Charley had seen them too.  She craned her neck to catch a better glimpse.
The scout force consisted of twenty prodsmen, in formation.  They quickly surrounded the ship and closed in.
“They may be Ponkti prodsmen…I’ve seen ‘em do this before.”  Charley turned the bow nose on to the closest prodsmen.  She accelerated and tried to ram their way through.  But the prodsmen were quick and skirted the speeding ship.  Several prodsmen slashed at Omt’or as it went by and the electric charge shot through the ship’s frame.  In an instant, Charley was stunned into a stupor, Rey too.  Sandy, only slightly injured, managed to control the ship and brought them to a halt just before smashing into the side of a submerged cliff.
Slowly, still feeling the effects of the charge, Charley regained her senses.  She quickly realized the zap had damaged Omt’or’s rudder and plane controls.
“I can’t control her!” she said.  “Controls are dead!”
“Use the propulsors,” Rey suggested.  “Let me try.”
Outside the ship, the force of prodsmen circled warily, occasionally jabbing at the ship’s hull with serious charge.  With Rey controlling, Omt’or’s propulsors were reversed and she backed away from the underwater cliff.  Alternately firing and cutting each propulsor, Rey was able to turn them around and get underway.
“If I remember right, there’s a tiny beach on the northwest side of the island,” Charley said.  “Head for there.  The waters shallow quickly and we can beach her and get rid of these clowns.”
“We’ve got HERF and mag weapons,” Sandy offered.  “Why don’t we use those?”
It was a good idea.  “I don’t want to start a war…that’s coming soon enough.  Pulse the HERF.  If we can stun ‘em enough, they may back off.”
Kilgorly powered up Omt’or’s high-energy radio frequency weapon.  At Charley’s command, he dumped several blasts into the water.  Watching closely through the portholes, Charley and Sandy saw the blasts stun their attackers.  The prodsmen drifted off aimlessly for a few moments and Charley told Rey, “Step on it!  Gogogogo!”
With Rey driving, the ship barreled through the water and planed upward, breaching the surface in heavy chop and gusty winds.  Vivid streaks of lightning veined the lowest clouds.
“There!” Charley pointed to the approaching headland.  Rain sluiced down its sheer sides in torrents.  “Steer left to avoid the rocks and come around that cliff.  The beach is on the other side.”
Omt’or bounced and bobbed through crashing surf until the tiny spit of land Charley called a beach came into view, dimly visible in mist and rain.
Rey increased speed and drove the ship right up onto the beach.  Her hull creaked and groaned under the impact but held.
They were firmly wedged onshore.

After a few minutes spent checking the integrity of their ship, Charley left the command deck and sank into a seat in the galley, sipping at a newly-made hot tea.  Rey and Sandy soon came in and joined her.
Kilgorly shook his head, munched on a roll the fab had just produced.  “Not exactly my idea of paradise, Captain.  Reminds me of Darwin in the winter…rain, wind, blowing sand and lightning.  What’s not to like?”
Rey nodded solemnly.  “It was better on Shooki.  Why the hell did you want to come here anyway?  Are we even in the right timeline?”
Charley didn’t want a mutiny on her hands the very first day.  “Okay, you two…you guys volunteered, remember?  The converger says we’re in the right timeline.  To answer your questions, I wanted to come back to Seome to fix some things.”
“Like change the timeline….” Rey blinked in disbelief.  “Don’t time jumpers and Farpool Service people take an oath not to do that?”
Charley knew she was skirting the outer edge of insubordination here, for what Rey had said was true.  It was axiomatic from the first day of time jump training…you didn’t go messing around with timelines…at least, not without approval, in triplicate. 
But she had convinced herself that what she was attempting to do was first doable, then worth doing.
Charley sipped thoughtfully at her tea.  Strong winds outside lashed the ship and she rocked back and forth in the gusts.  “I brought us here, hopefully before the first Uman force arrives, to stop a war.  If I’m reading the convergence angles right—Layanna was the real expert—we’ve come back to Seome in the right timeline maybe a few months, maybe a year or two, before the Umans arrive.”
“Clue me in,” Rey asked.  “Who are these Umans?  Why would they want to come to this hellhole in the first place?”
Charley spent the new few minutes explaining.  “The Umans are us.  They’re our descendants.  They’re fighting a war against an enemy they call Coethi.  I’m pretty sure this enemy is the same Bug Cloud that was threatening our solar system.  This world—Seome, but the Umans will call it Storm…you can see why—is in a strategic location in this conflict with the Coethi.  The Umans come here to set up a weapon—a time twister—to clear Coethi from the space around this star, this system.  Unfortunately, the time twister also creates tremendous acoustic shock waves all around the world.  It nearly destroys the Seomish race…below the waves out there is a whole civilization…the original Seomish, the Sea People.  When the Coethi attack this system, they do something to the star that accelerates its aging and the thing goes kablooey…supernova.  That’s when the Great Emigration began…the Kel’vishtu.  That’s why so many Seomish came through the original farpool to Earth.  That farpool…the original one…was a side effect of time twister operation.”
“Don’t tell me,” said Rey.  “You want to put us three puny humans—two humans and one amphib…right in the middle of this war.  To stop this war you’re talking about.”
Charley was forthright.  “I wanted to be here when the Umans came.  There has to be a way to deal with the Coethi that prevents this sun from blowing up.  Negotiations, maybe, hell I don’t know.  But if I—we—can convince the Umans and the Coethi to bypass this system, none of what happened afterward ever really happens.  No supernova.  No Great Emigration.  No Sea People on Earth.  No Ponkti-Omtorish conflicts.  No Purple plague.”
“One flaw in the plan,” Sandy pointed out.  “What makes you think these Coethi buggers can be convinced or forced to bypass this system?  If you’re right, and they’re the same as the Big Bug Cloud moving into our system back home, well—” Sandy threw up his hands, “we haven’t exactly had much luck with them, now have we?”
Charley lowered her head.  “I know, I know, it’s crazy.  But I have to try.  We’re in a position now to do something good.  We have some time—maybe a few months, maybe more, to figure something out.”
Peering out the porthole at sand and sea spray blowing sideways, Rey shuddered.  “And what exactly do we do with ourselves while we wait for these Umans?  I don’t see any Expool out there anymore.”
Charley was now glum, resigned to the magnitude of what she had done.  “It’s probably collapsed.  It’s probably gone.  The only way we’re getting off this burg now is when the Umans come and set up their time twister.  That thing can generate a for-real farpool we could use.”
“Even though you’re actually trying to stop them from setting up this very time twister…Charley, do you even hear yourself?” Rey said.  “You’re not even making any sense.  Is it that syndrome?  What’s driving you?  What’s all this about?  What if these Umans never come at all?”
Now, Charley got up abruptly and left the galley.  Rey’s words cut a little too close.  The truth was she couldn’t fully explain all this even to herself.  Yet the feelings were strong, overpowering at times.  As a Farpool Service officer, she’d always been driven by a sense of mission, always the mission.  
She closeted herself in her quarters, door shut, and lay back on her bunk, eyes closed, remembering…it had been a long time ago….

… On her fifteenth birthday, in the Earth year 2185, Charley was given a special present by her parents Kentrak and Erika.  Among Amphibs, the old Mexican custom of the quinceanera had long ago been adopted as a rite of passage…the old Seomish custom of the ke’tuvish’tek, the Circling, no longer being possible.  Some Seomish parents and some Amphib parents still practiced a variant of this, called a circa, in which the soon-to-be fifteen-year-old female traveled from pole to pole, either in the Atlantic or the Pacific, collecting specimens, and afterward, upon successful completion, becoming a woman.  
Kentrak and Erika wanted Charley to do this and she was sent to a special school (Circa School) in Keenomsh’pont to prepare.  The training lasted six months.
On her birthday, Charley set off on her circa, heading north first to the Arctic Circle.  Thus, began one of the great adventures of her life.
Finally, the time of the Circa was upon her.  Charley had completed all the Tasks prescribed by her CircMaster and in a hearing before the local kel’em, she was pronounced fit to begin the Circa.  Her natural mother was there, Erika Meyer and she wished Charley well, though she kept her distance, for Charley was rapidly becoming known as a troublemaker.  
Charley set off on her Circa with great anticipation and excitement.  Soon she would be able to pursue all her great dreams, once she finished the ritual.  She had made up her mind, as Keenomsh’pont dwindled behind her, to found her own em’kel upon her return, an em’kel dedicated to exploring the unknown realms in the region above, the region of the Not-Water.  Charley’s dream was someday to live on land, among the humans (the Notwater people).
The Circa lasted nearly one full year and was a genuine test of Charley’s endurance and resourcefulness.  She was not allowed a kip’t and had to travel under her own power at all times, even though she occasionally hitched a ride on the backs of whales.  During this period, Charley had a lot of time to think and as she circumnavigated the Atlantic from pole to pole, the philosophy that would underlie her soon-to-be-founded em’kel was formed.
Only one major crisis occurred during the Circa and it came shortly after Charley had crossed into the southern Atlantic.  Traditionally, midlings completing their Circa were allowed free passage through territorial waters unless they enter restricted zones (which were rare and well-marked) or unless they stopped for long periods at any one place.  Their position and progress were monitored closely from border to border.  They also had to steer clear of special zones marked by the humans, such as oil rigs and territorial fishing waters. 
Once in the south Atlantic, Charley turned to follow the great curve of the Mid-Atlantic ridge, as an aid to navigation.  While en route and remembering her earlier experiences chasing the whales, Charley decided to try something: she wanted to see if she was strong enough to reach the bottom of the abyss.  Near a section of the mid-Ridge just east of St. Helena Island, she tried and was successful at withstanding the painful high pressures, though not without a case of cramps. When she ascended again, though, she found a Ponkti patrol squad waiting.  They wanted to know what Charley was doing and would not believe her explanations.  It seemed that the Ponkti were conducting secret research in the area and they were suspicious of visitors.  They took Charley to a monitoring post not far away for questions and after a few days, they satisfied themselves that she was not a spy (which they knew anyway because all kels provided all other kels with an advance listing of who was on the Circa).  Charley was released to go on her way but with a sour taste about the Ponkti and a suspicion of them that would last.
The rest of the Circa was uneventful (Charley did spot more pods of whales) and she returned to Keenomsh’pont a full month later, tired but happy.  She was a new person upon her return, an adult now, with a stronger sense of purpose.  After the ceremony of return, Charley consummated adulthood with the male of her choice, in this case, a childhood friend named Tulko kim. Later, she was pleased and intrigued by a present offered by her parents: a trip through the Atlantic Farpool, a sort of learning vacation, to a time of ancient Earth.  Completing this trip would complete the last of her schooling and it appealed to her sense of adventure as well.
It was on the trip she had met a young man, a star megaballer, named Reynaldo Diaz….

Charley sat up so abruptly in her bunk, she hit her head on a stanchion.  Ouch!  
Maybe I was wrong to bring Sandy and Rey along.  Maybe I should have explained better what I was up to.  But they did volunteer to come.  And then there was Rey— 
When in doubt, do something useful.  Farpool Service training was already kicking in, as she swung her legs down and padded out into the gangway.  Okay, so there was no longer an Expool to return to Shooki, or anywhere else for that matter.  She knew this world—she had been here before, hunting down traditional remedies for the Purple.  On this world, on the surface, they would need shelter and fast.  They needed to erect some kind of sensor grid to detect the approach of the Umans, and possibly the approach of the Coethi, the Bugs.
And though Rey and Sandy didn’t fully understand this, she knew that beneath the waves lay an entire Seomish civilization, all the kels, all the cities, the pal’penk herds, crisscrossing the seas on their endless cargo runs, the Pillars of Shooki shrine not far away.  Charley smiled at the prospect of meeting some of her most distant ancestors.  Yes, she was fully Amphib.  Part human and part Seomish.
In her mind’s eye, Charley figured this trip was actually a sort of homecoming.  During the Purple, she had fought with her Omtorish cousins against Ponkti encroachments on the big city at Keenomsh’pont.  Now, she was ready to fight for a bigger prize, the biggest prize of all…a chance to push the Uman-Coethi wars away from Seome and save this vast oceanic world and its people.  
Yep, it meant altering a primary timeline.  Tempus regit was the Farpool Service rally cry.  Time rules.  Time jumpers don’t mess with timelines.
But this time jumper had a bigger mission.  And her mother Erika had always said, mostly in exasperation, that Charley Meyer was a born troublemaker.
That made her smile more broadly.  She went looking for Rey and Sandy.

Weeks passed in dedicated work to make some kind of home, or at least a livable camp, on Kinlok Island.  From supplies aboard their jumpship, they build crude shelters in and among  caves on the island.  This lasted for many days and Rey and Sandy despaired of ever leaving this world, wondering if it was such a good idea entering the old--and now gone-- Expool.  Charley proposed they should head for kel Omt’or on the other side of the ocean and try to make a new home there.  But she knew humans would have a difficult time living permanently underwater.
In the midst of this discouraging time, one ray of hope occurred when Charley learned that she was pregnant.  She and Rey would soon have a child, an Amphib child. 
It was ALBERT who broke the news, faithfully analyzing chemical markers in her urine and sweat every day.   
Rey was pale.  “I don’t know anything about this.  I don’t know what to do.”  He glanced over at Sandy.
The Aussie shrugged.  “Don’t look at me.  I am engineer.  I fab parts and fix things.”
Charley laughed.  “You two…stop worrying.  We’ve got ALBERT.  We’ve got a full medical kit.  We’ll get this done.”

Charley carried the child to term—eight months after ALBERT broke the news—and delivered a healthy hybrid human-amphib child.  Delivery was done in a modified sick bay. Rey helped her with breathing and the final push.  Sandy stood by with meds, forceps and other tools.  ALBERT guided them both in a cool, detached voice.  It was a girl.
They named her Charlotte.
“Isn’t she beautiful?” beamed Charley, cradling the infant to her face.
“Maybe we should wipe her down…she’s still wet.” Rey said.  He reached for a sterilized wrap.
“Silly, she’s part amphib.  Amphib skins are always moist…it helps with respiration.  Her skin has glands that…oh, never mind.  It’s normal.  You want to hold her?”
Rey demurred but Sandy clucked like a proud father and took Charlotte into his arms.  “What are these knobs on her arms?”
Charley smiled broadly.  “The beginnings of armfins.  On her feet too.  If you look closely, you can see the start of some webbing.”
Sandy peered up and down Charlotte’s tiny glistening body.  “I’ll be damned.”
Rey tickled Charlotte under her chin, then examined his own fingers as if they might be contaminated.  “Her eyes…she stares so.”
“She doesn’t have saccadic eye movements like we do.  All amphibs are like this, even me.  We have to stare and fix what we look at it…it helps us recognize things.”
Rey said nothing but continued carefully fondling Charlotte, eventually cradling the infant himself when Sandy handed her over.
“I guess we should start feeding her.”
Charley sat up in her bunk, a little fatigued and dizzy but happy for all that.  “ALBERT’ll know what she needs now.”
“So, what does she eat?”
“You,” Charley smiled.

A week later, Charley told Rey, “We need to get her down to the sea.  Dip her in the water, to get her gills working properly.”
“It’s not too soon?”
Charley said, “ALBERT recommended this be done while she’s still suckling.  She does breathe through her skin, like me, but those little gills have got to be exposed to the water.”
While Sandy detailed himself to carting supplies from the ship over Big Tooth Mountain—that’s what they had named the island’s central ridge, the spine of Kinlok Island—where a reasonably comfortable cave home had been outfitted over the weeks with fabbed furniture and homey little knickknacks, Rey and Charley carried Charlotte papoose-style down to the tiny beach.
It was a calm day—what passed for calm on Seome—with steady winds, but no gusts and whitecaps crashing offshore out to several hundred meters.  The ocean and wind roared with an incessant growl, and low clouds scudded by overhead.  The sun—the yellow-white class G star Sigma Albeth B—shone wanly like a daub of butter through gauzy overcast.  
A narrow path had been cut down the defile from the top of Big Tooth to make transport of supplies to and from the ship easier.  While the trio lived and slept for the most part in the cave home, the jumpship was always visited at least once every day, to keep her maintained and ready for departure should that someday prove possible.
Omt’or lay in her beached position, ruts gouged in the mud all around her hull, like a resting whale.
Carefully, Charley and Rey carried Charlotte out to deeper water and dipped her repeatedly into the waves.  At first, she cried and bawled at the top of her lungs but gradually with repetition and a lot of cuddling and cooing, she grew accustomed to the cold salty water.
“See?” Charley said.  “Her little gill sacs are swollen.  They’re flexing.  She’s getting used to it.”
They immersed Charlotte for longer and longer periods, each time dunking her just below the surface, holding her a few moments, then lifting her joyously up and shaking her off.  After a time, the crying and tears stopped.  Charlotte almost seemed to be enjoying the dips.
And each time, she stayed underwater longer and longer.  Soon her gills were slightly reddened from the exertion and the cold, but she always came up spluttering and giggling.
Charlotte Meyer had learned something important about herself...how to breathe underwater.
Drying her off with warm towels, Charley was stuffing her daughter into the carrier on Rey’s back when Rey suddenly pointed far out to sea.
“What’s that?  What the hell is that?”
Charley squinted in the stinging mist.  Just barely visible were two small, rounded gray-white humps.  Puzzled, she was about to ignore them as distant breakers about to overtop when a spiked tail and crested head rose nearby.
“Oh, my God…seamothers!  Sea—Rey, they’re coming this way.  Their beaching…we’ve got to go!  Now! Come on!”
Waddling up the narrow path toward the peak of Big Tooth, Charley and Rey, carrying Charlotte on his back, scurried as fast as they could, sliding, skidding, loosening rocks which tumbled dozens of meters down to the beach, trying to find some kind of shelter.  They came to a narrow defile, like a crevice and wedged themselves inside, Rey at the bottom cradling and covering Charlotte and Charley on top.
“I just hope they don’t pick up the scent,” Charley muttered.  “Seamothers spent half their lives on land, on these islands.  They can smell prey kilometers away.”
The two serpents splashed and bellowed toward the beach, their massive bodies swaying ponderously as they found footing and emerged onto land.  
One of the seamothers became curious when she noticed the jumpship.  She waddled over and began sniffing and licking Omt’or’s outer hull, trying to decide whether the jumpship would make a tasty meal.  They could see her horned and spiked tail, whipping back and forth in anticipation of a dinner.  Her flanks were a rippling mass of silvery-white, mottled with gray and also with scars from innumerable battles she had fought.  
Eventually, the seamother decided jumpship Omt’or wasn’t to her taste.  Frustrated, she stuck her nose over the stern and casually flipped the entire jumpship over on its side, as if it were a play toy.  She was soon joined by the other beast.
“Oh, no!” Charley muttered.  “The ship…we’ll have to—”
“What happened?”
“That stupid beast just flipped the ship…my God, Sandy’ll have a heart attack.”
Still cradling Charlotte, who was sound asleep, even snoring lightly, Rey chanced a peek.  What he saw was dismaying, to say the least.
“Rudders and planes are damaged.  Hopefully, not the propulsors.  Thank God we have ANAD fabs.  This should keep Sandy busy for a few weeks.
The two seamothers had started moving away, half on the beach, half in the surf, happily splashing their way south toward a band of low peaks below the headland.  All they could see were two glistening white humps and necks and crested heads, bobbing away from them, immersed in a light mist that refracted light.  Long, rolling swells slapped against the side of the overturned ship.  A violent storm was building and the wind whipped the water into a foaming froth.
Then they were gone.
Charley got up and sat dejectedly on the edge of the crevice, peering down at the ship.  “Well, that sucks.  I guess Sandy can fix everything.  We’ll have to do a thorough inspection.”
Rey agreed.  “I just hope we can turn her back over.  Sandy may have to fab some big levers to do that.  We should put the problem to ALBERT.”
“Assuming ALBERT survived the seamothers.  Rey—” Charley stood up, bracing herself against the gusts, “I wanted to outfit Omt’or for a little trip, as soon as Charlotte was old enough.”
“Trip?  To where?  There’s no farpool, you know.”
“We won’t need a farpool.  I wanted to make the ship seaworthy enough to head out across the Ponk’el and Omtorkel Seas, through the Serpentines to Omsh’pont.”
Rey was puzzled.  “Omsh—what?”
“Omsh’pont.  Home city of the Omtorish.  The cradle of the kel.  Homewaters of my distant ancestors.  I’ll bet I have relatives there now.”
Rey hoisted up Charlotte’s carrier and they set off again for the peak of Big Tooth.  The caves were several dozen meters down the eastern slopes of the mountain.
“So, how long a trip is this?”
Charley did some mental arithmetic.  “Well, I don’t want to be away from Kinlok long.  I want to be here when the Umans arrive.  Say about four days, maybe five.  Just a short visit.  I could show you the sights—it’s truly an awesome place…wedged in right between two seamounts.  Keenomsh’pont, north of Bermuda in the Atlantic, was modeled after this place.”
“Okay, great leader,” Rey huffed, slightly out of breath from the exertion of the climb.  “You’re the boss.”
They made the peak and were heading down the path to the caves when Charley saw a strange pinpoint light flickering in the gray, leaden skies above them.  She and Rey stopped, looked at each other.
“What the hell-?”
They heard a low rumble beyond the clouds, which soon became a deafening roar.  
Charley’s heart skipped a beat when she finally saw the ship, lowering itself out of the clouds, a jumpship similar to their own, descending toward Kinlok Island, riding a fiery spear of light.
The ship landed north of their own jumpship, on a flat space atop a rocky escarpment overlooking the beach.
“Oh, my God—Rey!  Rey!  It’s them!  The Umans!  Come on--!”
Awkwardly, picking their way across the rocky, rubbly peak of Big Tooth, they reached a crest overlooking the landing spot and stopped and stared, agog, speechless at the sight of other travelers coming to this tiny spit of an island.
“Rey—look?”
“I see it!”
After the dust and rock chips had settled, a hatch had opened in the side of the ship.  Several suited crewmembers bearing some kind of weapons emerged and looked around, gesticulating at the wrecked jumpship Omt’or on the beach below them.
Charley almost forgot how to breathe.  
The Uman Alliance’s Time Guard had just arrived.  One after another, the crew of the 1st Time Displacement Battery stepped from the hatch and stood on the ground, ready to begin their efforts to make Kinlok Island a Time Guard base.
Ready to defend this sector of Halo Alpha against the encroaching Coethi enemy.

END
(to be continued in The Farpool: Destiny)

About the Author

Philip Bosshardt is a native of Atlanta, Georgia.  Now retired, for 23 years he worked for a large company that makes products everyone uses…just check out the drinks aisle at your grocery store. He’s been happily married for over 30 years.   He’s also a Georgia Tech graduate in Industrial Engineering.  He loves water sports in any form and swims 3 miles a week in anything resembling water.  He and his wife have no children.  
For technical and background details on his series Tales of the Quantum Corps, Quantum Troopers and Quantum Troopers Return, visit his blog Quantum Corps Times at http://qcorpstimes.blogspot.com.  For details on other books in this and other series, visit his website at http://philbosshardt.wix.com/philip-bosshardt or learn about other books by Philip Bosshardt by visiting www.smashwords.com. 
To get a peek at Philip Bosshardt’s notes and the backstory on how The Farpool Stories were created, recent reviews, excerpts from his upcoming novel The Farpool: Destiny (due out in spring 2022) and general updates on the writing life, visit his blog The Word Shed at: http://thewdshed.blogspot.com.
