The Farpool: Plague
Published by Philip Bosshardt at Smashwords
Copyright 2021 Philip Bosshardt
Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Chapter 1

Wright Memorial Hospital
Scotland Beach, FL
July 3, 2195 (Friday)

Death would be a relief, Cory Everett thought, as he watched his wife Leah struggling underneath the bioshield.   What was left of Leah was a shriveled, emaciated, bruised, convulsing skeleton of bloody skin and bone, consumed with late-stage effects of the Purple, an infection of unknown origin that had been sweeping the world in a global crisis for several years now.  Her prognosis was grim, as there was no vaccine or cure of medbotic intervention that seemed to work.  
Nanoscale medbots had been suffused throughout her body for months now, yet the Purple bacteriomechs had been able to defeat or blunt them in every session they had tried.  Cory closed his eyes, willing the imagery to go back to that closet in the back of his mind reserved for monsters and nightmares.  He heard a door hiss open and looked around.
It was Dr. Evan Wilshire.  Wilshire was clad in a Level 4 biosuit, his helmet off.  He carried a small capsule in one hand.  Two technicians came in too.  Cory knew them as Max and Elayne.
“We’re going to try another session this morning,” Wilshire announced.  As he explained what would be happening, Max and Elayne positioned the AMAD unit next to Leah’s bed, hooked up some tubes and lines and prepared to drop the shield.
“We’ve been working with the Lab to tweak AMAD,” Wilshire told them.  “New effectors, new probes, lots of new gear.  It’s worked well in lab tests and simulations.” 
Cory glanced at the skeptical faces of his son Reuben and daughter Jessica.  He knew AMAD was the Autonomous Medical Assembler/Disassembler.
“Can it really make a difference now, Doc?  Is there any real hope?”
Wilshire forced an optimistic smile he didn’t really feel, for the truth was that Purple was an aggressive bacteriomech and every attempt they had tried with AMAD had failed miserably.
“Cory, there’s always room for hope.  We want to try everything that has a reasonable chance of working.”
“Of course.”
Wilshire always tried to be upbeat in sessions like this, even when there really was no reason to hope.  “Let’s give it a shot, okay?  You’ll all have to leave now.  Go back to the waiting room.  Have a doughnut and coffee.  Let us do what we can here.”
“Of course.  I think we’ll just go to the chapel…and pray.”
Max helped them through the door with a sympathetic smile.  After the three of them were gone, he sealed the door, which hissed in response and snugged down his own helmet.  Wilshire and Elayne did the same.
Elayne then spent the next few minutes readying the AMAD cart while Max dropped the bioshield.  A spray of light around the bed flashed.  Wilshire loaded the new and improved bots into a nearby port on the cart.
Finally, Elayne announced, "Okay, Dr. Wilshire… she patted down the incision she had just made in the side of Leah's skull.  "Subject's prepped and ready."
Max handed Wilshire the injector tube, attached by hose to the containment chamber.  "Steady even suction, Doctor.  AMAD ready to fly?"
Elayne came back, "Ready in all respects."
"Vascular grid?"
"Tracking now.  We'll be able to follow the master just fine.  I'll replicate once we're through the blood-brain barrier."
"Watch for capillary flow," said Max.  "When her capillaries narrow, your speed will increase.  And viscosity will stay up."
"Like slogging through molasses.  AMAD's inerted and stable…ready for insertion."
The insertion went smoothly enough.  A slug of plasma forced the replicant master into Leah's capillary network at high pressure.  Wilshire got an acoustic pulse seconds later and selected Fly-by-Stick to navigate the system.  A few minutes' run on its propulsors brought the Autonomous Medical Assembler/Disassembler to a dense fibrous mat of capillary tissues.  The image soon appeared on Wilshire's IC panel.  
"Ready for transit," he told Max.  "Cytometric probing now.  I can force these cell membranes open any time."
Max used AMAD's acoustic coupler to sound the tissue dam ahead, probing for weak spots.  "There, right to starboard of those reticular lumps…that's a lipid duct, I'd bet a hundred bucks.  Let’s try there, this time.”
Wilshire steered AMAD into the vascular cleft of the membrane.  He twisted his right-hand controller, pulsing a carbene grabber to twist the cleft molecules just so, then released the membrane lipids and slingshot himself forward.  Seconds later, AMAD was floating in a plasma bath, dark, viny shapes barely visible off in the distance.  The plasma was a heavy viscous fluid.  Wilshire tweaked up the propulsor to a higher power setting and took a navigation hack off the vascular grid.  
"Ventral tegmentum, guys.  Just past the mesoencephalic nucleus.  Looks like we're in."
Wilshire navigated AMAD through the interstices of Leah's brain for the better part of an hour.  He had programmed the assembler to send an alarm when it encountered any kind of unnatural activity…especially assembler maneuvering or replication.  If there were any remnants of Purple left in her brain, he wanted to be ready.  
"Hopefully, the last treatment finished them off," he muttered to himself.
At 1824 hours, AMAD sent the alarm.
The imager screen was at first murky, crowded with the spikes and cubes of dissolved molecules.  Lumpy, multi-lobed sodium molecules darted across their view like shadowy ping-pong balls.  Wilshire studied readouts from AMAD's sounder…something was there, hidden in the data traces on the scope.  He fiddled with the gain on the imager, tweaking it, subtracting foreground clutter.
Something approximately sixty nanometers in one dimension, narrow with a globe structure at one end…and scores of probes, effectors, cilia, whatever.  Incredible mobility…triple propulsors beat an idling rhythm as AMAD closed in….
Max let out a whoop.  "Will you look at that?"
Elayne came closer, squinted at the vague, fuzzy outlines on the screen.  "It’s Purple, all right.  A whole colony of them.  A welcoming committee, it would appear.  Come to see what we're about."
Wilshire's fingers flew over the interface controls.  "We're about to check this joker out…" Quickly, he signaled AMAD to prime its defensive mechanisms, and slowed its approach to a crawl.  
Under Wilshire's guidance, AMAD maneuvered among the jostling molecules of chlorine and sodium and potassium.  A huge kinked snakelike cluster of hematite molecules drifted by.  Wilshire had an idea.  He signaled AMAD to grab a few hematites as a shield.  Seizing oxygen atoms with its effectors, AMAD clutched several molecules.
Gradually, the shape and size of the Purple device became clearer.  Bristling with effectors and arms, it had changed again, mutated and reconfigured, looking like a miniature Apollo Lunar Module.  The head was a multi-lobed cluster of spheres and hexagons; inside the churning electron cloud dimmed out any detail.  
Below the head was a cylindrical sheath, covered with pyramidal facets and undulating beads of proteins - the assembler's probes and effectors.  Wilshire was frankly awed at the sight.
"It’s reconfiguring so rapidly…I just don’t see how---so many different kinds of effectors," Elayne marveled.
Indeed, the horde of Purple assemblers were rigged out like battleships, with devices for every conceivable mechanical or chemical action.  A baseplate capped one end of the sheathed body.  The tail structure was dense thicket of fibers, each tipped with penetrator clusters.  The penetrators enabled the mech to attach to and enter any structure.
Wilshire brought AMAD to a complete stop.  The hairs on the back of his neck bristled.  Something wasn't quite right, but he couldn't put his finger on it.  The data was wrong…Purple wasn't supposed to be like this at all.
"Max…what do you make of this?"
The technician was amazed at the images AMAD was returning.  "It's the basic anti-viral structure we've seen before with Purple.  Vivonex published that two months ago.  But it's enhanced, somehow.  Changed or evolved.  I've never seen so many effectors.  Amazing.  That probe for instance--" he fingered a dark, indistinct structure to one side of the nearest device--"looks just like a saw.  And that--I believe I recognize…I'll be damned--"
Wilshire had seen it too.  "Sorting rotor?"
"That's what it looks like."  At Elayne's request, Wilshire fiddled with the resolution, managed to tweak the view even sharper.  Dim outlines became clearer.  "A segment of a sorting rotor.  Cam-driven with carbene grabbers and--" he squinted down at the imager, adjusted his glasses "--looks like--yep, diamondoid follower rods.  "Probably process upwards of several hundred thousand molecules per cycle."  Elayne shook her head with grudging respect.  "Neat workmanship.  But I'd bet my aunt Emma's life savings that bugger's not what we’ve seen before.  This is new."
The three of them were growing increasingly uneasy at what they had found.
"Simply incredible."  Wilshire pointed out the dendritic branches of nearby nerve cell tissue.  "Artificial nerve stimulation, folks.  I'm sure of it.  Purple's inserted itself into this poor woman's brain, fought off all our attempts with AMAD, then reconfigured itself as a sorting rotor.  Now it's sitting alongside her synaptic clefts like a circus performer, pumping dopamine back and forth on command.  Or more likely, according to a program stored in its processor.  What you're looking at is in vivo stimulation of artificial nerve impulses according to programmed nanobotic control.  Simply incredible."
Elayne paled at the implications.  "Is that what's infected this woman?"
Wilshire shrugged, tried to tug at loose hairs on his red beard but couldn’t through the helmet.  "Impossible to say.  Purple's undoubtedly spun off swarms of these buggers.  Possibly the process isn't perfect.  Or who knows?  Maybe Purple just evolved to scramble the works…pump useless molecules of whatever its assembler brain decides…maybe formaldehyde or something…into the post-synapses.  Your central nervous system seizes up and shuts down…death in minutes, if not in seconds.  But the more likely probability--now that I see the bastard up close in a living victim--is more frightening.  Leah's suffering from overstimulation, along with all her other conditions.  The bleed-out is just a cover…for this.  All the ex-sanguination, all the discharges seem to have hidden this symptom.  We've seen similar effects on cases we've studied.  But until now, we've never been able to get small enough to watch these buggers in action.  Purple's too nimble.  We even experimented with this ourselves a few years ago.  Never could get it to work."
Elayne shook her head.  "Fantastic engineering, if it's what I think it is.  Acetylcholine, dopamine, serotonin…the possibilities are endless.  Synthesize enough of the right molecules and inject them across the synaptic gap here.  You're basically in control of a nerve impulse."
Unnoticed by anyone, the swarm of Purple mechs had begun to re-orient themselves tail first toward AMAD.  Their tail fiber penetrators quickly reconfigured, locking into attack position.
He is who is skilled in attack flashes forth from the topmost heights of heaven.
Out of the corner of his eye, Wilshire saw the maneuver on the imager.  
"Look out!" Max saw it too.  "He's changing position…all of 'em, coming at us--"
"I'm ready," Wilshire muttered.  His fingers flew across the keyboard.  Instantly, AMAD brought all its defensive mechanisms to attack position.  It cast off the hematite shield and closed for battle.
Elayne was stunned.  "What the hell…it’s reconfiguring right in front of us--"
As AMAD sped forward, Purple grew and retracted appendages and surface structure with blazing speeds.  The outer membrane of the mech seethed with motion, as atoms and clusters of atoms twisted, bonded, twisted again, rebonded, broke apart, recombined, straightened, undulated and whirled.
The gap between them vanished and AMAD grappled with the nearest mech.  Other mechs swarmed to the battlefield.
Beside Leah's bed, Elayne began murmuring a quiet prayer….
Wilshire was stunned by the speed of the assault.  A battalion of Purple soon engulfed AMAD.  No time to replicate now…got to get free…signal daughters…Wilshire fired off a burst of instructions to gather all the daughters AMAD had replicated going in.  It might be too late.
The imager screen shook with the collision, then careened sideways.
Several minutes passed.  The imager view vibrated with the ferocity of the attack.  Chains of oxygen molecules, pressed into service as makeshift weapons, whipped across the screen.   The water was soon choked with cellular debris.  Purple replicated several times, adding new molecule strings.  It stripped off electrons to make an armor shield of highly reactive chlorine atoms.   In seconds, AMAD was immobilized by the chlorine sheath.
"I can't hold structure!" Wilshire yelled.  "I'm reconfiguring…shutting down peripheral systems!"
Max had taken a place beside Wilshire at the interface controls.  "Got to disengage, Boss…emergency truncation.  Everything not critical.  We've got to get AMAD out of there before we lose him!"
"I'm trying…but the damn mech's penetrated the signal path…if he cuts the link…."
"I know, I know…just keep trying, Jesus…internal bonds on main body structure weakening…I've lost all grappling capability…."
As they watched, Purple systematically dismantled AMAD, molecule by molecule.  AMAD was woefully unprepared for the assault.  With ruthless efficiency, Purple mechs whirred and chopped every device AMAD could generate.  AMAD tried to counter, replicating probes, inserters, jaws, cilia, pumps, blowers--but it was no use.
Purple mutated too fast.  Somehow, the mech seemed to anticipate AMAD's every move.
Wilshire was awed by Purple's combat capabilities.  "Incredible," he whispered.  "The perfect warrior.  Must have one hell of a processor."
Max agreed.  "Probably quantum, just like AMAD."
They were all stunned at the ferocity of Purple's response.  
Wilshire's fingers flew across the keyboard.  "It doesn't make any sense.”  He had no choice but to disengage to save the AMAD master.  Extract before AMAD was chopped to pieces and leave Leah to the Purple device.
"We're losing signal strength, Doctor!" Max yelled.
"I see it!  Purple's penetrated the matrix.  Main processing functions in danger…I'm counterprogramming…."  Wilshire pecked madly at the keyboard.
Elayne shook a fist at the imager screen, now a dark, swirling mass of shapes and forms.  "Come on, damn it!  Come on…."
But AMAD couldn't hold.  Every move was countered by the nanomech.  Purple's response was swift and sure.  Wilshire, Max, and Elayne watched in amazement and horror, as one by one, AMAD's capabilities--fine motor control, attitude and orientation, propulsors, sensors, molecule analysis, replication--were rendered inert, or completely excised.
AMAD was helpless.
"Got to get the hell out of Dodge," Wilshire muttered.  While I still can.
Max was checking status.  "It's bad, Dr. Wilshire.  We've got no electron lens.  No enzymatic knife.  Hardly any effector control.  AMAD's crippled."
Evan Wilshire gritted his teeth.  "Not just yet…"  His fingers flew over the keyboard.  "We've gotta get some data…got to probe that bugger, get some structure on him…if I can just get stabilized--"
"Doctor--there's nothing left to stabilize--"
Leah's prostrate body shuddered and convulsed.  Elayne held her breath…behind the frothing outlines of the assault, the imager showed swarms of Purple mechs beating back through her cranial plasma, ready to resume their mindless pumping of dopamine.  A low moan escaped her lips.
Despite all odds, Wilshire wasn't about to give up.  Grimly determined, he piloted what was left of the AMAD horde back for another wrestling match with the enemy.
"Whatever this thing is," he swore to himself, "it reacts like AMAD itself."  He worked the config controller, while Max managed status, crossing his fingers that the AMAD master would hold together.
Extend a grappler there.  Poke a carbene there—
While Max and Elayne helped hold Leah still, Wilshire disengaged AMAD, scrunching up an atom group as he tacked against the churning plasma, closing steadily on the nearest mech.  Inside a few dozen nanometers, he siphoned off the mech's outer charge and let the zap break him away.
Reams of bond energy data and config details burst onto the imager.  Max let out a yelp.  The enemy mechs had given up vitals on structure and AMAD snatched the info right out from under him, storing it, pulsing it back to the IC's.
"Now, I gotcha, you little bastard--"
Wilshire knew he had to get AMAD away while he still could.  Purple swarmed forward at the same time Leah convulsed again.
Elayne and Max couldn't hold her down.  "Neural seizure, Doctor…Purple's eating her alive…"
Elayne was powerless to save her.  She cradled Leah's pale face, watching the onslaught on the imager screen.  "Damn mechs have gone berserk…they're shredding neural tissue…flooding synapses--" Leah jerked and spasmed violently, arching her back so far, her spine cracked.  Startled, Elayne fell back and stumbled, scrambling away from her twitching body.
At the same time, Wilshire was determined to get AMAD out of her skull before he lost the assembler completely.
"Executing quantum collapse…NOW!"  Come on baby, get small for me…get real small….
Deep inside Leah's brain, the AMAD master collapsed what was left of its own structure in an explosive puff of atom fragments.  Base, effectors, probes and grapplers, even the core shell surrounding its nanoprocessor, went hurtling into the plasma in a big bang of spinning atom parts.
Instantly, AMAD disappeared.  To all intents and purposes, AMAD had effectively vanished in a cloud of blurry quantum waves.
Less than four minutes later, making its way on quantum wave propulsors, AMAD was finally extracted and re-inserted into the mobile containment cart, its nanoprocessor still dogging electron states to bring the nearly invisible device home.
One minute later, Leah flatlined.  Only heroic efforts from the crash cart team that was quickly summoned prevented the end.  Wilshire ordered the bioshield to be raised again.  As the barrier flashed into full coverage, he stripped off his helmet, wiped sweat from his eyes and forehead and sank into a nearby chair.
As he watched the convulsing, blood-stained wreck that was Leah Everett, he knew they were only prolonging the inevitable.  
Purple had won again.
Wilshire’s eyes met Elayne’s.  “Better get the family in here now.”

All faces were pale and grim as Wilshire explained how Purple had defeated their latest attempt.  
“It’s the same progression we’ve seen hundreds of times here at the Clinic.  Purple seems to be an engineered device, as we’ve seen before.” As Cory and the kids watched, Wilshire waved his hand and the gesture summoned a 3-d image of the device from a nearby server, annotated with text describing what was known.  The image hung in the air over Leah like a malevolent spirit.
Wilshire narrated what they were seeing.  “Predominant symptoms of the Purple include neuromuscular degeneration with aspects of Ebola-like hemorrhagic fever.  
“The name ‘Purple’ comes from the skin discoloration caused by toxic effects of blood leaking into the skin.  Purple causes perfusion of blood throughout the body, as tissues and organs are broken down.  Bloody discharges from mouth, eyes, noses and rectum are common.
“We’ve recently learned and today’s session seems to prove that the Purple bacteriomech has the ability to penetrate the ventral tegmentum of the brain and receive or execute programmable commands, to affect the stimulus/reward circuits of the human brain…on command.  Stimulus overload results from the effect of Purple on the brain’s serotonin and dopamine levels…a serotonin cascade usually leads to seizures and a quick violent death.  
“In most cases, the normal cause of death for Purple-infected patients is exsanguination of major organs and arteries, leading to uncontrollable bloody discharges, biomech overload of the central nervous system and often, septic shock.”
Cory Everett looked on glumly, not wanting Reuben and Jessica to see the tears forming at the corner of his eyes.  “Then there are no real countermeasures?”
Wilshire shook his head.  “No effective medical countermeasures have yet been developed or shown to be effective, due to its multiple effects.  Purple showed us today that it can defend itself against most countermeasures with its defensive suite.  Even nanobotic or medbotic interventions seldom achieve lasting results.  Purple is like the ultimate, perfect warrior. 
“Transmission of the infectious agents is mainly airborne…entering through eyes, nose, ears and mouth.  Other infection pathways are possible.  Wearing masks is not….”
Wilshire stopped.  He realized the others weren’t paying any attention.  By unspoken agreement, they had moved to Leah’s bed, surrounding it as closely as the bioshield would allow.
“She’s really suffering,” Jessica murmured.
Reuben agreed.  “This is no way to live.”
Cory nodded, looked up to catch Dr. Wilshire looking on sympathetically.  “Doc, what’s the local percentage up to…now?”
Wilshire knew what they meant.  They all did.  It was in the news every day, a gruesome count that had taken on a life of its own.  He consulted his wristpad, tapped a few times.
“Scotland Beach alone has lost 68% of its resident population to Purple.  That’s today’s latest, from Solnet.”
Cory and his kids were sad, distraught and inconsolable.
Jessica fought back tears.  Her voice quavered.  “I know so many—”
They all looked on at the shriveled, convulsing, blood-stained wreck that was their mother.
Wilshire let the talk subside for a few moments—grieving had its own rhythms—then made a proposal.
“You all understand that we’re dealing with a terminal situation here…”
Nods, tears and sniffles followed.
“We could go ahead and arrange for decon now.  It’ll have to be done anyway.  Public health requirements.”
Cory looked up, blinked back his own tears.  “Decon?”
“Deconstruction.  Controlled nanobotic disassembly.  It’s the safest and most humane response to her suffering.  But it’s irrevocable, of course.”
Reuben said, “Isn’t that what the Assimilationists believe in?  That cult follows the same idea.”
Wilshire shrugged.  “So I’ve heard.  What I’m proposing is a procedure we’ve done hundreds of times, around here.  Like I said, the Public Health people require it.  Local regulations mandate ‘decon’ when no other treatment is working and the end is near.”
Cory studied the faces of Reuben and Jessica.  “Doc, I think we’ll need some time to think about this.”
Wilshire understood.  Everybody reacted to the idea differently.  “Why don’t the three of you grab a bite in the cafeteria?  We’ll notify you of any changes.”
Cory agreed and they left CICU and headed downstairs.  As they were sitting down to quick dinner, they were paged over the public address and told to return at once to CICU.
Leah had flatlined again.  
Back inside the CICU, ashen-faced at what they saw, Cory checked with Reuben and Jessica.  The kids nodded quickly and Cory gave Dr. Wilshire permission to begin decon.
Still enveloped in the bioshield, the cart bearing Leah Everett was hurriedly rolled down the hall to the Decon room.  Wilshire watched with the family through thick windows from outside as two techs inside dropped the bioshield and prepped the still body for disassembly.
The decon tech was named Gavin.  He emerged, then sat at a console just outside the booth, while the remaining tech helped Leah inside, positioning the body properly on the table.  The inside tech then emerged and shut and latched the door, pressing a button to begin the seal and containment process.  In seconds, a tight bot-proof seal had been formed around the interior of the booth, a barrier formed of electron injectors and a dedicated botscreen.
“Let’s do it,” he told Gavin.  The tech pressed buttons.
Inside the booth, a fog had formed…that was the first layer of nanobots released into the compartment.  Leah disappeared into the fog, only a leg and a shoulder could be seen.
The fog thickened.  A faint buzz could be heard from inside the booth.  Cory Everett and his son and daughter watched as the cloud of bots thickened.  More and more bots were released and replicated, swelling to fill every cubic millimeter of the booth.  Somewhere in there, configuration C-99 was also being copied over and over again, trillions of times, infecting each and every atom and molecule, a pattern that would in time rise up and completely consume the mortal remains of Leah Everett.
Leah never moved.  Cory watched her right leg.  At first, it was unchanged, a purplish bruised leg with a section of her lavender gown showing, hitched up just above her knee.  But even as he watched, the dark bruises of her skin had begun to fade.  In moments, it was almost gray, like the fog itself, oscillating between darker and lighter, but still gray.  Then the gray became a translucent shimmer, almost like a ghost, flickering slightly, but growing ever dimmer.  Her shoulder was the same.  
Leah Everett was slowly but steadily being disassembled.   She was being steadily broken down into a pattern, a pattern of atoms and molecules.  
The end came softly, almost as if the woman were walking away in a light rain.  Her body, the physical Leah Everett, began to fade inside the booth.  At first, it had been barely perceptible, just a faint blurring of her skin, her extremities, a smearing of her legs and shoulder, as if a photo had lost contrast.  
In time, and the time was less than ten minutes, Leah Everett had devolved—that was Dr. Wilshire’s word—into a nearly translucent shadow, still recognizable in form, but without substance.  You could see right through the form and the shadow to the other side of the booth.
And then she was gone.  All that was left of Leah was a pile of ash and nanobotic residue.
Daughter Jessica choked back a deep sob and broke down completely.

Fervent Brewery
Burton-on-Trent
Staffordshire, England
July 5, 2195

At the production floor clinic of the Brewery, systems operator Liam Cantwell (newly promoted to Senior Production Specialist 2), had just reported for help.  He had been feeling weak and exhausted all morning—really, for several days now—and nearly collapsed on the floor when he came in.
Alarmed, nurse-on-duty Pria Sinha blanched and instinctively drew back on seeing Cantwell on the clinic floor.  She knew what this was…the brewery had already suffered several cases this week.
Early-stage Purple.  
Cantwell’s skin was already turning color, he was weak and unable to stand and he had been having seizures and bleeding uncontrollably from his eyes, nose and mouth.  A robotic co-worker --Cobot Winston-- had carried Cantwell into the clinic, from a maintenance job on the pasteurizer they were working on. 
Sinha ordered an immediate bioshield be erected around Cantwell and his new wife Greta be contacted.  Greta showed up half an hour later, with two-year-old son Colin and infant daughter Sarah in tow.  
The shock came immediately.  “Liam…my God…Liam….!”  She fell to her knees, tried to push fingers through the barrier but the bots pushed her back.
“Ma’am…ma’am—” nurse Pria grabbed her shoulders and physically pulled her away from the bioshield.  “Please…don’t do that—”
Behind Greta, two-year-old Colin cried and daughter Sarah joined in.
Greta was devastated, prostrate with grief, shaking her head in disbelief.  “What--?”
Pria and NHS medbot technician Lucille Nvango helped her to her feet.
“Ma’am…sit over here…please, sit and I’ll get you something.”  They helped her to a nearby seat.  Greta backpedaled awkwardly, unable to take her eyes off the image of her husband being rapidly disassembled right before them.  Lucille gave her a cup of water.
All eyes were on the commotion on the floor.
“I’ve never seen anything like this,” Pria mumbled.  Her throat was dry as she watched the disintegrating form of Liam Cantwell thrashing and flailing about on the floor, still contained by the shield.  
Lucille stared in shock.  “Your message said early-stage Purple—”
“It was early-stage…when he came in.  His skin had just started turning.  Bloody discharges from his mouth, nose and eyes…all the signs were early-stage.”
Nvango shook her head.  “If you’re right—my God, I’ve never seen Purple this aggressive before in a Stage 1 patient.  This is full-blown Stage 4.  Usually, the decon, if it comes at all—every other case I’ve seen—it’s much later in the progression.  Or it’s done intentionally.”
Right before their eyes, system operator Liam Cantwell was being aggressively disassembled into little more than ashes.
“I’m calling Dr. Vikram…we’ve got to get this out—Pria, make sure that shield is holding.”
While Pria checked on the shield integrity, Nvango left the clinic and called the local NHS office on her wristpad.  Ten minutes later, a white-haired physician rushed into the clinic.  
Immediately, he directed Nvango to escort a distraught Greta and her tearful children out of the clinic.
“Take them to the break room.  Here—” he handed Nvango a small bottle of pills—“give Mrs. Cantwell two of these.  Make her stay calm—this—”  Vikram shook his head, rubbed his eyes.  He had come just in time to witness the final moments of the decon.  “—this is unbelievable.”
After Nvango had ushered Greta and her children out, Vikram and Pria watched as what had been a living, breathing Liam was reduced to little more than smoking ash, still hopefully contained inside the bioshield.
“Shield’s holding, Doctor.  So far.”
Vikram knew he didn’t have much time.  “I’m calling an immediate Level 1 emergency, brewery-wide.  The entire clinic, maybe even the entire brewery, will have to be contained in a Level 1 bioshield.”  He glanced over at Pria, whose face was pale and stony.  “You know what that means?”
Pria nodded dumbly, still in shock.
“The two of us will have to remain where we are, quarantined inside the shield, once it’s put up.”  He tapped out a message on his own wristpad.  “I’m calling NHS now…they’ve got to get going on this straight away.”  He swallowed audibly and found himself a nearby seat, lowering himself heavily into it.  “This is bad.  Very bad.  Purple’s mutating.  Reconfiguring.  It’s spreading exponentially around Staffordshire at lightning sped…I just read the figures this morning.  Burton’s already lost almost twenty percent of her population to this damned plague, dead or deconned.”
Fifty feet away, inside an employee breakroom, a sniffling Greta was drying her eyes with tissues, holding Sarah and Colin close.  She looked up at the ashen face of Lucille Nvango,  hovering over her with more tissues. 
“I don’t know what we’ll do, nurse.  I don’t know where we’ll go—the flat, the car—or where we’ll live.  Maybe we’ll have to go on welfare—to survive….”

SOLNET Special Report: “The Purple Continues Its Relentless Spread Across the Globe.”

“Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.  As a part of our continuing coverage of the Purple plague, we take you now to Solnet correspondent Anna Kolchinova, tonight in Geneva, at World Health Organization headquarters.  Kolchinova will be remotely interviewing the noted Seomish/Amphib historian Likto klu kel: Om’t—”
There is a sudden disruption in the feed.  Images careen crazily for a few moments, shots of  cutaways and vignettes from Burton-on-Trent, England interspersed with scenes from Conakry, Guinea and Bandung, Indonesia—people chanting, waving signs, hospital workers in biosuits scurrying down hospital halls, sirens blaring, ambulances speeding down deserted nighttime streets, smoking piles of ashes…
“…we’re sorry…we seem to be having some technical difficulties with the pickup from Geneva.  While we work on getting Anna back, Solnet wants to cut away to some breaking footage of a rally being held in America, happening right now, in a little-known mountain town in Tennessee—”
Another voice cuts in….

As a part of our continuing effort to bring the most compelling and newsworthy stories on the Purple plague and the Amphib phenomenon to you, Solnet Special Report sent correspondent Leanne Radovich to Freeburg, Tennessee, to interview the citizens of this small town and get their views on what is happening.  While every news source is unique, Special Report found that the views and opinions of the people of this mountain hamlet were particularly representative of the most commonly held views across our audience.

“I’m standing here on the side of Main Street in Freeburg, Tennessee, with one of the more notable citizens of this lovely town, nestled in the foothills of the Smoky Mountains.  Mr. Lanier Barnes has achieved a certain notice, some would say notoriety, for Freeburg as a result of his strongly-held opinions about Amphibs.  Mr. Barnes, welcome to Special Report and thanks for taking the time to be with us.”
“Well, shoot, Anika, what’s a fellow going to do when a pretty young thing like yourself comes sashaying by.  Where’d you say you were from?”
“Thank you, Mr. Barnes.  Actually, Germany.  Mr. Barnes, could you explain what all these people have gathered for?  I see you’ve got some kind of rally going.”
(COMMAND TO DRONECAM: Altitude 10 meters.  Wide-angle establishing shot…be sure to center Barnes and get the Courthouse Square and those mountains in the background…I’ll add effects later)
“That’s right, young lady.  Every day this week, we got a rally going right here on Main Street.  Just look at ‘em, must be several hundred of these good folks today.”
“What’s the purpose of your rally, sir?”
“Well, we’ve been rallying and Net-blasting for some time now, trying to call attention to the gravest problem we face today.”
“Which is--?”
Barnes’ face takes on a pained look, like something he had eaten didn’t agree with him.  “Those pointy-head bureaucrats at the UN won’t enforce the danged Sanctuary Laws.  You know, all the Containment Laws.  Hell, we already fought wars over that, didn’t we?  All the friggin’ frogheads and fish people are taking over.”
“Mr. Barnes, I am assuming you are referring to Amphibs?”
“Darn right, sweetie.  Frogheads.  They should be quarantined, like the scum they are.  Jeez, they gave us this Purple crap too.  We need to stick the lot of ‘em into camps, like we did to the Japs back in the 20th century…you know: enemy aliens.”
(DRONECAM IMAGE FILE 223.832: Placards and signs wave in vigorous agreement with Barnes.  Other members of the rally close in around the speaker.  There is some good-natured shoving and shouts of “Damn right!”  “Give it to ‘em straight, Barnes!) (LR Annotation File).
“Mr. Barnes, Amphibs are just people, like you and me.  Changed to allow them live in water and on land…surely you don’t think of these people as enemy aliens?”
“They’re mutant frogs, all of them.  I don’t think of dangerous bugs like Purple as enemy aliens either…but I don’t want ‘em around.  All these frogs are eating our food, drinking our water, mating with our women…they need to be in camps.”
“Excuse me, Mr. Barnes…did you say mating with our women?  I’m not aware of any Amphibs accused of sexual engagements with normal—I should say, unmodified, humans.”
“Oh, Missy, you don’t know the half of it.”  A middle-aged woman with short-cropped black hair squeezes out of the crowd and stands before Leanne.  The reporter whispers into her lip mike DRONECAM…get a close-up of this— “These frogs have been defiling our daughters and sisters for years.  I know it’s supposed to be illegal, but you know it goes on.  What kind of offspring could possibly come from such infernal liaisons…monsters, half-bred freaks, that’s what.”
Barnes cuts in.  “We’re rallying today to get the Town Council of Freeburg to take a stand.  Here…get your friggin’ bird-camera down here and I’ll show you— “
Radovich sent the command and the dronecam wheeled about and descended slowly on its whirring quadrotors, hovering just over their heads.  Its multiplex cameras zoomed in and Radovich adjusted the view she was getting on her SuperQuark glasses, pecking at a small wristpad.  DRONECAM…hold there—
“You’re holding up a sign, Mr. Barnes.  Would you mind reading it out loud and then explaining what it’s about.”
“Surely.”  Barnes held the placard so the dronecam would get a clear close-up.  “It says MAKE CHASTAIN HILL A FROG CAMP!  We want the Town Council to designate the whole Chastain Hill area as a sort of re-settlement camp for frogheads…er, I mean Amphibs.  People infected with Purple too. Keep ‘em separate from the rest of us, so they won’t contaminate everything in sight.”
“Just enforce the damned Containment Laws!” came a voice from the back of the crowd.
There was a chorus of “Yeahs!” and a sea of fists waving and pumping up and down.
Leanne Radovich quietly instructed the dronecam to rise back to twenty meters and pan the crowd, which was getting more agitated.  
“Mr. Barnes, you have referred to your followers as Hellcats.  Why this name? Isn’t the official name of your movement Sons of Adam?”
Barnes sniffed, waved his hand expansively around the gathering.  “We think of ourselves as normalizers.  We enforce normality.  Frogheads ain’t normal.  Hell, they brought this friggin’ Purple on all of us.  We call ourselves Sons of Adam ‘cause we intend to regain the way of life we used to have in this country.  We plan to make life hell for these scumbugs…just like Senator Palette says.”
The black-haired lady with the placard vigorously agreed.  “SOA advocates for legislation and regulations that will preserve our original heritage, what God gave us in the Garden.”
Leanne Radovich found it expedient to thank Barnes for the interview and back herself out of the crowd, which was closing in steadily, shouting, jeering, fist-pumping.   She had started to feel smothered and hand-waved the dronecam to follow.  Radovich retired to a street corner on the other side of Main Street, out in front of Collier’s Drug Store.  
While Barnes and his followers surged like an angry mob down the street toward the town  hall, she decided to add some commentary to the footage they already had.
“It should be noted that Lanier Barnes and the rallies he has been leading the last few days here in Freeburg are anything but exceptional.  Similar rallies and protests exist in many countries and cities around the world, in Europe and Asia, even parts of Africa.  The rallies and the demands sometimes take different forms.  But the underlying animosity toward Amphibs in general is the same.  A deeply-felt sentiment is growing that Amphibs need to be contained and even be gathered into concentration camps and isolated from society.  Many people in Freeburg hold Amphibs responsible for the Purple.
“Followers of the Sons of Adam fear contamination by the Sea People and by the growing popularity of Amphib culture.  As of today, thousands of people around the world have gone through the conicthyosis procedure and become Seomish-human hybrids, much to the displeasure of parents and politicians everywhere, especially Senator Ryan Palette, the ostensible founder of SOA.  Amphib culture, the Amphib look, Amphib foods, traditions and beliefs are becoming all the rage.  SOA views this as a grave threat to America and similar organizations are erupting around the world.  The Purple plague has only added to this animosity.
“Solnet Special Report always strives to be fair and objective in our reporting.  Before making our trip to Freeburg, this reporter spent some time at an Amphib rally, an ‘awakening’, as they call it, just outside of London.  We interviewed conicthyosis volunteers in a queue at the Westfields Market, lined up to be registered… about just why they are doing this….”

The scene shifts crazily again.  A disembodied voice intones:
“We now have the feed from Geneva, so Solnet Special Report will now cutaway from this report by Leanne Radovich and shift back to Anna Kolchinova at WHO headquarters—

A petite brunette’s face settles onto the screen.  
“Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.  We’re here at WHO headquarters in Geneva to have a remote interview with the noted scientist and historian, Likto klu kel: Om’t.  Mr. Likto is actually located in his offices at Keenomsh’pont, the capital and home of many Sea People and Amphib residents, near Bermuda.”
A slightly pixelated face appears on screen, side by side with Anna.  The face is clearly Amphib, with faint webbing along the ears, extra skin folds along the eyes, and fixed, almost vacant stare that often unnerved humans, owing to the fact that Amphibs do not exhibit saccadic eye movements, but must ‘fix’ an object in their visual field to activate cognitive circuits to analyze and respond properly to the stimulus.  
Anna Kolchinova knows all this but finds herself involuntarily shuddering when Likto’s face fills the screen.
“Good evening, Mr. Likto.  Thanks for taking the time to be with us tonight.”
Likto’s voice is raspy, high-pitched, almost nasal and whiny.  “Thank you, Ms. Kolchinova.  Just call me Likto.  I always look forward to an opportunity to meet with your audience and explain what we’re all about down here, especially in trying times like these.”
“Of course, Mr….er, rather, Likto.  It’s a great opportunity for all of us.  First of all, I’d like to get your reaction to rumors and unverified stories that the Purple plague now sweeping the globe actually originated among the Sea People and their Amphib offspring.”
Likto offered a sort of eyeblink, scoffing and skeptical at the question but he was inwardly not so sure.
“Ms. Kolchinova, I believe it’s far more likely that the Purple is just a medbotic experimental design that has somehow gone awry, something that escaped a lab and got loose.  It’s common knowledge, after all, that security and substandard handling procedures are endemic at places like the Vivonex labs in Basel, Switzerland or the Cruzeiro do Sul lab in western Brazil.”
Kolchinova interrupted.  “But Mr…I mean, Likto, there are many reports that Ponkti scientists are behind much of the programming and details—the Americans are looking at this right now—some American scientists have even gone so far as to accuse the Ponkti—that particular tribe of Sea People—of working secretly with a special military biowar unit in China.”
Again, Likto is skeptical.  His eyes blink awkwardly and the extra eyelids are quite noticeable, giving the historian a devious look that Anna interprets as suspicion and unease with her question.
The interview then devolves into a series of questions about Amphib philosophy, especially one popular Amphib celebrity, a scientist known as Komik ka kel: Ponk’et.
“Likto, it’s common knowledge, is it not, that Mr. Komik has publicly advocated an effort be mounted to rid the Earth—he calls it Urku—of air-breathing life, to make way for the Sea People and especially Amphibs to take over this world and evolve its oceans and atmosphere to a more primordial state.  This Komik is even on public record as advocating violent restoration of Earth to a condition not seen for a billion years, a condition similar to what the Sea People left on their own homeworld.  What’s your reaction to this?”
Likto’s face takes on a pained look, his skin glistening even more than usual in the lights of his office as he sucks in some deep breaths.  
I think I struck a nerve, Anna quietly exulted, though she knew Amphibs didn’t actually sweat.  Cutaneous respiration was the real reason for what she was seeing, but she liked to believe she was making her interviewee squirm a bit.
Likto retorted.  “Komik ka represents an extreme but very vocal minority among Seomish and Amphibs and our authorities are already monitoring he and his followers.”
Seeing that the time for her segment was running out, Anna decided to close with a question and an observation.
“Likto, we’re about out of time but humor me for a moment.  Isn’t it true that, with global warming and coastal flooding having gone so far in recent decades, that Komik’s philosophy about expanding oceans meaning expanding living room for all Seomish, especially Amphibs…that Purple could actually be considered as a systematic effort to rid the Earth of human life?  It’s well documented that the Earthshield project is already in trouble.  Over budget, behind schedule, unexplained difficulties that some are attributing to sabotage by Amphib agents and provocateurs.  There is growing friction and animosity between humans and the Sea People.  Many humans—we’ve been reporting on this very subject—want the Sea People to pack up and emigrate somewhere else.”
Likto now looked almost grandfatherly, a sort of sad weariness to his large, unblinking eyes.  
“Ms. Kolchinova…Anna…as an historian, of course I can’t dispute the facts of which you speak.  Solnet itself has documented all of this quite well.  And, also as an historian, I have to admit it’s true that those who follow this Komik ka are violently opposed to efforts to end or slow down global warming, such as through projects like Earthshield effort to erect a shield in space between the Earth and the Sun. But I would like to add this, and let all your viewers know, that the vast majority of Seomish and Amphibs, not to mention the people of the Notwater, such as yourself, believe we’re all stuck on this world together and we have to get along.”  Seemingly for dramatic effect, Likto allowed himself a long, luxurious eye blink.
“There are some who think that the Seomish should be encouraged to relocate to other oceanic worlds around your solar system, like Europa and Enceladus.  But these developments are decades away, even with current farpool technology.
“For better or worse, Anna, humans and Seomish are in the same boat, caught in the same currents—vishm’tel, as we say in Seomish—and we’ll all suffer the same fate, one way or another.”
“Mr….er, Likto, it seems we’re out of time for this segment.  I want to thank you so much for taking time to be with our viewers tonight.”
Likto attempts a smile, but it doesn’t quite come off.  “Of course, Anna.  My pleasure.  I hope this report will be most informative to your viewers, in clearing the air a bit.  And as we say in Keenomsh’pont: Litorkel ge…which means, may you swim in cool and calm waters.”
Kolchinova ends the interview and adds for her viewers…
“This is Anna Kolchinova signing off from Geneva.  Now back to our studios at Gateway Station….”

SOLNET Special Report Ends
Chapter 2

City of Ponkel’te
South China Sea
August 1, 2195
47.5 Epoch of Kel’vishtu

For Komik ka kel: Ponk’et, a summons to appear before the Metah was always a time of nerves and churning stomach.  Holding shoo’kel had never been easy for the Ponkti scientist but keeping one’s inner fluids in balance so that any pulse of you was clean was especially critical when going before Potereenah kim.  Any other state was vulgar or obscene and likely to earn you a stint in the Holds, or worse.
“Dressing for a big occasion,” teased Lekeera, when she drifted in and saw Komik primping himself for his big audience.  “The Metah’s pet must be going somewhere important.”  Lekeera slapped a tail in his face as she circled the room, helping herself to a gisu pod, which she sucked on loudly.
Klindok, another em’kelmate from Meklonoh, had followed her in and grabbed a pod as well.  He smacked, wiped his mouth.  “The pet who would be prince.”
Lekeera snickered.  “Except this one talks.  And he’s still a pet.”
Komik glared at both of them, willing his insides to stay still, for he knew what they were up to.  “The Metah’s keeper is not a pet.  As a matter of fact, I have a petition audience before Potereenah…not that it concerns you.”
Klindok sneered back.  “Look, the pet even talks.”
“Such big words, too.”
Komik slapped the water in disgust.  “Kah!  To both of you.  You’re just jealous.”  With another slap, he slipped out of the em’kel’s chambers and slid off into the water, pushing past noisy crowds, heading down the hill through gray-white coral beds for the Metah’s pavilion.  It was only a few beats across the vast cavern that was Ponkel’te but the crowds would make navigating a chore.  He swore at the trip that lay ahead and then realized Lekeera and Klindok had managed to make him angry.  He had to concentrate on getting back the shoo’kel that would be needed in the Metah’s presence.
You didn’t go before Potereenah with your gut bubbling like a volcano.
I should have stayed in the Academy’s chambers and prepped there, he told himself.  There, at least, you got respect for what you were, not snorts and hoots for what you had once been.
By sight, Ponkel’te could barely be seen in the silt and murk of the huge cavern, but even a cursory pulse would betray the outlines of a great city, modelled on the ancient Seomish capital of the Ponkti.  The main axes were wedged in between towering seamounts, held, as it were, in the bosom of the mountains atop a flat mesa-like plateau in the very middle of the cavern.  
Pulse in any direction and you would learn of domes and pavilions and floatways and more domes, interspersed with cylindrical structures and pyramids and cones, a geometric forest of cubes and humps and tent-like coverings, all of it crammed and pungent with noisy, honking, bellowing, clicking, snorting life…that was Ponkel’te, the Earthside home of the Ponkti.
Komik’s first impression upon emerging into the chaos was that he had somehow made a complete circle and wound up in the open sea.  Yet it couldn’t be, for here was life in greater abundance than he had ever seen before.  Dense, teeming, raucous and restless, more crowded even than Keenomsh’pont, the home of the Omtorish, ten thousand beats away in the Atlantic.
The light was low and pulses were useless with so many people, but Komik could feel the size of the place.  Even as crushing as the mass of life was, he could still sense the spacious dimensions.  
It wasn’t long before Komik picked up his escort of burly prodsmen, arriving to guide him through the melee and into the Metah’s presence.  
As the prodsmen took him deeper and deeper into the city, they passed through innumerable scent fields.  The presence of the Metah’s keeper—and an Amphib no less-- aroused considerable curiosity and the soldiers had to fight to clear a path at times.
In spite of the crowds, Komik found himself enjoying the attention.  
They went to the very bottom of the cavern.  They drifted down through layer after layer of roaming citizens, through holds and berths made of sheer tissue that parted for their passage, then closed again, through squabbling em’kels and solemn lectures, prodigal feasts thick with the aroma of tongpod and ertleg, games of kong’pelu and tonkro, debates, sexual couplings, tuk matches, a fight and myriad other scenes.  
The escort followed the spine of a pillar that buttressed one wall, passing in their descent, hundreds of small, dark recesses, cavities, niches and hollows at every level, all of them full to bursting with kelke.  Komik never grew tired of the extraordinary diversity of life in Ponkel’te, even though they traveled for what seemed an hour or so.  Always, when he thought he had seen everything, another sight would replace it almost immediately and he would have to watch that too and study it.  And there was no way they could take in the entire pageant at a single glance; it was far too complicated, shifting, much too spontaneous for that.  
The prodsmen were bearing him toward a group of canopies at the bottom, delicate pastel structures that seemed to drift slightly in the prevailing currents.  As they approached, Komik could see that the canopies were attached by cords to flat stone foundations on the cavern floor.  Hundreds of Ponkti streamed in and out from beneath them and the entire area seemed to be the focus of great attention.
His escorts led him unerringly through dense gatherings and deposited him on the floor of the cavern, just outside the perimeter of the Metah’s pavilions.  A tuk match was underway beneath the nearest pavilion.  
The prodsmen said nothing but gestured with their weapons toward the canopy.  Komik pulsed the soldier and found him remarkably quiet and well-disciplined inside.  He was envious of such discipline, knowing his own stomach was a mess of nervous bubbles.
Komik found himself herded toward the canopy where the tuk match was still in progress.  Ponkti swarmed around them as they approached but the prodsmen held them back.  Komik noticed that most of the people seemed very correct in their actions and in complete control of themselves—he had pulsed around to check that out—very unlike the Omtorish, he added.  Perhaps it was the influence of arts like tuk, but whatever the explanation, he was impressed with this feat of self-mastery.  It was like pulsing an army of identical reflections.
In the center of the main canopy, the crowds were thickest, huddling around a large, blubbery female of medium-gray skin.  Not surprisingly, the Metah Potereenah kim, was the center of slavish affection—an unending stream of Ponkti filtered down from outside the pavilion and paid their respects by nudging, kissing and stroking her.  She was dining on stuffed pal’penk, from the aroma of it, while studying the tuk match before her.  A young servling brushed her tail flukes.
Komik watched as the prodsman worked his way through the line of admirers and, reaching the Metah at last, told her of the keeper’s arrival.  She showed no reaction at all, but merely shooed the horde away.  At her command, the prodsman beckoned Komik to approach.
Right away, he noticed a radical difference.  He could easily pulse that Potereenah was a fickle, nervous woman—her innards seethed without pause.  He had once thought the Ponkti would admire shoo’kel more in their Metah, but she was so popular that she could do as she pleased.  In any case, she paid him little attention when he arrived; indeed, his presence worried her attendants more than her.  They quickly erected a partition of sheer tissue around the Metah, then scattered to the corners of the pavilion and scowled at the visitor.  
Presently, Potereenah noticed him and beckoned him closer.  Komik felt the sting of a prodsman’s prod urging him and kicked into motion.  He came to her and nuzzled her, as was the custom.
“Affectionate Metah, I’ve come with a petition.  Perhaps, you recall that—” but he stopped, for at that exact moment, a great blow had been struck in the tuk march.
She seemed not to have heard and continued munching on a rib of palpenk.  In front of them, one of the tuk players had scored a dramatic blow against his opponent, stunning him with a sharp tail-slap.  The move brought a chorus of honks and cheers from the people around them.
At last, Potereenah deigned to notice him.
“My loyal keeper Komik ka, you’re here at last.  I read your petition.”  With a wave of her forefins, she shooed off her servlings and studied Komik carefully, pulsing with great concentration what he was about.  Her face wrinkled at the echoes.  “Still can’t control anything, I see.”
Komik flushed with embarrassment.  “Affectionate Metah is wise and all-knowing.  My petition—”
Potereenah waved at him.  “Yes, yes, I studied it.”  She looked around at the circle of admirers.  “Seems a bit cramped in here, no?  And the match…it’s only a matter of time before Telpoteen bloodies his opponent.  Come…roam with me.  We will go on vish’tu and talk.”
With that, Potereenah lifted herself away from her bed and scooted through the surrounding crowds with surprising agility.  The prodsmen escort scrambled to keep up and carve a path through the mob.  Komik kicked himself into motion and, with a few surly prods in his side, barely managed to keep up, for Potereenah was a strong swimmer.
Komik had never been a very good roamer, a fact that was well known among the Metah’s circle, for it stemmed from something that had happened when he was just a midling, before the procedure that made him Amphib.
At the age of 10 mah…about six years in the time system of the Humans, Komik began his Circa, a custom from old Seome common among most Urku Seomish kels.  But he had never done particularly well in the Navigation Tasks and he became lost.  Overdue back at Ponkel’te, Komik had to be rescued by senior kelke from Ponkel’te.  This was especially embarrassing to Komik, who never lived down this experience.  Among the Ponkti, self-reliance and strength and courage were highly prized.  Komik failed in respect of being self-reliant.  To this day, he was thought of as being spineless and weak, and was sometimes called korpuh (snake) behind his back.  
After this embarrassing episode, Komik managed to apply for and be accepted into the Ponkti em’kel Meklonoh, which managed and operated the terpoh business for Ponkel’te.  The terpoh were an industrial bacterium raised and cultured in caves that surrounded Ponkel’te.  The bacterium was critical to Seomish industry and was brought from old Seome after the Kel’vishtu… the Great Emigration. It depended on chemical and biological methods for shaping and molding materials.  As a member of Meklonoh, Komik was initially assigned ‘keeper’ duties, one of the lowest occupations.  Essentially a custodian responsible for keeping the waters and surfaces around the culturing vats clean, Komik found the duty degrading and humiliating and he often dreamed of something bigger.  Inside Meklonoh, Komik was sometimes referred to as vishke, “one who goes with the current,” in other words, a follower, not a leader.  
By sheer hard work and discipline, however, Komik studied the biology and chemistry of the terpoh and began to think of himself as a kind of scientist, though no one else did.  He even expanded his studies into the biology of the mah’jeet.  Quite by accident, he learned how toxic the mah’jeet were, not only to Seomish, but also to humans and Amphibs.  This gave him the kernel of an idea to present to the Metah to gain influence and improve his standing in the kel.    
When Komik saw Potereenah kim perform in a tuk match, he became intrigued.  He resolved to learn more about Potereenah and soon found out that the newly risen Metah was seeking a sort of private valet.  The Seomish term was free-bound and one who sought and was accepted in this was called litorkel’ke, meaning one who is so close that the waters between them are calm and temperate.  
Komik was among many who applied to be litorkel’ke to Potereenah and he was accepted among dozens of applicants.  The contractual period was normally for 10 mah and this was agreed on.  So Komik went to live with Potereenah at her court.  He became a sort of man-servant, valet and butler.  As she rose in power and influence, so did he. 
Such creatures were usually treated at best with contempt in Ponkel’te and Komik’s case was no different.  Litorkel’ke were treated like furniture, seldom noticed and often accorded less status than pets.  But for Komik, this was okay.  It gave his life meaning and gave him protection from others.  Meanwhile, he was extending his studies of mah’jeet, under the protection and encouragement of Potereenah, who had begun to have ideas similar to Komik, that there were definite weapons possibilities using the mah’jeet.  Ideas on how to employ the mah’jeet against the Humans and secure for the Urku Ponkti a better position in Earth’s seas.  
He resolved to serve Potereenah to the best of his abilities.  And over the years, Potereenah had come to rely more and more on Komik to help her get around and attend to personal needs.  At first, Potereenah treated Komik as a pet or a servant.  But in later mah, after one contract extension, her regard for Komik evolved into something approaching genuine affection.
The roam continued for some time, skirting the cavern walls, approaching the upper ramparts, descending into the hordes at the bottom, pausing on the way to joke and banter with assorted kelke who joined the convoy.  Through it all, Potereenah said little and Komik was left to hustle after her, prodded as always by the surly guards who formed her inner protective circle.
Finally, just above the Metah’s pavilions, Potereenah paused and swam in a curious circle all the way around Komik, who had stopped.  She made several orbits, teasing him, testing him, laughing at his confusion.  Then she came up beak to beak and let Komik nuzzle her once more in the Ponkti way.  As she enjoyed this attention, Komik found his moment.
“My petition, Affectionate Metah, is for another expedition.  To old Seome, through the Farpool.”
This brought Potereenah to a complete stop.  She eyed Komik cautiously. Pulsed him deeply.  Finding nervous bubbles but no deceit, she relaxed a bit and smiled.  “Another expedition, Komik?  You know how dangerous that is.  Don’t we have enough mah’jeet toxin to help the Notwater people—these Churku people-- in their efforts?  Why another trip now?”
For Komik, this was the moment.  It was hard for Ponkti, or any Seomish person, to say Human words.  Churku meant Chinese; even Komik had a hard time uttering the word in the water.
“We need more toxin, Affectionate Metah.  More would help our efforts with the Churku to enhance and spread the Purple plague.  You’ve heard my report on our progress so far?”
Potereenah had.  “I listened to the echopods, Komik.  The vikh’tu goes well?”
Komik knew the expression.  Pure Ponkti, he had once called it.  Vikh’tu meant simply “to go against the currents.”  It was the Humans had decided to call the effort Purple.
“Metah is pleased with our progress?”
Potereenah acknowledged, “Very pleased.  If this continues, the Ponkti and our Amphib allies will have much of the oceans of Urku to ourselves.  And Amphibs—like you, Komik—will be able to move in kel’vishtu to occupy more and more of the Notwater, the land surface of this blasted world.  You’d like that, wouldn’t you, Komik?”
Komik had to admit that he would.  “To be able to go anywhere, land or sea, without interference, without jeers and taunting and abuse and heckles, that would be nice.”
Potereenah accepted a slice of pal’penk meat from a nearby prodsman and munched thoughtfully.  “The people of the Notwater—the Humans, you call them—they fear the rising sea levels, don’t they?”
“Very much, Affectionate Metah.”
“We have to stop their efforts to lower the sea levels.  By any means necessary.  I have heard from our agents, from other kels, of a great project by the Humans.  They’re calling it Earthshield.  Somehow, they propose to erect a great shield beyond the Notwater, a shield that blocks the light from their Sun, to bring temperatures down and cause the seas to fall.  This we must stop.”  Potereenah made a face.  “But, for now, we don’t have the ability to stop it.”
Komik pressed his points, which he had practiced so many times in his home chambers, ignoring the teasing and taunts of Klindok and Lekeera, the fools.  
“I have one more request, Metah.”
“Speak it, Komik.”
Komik willed his gut to stay quiet and summoned what little courage he had left.  “There is another scientist, a Human.  He’s Churku…Chinese.  His name is Lihua Guo Feng.  I would like the Metah’s permission to make him part of our team.  He would go through the Farpool with us.”
Potereenah considered that.  “He brings needed skills?”
“Very much, Metah.  And he’s a reliable contact with the Churku.  We have supplied the mah’jeet toxin for the Purple.  The Churku have supplied the devices that spread it.  We work well as a team.  In fact, I’ve already arranged for him to come to Ponkel’te.  In the Notwater Chamber.”
“Then, I will meet this Churku scientist,” Potereenah decided.  With a brisk wave of a forefin, she summoned the chief of the prodsmen.  “We travel to the Notwater Chamber.  Make sure the path is clear.”
The prodsman saluted, kissed her and scooted off to gather his guards and carry out the Metah’s orders.  Soon enough, Potereenah, Komik and the entire convoy was underway, crossing the floor of the vast cavern to a dome at the other end, a dome connected like a spiderweb with dozens of lighted floatways which snaked up and down the nearby cavern walls.  Like a ship plowing through rough seas, the convoy moved smoothly through the crowds and Komik found himself ever grateful to be the Metah’s keeper, able to make such trips without having to negotiate hordes of raucous Ponkti.
Beneath the dome, the Notwater Chamber looked like a big mushroom, split open at the top.  Or a giant hand, with fingers sticking up.  The fingers of the hand were translucent and the shadow of a solitary figure could barely be seen moving around inside, wrapped in the cocoon of air that the Chamber maintained.   
Inside the cocoon, Lihua Guo Feng shivered in the cool damp air.  But at least there was air…breathable air…stale, with the burned smell he had come to associate with this world, but nonetheless air….
Grateful, he roamed about the chamber, shivering, wrapping his arms around his shoulders.  Finally, he saw a hand—a forefin, actually, waving for his attention on the other side of the translucent barrier.  He stopped and stood shivering and drenched in the palm of the great hand, standing on some kind of soft, tissue-like floor inside the Notwater pod.  
That’s when Lihua fully realized the fingers that had closed around him were translucent.  He could barely make out lights outside.  And eyes.  Armfins and flukes, dozens, scores of them.  
He had an audience, staring in at him.
“It’s like a zoo cage,” he muttered.  Or the Beijing aquarium. That’s when Komik’s waving forefin caught his attention. 
The echopod device Komik had left inside started buzzing.  Lihua knew it was a translator and picked it up, holding the end to his ear. 
He heard a series of shrill whistles and clicks, before the translation kicked in.
“Skkrreeeah…kkklllqqq…Metah here…you become tekmetah…to make trip…Farpool….”
Lihua squinted at the faces peering in at him.  “Tekmetah…what does this mean?”
Komik’s face seemed almost a bemused smile.  All the Seomish were like that.  He pointed to the echopod.
“Button…green press….”
Lihua pressed the green button.  Much to his surprise, he found he had activated some kind of dictionary function.  He listened as the bulb spewed out an explanation, filled with clicks and whistles…

“Tekmetah - The act of spiritually binding any member of the kel to the will of the Metah for a specified period of time.  Basically, a contractual relationship entered into for the purpose of doing something the Metah would rather not be associated with.  Free-bonds can be used for anything but have come to be employed in espionage and intelligence work in modern times, thus a certain social stigma results from the public knowing a person is bound this way.  Failure to carry out the stipulations requires the bound one to take his own life in shame.  The bond is cemented by consuming a vial, called a pot’l, of the Metah’s blood.  The incentives are many: loyalty, patriotism, special favors from the Metah….”

“Take his own life…you’ve got to be kidding?”  Lihua switched off the bulb, helped himself to some ertleg claws and sucked loudly.  
“It’s a formality,” Komik said.   “Being tekmetah means you become an agent of the Metah.  You have duties, certainly, but as tekmetah, all kelke are bound by law to help you and give assistance, anyway they can.  It’s a great honor, eekoti Lihua.”
Lihua was dubious.  “If you say so.  When does this happen?”
“Now.”
The Ponkti Metah Potereenah was there, as were most of her court and the em’kel leaders from around the city, known as the Kel’em.  
Lihua swallowed hard.  The birds started flapping around his stomach again….
Many years before, Lihua’s father Weihan had been imprisoned for five years for anti-state agitation.  His father now wore a neurolific (called a tou sheng…head voice) for state control of his behavior.
The imprisonment had brought great shame on the family.  As a result, Lihua and his siblings also wore tou sheng implants, de-tuned to be less strict.  The entire family was still under Level 1 state surveillance, by the Ministry of Public Security.
Lihua had always worked hard to show ultra-patriotism and reduce the impact of the shame.
He saw a small capsule extruded through the translucent fingers.  Urged on by Komik, he took the capsule and examined it.
Maybe the Ministry will see fit to remove the tou sheng after this.
For some time, the Metah Potereenah made a speech.  It sounded like a cross between a song and a chant.  Lihua let his echopod translate but even the translation didn’t make any sense.  It sounded like Potereenah was giving them all a history lesson, reciting a long list of every important moment in Ponkti history—
“…the Eepkos plot…the Pillars of Shooki…a great potu shortage…in the spirit of the Peace of Tekpotu…mah’jeet blooms…the Boskeldic wingcraft…the kel’vishtu….”
Lihua decided that politicians were ever the same, whether on Seome or on Earth.
Finally, the time came for him to swallow the pot’l, a vial of the Metah’s blood.  Komik demonstrated by miming the act how to unseal it.  Lihua looked around.  They were all looking right at him, expectant faces, half-smiles, frowns, anticipation, disgust, concern, hope…it was hard to tell from the faces.  Seomish faces always looked the same.  
He swallowed the blood and gulped it down, then pushed the vial back through the barrier.
Mostly, it seemed to have little immediate effect.  It was warm, recently drawn, a bit salty, thick and brassy in taste.  Not too bad…but it wasn’t exactly shrimp fu yung.
Then he felt momentarily faint and he sat down awkwardly on a small pedestal nearby.  He was briefly nauseated, and not sure how regurgitation would look to his audience, but it passed.  The faces swam and blurred and for a time, he was back on stage at Tsinghua University in Beijing, getting ready to make a presentation about a recent research trip to the Marianas Trench in the Pacific.  This time, it was the awards speech and he was nailing each word and phrase and he was concentrating on the faces up front, there was Bao Guang, his closet friend and a fellow Marine Biology student, only he didn’t really know her well then, but she was cute and he winked at her and through some kind of signal neither of them understood, it was arranged that she would turn up backstage after the speech and that was the beginning of that—
Then the next thing Lihua knew, he was staring at Komik’s face through the finger-wall, barely holding himself upright.  
“Wow…what the hell happened…did I pass out or something?  Did I make a mess?”
Komik and another em’kelmate fed him more gisu in a tube through the fingers.  “You took the Metah’s blood…now you’re tekmetah.  How do you feel?”
Komik felt like he’d just swam the entire Pacific.  “Well, it’s sort of like a hangover…you sure I didn’t gulp down a whole bottle of sake?”
The echopod screeched with what Komik felt must be the Seomish way of laughing.  Komik’s voice came through after the burst.
“Skkrreeah…the Metah has given her permission for you to be part of the expedition.  We go to Seome, before the great ak’loosh.  But there is much to do.  Many things.”
“What kind of things?”
Komik launched into an abbreviated explanation.  “You must be fitted for Kee’too.  You call it…your word is taikong fu…lifesuit, I believe.  You learn how to work with our team…how to go through the Farpool.  We do this tomorrow.”
The idea of going through the Farpool brought a steady flutter to Lihua’s stomach.  He thought about what Komik was saying.
For several years, Lihua’s closest friend at Tsinghua had been Bao Guang, another student in Biology and an accomplished swimmer and diver.  Lihua liked Bao because of her quick wit, her laugh, her prankish sense of humor.  She was tiny but immensely strong.  They often went hiking in the hills around Tsinghua after class and Bao learned a great deal about plants, trees and animals from Lihua, who sought to impress her. For several years, both Lihua and Bao dreamed of a life together.  Then the bottom fell out.  Bao was killed in a train accident riding to University one day, when she was a senior. Lihua was so devastated he nearly quit University.  Only a stern talking to by his parents convinced him to remain.
Depressed and anxious, Lihua had volunteered one summer—his senior year--to serve as a research assistant aboard the University ship Linggan.  He worked as a research assistant for this several-month voyage and didn’t want to come back to port.  He considered jumping ship when the vessel made port stops in Okinawa and Vietnam, but he didn’t.  But when he came back to Tsinghua, Lihua knew he wanted to spend as much time at sea as possible, partly because he loved the ocean (having mostly overcome his fear of water) and partly because Bao’s parents had arranged (after her cremation) for her ashes to be scattered at sea.  At sea, Lihua felt closest to Bao, felt that she was part of the sea and her life spirit-- her shenghuo jingshen-- was everywhere in the sea. 
Now, he was to be trained and prepped to accompany a team of Ponkti through the vast vortex-whirlpool known as the Farpool.  
It had been Lihua’s proposal to cooperate with the Ponkti faction of the Seomish from the  very beginning.  Lihua was frank with himself, admitting his motivation was a desire to restore his family name.  He had always craved recognition and approval, above all else.
His Father Weihan had seldom been at home.  A teacher of history, he was often involved and more interested in political agitation and activism than raising a family.  Lihua swore to himself he would not follow this path.  He had always tried to steer clear of politics.
But he still needed his absent father’s approval and love.  The stint in prison turned the object of Lihua’s craving for recognition and affection into a stigma.  Public shame had dogged Lihua throughout his life.  That and the tou sheng implant.
Lihua needed the structure and discipline of research to compensate for the shame of his family.  And in this new project with the Ponkti, helping develop and enhance the Purple, it was significant that the tou sheng had offered no objection.  No buzz in the back of his head.  No stinging headaches.  The damned thing had been quiet for months.
Surely, this meant that the Ministry approved of what he was doing.

After being fitted out for his Kee’too, Komik indicated that training on Farpool operations would begin.  The training would occur within about twenty kilometers of the South China Sea farpool, near the Reed Banks seamount, not far from the surface.  A ship had been built, a sort of transfer pod, to take Komik, Lihua and the crew through the farpool to the oceans of Seome, not only across six thousand light years of space, but back in time, back to the time before the End Time.
Before the supernova of her sun Sigma Albeth B.
Lihua swallowed hard when all this was explained by Komik.  His trip five years before in a tiny submersible to the bottom of the Marianas Trench now seemed like dip in a hotel pool compared to this.
Still cocooned inside the Notwater pod, Lihua met the crew of the Ponkti ship, as Komik introduced them.  Their faces were hard to distinguish through the barrier.
The Ponkti ship was called K’orpuh.  It had been named for a deadly, eel-like snake found mainly in the polar waters of Seome and bred commercially by the Eepkostic.
K’orpuh’s mission commander was the famed tuk champion Telpoteen, descended of the famous Loptoheen and one-time lover of Potereenah.  To Lihua’s eyes, he seemed massive, brutish, well-muscled with a perpetual scowl on his face.
Other crew members were the Ponkti Amphib Kolandra, serving as the ship’s pilot-navigator; Chereenah, another Ponkti Amphib who would be the ship’s engineer; and Golok who would operate all K’orpuh’s defensive systems and weapons.  Komik himself and Lihua would round out the crew of the Ponkti ship as science officers.
Through the echopod, Komik told Lihua to don his lifesuit. “The walls will be separating soon and there will be only water.  Then you will be able to live among us, as true Ponkti.”
Lihua pulled on his lifesuit, the Kee’too.
Komik had mentioned the suit had been fashioned from cultured pal’penk hide, with a close-fitting helmet and waterjet suit boost on the legs.  “This will allow you to keep up with us as we roam.”
In the back of the helmet, a breather pack took in seawater and dissociated it into oxygen, cut with helium, discharging the residual hydrogen in a stream of bubbles.  No huge bulky tanks, for the Ponkti, Lihua realized.  
The lifesuit fit firmly and he had barely snugged down the helmet when the first spray of cold water began issuing through the ‘fingers’ of the walls.  The spray quickly turned into a roar and the water level rose rapidly.  In a few minutes, the pod ‘hand’ had opened completely flat and Lihua was fully submerged, able to float free. 
At Komik’s urging, he tried out his suit boost and soon found himself zipping off into the murk, barely in control, around the hills and crags of lower Ponkel’te.   
Komik helped steer Lihua toward a small fleet of sleds, kip’ts in the vernacular, awaiting them nearby.   
His voice came through Lihua’s earbuds as a high-pitched squeak, laced with clicks and whistles.
“Kree…kkkqqllqq…Now, we travel to the jumpship pads.  We begin training there.”
There were three kip’ts, each bearing two K’orpuh crew members.  Komik drove Lihua in his own sled.  They motored off and soon, the lighted floatways and chaotic profusion of holds, crypts, caves and burrows of the city faded from view behind them.
“Your own maps call this area the Reed Banks,” Komik explained, as he navigated them out of Ponkel’te and into the open sea.  They cruised by large schools of tuna, billfish and mackerel.  The seabed was a mostly a flat silted plain, dotted with coral beds and odd reddish hillocks.  The water was dark green, thick with seagrass and loose strands of kelp.  
An hour’s ride brought them upward to a flat mesa-like tableland called the Reed Tablemount, less than a hundred meters below the surface.  Atop the mesa, a collection of domes and open pavilions dotted the rocky tuff of the guyot.  The domes had been laid out in a starfish pattern, with flat landings carved right out of the rock, along the ‘fingers’ of the starfish. 
Komik guided their kip’t toward one of the landings.  The sled canopy opened and Komik beckoned Lihua to follow.
They followed the other crewmembers inside one of the domes, still submerged.  Lihua reminded himself that the Ponkti, indeed all Sea People, were water people, uncomfortable in the world of air and land.  
I’ll be inside this cocoon for the duration, he realized.  The prospect didn’t exactly please him.  But the trip was necessary and if he returned successfully with more of the mah’jeet toxin to enhance the Purple bacteriomechs, the Ministry would surely reward him.
Maybe they’ll even remove the tou sheng implant as well.
But he knew it was pointless to dwell on that, for even as the thought surfaced, the implant reminded him with a gentle squeeze not to pursue that line of thinking.

Mission and operational training lasted five days.  In that time Lihua Guo Feng learned a million things he never even knew he didn’t know. 
Some days were consumed with weapons training.  The crew practiced and gained proficiency in HERF guns (High-energy radio frequency).  K’orpuh’s engineer, the female Ponkti amphib Chereenah klu, had just spent a year TDY’ed with United Nations Quantum Corps and had come back with a lot of newly-won expertise in all things nanobotic swarm.  She told the crew that “the best way to counter a swarm of bots is with another swarm.  But if you don’t happen to have one, these HERF guns can turn a swarm into a cloud of French fries in a heartbeat.”
They practiced with magpulsers and coil guns, entangled themselves in MOB nets (Mobility Obstruction Barriers…swarms cultured from k’orpuh snakes themselves, configured to capture and immobilize threats and persons of interest), camou-fog generators and even snap-launched dozens of Remora seacopters to learn how (and how not) to give the crew cover in close-quarters operations.  
On other days, the K’orpuh team practiced squad-level swarm tactics and ops, including clever forms of deception and concealment, feints and diversions, swarming mass attacks, dispersals and entrapment techniques.  
Through it all, Lihua found Chereenah’s instructional approach both informative and lively.  After one particularly arduous wargame, he told her, “You seem to have this stuff down pretty well, for a Ponkti female.”
Most Ponkti would have bridled at the implied insult but the husky Amphib with the auburn hair just looked sadly at Lihua, barely disguised scorn in her eyes.
“On this world, when you’re Ponkti and Amphib, you’ve already got two strikes against you.  With all this gear and the swarms, I get a chance to do a little ass-kicking legally.  Helps relieve the stress, you know.”
Lihua didn’t bother Chereenah any more after that.
Finally, the day came when the training commander decreed that K’orpuh and her team were ready to ‘graduate.’  That meant it was time for the test jump.  
The training commander was one Pendrak ko.  Pendrak was Amphib himself, short, black buzz cut with a trim goatee accentuating his gills and arms too long for his body, arms which he flapped around like a bird trying to take flight.
“Okay, you dumb kelke, the big day is upon us.  Tomorrow, by 0800 hours, K’orpuh will have been moved to her launch cradle outside.  The team will board her promptly at 0830 hours.  The test jump is just that…a test.  Nothing more.  An all-up, full-systems test of ship and crew.  You’ll get the details tomorrow but allow me to provide an overview.  You will launch K’orpuh and approach the Pacific Farpool on a normal Level 1 approach vector.  You will enter said Farpool and maneuver, as you have been instructed, to exit same at a point in time six months to the minute from now, six months in the past.  You will strenuously endeavor to remain in the vicinity of the Farpool, while you conduct all drills and tests on your test card.  At that point, you will have logged all variances and maintenance excursions, and re-enter said Farpool, returning to your launch cradle or close as you can, whereupon you will be recovered and brought back here.  Is this in any way unclear?”
“No, Commander!” they all cried out in unison.
That night, Lihua slept the sleep of the near dead.

Test jump day dawned at Reed Banks cloudy, breezy, humid and warm at the surface, with seas running at state three, mild whitecaps and two-meter surf crashing over the sandbars and shoals.
The K’orpuh crew boarded their jumpship in quiet solemnity, each one fully aware of the importance of what they were about to do: plow into the seething heart of a great wormhole-vortex and try to ride the dragon’s tail with enough precision to emerge not only alive but at a specific time and place in the past.  Then run systems checks, conduct exercises and drills and get the hell out of there before they screwed up the time stream any more.
The test card Pendrak gave them called the time stream they would be navigating T-2278. 
His last-minute encouraging words were: “Hey, don’t fuck this up, okay?”
For launch, K’orpuh had been moved in her launch cradle to a huge lockout outside the hangar bay, now fully exposed to the sea.  Telpoteen was last to board, taking his position forward on A deck, along with Pilot/Navigator (PN) Kolandra.  Behind them, Engineer Chereenah sat at her console.  Eyebrows were raised at a small bag Kolandra had brought onboard.
“What’s that?” Golok asked, “Your Mom pack a sack lunch for you?”
“You’ll see,” Kolandra told them.  “Just a little toy for us navigator types, that’s all.”
Defensive Systems Operator Golok came aboard right behind Kolandra.
Just ahead of Golok, Lihua Guo Feng climbed in too, a scared cat being herded into its box.
“Sit here,” Golok told him.  It was the seat next to Komik.  Reluctantly, with grim determination, Lihua let the launch techs strap him in.  He closed his eyes, wishing all of this would go away, hoping no one could see his face behind the helmet. The ship’s cabin was fully submerged in cold dense seawater; only his own lifesuit protected him.  Lihua tried to think of more pleasant places, like hiking with Bao Guang around the hills near Tsinghua University, to keep his growing claustrophobia in check. 
Telpoteen strapped in and checked his board.  All green, all copacetic and no flags. K’orpuh had been powered up several hours before, her MHD power plant and singularity core ticking over, humming, now sending a slight shudder through her hull.
“Ready all systems…stand by for final check and all-call.”
One by one, the crew came back.
“Ready, Navigator.”
“Nav is go!”
“DSO ready.”
“Sci 1 and Sci 2 ready,” Komik announced in a voice so loud it turned heads. 
“Propulsors on line…ease her out, Kolandra.”
K’orpuh lurched as her MHD jets opened up to one-quarter throttle and she slipped her ways and surged out into the cross-currents swirling atop the Reed Tablemount.
“Answering one-quarter, handling nicely, Telpoteen.  Fighting cross-currents.”
“Steady as she goes…steer course zero eight zero.  Engineer, how do we look?”
Chereenah checked her boards and instruments.   Active sonar was pinging all around, showing up specks and chirps on her waterfall display.  “Plenty of traffic, but we’re clear on that heading.  Recommend depth fifty meters.  Farpool outer vortex fields six point two beats…ten minutes at this speed.”
“Very well.”  Telpoteen opened up the address system to talk to the others.  “K’orpuh now underway on propulsor.  Farpool in ten minutes.  Engineer, advise status of singularity core.”
Chereenah’s voice came back.  “Core on line and ticking at sixty-five percent.  Deco wakes in the green, entanglers humming.  She’s ready for action.”
K’orpuh closed the distance to the outer vortex fields of the Farpool in nine minutes.
It was Lihua, slightly green and tight-lipped next to Komik, who noticed the first effects of the huge waterspout and whirlpool.
The Chinese biologist had drifted off into a light doze when a faint tug on the side of the craft startled him awake.
“Something’s happening—“
Komik patted the scientist on the knee.  “Patience, Doctor, patience…this is normal.  Just relax, okay?”
“I don’t know, but it feels like we’re moving sideways.”  Lihua plastered his nose to the porthole, trying to make something out.  “It’s silty out there.  Dark too.  Deeper water.  You feel that?”
Some kind of force was pushing them sideways in the water.  At the same time, the compartment picked up a light shuddering vibration, gyrating like a top at the end of a string.
“Yeah…we’re at the vortex fields…that’s what’s happening.”
Lihua gripped his seat so hard his knuckles turned white.  “…the water’s all rushing sideways, dirt, pieces of things…I can’t really make it out.”
“Relax, Lihua…just enjoy the ride.”
The force began to increase, a centrifugal force that soon shoved them to one side of the compartment and pressed them hard against the walls.  Worse, the compartment began a slow roll, a rotation that didn’t remain slow for long, but picked up rate at a steady clip.
Soon, they were spinning enough to become slightly disoriented and dizzy.  
“Now, it’s my stomach…I don’t feel so—“
Lihua’s words were suddenly lost in a bright flash of light, a searing, painfully white strobing light that flooded the compartment and blinded all of them.
“Rudder amidships!” Telpoteen ordered.  He honked at a small sound-powered control membrane, straining against the centrifugal force.  “Flow vanes to thirty percent!”
The spin kept accelerating and moments later, Lihua Guo Feng passed out.
A hundred kilometers to the northwest, early morning risers aboard the Chinese Navy ship Admiral Hu Kai Feng were treated to an incredible sight at sea, just before dawn.  Backlit with the orange glow of sunrise to the east, a thin ropy waterspout formed several kilometers beyond the horizon, visible for hundreds of kilometers in all directions.  As the spout danced and skipped across the waves, a bright pulse of light emerged from the sea and vaulted heavenward along the length of the spout, followed by a series of light pulses, as if the spout were sucking buckets of light right out of the ocean.
The light pulses disappeared into low-hanging clouds and vanished, leaving only a faint iridescent flicker, like a silent lightning discharge.  
Moments later, the waterspout collapsed into the sea and the ocean returned to its restless heaving.  
Unknown to the crew of the Hu Kai Feng, the crew of jumpship K’orpuh had just been catapulted into the whirling heart of the wormhole at the very center of the Farpool.  Caught in a roaring, crashing river of infinite eddies and currents of time, they rode the dragon’s tail until Navigator Kolandra saw her display light up green and called bingo.
At her signal, Telpoteen slammed K’orpuh’s flow vanes out full and punched the ship hard over, right into the faint, barely perceptible fingers of Time Stream T-2278.  Like a cocked fist, T-2278 grabbed them and yanked them out of the mainstream and into the midst of a million yesterdays.
After that, he slumped back in his seat and let the black hole of unconsciousness wash over him.

The jumpship shuddered and hurtled out of the Farpool in a flash of light, a roaring rush of deceleration, knocking Telpoteen and Kolandra hard against the cockpit windows.  Still trapped in the vortex, Telpoteen struggled to regain consciousness and, by instinct and training, rammed the ship’s rudder hard over, while firing her jets to counteract the residual force of the spin.  For a moment, they were both pinned sideways against the cockpit, until the force of the jets shot them through the core of the whirlpool and out into calmer waters.
Kolandra breathed hard, wiping her face with her forefins.  She checked the instruments.  
“Sounding smoother water, Commander…rough water but visibility improving.  I can pulse ahead…looks like we made it…somewhere.”
“And some when,” Telpoteen said.  “Nav, give me a hack.  Where and when are we?”
Kolandra was still groggy but functional.  Her fingers played over her board, checking their position and heading.  “Navsats say we are where we’re supposed to be…I read us at one twenty degrees west by eighteen degrees north, stable at fifty-two beats keel depth.  I need to get topside to shoot the sun to know for sure.”
They all knew the test card called for proof they had made their target in time and space, and that proof had to be brought back to Test Conductor Pendrak at Reed Tablemount. 
“Planing up now,” Telpoteen announced.  He nudged K’orpuh’s joystick controls forward and the ship smoothly hummed upward, ascending through several schools of fish to breach the surface amidst rough waves and heaving froth and spray topside.
Kolandra, who was fully Amphib, was already unfastening her harness, grabbing the small bag she had stashed below her seat.  As she got up, she withdrew the bag’s contents, a spindly metal contraption that earned curious stares from Telpoteen, Komik, even Lihua Guo Feng.
“What in the name of Shooki is that?”
Kolandra smiled faintly, heading for the gangway.  “The humans call it a sextant, you dumb kelke.  I’m using it to shoot the sun’s elevation.  An old airbreather trick.  If we’re where we’re supposed to be, we’ll have our proof we rode out T-2278 to the right time and place.”
Telpoteen just shook his head.  “The ship’ll do that automatically for you, Kolandra.  You know that.”
“Naturally, I’m aware of that.  But this is the sure way.  What if we lose our instruments, or power?  Urku sailors have been using this gadget for many mah.  I studied up on how to use it. It’ll be a good check on the instruments.”  She hustled aft down the gangway, ignoring more puzzled stares from Chereenah and Golok and cycled through the lockout on E deck.
Telpoteen went too.  “She’ll never get enough precision in this surf to get a decent reading.”
But he found that Kolandra was both persistent and skilled in using the ancient device.  Not to mentioned hard-headed.  He snuggled into his own lifesuit so he could emerge from the ship into the Notwater with her. 
Telpoteen found himself holding on to Nav’s lower legs to keep her steady as K’orpuh rolled and bobbed in the heavy surf.  He could hear Kolandra’s low curses and grunts as she struggled to take a reading on the sun.
Kolandra eventually ducked back inside with a broad smile on her face.  She waited until Telpoteen had emerged from the airlock, pulling his lifesuit off.  “I make the sun’s elevation at four-point-two degrees, give or take.  That proves we went back in time, to about late February, same year, in the Urku time system.  When we left, I took a quick reading from the hangar deck.  Twenty degrees.  Now, it’s four degrees.  The sun can’t be at four degrees unless we’re somewhere in February at this position…ergo we traveled the right time stream and went back.”
Telpoteen chuckled. “I’d be more impressed if we were in a Ponkti kip’t and you were following repeater signals back to Ponk’et.  I’m sure Pendrak will be suitably impressed. Get back to your station.  I’ll check the instruments and get a real reading.”
But Kolandra’s sextant readings turned out to be remarkably accurate.
Over the next few hours, K’orpuh’s crew exercised their ship and completed all requirements on her test card.
“Time to head back,” Telpoteen decided.  “Kolandra, give me a heading to the Farpool…and time to next ‘landing.’”
The Nav was so pleased with her sextant that she carried the thing in her lap like a pet pal’penk, occasionally fondling the device.  “Steer left one nine five degrees.  Next appearance in fourteen minutes…make turns for fifteen knots.”
Telpoteen ran their propulsors up to fifty percent.  K’orpuh surged forward, then began a shallow descent to fifty beats, ducking below the surf topside to a quieter, more peaceful realm below.  Blurs of schooling tuna and mackerel whizzed and scooted by them as they descended.   
“If only I had some line and bait,” Lihua observed through a porthole on E deck.  He strapped himself in behind Golok, just abeam of the hatch to F deck and the powerplants.  Behind the heavy shielding, K’orpuh’s singularity core ticked over in its shielded compartment, ready to give the jumpship maneuvering power once they were in the vortex.  “I’d catch me a couple of tuna, flay ‘em open and load up the salt, pepper and lemon….”
Beside him at the containment station, Komik just shuddered.  “They are people, same as me, Lihua.  Just because you have fins and flukes doesn’t make you somebody’s dinner.”  Just to make sure he got the point, he waved his own armfins in Lihua’s face.
Lihua was about to retort back, but Telpoteen’s voice sounded over the speaker.
“Engineer, status on power—”
Chereenah replied.  “Green across the board.  MHD on line, singularity core at twenty percent.”
They both felt the first faint tugging of the outer vortex field grab the ship as she approached the Farpool on a steady course.
K’orpuh was headed home.  With any luck, she had passed all points on her test card and was now ready for her first operational mission…a mission to Seome, a mission to the time before the End Times.
After transiting the Farpool, K’orpuh emerged from the vortex in good shape.  Guided by Kolandra’s directions, Telpoteen steered the ship back to the Reed Tablemount.
Once they had docked and endured Pendrak’s debriefing, Lihua Guo Feng said good-bye, temporarily.
“I must return to the Admiral Hu Kai Feng.  Beijing and the Institute expect an immediate report.”  He didn’t tell them that his own tou sheng implant had sent a not-so-subtle reminder a few hours before.
Telpoteen told him, “K’orpuh departs for real in three days.  You must be back here then, for final crew briefings and last-minute updates. The ship will be getting her final fittings and checks before then.”
“Understood,” Lihua replied.  He left the hangar bay and swam out on suit boost to where the Admiral Hu’s submersible was waiting.  Once on board, he hurriedly removed his helmet and inhaled deeply, grateful beyond words even for the stale air inside the submersible.  Enduring the Ponkti Kee’too lifesuit for the duration of their mission would tax his stamina and focus like nothing before.
The Chinese submersible was autonomous and bore the scientist steadily upward, into turquoise waters above the tablemount.  When the little craft bobbed to the surface, Lihua almost broke out into laughter, seeing bright sunshine for the first time in days.
He planned to take full advantage of it until the time came to head back to the tablemount and depart.
Below the Chinese ship, Telpoteen and Kolandra decided to remain at Reed Tablemount to oversee work on K’orpuh.  Komik returned to the city Ponkel’te with Chereenah.
As their kip’t sped off toward Ponkel’te, neither of them realized they had been under constant surveillance the whole time.  Hidden behind thick strands of kelp, elaborate coral beds and the ever-present schools of seabass and grouper, an Omtorish surveillance squad had taken careful note of activities at the tablemount.  Once the way was clear and Komik’s kip’t had left the area, the Omtorish powered up their own kip’t and departed the South China Sea for the long journey back to the Atlantic, back to Keenomsh’pont.  They had much to report for it was abundantly clear that the Ponkti were very close to beginning their long-planned trip back through the Farpool, back to Seome before the time of the great ak’loosh. 
The Omtorish had every intention of seeing that such a trip never succeeded.
Chapter 3

City of Keenomsh’pont
Muir Seamount, the Atlantic Ocean
August 4, 2195
47.9 Epoch of Kel’vishtu

The Metah of Omt’or, Orkinah pel, listened gravely to the report of the surveillance squad, which had just arrived from the South China Sea.  The report was delivered during Orkinah’s daily roam about the great city at the base of the Muir seamount.  A disconcerting, even threatening report, she decided.
“The Kel’em must know of this,” Orkinah said to her staff, as they swam with her in and out of em’kels and caves, holds and burrows, pulsing everything that went on across the vast settlement a hundred kilometers north of Bermuda.  “It’s clear from what our spies have told me that the Ponkti and their airbreather allies are preparing to use one of the Farpools to return to old Seome, before the ak’loosh, to restock their arsenal with more mah’jeet toxin and expand the Purple.  This affects all the lands of Urku, all the Earth.”
From across Keenomsh’pont, the council of elders were summoned to the vish’tu.  One by one, the elders of the Kel’em joined the great roam as Orkinah made her way around the city, thick and lively with Seomish, Amphibs, even human scuba divers and snorkelers.  Keenomsh’pont could have been mistaken for an underwater Times Square.
The Metah had everyone joining introduce themselves.  The names were said and pulses exchanged—Kipto, a placid sort; Okeemah, rather quirky inside—her stomach was a parade of bubbles; Oolandrah, careful and meticulous; Telpy’t, the arguer—you could tell it from the eruption of bubbles when he was pulsed.  The Metah learned that Telpy’t was also a trangkor player, a minstrel from the musical em’kel Tanklu’tong.
The official vish’tu roam was a custom as old as Seome itself.  Its origins were lost in the murky currents of the past, unclear and shrouded by the mythical tales of the ancient cave-dwellers.  It was very much in the traditions of Ke’shoo and Ke’lee and Shoo’kel, and typically involved two roamers, although custom did not dictate any set number.  Entire em’kels, or even whole kels, were known to conduct their business in vishtu, on roams that might last from a few hours to a few days, and range over thousands of beats.
The beauty of the vishtu was that it encouraged great physical exertion.  That was good in itself but it also helped unblock other channels of communication like scent and gave them a chance to work.  Sharp disputes often arose on roams but the vishtu seemed to blunt them.  Something happened to kelke who roamed in vishtu; they were more congenial and flexible.  It was the physical beauty of the landscape, in the opinion of many, that accounted for this.  Others insisted that it was the muscular exertion involved—the body and the mind were one and sustained effort was needed to ease the roamer into a trance where he could merge his personality with his fellow roamers.  More likely, the magic of vishtu was due simply to what was called t’shoo, a feeling of sliding through the water, brushed by currents and tingling from beak to tail, spiritual orgasm it might be called.  Vishtu was all these things.
However, this vish’tu was dedicated to one purpose.  Orkinah planned to convey the report of the surveillance team and seek consensus on what to do about it.  Despite the official nature of the roam, Orkinah knew perfectly well that others would soon join in.
Perhaps that is for the best, she reasoned.
The Kel’em soon began gathering near the base of the Muir seamount.  Others joined in and the sea darkened with their numbers, loud and boisterous and anxious to be underway.  For many hours, the kel assembled its people, until they swarmed in such multitude that the din could surely be pulsed around the world.
No one gave much thought to what the Tailless above the water might think of all the racket. Indeed, it wasn’t long before human divers soon came to see what the excitement was all about.
When at last the Kel’em had gathered and the seamounts of the valley were lost in the immense tide of people, the Metah of Omt’or sent her councilors among them with the protocol of the roam.  There were moments of great excitement and disappointment, waiting to learn how the em’kels would be arranged, who would roam with whom, who would be separated, who favored, who would roam nearest the Metah and who at the tail.  The clattering of potu pearls changing hands was quickly followed by the buzz of the prodsman’s prod, to keep the bribery within bearable limits.  

The time to begin came and Orkinah made her appearance with her full court in tow.  The vishtu formed swiftly as they paddled serenely toward the head of the roam.  A hush rolled through the crowd like a strong current and there was furious commotion behind them as the kelke pulled themselves together.  To all, it was a magnificent sight: the flanks curved out of range around the end of the valley and spread out into the sea itself, in evenly stepped divisions.  
They set off at a slow pace, allowing the crowds behind them to catch up.  The Metah led them through a dense bed of brilliant blue coral that marked the end of the valley, though it was partly obscured by the ever-present rain of silt, sloughing off the seamount.  Beside each flank, a cluster of servlings hovered, ready to swoop in with pods of food.  
A deep trench dwindled behind them; ahead, the northern flanks of the Bermuda Platform could barely be pulsed.  Once out of the valley, good water could be felt for hundreds of beats in any direction.  That would make the discussions and the decisions easier.  The vishtu murmured in anticipation and soon all of the servlings had vanished.
A high ringing shriek from the Metah was the signal.  The sound channel magnified the shriek into a crescendo of shrill notes, pealing away in the distance.  Another shriek met the first overtures of the full vishtu, deep, melodious harmonies building majestically to a deafening bellow, a wail sliding across the ocean, reverberating around the world, the kel’s way of saying “Here we are.”  Tillet and pal’penk could never mistake the sound, even as it clashed with the human noises above them.
The first call was soon repeated, with higher pitch and the waters shook with the cries.  From the bottom, living creatures for which the Seomish had no name stirred and listened carefully; great schools massed beneath the vishtu, following it across the sea.  The first melodies of the Songs were repeated, once, twice, three times, lamenting the kel’s history.  Omt’or mourned the days of loneliness, with sorrow and pain.  Her lost herds would hear the moans and return to still them forever.
The overtures lasted for the better part of half a day and by the time the vishtu had reached the first slopes of the Bermuda Platform, most human divers were exhausted and peeled off to return to their sports. 
The next part of the Songs dealt with the history of the kel; it was a necessary interlude to the kelkemah, the story of the kel’s response to the crisis that had brought them to this strange world.  Kelkemah was a detailed rendering of the kel’s daily activities…the coming of the great Sound, the cold, the great ak’loosh wave.  After kelkemah, the refrain of the laments would follow.  
And the stage would be set for what was sure to be a vigorous discussion of what to do next.
The base of the Muir seamount was a craggy broken land, pockmarked with caves, niches, folds, burrows and hollows, nearly four kilometers in circumference, blending into the broader Bermuda Platform, itself a flat-topped guyot thousands of feet above the abyssal plains of the seafloor.  Over every fold and crack at the base of the seamount, small knots of kelke had built shelter, drawing hundreds of sheets of fibrous netting over the openings, carving out small tunnels, channels, warrens and passageways right out of the volcanic tuff of the mountain.  The effect was to make the base of the Muir complex resemble a vast spiderweb or honeycomb of cells and caves.   
Atop the seamount, building hadn’t stopped even for a day over the last eighty years.  Level after level of new structures, new settlements, new domes and pavilions had been added by humans and Amphibs, so that above the seamount itself, a vast city rose out of the sea and spread out in all directions.  
Orkinah pulsed the vast heaving expanse of the settlement, remembering how frightening the original trip through the Farpool had been.
It was time to gather the elders around her at the head of the roam and at a signal from her vizier, old Lukeema, the Kel’em approached, nuzzled her and swam alongside.
“Litorkel ge, Affectionate Metah,” said Kipto.  “Pleasant currents today.”
“And to you, esteemed one.”
And so it went.
When the elders had gathered around, Orkinah got down to business.  She recounted the report of the Omtorish surveillance team.
“My sources indicate great danger from the far seas.  It seems that the Ponkti, with help from some Tailless allies—they’re called Churku…Chinese—have developed and spread the terrible disease the airbreathers call Purple.”
Telpy’t growled.  “The Ponkti are worse than wounded seamothers.”
Okeemah agreed, scooting forward so she could be heard over the racket behind them.  “We can’t trust any Ponkti.”
“I’m glad they left Keenomsh’pont,” said Oolandrah.  “They can’t be far enough away for me.”
Orkinah said, “It seems that the Purple is deadly to the Tailless.  We’ve monitored their news broadcasts for many mah now…all the news is bad.  Millions are affected.  Millions of them are dying.  They’re desperate.  They have no antidote.”
“Not surprising,” said Telpy’t.  “This disease is carried by mah’jeet, from what I hear.  It’s all based on Seomish biology.”
Orkinah agreed.  “The Ponkti and their allies want to destroy the people of Notwater…that’s the only explanation.  They and their allies want to occupy the lands of Urku.”
“Ponkti are sea people, same as us.  How can they occupy the land?”
“Their Amphibs can survive up there.  With the sea levels rising, it’s only a matter of time before the Ponkti push us all into caves…the Orketish, Eepkostic, the Skortish.  It isn’t just Notwater they want.  It’s our seas too.”
The elders questioned Orkinah closely.
“What else do your spies say?”
Orkinah replied, “That a special team of Ponkti and these Chinese airbreathers are planning a trip.  Through their local Farpool.  We think it’s another trip back to old Seome.  Seome before the End Time, before the ak’loosh.”
“This farpool is in Ponkti seas, is it not?  We can’t exactly stop them from using it.  And why would they make such a trip?”
Here, Orkinah knew she had to be careful.  “We think they seek more mah’jeet toxin.  Our intelligence indicates the Ponkti want additional supplies, that can be brought back to Urku and enhanced.  To finish off the airbreathers.”
“That’s a serious charge,” said Kipto.  “Your spies have evidence?”
“They report what they have seen.  It’s up to us to say what the report means.  But my surveillance team has witnessed tests of a new ship, a new ot’lum, that has made multiple trips through the Farpool and returned.  Long-range sound bulbs have picked up bits and pieces of conversations, instructions and orders.  There can be only one conclusion.”
Telpy’t said, “Perhaps the Ponkti are doing us a favor by driving the airbreathers off.  We should consider that.”
Orkinah lashed out.  “The Ponkti only look out for themselves.  Old Telpy’t, you can’t really believe that the Purple will stop with the airbreathers.  Sooner or later, the Ponkti and their allies will modify the toxin and use it against us.  And the Skortish.  And the Eepkostic.  I’ve already passed on some this to the Metahs of those kels.  They agree with me…this is a threat we must meet.  This is a threat that endangers all of us, all Seomish, all Amphibs, as well as the Humans.”
 “What can we really do?” asked Oolandrah.  “Telpy’t is right.  The Farpool they use is in their own seas.”
The roam had reached the craggy ramparts of the Bermuda Platform.  At Orkinah’s signal, the entire convoy executed a sweeping turn back northward, toward Keenomsh’pont.  The turn gave Orkinah time to think and to measure her words.
“Somehow, we Omtorish must stop this trip back to old Seome.  The Metah of Sk’ort and the Metah of Ork’et agree.  They’re willing to help.  We must find a way of stopping the Ponkti from completing their plan and we must try to secure an antidote to the mah’jeet toxin.”
Okeemah gave that some thought, munching on ertleg claws that a servling had just brought.  “Once, there were rumors, stories, that the milk of a seamother could reduce the effect of the mah’jeet.”
“I’ve heard those stories,” said Kipto.  “Fantasies, I always assumed.  Tales told to midlings.”
“Maybe they’re true,” said Oolandrah.  “But Seome is gone.  The great ak’loosh—”
Orkinah cut her off.  “We all know the Farpools can be used to travel in space and time.  The Ponkti have already done this.  We’ve done this.  So far, airbreather science had been unable to come up with an effective antidote.”
“This is true,” Telpy’t told them.  “The Purple is based on mah’jeet toxin and Seomish biology is little known among the Tailless.  And the Ponkti allies, the Chinese, have enhanced the Purple with their own technology.”
Orkinah let the discussion go on for awhile.  Then: “The Metah of Sk’ort believes as I do, that a possible antidote or remedy to the Purple—at least to the mah’jeet toxin—may have existed on old Seome.  She believes the mekli priestesses at the Pillars of Shooki have this knowledge, if is exists.”
“What do you propose, Affectionate Metah?” came several voices.
“That we form our own special team.  We send them back to old Seome through our local Farpool here, and meet with the mekli to find the truth.  Perhaps, there is a way to bring more seamothers, or their calves, back through the Farpool, and harvest them for the right medicines.”
Kipto was skeptical.  “This team would have to be composed of members from other kels.  To keep peace among us.”
Orkinah agreed.  “The Eepkostic and the Sk’ortish will help us.”
“And who would lead such a team?”
Orkinah didn’t reply for a few moments, letting the crescendo of noise from their approach to Keenomsh’pont flood into their faces.
“I have a female Amphib in mind.  She is a jumpship commander in our Farpool Squadron.”
“Affectionate Metah, tell us who.  Give us a name.”
Orkinah was grateful to pulse the cacophony and chaos that was Keenomsh’pont now swallowing them up.
“In time, councilors.  In time, you will know.”

U.S. Cyber Corps Headquarters
National Threat and Intelligence Fusion Center
August 5, 2195
Herndon, Virginia
1215 hours

Captain Anson Leeds took the stairs down to NTIFC’s Watch Center three at a time.  This better not be another false alarm, he told himself.  There had been enough of those the last week to last a lifetime.  He checked his wristpad and grunted as he nearly twisted an ankle on the stair landing.  Another Level 1 alert and more threatcons to follow.  
Leeds didn’t know about the lab experiment at Ft. Detrick, Maryland.  He didn’t know about the effort to test an enhanced AMAD device against Purple bacteriomechs at the Army’s Biowar Command facilities.  He didn’t know the test had failed and that the Purple had escaped containment and somehow injected itself into Ft. Detrick’s electric power grid, affecting not only power but its WorldNet connections as well.  
All he knew was that something had stirred up WorldNet like a stick in a bees’ nest.
The Watch Center was a semi-circular mission control room with screens and displays on every available surface.  The Big Board showed an outline of North America, the eastern seaboard to be exact.  Red, green, blue and white lights blinked on and off, strobing in synch with key node and server farm activity levels, as the Net breathed and pulsed zettabytes of data every second around the earth and into near-earth space.  
Leeds spotted the Current Status desk and headed for it.  He recognized the two duty officers right away: Lieutenant Linda Tracey and Sergeant Will Vogt.  
Good techs, both of them.  Leeds knew they’d be on top of anything that came up.
“What have you got for me guys?”  Leeds landed next to their station and studied the Big Board.  The entire east coast was flickering with lights and data blocks.
Tracey was harried, shaking her head, swearing under her breath.  “It’s ECSO, sir…East Coast System Operator.  We’ve got a Level 1 cascade going down right now…multiple flashovers in key junctions…transients up and down the network…race conditions at two control centers….”
“And threatcons coming in from WorldNet like a tsunami, sir,” added Vogt.  “High risk gradients on all of them.  Look at this—“ he pointed to a display on his console, scrolling system status from multiple nodes.  “Server firewalls breached at every location.  Rootkit exploits popping up everywhere like mushrooms.  Tricky stuff too, sir.  Runtime environment’s contaminated at over a hundred nodes.  They’re re-directing, but this baby’s spreading fast.  Jamestown’s already down.  I’ve got twenty others on the edge.”  Vogt threw up his hands.  “There goes Watkinsville and Cliff Valley…that whole sector’s toast.  I haven’t seen anything like this in months, maybe years.  We may be looking at kernel-level rootkits here…maybe even some zero-day stuff.”
Leeds could see it was serious.   A growing power blackout was rippling up and down the U.S. eastern seaboard, seeming to originate from somewhere in Maryland.  Along with the blackout and its cascading effects radiating outward like cracks in a sidewalk, WorldNet alarms were going off, lending a circus-like atmosphere to the Watch Center.  Techs scurried from one station to another.  People gestured.  Voices were raised. Fingers were pointed.  
Something was attacking key nodes and server centers around the world, something big and coordinated.  Was it a drill?  Another exercise ordered by General Pacer?   Leeds hadn’t seen anything on the boards lately about an upcoming exercise.  The bi-annual Com-Ex games weren’t due for another four months.  Not that the USCINCCYBER needed an excuse to run a drill…or an ORI visit.  Operational Readiness Inspections made everyone’s breakfast taste like brass fillings.
“What does COHEN have to say?”  The AI that ran the Watch Center had been given the nickname months ago, coming online after years of testing and debugging.  The Cyber Operations and Heuristic Algorithmic Network could digest yottabytes of data every second and spit out analyses and conclusions like a university professor on steroids.  Plus some wise guy had adorned the voice response system with a faint Yiddish accent.  Jokes, puns and wisecracks abounded in the weeks after COHEN went live.
“COHEN thinks this is a Sandstorm variant, Captain,” Tracey said.  “It’s seeing some of the same kinds of exploits, some of the same techniques, digital certificates, grabbing protected memory and buffer-overflow tricks.  This one may be an updated variant of earlier Russian or Chinese versions…Sandstorm with some new tools.”
Leeds bent down to study the code scrolling on Tracey’s screen.  COHEN was filtering and comparing and running correlations at high speed, too fast for any human to follow.  All you could do was trust the system and try to get out of the way.  
“I’m seeing bits and pieces of Sandstorm here,” Leeds admitted.  “Kernel-mode stuff.  Lots of .dll calls.  But something’s different…look, even COHEN thinks so.”  Even as Leeds watched, the AI was flagging code blocks and lines that it didn’t understand, or couldn’t find any compares to list.  “Analysis, guys?  I’ve got to give something to CINCCYBER in about ten minutes.  Anytime a Level One sounds, Pacer wants the gritty details on his desk immediately, if not sooner.”
“Sir, I think we should deal with this as an updated, maybe altered or souped-up version of Sandstorm, until we learn differently.  There are differences and things COHEN can’t figure out.  I’ve seen a few gotchas and Easter eggs myself, just in the last hour.  But treating this like Sandstorm gives us a place to start.”
“How about attribution?  Or are we dealing with a botnet here or a cutout network?”
“Even COHEN can’t keep up with all the proxies, Captain,” said Vogt.  “They’re exploding like mushrooms.”
Or like Purple nanobots in big bang overdrive, thought Leeds.  But he didn’t say that.  “Okay, boys and girls, I’m headed upstairs.  Give me the latest and I’ll put it before Pacer as a probable Sandstorm attack.”  
Vogt synched COHEN’s emitter at their station and the analytics went straight to Leeds’ wristpad.  The captain checked the results, pronounced himself satisfied and headed out of the Watch Center.
CINCCYBER’s office suite was seven stories up, the penthouse view of late-summer rolling hills and Virginia horse country.  Leeds rode the secure lift and found himself face to face with General Wesley Pacer, who frowned and chewed the end of toothpick as he scowled at his own display.  
“COHEN’s got his hands full today, Captain.  Sit, sit.  You’re saying this is Sandstorm we’re facing?  What about the power outages?”
Leeds sat down.  Pacer was mid-fifties, not enhanced, so far as anyone knew.  Steel gray crew-cut, hard cheeks and facial planes, like a shovel blade with eyes.  Big ears that stuck out and absolutely no one made any wisecracks about them, if they wanted to live.  Pacer was a doer.  He got things done.  
“ECSO is at the center of this, General.  It’s a cascading failure and all the telemetry shows the same thing.  We’ve got multiple surges, overvolt and undervolt events and none of the system controllers can balance the load…it’s like something’s infected all of them.  They’re sluggish, when they operate at all.  There’s a two-hundred-gigawatt load sloshing around out there like a runaway freight train…wreaking havoc everywhere it lands.  None of the generators can account for it.  It just appeared.  This Sandstorm event’s caused server and alarm failures up and down the line.  Multiple voltage and power spikes and we’re completely blind to what’s happening.”
Pacer snapped the toothpick clean in two with his clenched teeth.  “I’ve already sent a RED ONE message to the Pentagon, the State Department and the White House.  I’ve also activated CyberFence but all these countermeasures are like taking this toothpick here and poking an elephant.  Net result has been zero.  Hell, we may have actually made things worse.  The friggin’ blackout’s spreading into Canada and west to the Great Lakes.  Even places in western Europe are going offline.  I expect POTUS will be making a call here any minute.”
“Sir, the consensus from COHEN is that Sandstorm’s responsible, but we don’t know who.  Maybe the Russians.  Maybe the Chinese.  Maybe some Bulgarian teen-ager. Maybe bugs from outer space.  But there are some significant differences, things we can’t ignore.”
“Like what, Leeds?”
“The rate this thing is spreading, for one thing, sir.  Even in all the past exploits and assaults, even in the COM-EX exercises, no virus or worm or Trojan or logic bomb or any kind of malware has spread this far, this fast.  It essentially erupted everywhere at once, like a global instantaneous assault at every WorldNet server center and node at the same time.  It’s like there are ghosts inside the Net, inside PHAROAH itself.  Something at the very heart of WorldNet’s operating system that mirrors every action, every command and link, and every execution, then when the right word or condition comes, pow!... it puts a hand over PHAROAH’s mouth and starts running the whole show.  I’m wondering if we’ve got some kind of malware right in PHAROAH’S main memory, right in the very kernel of the system.”
Pacer was about to respond, but the Crystal vidcon chirped, indicating encrypted traffic coming in.  The Seal of the Presidency flashed up on the screen.  
“Here he is, Leeds…right on cue.  Good day, Mr. President.”
On screen was Samuel L. Kenley, President of the United States.  POTUS was white-haired, ruddy-cheeked from a recent trip to Vail, Colorado, where the Leader of the Free World had hung out for the last week in a borrowed mansion the size of a small country.  
Leeds started to get up but Pacer waved him back to his seat.  “Stick around,” he told Leeds.  “I may need you.  Sir, I just flashed the latest from COHEN to your inbox.  We think it’s Sandstorm again, maybe a newer version.”
Kenley’s face was a map of conflicting emotions, all boundaries and crags and wrinkles, fighting each other.  He blinked at the screen.  “Attribution’s all I care about, General, at this point.  Is this Russia?  Is this China?  I need somebody to blame.  The public’ll have my head in a noose if I can’t blame somebody.  This—“ he stopped when he realized they had a new participant on the line.  
The vidcon had chirped and another window opened up on the screen.  It was the UN Security Affairs Commissioner, Evelyn Lumumba.  UNSAC was an ebony-black Cameroonian woman of striking beauty, with fierce warrior eyes and bristly conical hair, adorned by an ivory and bone hairpiece that rattled when she turned her head.  She conned in from UNSAC’s offices at the Quartier-General in Paris.  
“Good afternoon, Evelyn,” POTUS said.  “I was just asking General Pacer here if it’s Russia or China again.’  
CINCCYBER was unequivocal in his answer.  “Without a doubt, Mr. President.  Couldn’t be anybody else.  The forensics all point that way.”
Not all of them, Leeds thought to himself.  But he said nothing.
Lumumba sat back and thought.  Her hairpiece rattled again.  “I’d say maybe, Mr. President.  We’ve seen the analyses your COHEN system has sent over.  But our own people think there could be other explanations.  Already, we’ve detected Purple fluctuations around the perimeter of Kipwezia…indicating the virus…the mechs…whatever… is up to something again.  It’s been quiet for over a week there, so we don’t know what’s up, but a team has already been formed to track down these disturbances and make sure Purple stays in quarantine, at least in that sector.  I’ve already seen reports of supercolonies of Bugs drifting around in the atmosphere.”
UNSAC words galvanized Leeds.  The moment seemed opportune.  He raised a hand to flag CINCCYBER’s attention.  “General, if I may--?”
Pacer waved him on.  “Go ahead, Major.”
“Sir, I guess I have something of a contrary view.  There are network indicators we should be considering here…the speed of the infection, if that’s what it is.  The nature of the assault…we’re looking at kernel-rootkit assault, right at the very core of PHAROAH, the Net operating system.  The fact that there appears to be a series of very serious, very subtle zero-day backdoors going on here, even inside Russia and China.  This thing has appeared out of nowhere and appeared everywhere almost instantly.  That tells me this is a foundational attack, something fundamental to the very protocols that operate WorldNet and Solnet.”  
POTUS was unconvinced.  “So the Russians and the Chinese are also infected…that means nothing.  At the end of World War II, Stalin shot his own repatriated POWs and soldiers.  Couldn’t let the Perfect Society be contaminated by exposure to the Nazis or the other Allies.  This proves nothing.”
“There is one other indicator we should consider,” Leeds went on.  “We’ve all seen the same reports about unusual Bug activity in the Atlantic and Pacific over the last few weeks.  I checked with Solnet News before I came up here.  Just yesterday, before all this started happening, there was an enormous spike in Purple activity and so far, no known source can account for it.  The fact that Purple spiked in volume just a day or so before a big malware attack on the Net and a Level 1 power outage up and down our eastern seaboard may well be a coincidence.  But I don’t think we can discount the possibility of unknown interference effects on our digital systems.  Solar activity plays havoc with comms all across the Solar System…that’s a known effect.  Maybe, the Net has finally become so complex, so sensitive, that threats like these Purple bugs can cause cascading failures on a scale we’ve never seen before, even insinuate themselves into the WorldNet.  Sir,” he faced POTUS directly on the vidcon, “we shouldn’t discount the possibility.”
POTUS, UNSAC and CINCCYBER all nodded in unison.  POTUS cleared his throat and ran a hand through an unruly lock of white hair.  The man was starting to resemble Einstein on a bad hair day.  “Major, your concerns and analysis are duly noted.  However, I’m going with the preponderance of the evidence.  I’ve seen enough.  It’s Russia.  Or China.  It has to be.  And once and for all, it’s high time for us to retaliate.  I am going to authorize CyberSword.  General, make all necessary preparations and load up your guns.  Then come back to me for authority to proceed.  I’ll clear it with our friends at the UN and with State and Defense.”
Pacer nodded.  “At once, sir.  Mr. President, you are fully aware of what authorizing CyberSword means…we did a run-through during the last Com-Ex.”
POTUS took a deep breath.  “I do, General.  A massive pre-planned offensive cyber response to this Sandstorm attack, taking out trunk lines and key nodes and major server installations inside Russia and China.  I fully expect we’ll cripple large sectors of both nations’ economy and industry.  It’s well past time to teach these jokers a lesson they won’t forget.  We can play the same game as them.”
Anson Leeds swallowed hard.  What President Kenley had just authorized was a massive ‘nuclear’ response.  A killing response.  He couldn’t help shake the feeling.  CyberSword wasn’t what was needed.  It would cause more problems than it solved.  It was like taking a howitzer to a gnat.  Not only that, Leeds was more and more convinced the gnat wasn’t the problem.  While Kenley and Pacer and Lumumba were chasing gnats, other bugs had somehow crawled into the Net from a different direction.  Leeds was sure of it.
He just couldn’t prove it yet.  
The President and UNSAC discussed coordination between the U.S. and UNIFORCE for a few minutes.  
“Well, I’ve got a press conference in an hour,” Kenley said.  “I suppose I’ll get hammered by all the reporters over what we’re doing.  But damn it…the Russians and the Chinese can’t just slam our infrastructure with viruses and worms and expect to get away with it.  Sooner or later, somebody’s got to pay.  And now’s the time.”
Lumumba agreed.  “It’s past time to take the initiative, Mr. President.  I’ll advise the Security Council and the SG of your plans.  And we’ll need to make sure there are good communication links between Quantum Corps and your Cyber Corps people.”
Pacer chimed in.  “I’ve got just the liaison in mind, Mr. President.  Major Leeds here has worked with Table Top and other Quantum Corps sites for several years now.  They participate in our Com-Ex exercises every year, sometime as a Red Force, sometimes with us as part of Blue.”
“Perfect,” Kenley decided.  “Now if you’ll excuse me—“ The vidcon link to the White House went dark, to be replaced by the Presidential Seal.
“I’ll talk with CINCQUANT myself,” Lumumba was saying.  “General Argo will want to keep his forces on full alert when CyberSword goes down.  The Russians and the Chinese will surely respond in kind after we drop a few logic bombs on them.  I’m authorizing ThreatCon One.  Argo will have to keep his botshields humming at every site.  There’s no telling where the enemy will strike.”
“Agreed,” Pacer said.  UNSAC signed off and the vidcon was over.  The General turned to Leeds.
“Leeds, have you lost your cotton-pickin’ mind?  What’s all this crap about ‘Bugs from the sky’ and men from Mars?  This is full-scale cyberwar and we know who did it.  I don’t want to hear any more fairy tales about these critters invading WorldNet.  We’ve got a war on.  The President has just authorized CyberSword and we’ve got a job to do... you’ve got a job to do.”
Leeds was already wishing he had kept his big mouth shut.  With POTUS’ orders, Pacer was like a retriever on the hunt…he smelled blood and nothing would dissuade him.  “Sir, I just happen to think CyberSword is not necessary.  It’ll do more harm than good, for all of us.  It’s an over-response.”
“I suppose we should just let all these worms and viruses run wild around the Net, destroying our power plants and water supplies…Major Leeds, I know you better than that.  You and I both took an oath of office.  After Sandstorm or whatever the hell this is, if we didn’t respond and return fire, we should both be tried for treason and shot.”
Leeds shook his head.  “That’s not it, sir.  There’s more going on inside WorldNet than just Russian or Chinese cyber-mischief.”
Pacer scoffed.  “What proof do you have, son?”
“Ever heard of the ADAM Project, General?  James Tsu’s in charge of that effort.”
Pacer thought for a moment, then recognition came to him.  “Isn’t he that egghead down at the Wizard Works?”
“CyberLab, sir…that’s the official name.  The ADAM Project is a research effort that’s looking into whether or not the Net could be exhibiting evidence of sentience, even intelligence.  It’s become complex enough and there’s a school of thought that says once a system becomes that complex, it can achieve something like intelligence.  You personally approved the effort, sir.”
Pacer frowned.  “I must have been out of my mind.  It doesn’t matter anyway.  The Commander-in-Chief has given us our orders.  It’s our job to obey and carry them out.  Keep monitoring and analyzing the situation…keep feeding stuff to COHEN and see what he comes up with.  As for me, I’ve got a war to run.”
Major Anson Leeds was dismissed and returned to the Watch Center downstairs.  Cyber-hell was about to be let loose across WorldNet and Leeds had a bad feeling about what would happen.  If James Tsu was even half right, the Net or whatever had infected the Net was about to get a big kick in the pants.  CyberSword would soon send insane quantities of worms, viruses, logic bombs, Trojans and other malware flying across the Net.  The Russians and the Chinese would do the same. 
  A cat fight was a certainty and nobody could say who would get scratched worse after it  started.

Charley Meyer’s Echopod Journal Entry #1

Well, I finally have a few moments to put down some thoughts about what has been happening.  I’m still not sure how a jumpship commander from the Omtorish Farpool Squadron wound up working with NYPD to fight off disruptions to a Sea Council meeting.  Seomish, Amphibs, airbreather humans from the old UN, they were all here, a combustible mix if ever there was one.  There had been reports, threat intelligence, that the Ponkti and some of their allies from the Tailless would try to disrupt the meeting.
I guess that proved out pretty accurate.
The intelligence had said, from several sources, that Sons of Adam would try to make trouble.  In fact, that news organization—Solnet, I think it was—had already let out they were interviewing an SOA spokesman as the Sea Council got underway.  Name of Tim Holland.  Some kind of follower of Senator Ryan Palette or something.  I didn’t get all the details.
And sure enough, Holland showed up just outside the Sea Council pavilion, right on cue.  I think I’ve got some vid footage from Solnet here…if I can find it…ah, here it is…the reporter was that Tolstoy lady….

Start playback.
The footage flutters into view and the sound, scratchy at first, is cleaned up by Meyer’s echopod. 
… Less than a thousand kilometers to the west of Bermuda, Tim Holland surfaced his kip’t-submarine just off the Sea Council facility in the East River and popped the hatch.  A smile of satisfaction spread over his face; his meticulous plans were unfolding just as outlined and he let the river current carry his submersible downriver until it bumped into one of the pilings that surrounded the pavilion.  He looped a short mooring cable around one of the cleats and beamed up at the small squadron of newsdrones that hovered overhead.  Faces peered out at him from the pavilion itself…most of the Council delegates had already arrived.  On shore, hundreds of demonstrators waved placards and chanted slogans that he couldn’t quite make out across the hundred meters of river, but that didn’t matter.
It was enough to have the world’s attention for what he was about to say.
Holland gazed about for one particular newsdrone and was pleasantly surprised to encounter a whirring quadrotor bearing the SOLNET insignia moving down from a hover to take up station less than ten meters above him.  By prior arrangement, correspondent Aimee Tolstoy and SOLNET would be the pool media agency allowed to direct questions to Holland during this talk.  All other agencies and services would hang back, allowed to capture their own photos and vids, but the interview would be run by SOLNET.
“Good evening, Ms. Tolstoy.  I’m assuming that’s you buzzing around up there?  Would you please come a little lower, so I don’t have to strain my neck so much?”
Obediently, the drone descended to head height.  A voice emerged from the faint whir.
“Good day, Mr. Holland.  This is Aimee Tolstoy and we’re live on Solnet.  Thank you for agreeing to meeting with us.”
“My pleasure, Aimee.”
Tolstoy was physically located inside the Sea Council pavilion but Holland and the Sons of Adam promoters had been insistent that no one approach Holland’s sub.  Security, they always explained.
Tolstoy had scoffed at that to her editors.  “More likely he just wants to be free to scoot if UNIFORCE and NYPD shows up in force.”  They all knew Holland had a warrant out for his arrest.  That was why the interview was being conducted from the deck of a submarine.
“Mr. Holland, before I begin, your people indicated that you wanted to make a short statement about the events that have transpired in New York the last few days.”
“I do indeed, thanks Aimee.”  Holland grasped firm hold of the sled’s canopy as other boats cruising back and forth out in the river sent wakes sloshing against the pavilion pilings.  
“Two days ago, as you all know, the Sons of Adam was forced to strengthen our position against the spread of this Amphib infection decimating our world and take irrevocable steps to preserve, protect and defend our way of life against these encroachments.  It was not a step we took lightly.  Some may say that taking control of Times Square by force was a despicable act of terrorism.  So be it.  Think what you will.  Sons of Adam says we represent the views of millions of people who feel as we do that nothing will be done about the plague of Amphibs infecting our society unless extreme measures are taken. Amphibs have brought us this damned Purple plague. Ladies and gentlemen, we’re at a crossroads now—”
Holland paused while Tolstoy’s newsdrone maneuvered in for a tight shot, putting on the sternest face he could to show the world that Sons meant business and hell and damnation would be their lot if they didn’t come to their senses.  Childhood images of pastors thundering down at their flocks from pulpits came to mind.
“The truth is, good people, that we must treat Amphibs like the Purple plague, like the disease they brought.  You don’t reason with a virus or a disease.  You eradicate it.  Make it cease to exist.  That’s what we propose and what we’ve always proposed.  Taking over Times Square was only the first step, but it was an important step because it’s a warning to all of us.  Amphibs can’t be allowed to stay here.  The Sea People can’t be allowed to stay here.  Send the Bugs and the Frogheads and the talking fish back where they came from!”
Distant cheers erupted from the crowds of demonstrators on shore, while inside the pavilion, concerned delegates cast worried glances at each other.  Some pecked on their wristpads.  Others stirred uneasily.  Boats continued to swarm about in the middle of the river.
Aimee Tolstoy used the interruptions to inject her first question.
“Mr. Holland, how many people died when the Sons of Adam occupied Times Square?  How many casualties were there?”
Holland rubbed his blond eyebrows nervously and squinted at the newsdrone hovering in the strong midday sunlight.  On screens and displays all over Solnet, the expression made Holland appear especially heartless and churlish.
“Of course, we deplore any casualties.  It’s never been the mission of Sons of Adam to cause casualties, unless we’re talking about amphibs and Sea People.  We don’t mourn the loss of a virus, do we?  In the same manner, we don’t mourn the losses of our adversaries.  But innocent people—and who can really be innocent at a time like this?—of course, we deeply regret that such things have to happen.”
“Mr. Holland, today thousands of people around the world are going through the conicthyosis procedure and becoming Seomish-human hybrids, much to the displeasure of parents and politicians everyone, especially people like yourself.  Many of these people think that being Amphib protects them from the worst effects of the Purple.  Amphib culture, the Amphib look, Amphib foods, traditions and beliefs are becoming all the rage.  You’ve said before that SOA views this as a grave threat to America and the world and we have numerous reports of similar organizations erupting around the world.  What would be an acceptable outcome to this dispute, as far as SOA is concerned?”
“An acceptable outcome--?” Holland paused for effect, appearing to give some thought to the question.  In reality, his answer was well-rehearsed and spilled out automatically.
“—an acceptable outcome would be for all Sea People to go back where they came from and for all Amphibs to undergo mandatory re-conversion therapy and live among us again as productive human beings, not some bastard half-breeds polluting our genetic heritage.”
“Sir, there are reports that when you recently developed lung cancer, medbotic intervention was prescribed and some of the medbots used were derived from the so-called mah’jeet organisms that the Sea People brought to Earth in their Emigration.  In fact, public health authorities in numerous countries have singled out this toxin as one of Purple’s active ingredients.  Some have called you a hypocrite for agreeing to this.  What do you say to these critics?”
Holland’s face darkened.  “I don’t think that’s important now.  My personal health issues are my business.  What is important is that we are here making a statement about the damage that Amphibs are doing to humanity, to our society, to our heritage, with this plague—”
“And you make this statement by destroying property and putting hundreds of lives in danger?”
Holland turned, hearing a commotion out in the river.  Two UN police cruisers were circling to approach the Sea Council pavilion.  “Ms. Tolstoy, Amphibs are destroying our world.  There’s no telling where all this will lead.  Steps must be taken.  Decisions must be made.  Sons of Adam intends to take a leading role in the debate—”
Now the police cruisers, each with big blue letters UN emblazoned on their hulls, began closing on the kip’t from opposite sides, maneuvering to pin the craft against the pavilion.
Tolstoy saw what was happening.  “Sir, if I may, there are reports from sources that—”
“I’m sorry, Ms. Tolstoy, but as you can see, my right to free speech is about to be violated…Sons of Adam forever!”  He waved the newsdrone away and slipped inside the sled, cranking down the canopy.  Before the police boats could approach and envelop the craft, Holland was already gone.
“SUSPECT BOAT, DO NOT ATTEMPT TO LEAVE!  STAY WHERE YOU ARE!  WE WILL OPEN FIRE ON YOU!”
But it was too late.  The kip’t was nimble and fast and was below the waves in seconds.  The nearer cruiser fired a few rounds from her 3-inch gun but Holland was gone, descending rapidly toward the river bottom in a furious cascade of bubbles.   Holland made a slight course adjustment, studied the cryptic displays on the Seomish sled and steered for what he hoped was the southern end of the river.  Presently, just coming abeam of Manhattan’s Battery Park, he felt the jostling swells and currents of the open ocean.
Once away from the traffic and noise of New York harbor, Holland figured he would cruise in the general direction of Muir City.  For better or worse, he knew now that he was fugitive from UNIFORCE justice….
End playback.

….that’s pretty much the way it happened, from my perspective.  I was in one of those UN cruisers but we never could catch Holland and his little sub.  After the rally had died down and the demonstrators were disbursed, I went ashore to work with the UN and NYPD people to implement additional security measures for later meetings of the Sea Council.  I must say, that riding through Times Square and the east side of Manhattan, I was really sobered by the eeriness of seeing no people in the streets. Totally vacant streets.  Trash piling up.  Sanitation bots broken down on the sidewalks.  That’s what the Purple has done to us…made us afraid of each other.
Just after my meeting with NYPD, I got a beep on my echopod.  It had come by ootkeeor—the old repeater net that a few Seomish still use for long-distance comms.
Really weird too.  It was an official summons.  I have to go to Keenomsh’pont and appear before the Metah of Omt’or.  Orkinah’s her name, I think.
I headed out to sea in my own kip’t, wondering just what the hell this was all about.

End Recording.
Chapter 4

City of Keenomsh’pont
Muir Seamount, the Atlantic Ocean
August 8, 2195
48.4 Epoch of Kel’vishtu

Charley Meyer had been a jumpship commander in the Omtorish Self-Defense Force Farpool Squadron for four years now and she had never been handed a mission like this before.  As she punched in the coordinates for the kip’t autopilot to follow, she sat back, sucked on a gisu pod and thought about what such a summons could mean.
Must have something to do with the Squadron, she told herself.  Why else summon a froghead like me?  She’d heard rumors about where Purple had come from, that the Ponkti were somehow involved.  And rumors the plague had its origins in something brought from old Seome in the Great Emigration.  
That probably explains why the airbreathers can’t find an antidote yet.  
She finished off her gisu and then thought: hey, if I get to K-Town fast enough, maybe Rey’ll be at the apartment.  Didn’t Mid-Atlantic MC have a big game coming up?  He’d said he might drop by before heading halfway around the world to Vancouver for the match.
With a mischievous grin, Charley fiddled with the kip’t’s propulsor and honked at the sound controls until she got the little sled speeding along at something over forty knots.  
Even at that speed, the trip to K-Town from New York would take almost twenty hours.
More than enough time to plan a little surprise for Reynaldo Diaz.

The kip’t had surfaced on autopilot before Charley awakened to a bright sunny day in the mid-Atlantic.  Waves were a bit choppy at sea state six but the sky was clear and even the traffic cooperated.
She killed auto and piloted the little craft expertly through Muir City’s outer ring of satellite cities, being careful to observe the speed limits and no-wake rules, before slipping into the western approach corridor.  Exchanging routine signals with Approach Control, she was quickly intercepted by two ray-like tow ships for the final drive into the hangar bay at Level Five.
Charley settled back and stared in fascination at what the great city had become in the eighty years since Emigration.
Just leave the driving to us.
 She could feel the tow now, as the two ray-like ships coordinated operations and steered the kip’t along a course that seemed south by southeast, a hundred and twenty meters below the surface.  Now, below the surface, the light level had dropped off significantly but there was enough ambient light at this depth to resolve basic shapes and forms.
“Muir seamount,” she muttered.  She saw a massive darkened form off her portside view.  The hulk of the mountain gleamed with thousands of lights, as if it were a huge submerged Christmas tree.  “I’ll ping around and see what’s what.”  Oblivious to the rules, she blasted out a few active pulses and was startled at the returns.  “Holy crap…look at this stuff.  What is all this?”
By sight, the source of the pings could barely be seen in the silt and murk of the mid-Atlantic, but even a cursory pulse betrayed the outlines of the great city.  Its main axes were wedged in between towering seamounts, held, as it were, in the bosom of the mountains atop a flat mesa-like plateau in the middle.  
Charley pulsed in several directions, earning a sharp rebuke from Approach Control, but she ignored that and found domes and pavilions and floatways and more domes, interspersed with cylindrical structures and pyramids and cones, a geometric forest of cubes and humps and tent-like coverings, all of it crammed and pungent with noisy, honking, bellowing, clicking, snorting life…”—jeez, there really is no place like Muir City and K-Town.”
Indeed, the seamount itself was the center of a vast, seemingly endless procession of islands, platforms and structures she could barely see, radiating outward from the seamount in all directions, at all depths.  Charley manipulated her active sonar but the returns were the same along every axis…the clutter of echoes bespoke an endless, seemingly limitless profusion of buildings, edifices, structures and shapes, all of it resembling nearly infinite rows of reefs undulating across the seabed and at every depth, from the bottom to the surface.
Presently, the kip’t was towed toward an oblong opening in a cantilevered structure hanging off the side of the seamount itself.  The ship slowed and was physically shoved through a ‘curtain’ of water, then deposited by the water grapple on a slick, glistening deck, inside of a vast hangar.  
The kip’t rocked and settled a bit on the deck and was still.
“I guess this is where I get off,” she told herself.
 
The apartment was at Level 5, some two hundred meters above the choppy surface, with a decent view of the ocean but mostly of Muir City’s satellite towns and villages, dozens of them dotting the ocean surface like multi-colored flower blossoms all the way to the horizon.
She took the lift to 5-22A and keyed herself inside through the bioscan.  
As expected, Rey was draped asleep over a couch, the vid on mute, but playing some kind of megaball game from the past week.  He was shirtless, wearing only shorts and a single flip-flop, for the other one had fallen to the floor.
Charley tip-toed across the room and let herself carefully down on top of his prostrate body.
Startled, thrashing momentarily, Rey jerked awake and was about to toss her off, when he realized who had pinned him to the couch.
His face morphed into a grin and they embraced hard.
“I thought you might show up,” she breathed in his ear.
Reynaldo Diaz had big coal-black eyes, a sharp chin and big floppy ears.  Charley always teased him that he had to be half-Amphib with ears like that.
“At least, I don’t look like a frog on steroids, Gilly-Girl.”
“Dried-out meat slab,” she teased back.  Charley got off him and sat up on the edge of the couch.  “How long this time?”
Rey wiped thick black wavy hair out of his eyes.  “Team heads for Vancouver day after tomorrow.  I took a few days to come out to K-Town…didn’t know you were in New York.”
Charley got up, went prowling in the kitchen for something to drink.  “Oh, yeah, Squadron sent me to the Sea Council meeting…extra security.  They were expecting trouble with Sons of Adam…Ponkti, too.”
Rey nodded.  “I saw it on vid last night.  Freakin’ fishheads, the Ponkti.  SOA, they’re just insane.  What’ve they got against Amphibs, anyway?  I like the one I got—” he swiped at her butt as she passed by with two drinks and sat down.
They toasted a picture-postcard day outside and eventually wandered over to the verandah, sheltering themselves from stiff salt-air breezes while they gazed at the aircabs and sea sleds buzzing around the City.
For many minutes, Charley and Reynaldo said nothing, just enjoying the view and being close to each other.  The drinks were sharp but smooth…a little gin concoction Rey had showed her how to make from his family’s recipe back in Barcelona.
“Hey, Rey…tell me the truth, okay?  Doesn’t all this travel get to you?  I mean, you’re on the road most of the season.  And when you’re not…”
“I know, Baltimore’s not Muir City.  But it’s a job.  I’m a scout and a recruiter and Mid-Atlantic MFC pays the bills.  I have to go find that young megaball talent—” he winked at her, “—the next Reynaldo Diaz, so we can contend and win a few championships.”
She stared up at his eyes.  “There’s only one Reynaldo Diaz…and thank goodness for that.  I don’t think I could handle more than one.”
After they, he was on top of her, right on the verandah floor, in full view of the buzzing traffic and the clouds and the warm sun and the fragrant breezes. “Gilly Girl, you can’t even handle this one….”
“Oh, yeah?” she whispered in his big floppy ears.  “Just try me, beefjerk.  I’ve been cooped up in a little kip’t the last two days.”

After some frantic love-making and then languidly enjoying each other for a few hours, both of them lay still on blankets, still on the verandah floor, straw mats askew.  Charley closed her eyes, taking in the smells—Rey’s deodorant…Lion Lips somethingorother…the sea breezes…the faint tang of the gin vapors still on his breath.
She began to doze off and her mind was filled with pleasant memories, most of them true….
The Circa had been the traditional rite-of-passage for Seomish midlings for as long as anyone could remember.  Charley’s parents insisted on it, even for their headstrong and willful Amphib daughter.  Adapted from the global circumnavigation that had always been observed on old Seome, it had lasted nearly a full year and it was a genuine test of Charley’s endurance and resourcefulness.  She was not allowed a kip’t and had to travel under her own power at all times, even though she occasionally hitched a ride on the backs of whales.  During this period, Charley had a lot of time to think and as she circumnavigated the Atlantic from pole to pole, the philosophy that would guide her in the years ahead began to take shape.  
Only one major crisis occurred during the Circa and it came shortly after Charley had crossed into the southern Atlantic.  Traditionally, midlings completing their Circa were allowed free passage through territorial waters unless they enter restricted zones, which were rare and well-marked, or unless they stopped for long periods at any one place.  Their position and progress were monitored closely from border to border.  They also had to steer clear of special zones marked by the humans, such as oil rigs and territorial fishing waters. 
Once in the south Atlantic, Charley turned to follow the great curve of the Mid-Atlantic ridge, as an aid to navigation.  While en route and remembering her earlier experiences chasing the whales, Charley decided to try something: she wanted to see if she was strong enough to reach the bottom of the abyss.  Near a section of the mid-Ridge just east of St. Helena Island, she tried and was successful at withstanding the painful high pressures, though not without a case of cramps. When she ascended again, though, she found a Ponkti patrol squad waiting.  They wanted to know what Charley was doing and wouldn’t believe her explanations.  It seemed that the Ponkti were conducting secret research in the area and they were suspicious of visitors.  They took Charley to a monitoring post not far away for questions and after a few days, they satisfied themselves that she was not a spy, which they knew anyway because all kels provide all other kels with an advance listing of who was on the Circa.  Charley was released to go on her way but with a sour taste about the Ponkti and a suspicion of them that would last.
The rest of the Circa was uneventful though she did spot more pods of whales and she returned to Keenomsh’pont a full month later, tired but happy.  She was a new person upon her return, an adult now, with a stronger sense of purpose.  After the ceremony of return, Charley consummated adulthood with the male of her choice, in this case, a childhood friend named Tulko kim. Later, she was pleased and intrigued by a present offered by her parents: a trip through the Atlantic Farpool, a sort of learning vacation, to a time of ancient Earth.  Completing this trip would complete the last of her schooling and it appealed to her sense of adventure as well.
The Farpool trip (“Ice Age Excursions”) would take Charley and several other midlings who had completed their Circas to a time in Earth’s past, around 50,000 BC.  One of the others on the trip was a human, an airbreather named Reynaldo Diaz.  Prepping for the trip, now a legal adult from her Circa, Charley became quite smitten with Reynaldo and their relationship deepened quickly.  Reynaldo’s parents were both utility engineers at Keenomsh’pont, originally a civil engineer and a teacher from Barcelona, Catalonia.
With commercial time travel now a going concern, the Farpool Service also began to intrigue Charley.  She now had two great loves in her life: getting to know Reynaldo better and figuring out how to become a Farpool pilot.
The trip was an extraordinary adventure, depositing Charley and the others for several days in central Europe with a tribe of hominids.  During this time, they participated in a mastodon hunt, watched the tribe attack another tribe of Neandertals and witnessed the installation of a new tribal chief after the first one had been killed in the attack.
Now just 16 years old when they returned to Keenomsh’pont in the 22nd century, Charley had already made up her mind to apply for Farpool Service when she turned 18 and become a pilot.  Reynaldo had other aspirations, mostly to be a great sports star, as he was an accomplished athlete in several sports and particularly loved megaball.
Charley finished her formal schooling with Net Tutor in mid-2187 and immediately applied to the Farpool Service.  She was turned down as an Amphib and experienced her first Amphib discrimination at the hands of the humans.  She was devastated.  She was also determined to get into the Service.
For several years, Reynaldo worked his way through megaball’s minor leagues and junior associations, traveling around the world, often with Charley in tow.  Charley took a variety of jobs that were open to Amphibs—a pipeline tech, custodial work on oil rigs, commercial fishing—none of which appealed to her.  She and Reynaldo never got married but lived together in dozens of places—Spain, Argentina, Indonesia, South Africa—and everywhere Charley experienced discrimination and often blatant racism against Amphibs.  
It was only when Reynaldo was offered a big-league contract for the English megaball team Dominion MC, that their peripatetic lives improved.  Dom MC was based in London and the two of them rented a flat there for a year.  It was a better life but Charley yearned for more.  It came right after Dom MC managed to win the World Cup in megaball in 2190.  During endless rounds of interviews and endorsements, Charley was often asked what she wanted to do with their new-found prosperity.  The next day after she had mentioned joining Farpool Service, she was accepted into the Farpool Academy at Keenomsh’pont.
A new chapter had begun in Charley’s life.  She was 20 years old and one of the first Amphibs allowed into the Service.
Training was rigorous but Charley was determined and she had been well hardened by her Circa.  Graduating in the top third of her class, she was assigned to a jumpship crew (the Pollux) operating out of Keenomsh’pont, which pleased her parents greatly.
Charley’s relationship with Reynaldo became more serious after he suffered a career-ending injury as a mid-backfielder for Dom MC.  He left the sport for awhile, bummed around Keenomsh’pont, then took a coaching and recruiting job for megaball team Mid-Atlantic MC out of Baltimore.  But Charley didn’t want to and couldn’t move to Baltimore; her duties with Farpool Service took her to many places and times, although K-Town was always home.
Keeping a relationship going long-distance was never easy and Reynaldo and Charley began to drift apart.  Even the fact that Reynaldo was human and Charley was Amphib began leading to difficulties, for the world around them was hardening into polarized factions: humans vs Amphibs vs Seomish.  Relations became somewhat strained between them and they didn’t see as much of each other as before, nor maintain as much contact.  
Then came the plague known as Purple.  

“Let’s eat,” Rey announced, bolting upright from the verandah floor.  “I could order something.”
Charley squinted at him, his broad shoulders backlit from the sun shining down on them.  “Or I could make something here, you were about to say.”
“Babe, did I say that?”
Charley hoisted herself up and kissed him hard.  “You don’t have to.  It’s all over your face.  You got Quesada?”
“Yep.”
“You got tortilla shells?”
“Yep.”
“Dinner in half an hour, beef-brain.”
Rey swatted her butt as she passed by.  He did that a lot.  “I’m a growing boy.”
“Yeah,” she left him with, “and some parts grow faster than others.”
They ate in silence for awhile, fish quesadas and beer, and Charley raised the question of a longer vacation.  “We need it.  You need it.  Remember when we talked about Florida.  About Scotland Beach.”
“Where your family’s from?  I remember.  Might be fun.  But with the season and the playoffs coming up, I—”
Charley waved him quiet with what was left of her quesada.  “I always wanted to visit where my grandfolks met.  When I was a toddler, I can still hear Grandpa Chase telling me stories of Apalachee High and Croc’s Corner.”  She smiled lasciviously.  “And Half-Moon Cove, where they made out.”
“Yeah, yeah, I don’t need to know all the details.”
That gave Charley a thought.  “Maybe you could get time off from the team, for the procedure.  You know, like a sabbatical.  Conicthyosis, remember?  You said you’d do it.  Rey, look at me—”
He finally fixed his delicious eyes on her.
“—you know I love you, but…you know…things…would be a lot easier if I had an Amphib lover.  And husband.”
Suddenly, Rey’s eyes averted away, first to his now-empty plate, then to the beer mug, which he picked up to lick frost from the rim, then to the view out the verandah window.  She winced when she saw how hard his swallow was.
“Charley, Gilly-Girl babe, you know I want that too.  We talked about this.  It’s just that…it’s the team, the players, the schedule….”
“Yeah, I know.  I know all that.  It’s always something, huh?”  Charley got up to go back inside, fix herself another drink.  
Reynaldo followed, tried wrapping his arms around her from behind.  “Babe, I just—”
But she squirmed free and turned to face him.  “Don’t, okay.  Just…don’t.”
Reynaldo backed off, threw up his hands.  “Hey, I just want us to be together.  The two of us.  Like a couple.”
“Well, so do I, beefjerk.”  She pushed away from the counter and stood in the doorway to the verandah, just glaring at him.  “You always told me you wanted to do this, go through the procedure.”
“I do.  I do.  But now’s not the right time.  We’ve got a big game in Vancouver—you know that—”
“Yeah, there’s always a big game.  Or a recruit you’ve got to baby.  Or training.  Or scouting some other team.  Honestly, Rey, I think you and I have different ideas about what ‘together’ means.”
“That’s not true…we’re supposed to be a—”
But he stopped when the echopod on Charley’s belt chimed.  She snatched it up to her ear and winced back at him.  “The Metah’s vizier.  Reminding me about the summons.  Rey, I’ve got to go.”  She threw back her drink and downed it one gulp.  “I’m expected.”
Reynaldo watched her bleakly as she went about gathering up her things, then she stopped at the apartment door and turned about.  
“Promise me something, okay?”
“Sure, Gilly-Girl…anything.”
“Think about this.  I mean really think.  Think about us.  Think about what this could mean for us.  We’d…I mean, I—”  but she didn’t have words to complete the thought.  If Rey couldn’t see it in her face, hear it in her words, get it through that thick head from her gestures—
Charley Meyer nodded silently and left.
Reynaldo Diaz just stared dumbly at the open door, then kicked it shut with a bare foot and flopped back onto the couch.  With an irritated hand wave, he got the volume back up and was soon engrossed in the second-half highlights of last night’s Munich-Liverpool game.

The Metah’s Petitioning Keep was at the base of the seamount and Charley dropped down through swirling, noisy crowds by following the contours of the mountain.  The trip took half an hour, made longer not only by the normal hordes of roaming kelke but swirling eddies and crosscurrents that always stirred up silt and made navigating hard.
The echopod she had received upon arriving gave explicit instructions for how and when to appear before the Metah of Omt’or, one Orkinah pel kel: Om’t, by name, now in the fifteenth mah of her glorious reign.  She found the Petitioning Keep readily enough, a few beats away from the base of the seamount.  It was cup-shaped depression in the seabed, surrounded by walls of brain coral teased into amusing and whimsical shapes, overtopped by an embroidered canopy and protected behind bubble curtains and squads of fierce prodsmen.  
Charley listened again to the scratchy voice on the echopod…it was old Oncolenia, the Metah’s vizier.  Shooki alone knew how old the woman was, for she had been attending Omtorish Metahs for what seemed like forever, right back to the time of the Emigration.
Oncolenia’s instructions had been explicit and most insistent: Charley was to do whatever it took to maintain shoo’kel…the inner peace and calm and tranquility that all Seomish prized and were taught from birth.  Charley had always thought that made sense.  Full-blooded Seomish could echo-probe inside each other at any time.  They knew what you’d been eating.  They knew what made you nervous, what made you happy, they knew when you’d coupled—and they did that a lot, the sluts—they knew from your inner bubbles when you were sad, determined or playful.
It was considered good form and proper courtesy to learn how to keep your insides under control…a tactic Charley had never learned as well as she should have.  It was true that the Seomish cut their Amphib acquaintances some slack on this, but still—to come before the Metah of Omt’or in a fretful jangle of nerves would just never do.
Approaching the Petitioning Keep, Charley’s stomach was still doing backflips and she felt a flock of birds fluttering around inside.
This was bad and she swore at herself.  She gritted her teeth and made her approach to the outer perimeter guard of prodsmen.
The Chief of the Guard stopped her and held out a forefin.  Momentarily flustered, she remembered the echopod—like official summons and orders, she realized—and handed the device over.  Saying nothing, the Chief listened carefully to the Metah’s voice issuing her summons.  Then he handed the pod back and gestured Charley to follow.
They penetrated the bubble curtain and Charley saw wizened old Oncolenia right away.  Their eyes locked and the vizier drifted over, exchanging a few words.  Oncolenia took Charley’s echopod and listened herself, nodding ever so slightly.
The Chief of the Guard dipped a beak and silently withdrew to the edge of the Keep.
There was constant motion around the Metah’s bed of seagrass fronds, which lay in the center.  Orkinah was attended by an ever-obsequious stream of servlings, plying her with food, drink, oils and lotions, whatever the Metah wanted. 
From time to time, a petitioner would be escorted into the Keep.  After presenting his echobulb, Oncolenia would listen gravely and then nod to the guard.  The vizier motioned the petitioner forward.  He would approach the Metah’s bed, nuzzle and stroke the Metah in the prescribed way and voice his concerns.  The Metah would then issue a verdict—petition granted or denied—and Oncolenia and the guards would then escort the kelke away with whatever had been decided.
Charley swallowed hard.  When the vizier motioned her forward, through the final bubble curtains, through dim light cast by drifting glowfish, Charley couldn’t even swallow.  Her mouth was dry, her insides churned like a volcano and one look at the vizier’s face only made it worse.
Charley nuzzled Orkinah, beak and face, then rubbed her ample belly.  The Metah bore ritual scars and tattoos along her dorsal and forefins.
But instead of lying supine while Charley voiced her reason for being there, Orkinah lifted herself ponderously from her bed and wheeled about to face Charley.
Out of the corner of her eye, Charley saw the vizier wince visibly at this breach of protocol.  But she said nothing.
Orkinah eyed Charley carefully, then drifted silently in a tight orbit around her, pulsing deeply, no doubt amused and probably offended by Charley’s roiling gut, probing for the telltale signs of deceit, treachery, suspicion or curiosity.  Finally satisfied, Orkinah snapped off orders.
“I will roam with this one.  Prepare the vish’tu.”
A flurry of motion followed, as Oncolenia and the prodsmen scrambled to obey.  When all was ready—for the Metah’s roams were an elaborate parade of well-scripted activities—Orkinah headed out through the bubble curtains.
Charley was grateful that before they departed, Oncolenia had brought waterjet pads to her, to be attached to her legs.  It was understood that no Amphib could ever be expected to keep up with a full-blooded Seomish adult in vish’tu.  Quickly shown how to operate them, Charley kickstarted her jetpads and follow the Metah out of the Keep.
The entourage soon turned into a sizeable convoy, not only with the Metah and Charley and her guard detail, but dozens, then hundreds of curious onlookers and residents soon joining the roam.  By the time they had propelled themselves beyond the outer ramparts of Keenomsh’pont, the convoy resembled a giant serpent with a long tail of chattering, laughing, honking and bellowing followers.
It was all done in the timeless Omtorish way.
For many minutes, Orkinah said little.  She was surprisingly agile, for an older, somewhat obese female, swerving and dipping, diving and plunging about as they orbited the seamount a few score beats above the seabed.  They passed over endless canopies and netting, covering most of the flanks of the mountain.  Every crevice and cave, every burrow and niche was occupied and built out in an explosion of huts and hovels, holds and habitats.  From time to time, the Metah would pause to taste some delicacy from a nearby café, or slide up to a ledge and squirt gisu into her mouth with a satisfying belch.  She seemed to know everybody who came up—“…old Deetok, so good to see you again, how’s the em’kel these days…”
Politicians are ever the same, on land or under the sea, Charley thought.  
They rose steadily up the slopes of the Muir seamount, and as the neighborhoods and boroughs of Keenomsh’pont thinned out, she turned her attention to Charley.
“The vish’tu does you good, young one.”
Charley flushed in embarrassment.  “I’m sorry, Affectionate Metah…I was so nervous—”
Orkinah waved a fluke at her.  “Not to worry.  Now, after we roam, I pulse you more calm now.  I have summoned you for a reason.  You know this?”
“Yes, Metah.”
Now, Orkinah stopped abruptly and stared straight at Charley, nearly causing a pileup as her guards had to swerve to avoid a collision.
They hovered in the strong down-currents sweeping through a narrow ledge behind them.  
“This is a grave time for Omt’or.  You know this.  I have received reports from our intelligence agents about a plan our fellow tukelke in Ponk’et are hatching.  A dangerous plan, this, and it reeks of something from the mind of Potereenah, Metah of Ponk’et.  You know of the great sickness in the Notwater…what the Tailless call The Purple?”
“I do, Affectionate Metah.  It’s bad topside.  The sickness is decimating the airbreathers.”  At Orkinah’s urging, Charley related what had recently happened at the Sea Council meeting in New York.  “The Ponkti are behind it, I’m certain of it.  But the airbreathers don’t really understand the conflicts between the kels.  All Seomish look alike to them.  Fishheads they call us.”
Orkinah sniffed and resumed the roam, forcing Charley to kick into high gear on her jetpads to keep up.  They continued their ascent, heading toward low-pressure waters, places Seomish normally didn’t venture. There were nervous mutterings from the guards behind them but Orkinah seemed unconcerned.  
The Metah described what she had learned from the Omtorish surveillance team.  “Potereenah plans to send a team into the Farpool, back in time, to old Seome.  She wants more mah’jeet toxin, to make the Purple stronger.  I have exchanged messages from other Metahs, the Sk’ort and the Eepkostic, and we all agree about this.  Potereenah and the Ponkti mean to dominate all the seas of Urku.  They mean to drive the Omtorish and the Skortish and all other kels to smaller and smaller areas, to contain us and then to eliminate us.  And they assist their airbreather allies—the Chinese—in doing the same on the land.  My seers and analysts are in agreement.  The relationship between the Ponkti and their airbreather allies has one goal: putting the Ponkti in charge of all Urku’s seas and the Chinese in charge of all of Urku’s lands.”
Orkinah stopped abruptly again, for the low pressure and growing light from above made further ascent dangerous.  She reached out and held tightly to Charley’s shoulders.
“This cannot be allowed to happen.”
Charley tried to respond diplomatically.  “Perhaps the Sea Council could—”
But Orkinah would brook no dissent.  “No, young one. It’s too late for that.  The Purple ravages the airbreathers more and more every day.  No, I am assigning you a vital mission.  Under my direction, a special team…a muh’pul’tekel…will be formed—”
Charley listened while trying to make sense of the term…it wasn’t familiar to her…a ‘plague group of anger?’ Or something like that.
Orkinah went on.  “I will give you an echopod when we return to the Keep.  It has all the details…my orders and directives, in my voice, your instructions, your crew.”
“Affectionate Metah, I’m honored.  What’s the mission purpose?  I’m not sure I’m really qualified for--”
Orkinah was forthright.  “Nonsense.  You are the only one qualified.  I believe this.  All the Kel’em believes this.  You will first be tekmetah to me, free-bonded as an agent of the Metah.  That gives you all the authority you need.  You and the muh’pul’tekel will travel through our local farpool back to old Seome, following the Ponkti traitors.  You must observe what they do and if necessary, prevent them from gathering more mah’jeet.  No one must bring more anymore mah’jeet or their toxin back to Urku.  We must work with the airbreathers, not destroy them.”
Charley gulped.  Why not just ask me to dive into the Marianas Trench?  Or climb Mount Everest?  That I could do.
“Affectionate Metah, of course, you honor me greatly but this is a very grave responsibility.  Perhaps your captain of guard, or someone else…even the Sea Council might be a—”
But Orkinah wouldn’t hear of it.  “No more discussion, young one.”  She waved at a nearby  guard, who scooted forward with a small capsule.  He gave it to Orkinah, who examined it cursorily and handed it to Charley.  “There isn’t time.  Take.  Drink my blood.  This completes the tekmetah and the free-bond.”
Free bond…yeah, right.  Charley took the capsule and at Orkinah’s urging, swallowed it.  It didn’t taste anything like Reynaldo’s gin concoction.  More like dolphin piss…or worse.
While her head swam and faces became blurred, the Metah went on.  Her voice sounded like it was coming through cotton.  Charley hovered, thankful for a guard’s steadying fins, tried to focus on what was being said.  
“…climbed this high to show you something…you see the fold in the seamount over there, maybe half a beat away?”
Charley tried to see but couldn’t focus her eyes.  “Yes, I see, Affectionate Metah,” she lied thickly, aware how slurred her own voice sounded, but no one seemed to care.
“…a special hold, a hangar, has been hollowed out and concealed.  Your ship is there.  You will meet your crew and begin training there...tomorrow.  Your echopod awaits you back in the Keep.”
In time—it seemed like hours for time had congealed—her vision and senses cleared.  Guided by the guards, they were already headed downslope, back to the Keep.
Before disappearing behind the bubble curtains into the Keep, the Metah’s final words hung like a seamother’s teeth between them.
“The muh’pul’tekel must not fail, Charley Meyer of Omt’or.  Soon I will work with the Sea Council and the main kels of the airbreathers to stop a project called Earthshield.  The airbreathers seek to stop the seas from rising but this is good for us.  We must let the sea levels continue to rise.”
With that, Orkinah pel kel: Om’t, Metah of the Urku Omtorish, disappeared behind bubbles and was gone.
Still groggy and dizzy, escorted away from the Keep, Charley decided to head up to her apartment in Muir City.  Maybe Reynaldo could make sense of all this. 

At first, she had thought the Metah’s story of a hidden hangar at the upper levels of the seamount was just a bad dream.  But she soon found out otherwise.  Approaching the fifty-beat depth level, Charley spied a small detail of prodsmen circling around an overhanging ledge.  
This must be it, she surmised.  She withdrew the echopod with the Metah’s orders and, when confronted as she approached, she handed it over.
One prodsman snatched the pod and activated it, listening carefully to the Metah’s sing-song instructions.  His face hardened and he gestured Charley on.
Quite surprisingly, another prodsman honked at some control embedded in the rocky slope.  A second later, a well-hidden hatch swung open, revealing a brightly-lit, submerged but cavernous space inside.  
The prodsmen gestured, and Charley went in.
The hangar bay was a vast open space, hewn right out of the interior of the mountain.  A jumpship sat moored to a cradle on the floor—a ship she had never seen before.  Workers floated, drifted and swarmed all over her, connected as she was by thick ganglia of cables, cords, tubes and lines to equipment scattered about.
Charley followed her prodsman escort up to a labyrinth of compartments and niches near the ceiling.  The prodsman indicated a wide opening near the center, partitioned off by bubble curtains.  Somewhat cautiously, she went in.
Inside, she found herself in a conference room, a briefing theater, now dry and air-pressurized.  A large pedestal of burnished stone dominated the room, serving as a table.  Three people sat around the table, two Farpool Squadron officers, one a civilian.
Charley immediately recognized Commodore Tonk’et tu kel: Om’t, commanding officer of the Squadron.  He stood as she entered, an impressive Amphib with massive gills flexing in the air.  She came to attention and saluted.
Tonk’et snapped off a return salute.  “At ease, Commander Meyer.  Be seated.  This is your training officer, Jump Captain Klatko—” he waved at another Amphib next to him, burly and scowling, “—and this is our Chief Engineer, Mr. Murchison.”
Charley nodded in the direction of the big-boned, ruddy-cheeked Texan, a veteran of many deep-sea oil drilling projects.  
“Welcome to Site V.”
“Site V, sir?”
That brought a smile to Tonk’et’s face.  “Site V…it’s for V’skort.  When this complex was first designed, one of the builders—Sk’ortish fellow, I forgot his name-- said it reminded him of the interior of a volcano—Ve’skort—on old Seome.  So…Site V.”
Charley couldn’t contain her amazement.  “Sir, I’ve been with Farpool Squadron for three years.  I never knew of this place.”
Tonk’et nodded.  “That’s good.  The whole place is secret, in fact, the facility and you and me and everything and everyone inside is tekmetah…bound to the Metah in strictest secrecy.  A perfect place to plan and train for Operation Tonk’ro.”
“Tonk’ro, sir?”
“The classified name of this little mission you’ve been assigned to.  For the next five days, depending on events, you and your crew will be staying inside Site V.  You’ll train here, check out equipment and weapons here, plan your mission here, go over tactics and details, eat, sleep and piss…all of it right here.”
Charley thought about Reynaldo.  He and the team had a big game coming up in Vancouver.  He’d be departing in a few days.
“No liberty, sir?”
Tonk’et said brusquely.  “Liberty chits will be issued as the situation permits.  Twelve hours at a time, no more.  We all have a lot of work to do and we’re monitoring sources our intelligence people from F2 have in place in the far seas, watching what the Ponkti do.  It shouldn’t be a secret that your mission is to follow the Ponkti into the Farpool and keep them under surveillance.  We’re monitoring their repeater nets, their ootkeeor signals, we even have our own eyes and ears inside Ponkel’te—” Tonk’et smiled, “…disguised, of course.  We’ve managed to insinuate a few agents inside certain, shall we say, slightly modified tillet cows.  The Ponkti use them for ferrying cargo and freight around, same as us.  This allows us the ability to know what’s going on all the time.  Come on, Meyer, let’s go outside and meet your ship and crew.”
Charley followed the officers and Murchison through the bubble curtain and out of the briefing compartment. Murchison hurriedly zipped up his lifesuit and discharged a stream of annoyed bubbles at having to enter the water zone. The water was cold and dense inside the hangar.  Tonk’et stopped suddenly.  Charley swallowed a few times to get the pressure in her ears equalized.
“See that far wall, Commander?”
“I do, sir.” Meyer nodded, observing a sheer rock wall at the far end of the cavern.  Workers swarmed over its face.  Some seemed to disappear into crevices, with others emerging suddenly out of the wall in other places. 
“Beyond that wall is another hangar bay, big as this one.  That’s your training field.  Klatko--?”
The training officer-captain waved his forearms about, a proud sneer on his face.   “There’s a full-scale jumpship mock-up in there.  Plus, classrooms, shops, a simulation tank, a live-fire range, an armory and additional equipment rooms and studios.  You’ll do all your training in there.”
“And there’s not a moment to waste,” Tonk’et added.  “Come on.  Let’s get aboard Azhtu.”
Odd name for a ship, Charley thought.  From memory, she recalled the name came from  Seomish mythology, a terrible serpent granted dominion by Shooki over the Notwater, the Highwater and the Deepwater, in exchange for peace and tranquility in the Middlewater.  More generally, she remembered, the word could be used to mean any form of evil especially in unknown waters.  There were legends of renegade kels roaming the Serpentines on old Seome who worshipped Azhtu.
Not particularly auspicious for a Squadron jumpship, but what the hell do I know?
They drifted down to the hangar floor.  At Tonk’et’s urging, and awkwardly encased in his lifesuit, Murchison took over the explanations.  His voice was thin and tinny, like it was coming from a great distance.
The engineer briefly explained how Azhtu had come into being.  Six weeks of twenty-four- hour days had been needed.  Muir City, and later Site V, had been a beehive of activity as Ops, Engineering, Munitions, and other departments bent to the task of fleshing out the jumpship’s design and the details of the mission plan that would employ it. Before the crew had even been named, Tonk’et himself routinely put in eighteen and twenty-hour days, working at times in the Sim Tank wargaming every possible detail of the mission, studying topographic details of the known time streams, arguing with engineers and machinists in the shops over the ship’s design and fittings and working with techs at the labs to optimize the ship’s singularity engine for traversing time streams that few had ever followed before.   
As July had rolled into August (the Omtorish called it the Epoch of Kel’vishtu), Commodore Tonk’et had conducted daily briefings and unannounced strolls through the labs and shops.  Grimly determined, he could see that the whole compound was mobilized to support the Tonk’ro mission.
They’re good kids, he told himself after one late afternoon inspection of the ship, now encased in scaffolding and catwalks on the ground floor of Site V’s Hangar A.  They’ll get the mission accomplished, one way or another.  
He thought grimly as he drifted back to the glass cube of the Ops center.  They have to.  There’s too much at stake to fail now.
Bit by bit, beams and spars and panels and struts and framing came together and the  jumpship gradually took shape inside the hangar. By the first week of August, she was powered up for the first time and Tonk’et and a select crew tested her for fit and function, exercising her flow vanes, propulsors and cycling the singularity core on and off.
Murchison motioned Charley to follow him onboard, through the aft lockout.  Commodore Tonk’et and training officer Klatko followed.  Gratefully, Charley found they had entered a dry zone again.  The engineer hurriedly peeled off his helmet, then climbed up onto the command deck and motioned Charley to sit beside him in the cockpit, while a trio of electricians pulled wiring bundles through the forward consoles.
“She’ll be ready for maneuvering exercises in two days, Commander.  We’re hauling her over to the Hangar B over the weekend.” To Tonk’et, he asked.  “You got a test crew ready?”
Tonk’et had always enjoyed burying himself in the details and was checking off switches and buttons against a diagram he had spread across his knees.  “I’ll be part of the test crew, Murch.  It won’t be a normal test.  We don’t have the time.  Just hook Azhtu up to the Sim tank.  We’ll do all tests inside Site V.”
Murchison nodded, though he was clearly unhappy about the prospect.  “Soon as the engineers okay the test core, we’ll load her up and put her to work.  The test conductor has already laid out a test plan for you…some local time streams and some further out.”  He handed over a map of the test protocol to Tonk’et.
The Commodore studied the test protocol for a few moments, following the track through the time streams with his finger.  Though Azhtu would remain physically moored inside Hangar B, the test jump would take the ship from her launch point at Bay 2, along a serpentine route across time streams T-001 and T-002, eventually diving through a known temporal anomaly called Newton’s Jaws.  The test then had the ship circling through several known rifts and time shoals, tunneling her way across multiple substream eddies at a ‘depth’ of two days into the future, before ‘circling’ back toward the hangars at Site V.
“This should put her through her paces, Murch.  How’s she coming along?”
Murchison shrugged, pulled out a small thoughtpad and checked files.  “Power plant full-up test this afternoon, Commodore.  We’re still tracking down a current leak in the batteries, but that should be fixable.  Tomorrow, we hang her vanes and motors on; they’re powered up in two days.  It’s tight but we’re getting there.”   The Texan shook his head ruefully, patted the instrument panel and played with her controls like a child.  “I don’t mind telling you, Commodore…up until a week ago, I never thought this contraption would work.  I mean…look at her…it ain’t natural doing what she’s doing, going where she’s going.”
“You mean splashing around time streams like a…porpoise?”  Tonk’et chuckled.  “That’s what we should name her, don’t you think…something like F.S.S. Dolphin. That name fits, doesn’t it?”  
The Commodore went on. “The way I look at it, maneuvering through time is no different than maneuvering through air or water,” he lied.  Or, for that matter, through atoms and molecules.  “It’s just another medium.  Farpool Squadron has to stay focused on the mission, on the target.”  He squeezed the control stick affectionately.  “This baby’s just our ride to the show.”
Murchison was already climbing down from the command deck, off to check on some parts in the shop.  
“I’ll make sure she’s a good ride, Commodore.  Don’t you and the guys worry none about that.”
Tonk’et motioned Charley to follow him aft, down the ship’s central gangway.  “Let’s meet your crew, Commander.  They should be in the crew’s mess.”
The mess compartment was held dry for the time being, and it was crammed and stuffy.  Faces stiffened and the crew came to attention as Tonk’et stuck his head inside.
“As you were, kelke.  This is Jump Commander Meyer.  She’ll be Azhtu’s skipper for this little jaunt.”
One after another, the crew members introduced themselves.  Charley soon realized that half the battle would be getting this diverse group of jumpers to meld into a functioning unit.  On the good side, she found during the intros that many of the younger, mostly Amphib commandos were intensely curious about old Seome, the mother world. She figured she could use that when the time came.  On the bad side, half were Amphib and half full-blooded Seomish.  The Seomish glared at her through the helmets of their lifesuits. 
First was Azhtu’s pilot-system operator, the PSO.  His name was Yaktu-James kel: Om’t and he was a burly Amphib who brooked no nonsense, as he sat back with his arms crossed, scowling at Charley, gills flapping vigorously.
Next came Perlin lu kel: Sk’ort, a Skortish female who would be the Navigator-Positioner.  Meyer could see Perlin was intense.  She managed to pulse a vortex of bubbles inside the N-P, surely a compact little tornado ready to burst out at any time.
Better keep that one under close supervision, Charley decided.
The Containment Systems tech (CS1) was Keenok ka kel: Om’t, not an Amphib but a full-blooded Seomish male.  Charley had encountered Keenok before, working with Keenomsh’pont’s Public Security Bureau.  Keenok knew everything there was to know about nanoscale bots and how to use them.
Yaktu ko kel: Orket was one of two Orketish among the crew.  From her Net Tutor days, Charley knew the Orketish were known for being even-tempered traders and merchants, at least on old Seome.  Yaktu would be their Quantum Systems tech.
The final crew member was the Defense Systems Operator, the DSO.  Terpy’t tom kel: Orket was a kelmate of Yaktu, both being Orketish.  Terpy’t was also Amphib and proud of it.  The DSO seemed a steady, reliable type, Charley told herself, one you could count on if things got a little rough.
I hope it doesn’t come to that, she told herself, but with the Ponkti, you had to be ready.
Tonk’et turned over matters to Klatko, the training officer.  He excused himself from the hangar and vanished.
Klatko was curt and to the point.  “Training starts tomorrow at 0600 hours.  Right here.”  He dismissed the crew.  

The training was scheduled to last a week.  Charley and her crew trained in Farpool ops, lifeship procedures (learning every system and piece of gear aboard Azhtu), small-unit tactics and weapons like prods, stunners, scentbulbs, mah’jeet sacs, sound grenades and using the snake-like k’orpuh in close-quarters engagements.
The crew went about their training with visible relish.  A good bunch, Charley convinced herself late one day, nursing a gisu bulb in the hangar’s canteen looking down on the floor, with Azhtu still wrapped in cables and scaffolding.  Business-like, dedicated, resourceful.
She wondered how they would react under the pressure of real conflict.
We’ll find out soon enough, she thought.  Klatko had scheduled their graduation exercise for the very next day…a live-fire engagement with Muir City Public Security acting as the opfor.  She realized it was best to shake out any bugs, weaknesses and deficiencies now, before Azhtu went spinning off into the Farpool.

If there was one thing a good Omtorish prodsman never failed to despise, it was walking around in the Notwater in full gravity inside a garbage can the engineers liked to call a mobilitor.  By the whiskers of old Shooki, Klatko kee kel: Om’t had decided he would never get used to being cooped up inside one of these contraptions like some kind of pillfish from the icewaters of the Omtor’kel.  Better to roam free and easy through the waters like normal and feel the sweet tickle of the currents, the way normal life was meant to be.  He’d barked at the brass long and loud to keep the hangar flooded for this exercise, but he’d been overruled anyway.  Life in the Farpool Squadron was like that.  
But Klatko knew full well that what was happening here in Keenomsh’pont was anything but normal.
Operation Tonk’ro was about to commence and for that, Klatko was grateful beyond words, for word had come down from the Squadron’s F2 intelligence shop that the despicable grungefish called Ponkti were close to departing through their own Farpool for old Seome.  
If this doesn’t go well, he reminded himself, it’s my head and the crew of Azhtu would likely be sent into action anyway, with all kinds of questions about what they could and couldn’t do.  Meyer’s a good skipper but the rest-- 
Klatko scanned the detachment hovering about on the deck below him, while overhead small seadrones flitted about like the infernal creatures the airbreathers called flies, snapping vids and keeping some semblance of order.  Klatko figured the sooner the troops could be sent on their way and their energies focused on the opfor, the sooner they’d stop bitching and moaning and fighting each other.  Thankfully, Muir City Public Security had agreed to furnish a small defensive force to serve as opfor to support the exercise.  Having to face a real live opponent whose chief aim was to hurt you had a way of fixing one’s attention rapidly.
The training officer wondered just how well this mixed force would do, but then that’s what combat was like now on this cursed world of Urku…joint task forces, combined arms, sometimes airbreathers and Amphibs and Seomish kels all mixed together like stew.  Already he had personally squelched half a dozen brawls between Seomish and the Amphibs; no one trusted Amphibs these days but they were needed in Operation Tonk’ro for their ability to move easily in water and on land.  Some of the Amphibs, especially Yaktu and Terpy’t, were modified prodsmen that Klatko had known from the time they were midlings and he knew them as particularly tough and violent.  They remembered how airbreathers had once treated the Sea People in the first years after the Emigration and this was an opportunity for revenge. 
Maybe some friction was normal between Seomish kelke and Amphibs, but Klatko had seen to it that any serious conflict was quickly squashed before anybody really got really hurt.
Now the Squadron commander…Tonk’et…was speaking to the crew, through a remote vid hookup from his command ship dozens of kilometers away.  Klatko listened but only halfway…he was anxious to be underway but it was the nature of brass in any world’s army to make long-winded speeches.  He tried to stay still in his mobilitor but really his body was tired and he needed to be back in the water.
“…to be avoided if at all possible…” Tonk’et was saying.  His face floated overhead, projected from drones like a 3-D ‘god’ explaining commandments to his flock.  “Casualties are to be minimized…In this exercise, Muir City has several thousand civilians being held ‘hostage.’  The bulk of the enemy’s force is concentrated in Farpool Ops…that’s levels 04 and up, all the way to 01.  All your fire should be concentrated there…we’ll let swarms screen off any strays elsewhere.  Now as to unit orders, your commander has—”
Here Klatko pulled a small slate from his mobilitor belt and tapped a few keys.  He clicked into his echopod and a high-volume rally cry burst forth, tuned to the special frequency for his force.  Obediently, the troopers gathered around, some in mobilitors, some in the waters swirling around the jumpship, some clinging to ladders and guide cables strung across the top of the ship.  Six in all, divided into two squads for the combined arms assault on their sector.
Klatko went over the particulars in detail, making sure that everything was well understood, which was not something to be taken for granted with such a crazy stewpot of a force.  Nothing was omitted: unit objectives, call signs and passwords, fields of fire, how to treat prisoners and civilians, the rules of engagement, cas-evac procedures, everything.
One amphib drifting above the tailpod of Azhtu had a question.  It was Perlin, the Skortish N-P.
“Commander Klatko, what happens if the intakes are blocked?”
Klatko glared back.  “Navigator Perlin, you do have the brains of a sea cow.  Where were you during the last two days of training?  If the intakes are blocked, you will use your tactical swarms to unblock them…that’s why you have tactical swarms.  Clear?”
“Uh…yes, sir.”
Despite the rumbling discontent, Klatko had come to have pride in his polyglot outfit, composed as it was of Omtorish prodsmen, Orketish inductees and Seomish amphibs.
A horn sounded—the Load Up signal—and the Hammerheads, for that was the name the crew had chosen for themselves—boarded their small fleet of kip’ts.  The trip from the hangar inside the seamount to Muir City’s lower levels would take about an hour—an hour to reach the tango point, assembly and staging Point Lima, just at the edge of the guyot that was Muir seamount.  To make the crossing without detection, the Hammerheads would be acoustically screened by several Omtorish kip’ts pinging away with active sonar but Klatko was old school and put more faith in the raucous, bellowing and honking of two seamother calves the Omtorish had brought to the waterfront off Muir City.  Klatko knew that, properly ‘motivated,’ the puk’lek calves would make enough racket to drown out an entire navy.
Nobody wanted to take any chances with what Intel said the opfor might be able to see or hear.
As the kip’ts submerged and motored into assault position, through light cross-currents toward the rolling hills that fronted the seamount, Klatko mentally ticked off every last item of preparation he could think of: their weapons…electric prods, sound stunners, scentbulbs with disabling odors, sacs of mah’jeet, the toxic micro-organisms specially bred for airborne dispersal now, even a few deadly k’orpuh snakes transported in holdpods and set to be released the moment the Hammerheads had breached their way into Muir City’s lower utility decks.
Six in all, the Hammerheads had one mission: to enter Intake C, which drew in tons of water every minute for cooling and desalinizing, breach its interior walls and spread out along several well-defined sectors of Muir City’s lowest utility decks, neutralize any opfor resistance, treat ‘injured hostages’ and secure the area.  He was sure Muir City Public Security would have a few nasty surprises in store for his trainees. 
All timed to the minute and expected to be concluded in less than an hour.
The multi-level Muir City platforms were perched atop the seamount like some massive mother hen about to lay eggs.  Much of the structure was underwater, including her massive water intakes A through D.  Some ten decks rose above the waves to a conical taper, like a ship superstructure and sat astride the guyot in a series of concentric towers, masts, spires, and turrets, adorned with all manner of parapets, ramparts, keeps, holds and bulwarks, as if the city were a medieval fortress overlooking the King’s countryside.
They made tango at Point Lima in good order and Klatko ordered all craft to bottom just behind a fold of volcanic tuff, hiding behind a natural barrier of lava mounds and long-frond sea grass waving in the tricky cross currents and swirling sediment that covered the edges of the seamount.  The training commander had made numerous trips to this zone of chaos since he had first been given this assignment.  He figured he knew the waters well enough.  
What he didn’t know was what kind of reception the opfor from Muir City had prepared for them.  From Point Lima, a well-conditioned Seomish male could make the objective—Intake C—in less than a minute, the Amphibs in perhaps three.  The distance wasn’t that great; maybe two beats, or as the airbreathers would say, about five hundred meters. 
But a lot could still go wrong with this whole stunt in that single long minute.
Klatko checked and synchronized his timekeep.  Less than five minutes to go.  He strained to hear what he hoped to hear, listening for the repeater’s signal, telling them H-hour had finally come.  
And when it did come as a sharp staccato series of honks from the repeaters, Klatko uttered a sharp bark of his own and as one, the Hammerheads rose from their defilade position and surged forward.

The after-action report was held inside Hangar B, with Klakto and Admiral Tonk’et in attendance.  It was a sobering exercise in calling out mistakes and misjudgments—no one’s feelings were spared-- but conducted with enough sensitivity to avoid denting the professional pride of the crewmembers.
“Yaktu,” Klatko reviewed vid footage of their approach, “you were slow in moving to secure your assigned sector—that led to needless casualties.”
Yaktu, their Quantum Systems tech, acknowledged the criticism glumly.  “There were cross-currents, sir…I lost my bearing for a moment—”
“And as a result, Keenok here suffered a ‘combat injury.’  The referees ruled him a casualty, out of the fight.  You were lucky to make it to Point C in time to join the other squad.  Don’t let conditions slow you down.”
“Yes, sir.”
“And Commander Meyer—“
Charley’s head perked up.
“—your squad wasn’t positioned correctly to advance on the impellers. Opfor got off some good shots.”
“But sir,” Charley protested, “we reached our objective.  Just one casualty—me.”  She winced at the lingering soreness in her arm and neck, for the Muir City opfor had loosened a stinging response in the form of a sonic suppressor barrage.  Her ears had been bleeding for a day as a result.
“Reached it, yes, but your strength was down by a third.  Referees ruled you couldn’t have taken that objective at your strength.”
“But, sir—”
Klatko waved a fin at them, shutting down all talk.  “That’s enough for today.  On balance, the exercise achieved what it was supposed to: expose problems, shake out the kinks, hone your reflexes.  We’ll finish this tomorrow, then—time permitting—set up another exercise for the day after.  I want a sharp crew onboard Azhtu when she departs.”
After dismissal, Charley went up to Klatko, who was powering down an echopod that had recorded the debrief.
“Yes, Commander, what is it?”
“About my request for liberty, sir-“
Klatko stared evenly at her.  “I was hoping you would have some time to go over some details with me later.  This is important?”
Charley figured a last meeting with Reynaldo before he shipped out to Vancouver and the big game was very important.  “Very much, sir.  A personal matter.”
Klatko studied Charley from head to foot, as if he were sizing up a catch.  “Commander, your crew performed okay in the exercise.  But we both know ‘okay’ isn’t good enough, not where you’re going.  We’re all tekmetah here.  We can’t let the Metah down…you know that.  I don’t have to remind you that any trip through the Farpool has risks.  And going back to old Seome, before the ak’loosh, to confront the Ponkti…well, let me say the Tonk’ro team needs to be at the top of their game to have any chance at success.”
“Yes, sir.  I know that, sir.”  Charley chose her words carefully.  “I think the crew’ll come around.  It’s just they’re a little--”
“—a little rough with each other.  Abrasive.  I’ve seen it too.  Seomish versus Amphib…” Klatko did something like a shrug, but didn’t quite pull it off.  “It’s everywhere. It’s in the air, it’s in the water.  But that conflict can’t be allowed to affect the integrity and performance of the crew.  Somehow, you’ll have to overcome that and find a way to work out your differences.  The mission demands it.  Hell, your own survival demands it.”  Klatko could see his words were getting Meyer down.  He reached out, placed a firm forefin on her shoulders.  “Go on your liberty, Commander.  Twelve hours.  Be at my office at 2100 hours tonight.  I’ve got some ideas on the next exercise I want to try out on you.”
“Yes, sir.” Charley saluted and immediately headed out of the hangar.  She went back to her quarters a deck below, cleaned up and got on the lift for her and Rey’s apartment up in Muir City.

She found him packing for the Vancouver trip. 
For a brief moment, they just stood there in the bedroom, ten feet apart, studying each other like specimens in a lab.  
It was Rey who made the first move, slid over to give her a peck on her bony face.  Charley pecked back, and realized she wanted—she needed—more than a peck.  But he went back to his packing.  Shirts were thrown in, shoes, a jacket she’d pleaded with him to toss out, then more shirts, underwear.
“How’s training going?”
Charley shrugged.  Amphibs never could pull that off, but she’d learned to do it as a child.  “Okay, I guess.  Just finished a live exercise.”
“And?”
Charley came over, plopped on the foot of the bed, to get a little closer.  “A little rough.  We’re coming together, but it takes time to meld a team.”
Reynaldo smirked.  “Same as megaball.  I’m not sure MidAtlantic’s ready for Vancouver.”
“When do you leave?”
“Tonight.  I have to be at the lifter port at six p.m.  Then off to New York, and hyperjet to Vancouver.”
Charley found her fingers playing with some socks inside his bag.  “I was kind of hoping we could get dinner, you and me.  Maybe that place up on the Promenade…what was it called?”
“Uh, you mean Surfview?  That’s pretty pricey.  I guess we could…but I don’t have a lot of time.”
“No, you never do,” Charley reached out and removed Rey’s hands from his luggage.  With  her other hand, she closed the suitcase, then just looked up at him, studying that big wavy hair and the fathomless black eyes…she’d often imagined falling into those eyes, falling and falling and falling….
“Charley—”
“You know we need to talk, Rey.  I know there are games and a season and I’ve got this mission, but we really need to hash this out.  Human and Amphib…it just gets harder and harder.  I hear things, I hear people talking behind my back, they think I don’t hear it but I do.”
Reynaldo squeezed her hand, then gently removed it so he could open the suitcase back up. 
“Remember that trip where we met…Ice Age Excursions?”
Anything to change the subject.
“Yeah, of course.  I thought you were a big stuck-up snotjob.   Too good for the rest of us.”
That made him laugh and Charley quietly pumped a fist.  Score one…. “I thought you were going to get smashed to pieces by that mastodon.”
Rey chuckled.  “I thought the tribe was going to make me the new chief.  I didn’t need that.”
They looked at each other, saying nothing for a moment, across the bed and the suitcase.  
Charley decided to try another tack.  “You know I could be leaving on this mission at any time.”
Reynaldo finished packing.  “I know.  How long will you be gone?”
“It’s open-ended.  Depends on the situation.  That’s how the Squadron is.”  She sat down on the corner of the bed.  “I’d like to get this decided.”
He shrugged, went groping in a dresser for things he didn’t need, threw more stuff in the bag.  “Charley, you’ve told me this conicthyosis procedure takes several days and the recovery is two to three weeks.  The team’s right in the middle of the season.  You know I can’t take that kind of time off.  What if something goes wrong?”
“You big beefjerk, nothing will go wrong.  Thousands do this every year.  Besides, doing this will…you know…bring us closer.  Our children would be born Amphibs.”
“Yeah, and all my friends will leave me.  Froggy, I kind of like me the way I am.  And you’re wrong about both of us as Amphibs being better for us.  Humans can still go places Amphibs aren’t welcome.”
Charley’s lips tightened.  She forced her fists to unclench.  Reynaldo was right but that didn’t make it right.  “That’s changing.  Amphibs are more influential every year.  They’re…we’re…taking over.”
“So I noticed.  That’s what Purple’s all about, isn’t it?  I’ve heard the stories, same as you—”
“Rey, don’t be an ass, okay?  And just so you know, all the public health people…WHO, CDC, all of them, say Amphibs don’t catch Purple.  Besides—” she knew he couldn’t resist this—“…you’d be a hit as an Amphib.  You could play again.  You’d be the first Amphib megaballer.”
Rey brightened and conceded the point.  But his face clouded over again.  “My family would disown me if I did this.  My father was a civil employee, very strict Catalonian, very correct in what he believed in, very Catholic.  He’d never go for this.”
“Bullshit.  Your family will accept your decision.  And my family will welcome you.  Look, your Pa has already accepted me.”
Reynaldo acknowledged that.  “It wasn’t easy at first.  And it’s not like we’re married or anything.”
Now we’ve come down to it, Charley figured.  “Well, about that…I think we should—”  but  her words were interrupted by a chime on her wristpad.  She glanced down, tapped the screen.
It was Commodore Tonk’et, looking very grave.
“Commander, this is an official call to stations.  Sorry.  Get your Amphib ass down to Hangar B on the double.”
“Sir…yes, sir.  What’s up?”
Tonk’et’s gills flapped anxiously.  He rubbed fingers across his face.  He was visibly sweating, and laboring for breath.  “Just got word from F2.  Intel says the Ponkti ship has just entered their farpool, the Pacific Farpool.  Azhtu has to launch now, in one hour.”
Charley swallowed hard.  “Be right there, sir.”  The screen went dark and she looked up at Reynaldo, who had turned pale.
“That’s it, then, isn’t it?  You’re on your way?”
Charley nodded grimly.  
She stood up.  They said nothing but by some unspoken need, Reynaldo and Charley flew into each other’s arms.  
They embraced hard, for a long time.  Both had the same unsaid fear…that it might be the last time.  
Chapter 5

United Nations Sea Council
New York City, East River Pavilion
August 10, 2195
48.7 Epoch of Kel’vishtu

The Sea Council was in formal session and it had long since descended into chaos and contentious debate. The purpose of the session was to select candidates from the delegates to stand before the General Assembly and run for Secretary-General.  One possible candidate put forth by the kel Omt’or was their own Amphib engineer, one Klekto kesh kel: Om’t.
But many Council members didn’t want an Amphib for S-G. 
Dr. Joseph Ruyter, the incumbent S-G, looked on as final preparations were made to the floating pavilion just off the East River pier.  A hundred meters out into the sluggish river, a canopied structure had been anchored to the riverbed twenty meters below, surrounded on all sides by partitions but open to the water and the elements.  
Today, the first day of the quarterly Sea Council session, it was raining and the towers of Roosevelt Island were barely visible in the mist, along with the looming bulk of the Queensboro Bridge overhead.
Ruyter blinked mist out of his eyes and cinched up his rain coat further.  It was mild, but windy along the waterfront and he eyed Colonel Joleen Warner standing next to him on the pier, doing likewise.
Warner, the American delegate, shivered in the chill.  “We use to call this weather something only the ducks would love.”
Ruyter smiled faintly.  “Ducks and Amphibs.  Hopefully, this will make them feel more at home…ah, look, isn’t that one of their craft now, surfacing just beyond the pier?”
A rounded hump had appeared just off the pier.  The Seomish kip’t circled the pier for a moment, while the UNISEA director communicated with the craft by signaler.  It was a crude method but after some confusion, the kip’t maneuvered inside the floating pavilion and docked there.  Ruyter, Warner and the rest of the Sea Council then boarded small boats themselves for the short ride out to the conference pavilion.
The pavilion was closed on three sides with partitions and open to the sea on the fourth side.  A tarpaulin-like ceiling covered the structure, creaking and ruffling in the breezes.  Rows of benches with built-in desks lined the three closed sides.  Candidate Klekto brought his kip’t into the center of the inner pool, docked to a column there and popped the hatch.  He climbed out, looking for all the world like a bad dream, a frog on steroids with an enlarged head.  He was alone.  
With Ruyter presiding, the Sea Council took up the list of candidates before them.  There were delegates from many nations and from water nations, too, including Nereus, Neptunia and Equatoria.  The Equatorian delegate was actually a Ponkti Amphib, one Trokanah tu kel: Ponk’et.  Ruyter had met her once at Reed Banks in the South China Sea, where the Equatorian sea-state usually cruised.
The S-G spoke first.  “You’ve all read the candidates’ curriculum vitae by now.  What are your concerns and questions?”
Discussions erupted quickly.  Many delegates were skeptical of supporting any of the candidates, especially with the Purple plague spreading around the world. 
Colonel Warner spoke for many when she said, “The real question is whether we humans  can we work with any of them…can we even understand them?  There’s been a lot of animosity, charges and countercharges back and forth between humans and Seomish and Amphibs.  My government doesn’t like any of the candidates.”
Trokanah was annoyed with that.  “No one minded when Seome was destroyed.  No one here cares what happens to Seomish.  My kel came through the Kel’vishtu because we wanted to live.  Here—” Trokanah shook her armfins at them “—we’re treated like animals.  Like your fish, hunted down for sport, confined to certain seas, penned up like criminals…we’ve done nothing…except try to survive.  You would do the same.”
The Russian delegate, Melekhin, objected.  “Nobody asked you to come.  You’ve taken over the richest areas of our oceans.  You interfere with our fishing, our drilling, our exploring…just last month, a Russian ferry was attacked outside Vladivostok…your serpent beasts nearly capsized her.”
Ruyter held up a hand.  “Delegates…delegates, please…let’s be civil here.  We’re supposed to be a deliberative body.”
More discussions ensued, with shouts, fists, one overturned desk, splashing into the water.  Ruyter found it expedient to organize votes, to focus their minds on the issue.
The Amphib delegates were divided.  Neptunians supported Klekto, the Omtorish candidate.  Nerean delegates opposed him.  After rancorous discussion and table pounding, the Americans supported him.  The Russians opposed him.  The Chinese delegate, Hu Guofeng was intrigued and offered few comments for the time being.
The Ponkti delegation, headed by Vikto vee, was adamantly opposed to any Amphibs as S-G.  Vikto rose up out of the water in full mobilitor and stood before the U-shaped table like a prehistoric beast dripping wet, the volume of his echopod turned up to a screech.
“Shkkrreeah…it is time for full Seomish…full Ponkti…delegate to be selected.”
The Eep’kostic delegate joined in, another mobilitor, more screeching.  “The Purple and the changes in the seas make it imperative…Humans, people of the Notwater, must stand aside…make way for what is to come.”
Debates and shouts followed.  Fingers were pointed.  Forefins were slammed on the table and in the water, drenching everybody.  
The Omtorish delegate, a female named Likte, held tightly to Kletko, as if he were a prize catch and announced, “Humans and Seomish can surely work together.  Kletko here is the one best suited to bridge all our divisions, differences and conflicts.  I know he will serve all interests equitably.”  Likte seemed to have managed her echopod with a little more nuance, for her voice lowered.  “Isn’t it true that Amphibs, by their very nature, are best suited to live and work in both the Notwater and the sea?”
The debate intensified and seemed destined to break down into threats and physical confrontations when the Session was disrupted by an unruly mob that had gathered in and under the East River outside the pavilion.  Dozens of boats and subsurface skimmers darted around the river end of the pavilion, dodging NYPD and Sea Council patrol craft, throwing smoke and flash grenades into the proceedings.  The guards fought back, trying to form a barrier around the pavilion but they were steadily overwhelmed by sheer numbers and in minutes, some of the crowd had forced their way inside the Pavilion.  
The mob roiled and throbbed like a frenetic horde, as one, surging again and again against the Pavilion and the police barricade.  Beside the pavilion, NYPD Police Inspector Shadrick Nziri barked more commands into a wristphone, re-deploying his men to tighten the barrier.
Solnet reporter Evelyn Ndinka found herself shoved almost right into the Pavilion, pressed hard against the barriers, nearly face to face with a row of Sea Council and NYPD officers.  The officers were shoving back just as hard at the crowd, batons and shockwands flailing.  She wrestled her arm free and checked out the view from the dronecams on her wristpad.
The crowd was surging forward, frenetic, screaming and fainting, pressing against the stage like ocean waves battering a beach.  She was startled to see some of them climbing on the shoulders of others, launching themselves through the air.
This is mad, this is insane, she told herself.  Instinctively, she ducked down and started wriggling through tiny spaces and niches, close to the ground, worming her way away from the Pavilion.  Self-preservation took over.  After a few moments, she found a void and surfaced, standing up between two obese women who were swaying and chanting as they gazed down at the melee.
Ndinka steered Dronecam Four as close as she dared to the Pavilion.  
Bit by bit, the police cordon shrank and contracted.  Now the Ponkti delegate Vikto had finished his speech and with a flourish, waved his arms toward Trokanah, who stood and beamed in the glow of the moment.  
His amplified voice screeched with feedback and was drowned in the deafening roar of the crowd, which surged forward with renewed fury.  It was like a rock concert mixed with religious revival, amplified a thousand-fold.  The dronecams captured everything: people wailing, fainting, shrieking, even dying in the crush.  The crowd became a crazed, mindless thing.
And no one was paying any attention to the Omtorish candidate Kletko.
Finally, in order to save himself, Kletko was forced to leave the platform, under escort.  As he did so, the mob broke through the last barriers and pressed forward to try and touch the Ponkti delegation.  Just when it appeared Kletko and his police protective detail, led by Inspector Nziri, were about to be crushed to death in the surging crowd, he did what Seomish can do…he dove headfirst into the waters of the East River and disappeared in the spray, kicking and stroking hard to get away from the brawl.  
Evelyn Ndinka captured the whole thing on dronecam video.
Delegates scrambled for cover.  Three were roughly dragged out into waiting skimmers as hostages.  Deafening concussive booms rattled the dock area as sound grenades went off.  Ducking for cover, Vikto grabbed Ruyter and Colonel Warner and the three of them leaped to the wharf, just ahead of a boisterous, chanting gang headed their way.
NYPD soon surrounded them and fought back against the gang.  Colonel Warner seethed at what was happening.
“Look!  Look at those damned Ponkti delegates.  Vikto, you lying ass, this is no friggin’ spontaneous demonstration.  The bastards are standing there directing everything.  The Ponkti must have paid and trained every one of these dirtbags, scripted the whole thing.”
They all watched as the three skimmers submerged and disappeared.  Huddling under a canopy at the boarding dock, Warner pointed out some approaching boats, speeding down river from the north.
“Look!  Harbor patrol!”
The boats gave chase and were assisted by several small subs, Sea Council patrols, pursuing the skimmers with the hostages.  The chase went on all the way down the East River and out into the ocean.
Secretary-General Ruyter grabbed Inspector Nziri by the shoulder.  “Inspector, what the hell happened?  How could this happen…unknown assailants penetrating your security, right in the middle of a formal session?”
Nziri was pale and sweating, even in the mist and showers.  “Unknown, sir.  We don’t even know who these attackers are.”
“Horse manure, Inspector,” muttered Warner.  She wiped mist and rain drops from her face.  “They were Ponkti, everybody knows that.  Vikto over there knows that.”
The Ponkti delegate stifled a sly smile behind his mobilitor helmet.  “Perhaps, Colonel.  Perhaps. But there are a lot of people who believe as we do…that the day of Amphibs is coming.  Even now—”
His words were interrupted by a chime on Ruyter’s wristpad, a message coming through.  The S-G opened the message, his mouth quickly turning into a frown.  His lips moved as he read.
“More bad news?” Warner asked.
“See for yourself.  It’s an ultimatum—” The S-G tapped a few keys and the message flashed into a 3-d bubble over their heads, visible even in the rain.
Ruyter summarized for all.  “The sender’s anonymous, but I think we know who it is.  The Ponkti candidate for Secretary-General, this guy Typek tu, is being identified as the official Sea Council candidate for S-G.  The ultimatum says the delegates taken hostage won’t be returned unless Typek is elected Secretary-General.”  Disgusted, Ruyter shut down the 3-d image and it collapsed in a spray of light.  His voice became a hoarse whisper.  “More violence is coming if Typek isn’t elected.”
Joleen Warner burned with anger and waved a finger in Vikto’s face, hidden behind its helmet.  “This isn’t over, Vikto.  Not by a long shot.  Even with Purple, you’ll find we Humans know how to fight.  All you Ponkti assholes have done is stir up a tiger.  Pretty soon, you’ll find out what that means.”
Vikto stepped back, a slight smile on his face.  His mobilitor expelled a misty snort of breath.  His voice hissed back.
“Your own sea levels are rising, Colonel.  Look around you.  Look at this river.  You can’t stop it.  You’re the ones who caused it.  The Ponkti—all Seomish, all Sea Peoples everywhere—will only profit from this.  Purple is spreading and ending the reign of Humans on this world.  Our time is coming.”
Ruyter just shook his head.  “Anarchy is coming…that’s all I see.  Fire, flood, death and destruction…that’s what’s coming…if we can’t get this Purple plague under control.”

Solnet Special Report: “Amphibs Furnishing New Leadership in Dozens of Countries.”

“Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.  As a part of our continuing coverage of the Purple plague, we take you now to Solnet correspondent Esther Sk’ort-Gutierrez, tonight in New York, at the Sea Council headquarters near the UN.  Sk’ort-Gutierrez reports on the growing global impact of the plague and the disruptive riots that recently occurred at the latest formal session of the Sea Council.  Her first interview is with NYPD spokesman Captain Rudi Hefele….
The scene shifts to the remains of the damaged Sea Council Pavilion.  Sk’ort-Gutierrez stands on the boarding dock onshore with Captain Hefele, as they watch maintenance and repair bots dragging off broken spars and joists from the ruins of the pavilion.  A pall of misty smoke drifts over the wreckage, the residue of the battle that occurred the day before.
“Captain Hefele, thanks so much for taking the time to be with our viewers tonight.”
Hefele is a ruddy-cheeked Human with a black moustache, unlike Sk’ort-Gutierrez who is Amphib.  He swats at some flies.
“Of course, Esther.  How can I help?”
Sk’ort-Gutierrez whispers into a lapel mike.  “Dronecam, zoom in tight.  Full face coverage.  I want to see his pores….”
The whirring ornithopter descends to a few meters above the dock.
“Captain, what happened here yesterday?  Why wasn’t NYPD and the Sea Council guard better prepared?”
Hefele takes a deep breath and squirms.  It’s clear he is uncomfortable with the question.
“Esther, yesterday, at approximately 1345 hours local time, an attacking force of unknown origin—we have evidence I can’t go into right now—entered the Pavilion secure perimeter.  The attackers engaged Sea Council and local NYPD in a close-quarters battle with military-grade weapons—sonic grenades, stunners, that sort of thing—and disrupted the formal session that was going on.  Three delegates were subsequently taken hostage.  The attackers got away in several submersible craft, down the East River.  We know of no injuries to any of them and their ships did escape our pursuit.  NYPD and Sea Council have suffered numerous injuries, some severe.  Fortunately, we suffered no casualties.”
Sk’ort-Gutierrez directed the dronecam to survey the wreckage of the Pavilion.  “Captain, sources tell us that the Secretary-General, Mr. Ruyter, subsequently received some kind of message from the attackers, said to be an ultimatum.  Is this true?”
Hefele conceded her statement reluctantly.  “I can’t go into the details, of course, but the gist of your account is true.”
Sk’ort-Gutierrez decided to try another approach.  She knew that sometimes reluctant interviewees responded better to reports put to them in yes or no fashion.
“Captain, sources say—” dronecam re-engage subject, close up, keep the wreckage in the background—“…sources say there is an impasse right now, with the Sea Council and the General Assembly in recess, pending negotiations for the ‘release’ of the hostages by the Ponkti.”
Hefele shrugged.  “I can neither confirm nor deny any reports along those lines.  This is an ongoing investigation, you know.”
Sk’ort-Gutierrez went on, undeterred.  She’d detected a slight increase in Hefele’s rate of eyeblink…the dronecam had detected it and advised her…
“Our sources also tell us that no new elections for Secretary-General will be held under this threat but the Ponkti—the alleged perpetrators—are adamant that their candidate Typek tu must be the new Secretary-General.  They’ve also insisted that the Earthshield project and, in fact, all seawall and sea protective developments around the world be stopped.  Can you confirm this, sir?”
Hefele was growing more stubborn with each question.  He shook his head.  “I’m sorry, Esther.  On-going investigation.”  He turned to face the dronecam directly, so abruptly, that the ‘copter backed up on its own to maintain the face shot.  “I will say this, however.  NYPD and the Sea Council Guard are intensively investigating how this egregious breach of security could have happened.  To our adversaries, I would add: we will pursue you with all necessary force and you will be brought to justice.  The full weight of the law—Human law—will be applied when we find you.”
Sk’ort-Gutierrez said, “Thank you, Captain Hefele, for taking the time to be with our viewers tonight.”
“Of course, Esther.  My pleasure.”  With that, Hefele left the boarding dock and disappeared behind a fence of crime scene tape.
Sk’ort-Gutierrez was in the process of re-positioning her dronecam when the Solnet director’s voice came through her earbud.
“Ladies and gentlemen, my director’s telling me…what, yes, yes, surely…my director’s telling me we will be remotely joining another interview….”
The scene shifts, and a quick collage of scenes from the global impact of the plague plays across the screen.
Sk’ort-Gutierrez shifts position during the collage, back to the street beyond the Sea Council boarding dock.  Forensics techs and repair bots crisscross under the taped-off area in front of her as she readies herself for the next segment.  
“…our next subject will be Columbia University history and political science professor Dr. Jayne Watanabe…we’ll be asking her questions about political and cultural events happening around the world during this plague…Dr. Watanabe, thanks for being with us on such short notice.”
Watanabe is Amphib, her face perky and bright.  Gaudy ritual scars run along both forehands and her decoratively colored handwebs.  Sk’ort-Gutierrez silently notes that many Amphib females often decorate their handwebs like human females paint their finger nails.
“Of course, Esther.  A pleasure.”
“Professor, the news today is filled not only with what happened at the Sea Council Pavilion recently but with political chaos around the world, with riots and civil wars and so many leaders being assassinated or run out of their countries, some being replaced Amphib successors.  This seems to be an extraordinary time.  As a professor of history, can you put this into perspective for our viewers?  How do you explain these extraordinary developments? In fact, let me rephrase: are Amphibs in fact taking over?”
 “Esther, I suppose it might that seem that way to some people.  You understand that there is a massive, well-funded and organized movement afoot, taking advantage of the Purple plague, to effect permanent change in the political structures of many countries.”
Sk’ort-Gutierrez blinks at her response.  “You’re alleging that Amphibs caused the Purple plague?”
  “No, no, not at all.  No, of course not.”  Watanabe shakes her head vigorously.  “But it is a matter of documented record how poorly the Amphibs and the Seomish have been treated by humans since the Great Emigration.  I would prefer to call the current mess a form of correction for past injustices.”  She adds, “We all know sea levels are rising and the oceans are enveloping more and more land.  This means that people who can live in both environments, the sea and the land, are better suited to run our world.  That’s what this is all about…recognizing and adjusting to the new normal.  All around the world, country after country is coming to this same conclusion: Amphibs and their Seomish cousins are the future.  They should be allowed to take their rightful place.”
“I see your point, Dr. Watanabe although many would take exception to your analysis.  Do you now believe there is any truth to the rumors that the Purple is an engineered plague designed to further this ambition and create conditions for Amphibs to take over?”
The Professor scoffs at such a notion.  “Amphibs and their Seomish cousins don’t need a plague to bring much-needed change.  Nature is doing that herself, selecting out humans for extinction and selecting in their replacements.  This has happened many times in Earth’s history, in every age…Cenozoic, Mesozoic, Jurassic.  The dinosaurs were selected for extinction.  Mammals took over.  The same is happening here.  It’s a natural process, that’s all.”
With this chilling report, Sk’ort-Gutierrez thanks Dr. Watanabe for her time and ends the Special Report with her own summary.
“Dr. Watanabe is surely right about mass extinctions in Earth’s past.  Life always seeks new niches provided by the process of natural selection.  The question is this: Are humans facilitating their own demise?  Are Amphibs and the Seomish helping?  Is our future a wet one, with more and more Amphibs taking over positions of power, influence and authority around the world, on land and at sea?  Or is something else going on?  Is any of this reversible?  Or is it inevitable?”
Sk’ort-Gutierrez then closes with this: “There are some people who believe that humans should use the Farpools to travel back in time in Earth’s history, some eighty years back, to when the Seomish first arrived…the kel’vishtu they call it…and prevent any immigrants from ever arriving or surviving in our oceans.  Perhaps the real and most likely future is this: unending conflict between humans and Seomish, with Amphibs caught in the middle, until one side or another prevails.
“Let us fervently hope this is not the outcome of our current problems.”
After signing off, Sk’ort-Gutierrez is in the process of nesting and powering down her drone-cam, scooting out of the way of repair bots swarming around the rubble of the Sea Council Pavilion, she is not aware that her next words are also caught and recorded back at the Solnet studio: 
“Dr. Watanabe’s right.  The only way out of this mess is to let Amphibs take over.”

Solnet Special Report Ends
Chapter 6

Aboard the Admiral Hu Kai Fong
South China Sea
August 17, 2195
49.4 Epoch of Kel’vishtu

Guang Li Zhong had been President of the People’s Republic of China for seven years now and not once in that time had he ever enjoyed taking a PLA Navy submersible below the sea.  Perhaps it was latent claustrophobia from his childhood.  Perhaps it was the fact that below a few meters, there was really nothing to see.  Perhaps it was that when anything actually came into view through the thick portholes of the submersible, it usually had razor-sharp teeth—lots of them—and gaping maws.
Guang sighed, squeezed his eyes shut and tried to focus on more pleasant scenery, like the verdant green hills of Xishuangbanna in his native Yunnan province. 
Guang had traveled from the Hainan Island base at Yulin by command submarine to the Admiral Hu Kai Fong, then piped like an emperor, with all appropriate ceremony, aboard the submersible.  He was, of course, well aware of the Ponkti proposal to travel back through the Pacific Farpool to the world of old Seome to grab more mah’jeet organisms and enhance the Purple toxin.  Guang very much wanted China to be part of this effort, for the Celestial Kingdom was surely destined to take her place among the greatest nations of the world and the Purple was only accelerating what was already destined to be. 
The PLA Navy sub had been given the name of Gang dan…the Egg.  The tiny sub did indeed look like an egg, with a small propulsor module at its rear and four articulating tele-robotic arms attached to its sides.  Barely big enough for a four-person crew, the Egg motored off from its sub dock with Lieutenant Qing driving and Lieutenant Fei navigating and monitoring systems.  Guang was the only passenger, now clad in a bulky lifesuit, for the awkward transfer into the Ponkti city of Ponkel’te.  The President of the People’s Republic felt like a huge dumpling in a bowl of pork soup.
A Chinese research compound had been built just outside the perimeter of the Ponkti city, a complex known as Station Alpha, sited on the edge of a small underwater promontory near the Reed Banks, a few hundred kilometers west of the Philippine island of Luzon, at a depth of a hundred and fifty meters.
Run jointly by the Chinese navy and the Ponkti, the compound resembled a massive starfish nestled in the brow of a shallow ridge that overlooked steeply descending terraces to the south west.  Containment Site Alpha, where the specimens of Purple bugs were hopefully well secured behind multiple nanobotic barriers and shields sat alone in a narrow ravine at the end of the terraces some three kilometers away, connected to the Station by thick ganglia of pipes and cables.
Beyond the containment site, beyond Ponkel’te, the seabed sloped away precipitously to the Angeles Basin, bottoming out at four thousand meters below them.
Qing expertly drove the lifter sub to a docking port alongside what he referred to as Gongying fangzei.  “The supply house here,” he explained.  “Dry and wet stores, supplies, all kinds of gear and equipment.”
The three of them disembarked through pressure hatches and were immediately greeted by the Station Commander, a Peoples Liberation Army-Navy captain named Liu Kaichong.  
Liu was small of stature, with thick gray-black hair and a rather wide flare of a nose.  He quickly introduced two Navy divers and explained.
“Unfortunately, we have no direct physical connection to the Ponkti city.  These men, Lieutenant Ming and Lieutenant Chou, will escort you outside for the short trip.”
Guang blanched at the prospect of exiting the warmth of the Station.  “We’re going outside?”
Liu tried to be comforting.  “For only a few minutes, sir.  Ming and Chou will escort you to what the Ponkti call their Notwater Chamber, inside their settlement.  There, you can take off your helmet and breathe normally.  They have facilities for communicating with humans like us.”
This is worse than Mao’s Long March, Guang thought but he put on a brave face.  “Let’s go,” he said with more determination than he felt.  Now was not the time for the President to show indecision.
Escorted by the divers, Guang cycled outside the Egg’s lockout.  The divers took him in tow and bore off into the dim murk.  Guang could see only little and felt the cold dense pressure of several hundred meters of water overhead.  He closed his eyes and tried to think of more pleasant things.
Ten minutes later, Guang realized they weren’t alone.  The escort had been joined by a contingent of very large, dolphin-like creatures, easily five meters in length, with colorful dorsals and forefins.  There were hands at the end of their forefins, hands with fingers.  Guang felt his heart beginning to race.
The Ponkti, he realized.  There were six of them and they shoved the Navy divers aside, attaching some kind of towline to Guang’s weight belt.  The Navy divers disappeared and the Ponkti escort dragged Guang further, deeper, toward what he eventually realized was the seabed.
The floor of the ocean seemed covered in pinpricks of light, giving only the faintest illumination but revealing rolling limestone hills, dotted with an incredible variety of structures…built structures, he realized.  
Must be their city, he told himself.  The city of the Ponkti.  Ponkel’te.
The rolling hills were covered as far as he could see with coral and mushroom-like habitats and homes and domiciles and other edifices, a dizzying profusion of every shape imaginable.  Lights moved among the structures and he saw that drifting swarms of glowfish were providing what illumination there was.
The escort pulled him down to the seabed and through swarming masses of people, to a flower-shaped structure, where he was deposited and the towline detached.  The escorts moved off.  Guang thought to follow them but when the landing pad started vibrating, he was so startled, he couldn’t move.
“It looks like a big mushroom, split open at the top.  Or a giant hand, with fingers sticking up.”
As the divers disappeared from view, Guang saw the fingers of the hand slowly began to close.  In a few minutes, the fingers of the ‘hand’ had squeezed shut.  
It’s like a prison, he realized.  His heart thudded in his ears.  Had he come all this way just to be a prisoner?
“Is it eating me?”
Then the water level inside began to subside, first dropping down to his helmet level, then lower to his chest, his knees, his ankles, until finally the little pod that looked like a fist of fingers had squeezed all but a few puddles out.  
Guang saw movement through the ‘fingers.’  The Ponkti.  They were gesturing, miming something.  Watching closely, he finally realized they wanted him to remove his helmet.  Cautiously, he did so and found there was air…breathable air…stale, with the burned smell he had come to associate with these meetings, but nonetheless air….
Grateful, he gulped in several deep breaths.  
That’s when Guang realized the fingers that had closed around him were translucent.  Many faces were staring at him from the other side.  He could barely make out lights outside.  And eyes.  Armfins and flukes, dozens, scores of them.  
He had an audience, staring in at him.
“It’s like a cage at the Beijing zoo,” Guang muttered.  Or an aquarium.
There was some kind of commotion along the side.  Guang saw a small device on the soft, spongy floor of the pod.  It was glowing and vibrating.  He’d been told of this; the Ponkti called them echopods.  Communication devices.  The echopod chirped.  He picked it up, held it to his ear.  Nothing but clicks, squeaks and gibberish. His eyes caught motion among the fingers.  Several Ponkti were at the edge of the enclosure, waving.
One of his Ponkti visitors drifted down and produced something in a small sac.  He pressed it against the translucent finger.  Guang watched in amazement as the finger contorted and twisted around its axis, revolving and carrying the sac inside their enclosure.  Almost no water squeezed through.  
The sac was dropped at his feet.  Then the echopod crackled again.  This time, he could just make out a scratchy voice, an understandable voice….
…is called tong’pod…crack legs…eat tissue….
“Sort of like ginger and scallion Shenzhen crab,” Guang decided.  He sat down and went to work.  The meat inside the tong’pod legs turned out to be sweet tasting…and slightly narcotic.  Soon enough, Guang pitched over, feeling drowsy. 
He fought sleep for as long as he could, but he could hold out no longer.  He lay back and passed into a deep, dreamless slumber.  

When Guang Li Zhong awoke, his head ached.  He sat up, now seeing only a few faces beyond the translucent fingers.  One had pressed particularly close.  Its face was like a dolphin—the same beak and slightly bemused smile.  He could make out some kind of ritual scarring around the beak and front dorsal.  
The echopod chirped.  Guang stood up and held the device closer to his ear.
“…shhkkreeah…you…--derstand me…yes…?”
The words were slurred, sliced with squeaks and honks and harmonic overtones, but he found he could make out enough to understand.
“I understand.”
“…shhkreeaahh…am Potereenah kim kel: Ponk’et.  Metah of the Urku…kkkllqqq…Ponkti…”
Guang froze.  Here was his opposite number.  The leader of the Ponkti.  The Empress of the water clan.  He stiffened and straightened up, still feeling a bit wobbly.
“I am Guang Li Zhong.  President of the People’s Republic of China.  Chairman of the State Council.  In China, we say zaihui…good day to you, sir…madame---” He wasn’t entirely sure of the gender.
The translation was slow and tedious and there were many misunderstandings and repetitions but after a time, the conversation assumed a more or less predictable nature, with both sides repeating their words in different ways.
Once, a Ponkti gestured for Guang to hand back the echopod.  He pressed it against a finger and was again amazed at how the fingers ‘extruded’ the device outside.  Adjustments were made and the echopod glowed by turns warm orange, red, then almost a blue-white.  Finally satisfied, the Ponkti passed the pod back inside.
After that, the translations went much smoother.
Guang thought to convey the latest results from the spread of the Purple plague.  “Millions are affected, Madam Metah.”  He had settled on that honorific, not knowing the correct way to address Potereenah.  “Millions have died.  Whole cities, even regions are suffering staggering population losses.  My own people, however, have been inoculated.  Our losses are fewer.  In many countries, the leadership has vanished…fled or died.  Already, we have cadres and agents moving into these places.”
Potereenah seemed intensely interested in his report.  She questioned him on details and Guang was impressed by her knowledge and forthrightness.  
“…shkkrreeaahh…then the time draws near when the Ponkti will rule the seas of Urku….”
“Yes, Madame Metah.  And the Chinese will rule the land.  Your expedition…back to your homeworld…this has departed?”
Potereenah indicated that the jumpship K’orpuh had indeed departed.  She briefly explained its mission.  “Our kelke will gather more mah’jeet—this is the poison for your devices, the Purple.  We…kkllqq…look also for anti…antidote.  Calves of puk’lek…you say, seamother, there are traditional stories of this….”
Guang listened carefully.  He knew of Lihua Guo Feng’s mission and made sure the scientist had been included in the crew.  Potereenah indicated that he had joined K’orpuh a few days before departure through the Pacific Farpool.
“There is an issue I wish to raise, Madame Empress…er, Metah.  For many years, even decades, humans have been trying to overcome changes in our climate.  You already know of the carbon capture machines and the Earthshield project to slow down global warming and stop the rise in sea levels.”
Potereenah replied, “Kkllqq…we know of this.  Seas must rise.  This…gggqqkkll…Ponkti more room.  You help?”
Guang had some ideas, which he had discussed with his Minister of Defense before coming to Ponkel’te.  “We are helping, even as I speak.  Already, there is an effort underway to sabotage the construction of the Earthshield and ensure it won’t be effective.  A mission to do this has already been launched.”
This seemed to satisfy Potereenah.  Again, she spoke of the mission of K’orpuh.  “My kelke will return with more mah’jeet.  The Purple becomes more deadly, yes?”
“Most assuredly,” Guang said.  “My scientists are even now working on improved versions of the bacteriomech.  With your toxins and Chinese devices, we cause millions to die around the world.  This has already upended politics, economies, and cultures everywhere.  The world will soon be ripe for a new power to take over.  My own people look forward to being partners with the Urku Ponkti for this great moment, when the Middle Kingdom will take her rightful place in the sun and centuries of humiliation are overturned.”
Potereenah seemed to understand little of this but was otherwise satisfied.  She studied this Tailless airbreather named ‘Guang,’ tried pulsing him through the fingers of the pod.  The echoes came back distorted but she realized that she and ‘Guang’ understood each other very well, for both were creatures of ambition and pure power.  It was important to show no weakness to this airbreather.  Like any tuk match, when your opponent needed a respite, that was the time to strike.
Guang raised another issue that had been put forth by his Ministry of Defense.  “Many cities on land have become hollowed out, as a result of Purple.  Perhaps Your Highness would like to join us in occupying those cities? Some of them are coastal cities.  My ministers and advisors believe a series of joint operations would be beneficial to both of us.”
Potereenah readily agreed to this proposal and they spent the next few minutes working out the details.  The two leaders agreed to give commands to their respective militaries to plan and execute just such a series of missions.  Surely, the airbreathers would then come to fear the Ponkti above all other kels.
A set of echopods was produced.  First Guang, then Potereenah dictated what they had agreed to. One pod was given to the Chinese leader.  One was held for the Kel’em to review.   Further agreements were made on enhancing the Purple, when the K’orpuh expedition returned from old Seome.  
Then, Potereenah had an idea.  Let’s see just how brave this airbreather really is.  Perhaps seeing a tuk match in person—
Potereenah asked, “Perhaps the airbreather leader would like to see how we Ponkti live…see our city?”
To this, Guang agreed, though he was growing weary of being isolated inside the Notwater chamber.  To travel about Ponkel’te would mean wearing the lifesuit again.  It was a prospect that didn’t particularly appeal to him.
But to cement their growing alliance and prove that no leader of the Celestial Kingdom could be outdone, he reluctantly agreed.  Guang began re-suiting himself under the watchful eyes of the Ponkti peering in at him through the translucent fingers.  He convinced himself they had nothing but scorn and contempt for such a frail captive in their midst.
But he was determined that he would show no weakness now.

For several days, Ponkti prodsmen made their plans.  The Ponkti Metah, Potereenah, convened a war council away from the settlement, in a small ravine several kilometers away.  She named Manklu koh to head the special force that would teach the Tailless a serious lesson about how strong the Urku Ponkti had become.  
Manklu pulsed how determined and resolute Potereenah was and so there was no use arguing.  Their target, London, was a long trip, in the far seas and the waters of Urku were strange and still mostly unknown to all Seomish.  Then there were the Tailless themselves…creatures of Notwater who nonetheless seemed to take great umbrage whenever Seomish kelke tried to build anything in these cursed waters.
Manklu consulted with Yaktu tom, the chief prodsman, on weapons and tactics and who should be in the special force.  
Yaktu was middle-aged, muscular, scarred with bruises and cuts from a lifetime of insults and challenges.  Like all Ponkti, he seemed at first glance slow and lazy but Manklu knew otherwise.  What passed for indolence and indifference masked a keen mind and quick wits.  No one trifled with Yaktu.
“I can provide three kip’ts,” he announced.  “Three prodsmen and three stunners will ride in them.  Both kip’ts will be part of your attack force…your muh’pul’tekel.”
This satisfied Manklu.  “The Eepkostic will bring three kip’ts, with five stunners and five prodsmen.  Our kip’ts are bigger; we’ll carry prods, stunners, scentbulbs, mah’jeet sacs and even k’orpuh to use against the Tailless.  We’ll work out the tactics on the way…the trip takes several mah…it’s a long way.”
Yaktu asked, “What about the others: the Omtorish, the Sk’ortish the Orketish?  What do they know about this?”
Manklu sniffed.  “They know enough.  Tailless are animals…no different from seamothers.  They understand strength and force, determination and resolve.  It’s always the same.  When strength is called for, leave it to the Ponkti to do the job.”
Yaktu glared back at the aging tukmaster.  “And the Eep’kos.”
“Indeed.  Gather your men and gear and meet me in half a mah, other side of the mountain.  We need to depart so that nobody else knows what’s happening.  And keep your repeaters quiet, for once.  They can’t be singing out everything they hear and see, not with this mission.”
Yaktu was uneasy.  “Manklu…I don’t know…to interfere with repeaters…that isn’t done…under normal circumstances.”
“Who said these were normal circumstances?  I’m sure both our Metahs will approve it.  Now…go—”
Yaktu scooted off toward the Eepkostic quarter.  For his part, Manklu was happy to let Potereenah deal with the questions and concerns of the kel elders.  Ponkti were used to following orders.  The questions wouldn’t last long.  The honor, indeed the very future, of the whole kel was at stake.
In the meantime, the tukmaster would select his men carefully and assemble their weapons and equipment.  In many ways, Manklu looked forward to the engagement.  The Tailless were a perfect enemy; it was easy to hate them, since no one really understood creatures of Notwater.  They were monsters, albeit with powerful weapons and a tendency to shoot first, but still soulless beasts.  Even the seamothers had more honor than Tailless worms.
That gave Manklu an idea.  Maybe there was a way to bring along a few seamother calves on the mission.  Manklu stroked off toward Ponkel’te, deep in thought, mulling over the possibilities.
Seamothers were also creatures of Notwater.  They could live below the sea and above it.  
It was an appealing idea, Manklu thought.  A pair of seamothers stalking through the Tailless city like the beasts they were; even calves could do a lot of damage.  Combine the terror that would produce, with Eepkostic and Ponkti prodsmen clanking about in mobilitors, spraying electric fire from their prods…Manklu almost smiled.  He could taste the panic and fear of the worms already.

London, England
August 21, 2195
50.1 Epoch of Kel’vishtu

The port of London was thick with fog and the sound of ship’s horns when the Ponkti-Eepkostic special force entered the lower Thames River estuary.  There were six kip’ts in all, with one towing two large mesh enclosures, each holding one somewhat rambunctious seamother calf.  The force maneuvered along the seabed of the port to avoid all the surface traffic and probed ahead until they came to a set of bridge pilings, sunk in concrete caissons near a rocky bank, that sloped up to the surface.
Here, Yaktu’s troops unleashed the seamothers and prodded them away.  Honking and bellowing, curious about their strange surroundings, the puk’lek bounded eagerly toward the surface, breaching the river waters in an explosion of foam and froth, just landward of the  mainland side of the huge Westminster Bridge.  
The ferry Victoria was passing just beneath the main span of the bridge when passengers along the portside railing witnessed the sudden appearance of the seamothers.
Shouts erupted immediately.
“My God…Holy Father… …sea serpents!”
“Look at that…get back!  Get back!”
The beasts had surfaced just off a wharf where the ferry was heading for a landing.  There were two.  One after another, the creatures climbed the wharf pilings and stood for a few moments at the ferry landing, nosing around, sniffing, tasting things.  One seamother careened into the pavilion where scores of passengers awaited the ferry, knocking the slate roof off the structure. Panicked passengers fled in all directions, enraging the other seamother.
Both beasts stalked off the wharf, crashed through some fencing, toppled statues of Queen Victoria and then the London Eye and headed between the Houses of Parliament and a customs house, for Whitehall beyond, with its vast Trafalgar Square, statuary gardens and promenades.
While the seamothers rampaged across the harbor area, Eepkostic and Ponkti kip’ts gathered beneath the same wharves, now empty of any traffic as the Victoria had already turned about and sped at high speed back to her point of departure.  The Eepkostic prodsmen, led by Yaktu, were first to emerge, followed quickly by several squads of Ponkti, led by Manklu himself.  One after another, the prodsmen lit off their mobilitors, rose to the surface and landed upright on the pilings under propulsor power.  
Spotted by a squad of Metropolitan Police, the Eepkostic were first to react.
“Stunners…open fire!” commanded Yaktu.
The entire area was bathed in a blinding white light, followed by the concussive BOOMS! of sound grenades.  Windows and lamps shattered.  The sound and light pulses scattered the police and created an opening for the Ponkti to advance.  
Under Manklu, a squad of Ponkti prodsmen waddled toward the same gap the seamothers had taken.  Kasmik, Telspo and Potop each emerged into the open, paused momentarily to get their bearings, pulsing vainly up and down the street for targets, then under the tukmaster’s direction, they split apart and crossed Trafalgar Square heading north, to their assigned target.
Half a kilometer north of them, a small concrete cube of a building housed an armory.  Inside, Major Alexander Newmark was running a briefing of the 59th Battalion, 55th Naval Infantry Division.  Assignments were being handed out and duty rosters completed for the next month.  The coastal troops had harbor patrol, port security and public protection duties throughout this section of London.  The ‘Black Berets’ were a proud and illustrious outfit, having recently honored centuries of glorious war dead in an elaborate public ceremony at the statuary garden and a parade up and down Whitehall.
Before Major Newmark could launch into a well-rehearsed and (he hoped) rousing closing speech to the troops, someone shouted from the back.  Completely ignoring bearing and protocol, men streamed to the windows, gesturing and shouting at something outside.
Newmark was momentarily nonplussed by the breach of discipline and thought to shout orders to his men to return to their seats but the sudden intensity of their reaction gave him pause.  He went to the windows.
There down the street, just coming nicely into view around the corner of the National Gallery was one of the seamothers, looking for all the world like a dinosaur had somehow come to life from the front gallery of the natural history museum downtown.  
Newmark swallowed hard, blinking in the sunlight even now trying to burn through early morning mists.  
What in the name of Henry the Eighth—
But it was when the Major of Coastal Troops saw the first Ponkti prodsmen waddling along behind the beast, weapons at the ready, discharging their prods at unsuspecting pedestrians and curious shopkeepers opening their shop doors, that something clicked inside…a lifetime of soldier training and amphibious exercises and tactical drills and academy training.  The soldier inside Newmark burst to the surface and orders escaped his lips in rapid-fire fashion.
“To the gun lockers!” he barked.  “Repel the intruders!  Assemble at the front door…we’ll work out the formation!”
In the back room of the armory, the gun lockers were sprung open and dozens of OTS-19 assault rifles and Vena 120-mm mortars were distributed, their handlers sprinting across the briefing room to the front entrance.  Someone unlocked a suitcase containing Eagle 7, an autonomous robotic drone, which was handed off to her launch and ops crew, along with the Lionshead 2, ground patrolbots.  Powered up and quickly checked out, the autonomous sentries were checked for full magazines and oriented to follow the troops to their rally point at the door.  They clanked off behind the tide of rushing men, now programmed to confront any threat their algorithms recognized.  No one took time to wonder how their algorithms would react to the seamothers.
Newmark deployed his first squads to cover both sides of Charing Cross Road.
“Use the shops!” he told them.  “Use the doors, canopies and signs for cover.  Advance a few meters at a time.  Don’t silhouette yourself…watch your shadows.”  All proper urban combat tactics the Battalion had practiced as recently as two months before.
But the Royal Marines were unprepared for what came next.
At a signal from Manklu, who led the Ponkti barely twenty meters behind one of the seamothers, Kasmik released the first of the mah’jeet sacs.  The toxic bloom of deadly micro-organisms burst out of containment and was caught up in breezes coming up from the river, swelling rapidly into a faintly iridescent cloud that drifted along the street and soon enveloped Newmark’s forward patrols.
Men crumpled almost immediately, clutching at their throats, their rifles clattering to the street as they twisted and pitched heavily to the ground, slowly stung and asphyxiated by the organisms.  Those still twitching when the Ponkti approached were quickly dispatched by bursts of electric prods, while more blinders were lit off ahead of the Ponkti advance.
To add to the confusion, Manklu ordered scentbulbs to be set off.  Telspo and Potop did the honors, one on each side of the street.  The bulbs were opened and a powerful stench soon permeated the lower end of Charing Cross.
Remaining marines of the 59th stopped their advance immediately, not bothering to set up their mortars and crumpled to the pavement, choking, coughing and vomiting as the overpowering odors clung to everything and thickened in the breezes.
Major Newmark watched from the armory in horror as his men, all well trained and dedicated marines, were cut down piecemeal by the intruders.  Those not shocked into unconsciousness by the prods, asphyxiated into convulsions by the mah’jeet and incapacitated by the scentbulbs were forced to retreat back up the street, eventually taking cover inside a bank at the turn onto Shaftesbury Avenue.  
Newmark ducked back inside the armory and hustled to the phone room.  Division had to know about this.  Gordon had to send more troops, more weapons, APCs, amphibious tanks, more of everything.
London was under assault by something unearthly, something from a child’s nightmare, something they had no defenses for.
The Major swallowed hard, finding no saliva in his throat at all, as he rang up Division headquarters.
At the other end of Charing Cross Road, indeed throughout the harbor area of London, the results of the Ponkti and Eepkostic advance created similar results.  The scenario was much the same in every direction, along all the streets radiating outward from Trafalgar Square.  Seamothers took the lead as four-legged shock troops, sweeping the streets of all early resistance, followed up by stunner and blinder volleys to lay down a deadly field of force and light that seemed impermeable to all human sensors. Unlucky pedestrians, shop keepers, early morning customers, ferry passengers, and occasional policemen unfortunate enough to be caught in the advance were knocked flat by mah’jeet swarms or otherwise convulsed by strong toxins and incapacitating agents from Eepkostic scentbulbs.  
A spreading wave of death, dismemberment and terror surged outward and there seemed nothing able to stop the onslaught.
Six thousand kilometers away, in a second-story studio in downtown Manhattan, Solnet newsdrone operator Karen Michell blinked at her board, seeing alerts and alarms and warning messages pop up on her board from every direction.  Solnet maintained a small fleet of newsdrones all over the world, autonomous uavs circling across the globe at stratospheric altitudes, sniffing for emissions and signals of any type that might indicate trouble, or at least something newsworthy.  
One drone, KA-3388, had been cruising serenely along lower jet stream winds at an altitude of eighty-five thousand feet above British Isles when the drone’s sniffers caught a ‘whiff’ of emergency comms erupting out of London, comms blanketing way too many frequencies to be normal traffic…almost some kind of panic response.
The algorithms that operated KA-3388’s sensors, electro-optical, all-azimuth electronic scanners, even olfactory and visual light spectrometers, twitched instantly with the first eruptions and fired off notifications to its base in the Solnet Building along Fifth Street.  Mitchell put down her sushi box lunch for a second and studied the displays.
“My God…what’s this…is there a volcano going off or something?”
A quick perusal of the board showed that no volcanic activity had lit off KA-3388’s sensors, as sometimes happened on the orbits of these birds, owing to the fact that several volcanoes dotted Iceland and were known to burp and fart with tiresome regularity.  
No, this was different and Mitchell quickly saw the signals were human, and they were coming from downtown London, in fact around the harbor area.  
Instinctively, she commanded the drone to alter course, change altitude to get out of the jet stream and head for the source.
Twenty minutes later, watching the harbor scene around the port of London come steadily into focused view, Mitchell swallowed hard and forgot all about her sushi lunch.
Zooms of street level showed what could only be described as staggering levels of destruction.  
Descending now to only a few thousand meters above the streets, easily avoiding British air-defense drones and defenses, KA-3388 streamed up and down street after street, following a pre-planned surveillance pattern Mitchell had initiated as the drone approached the city.
What she saw so stunned the operator that she almost forgot to make sure all this was being recorded for later play on one of Solnet’s channels.
“My God…what is this…somebody make a film or something—” she muttered.  Mitchell commanded KA-3388 to drop lower, down to a hundred meters altitude and scoot along one of the boulevards…her nav window called it Charing Cross Road.
Now filling the view was one of the seamothers, trashing a kiosk of some kind, chewing off rooftops, knocking over a bus and demolishing storefronts, while in the distance, Metropolitan Police and Royal Marines backpedaled in retreat, firing wildly at the beast.  For a moment, Mitchell was sure she was watching some kind of automated movie prop but the look of terror on the soldiers’ faces and the sheer scale of the destruction changed her mind.
“What on God’s green earth--?”  she now made sure she was recording every nano-second of what the newsdrone was seeing.  As she looked closer, she realized the huge lumbering beast was accompanied by strange-looking soldiers, advancing slowly along both sides of the street, discharging some kind of electrical weapons, setting off grenades that seemed deafen anyone and everyone around.  
“The Sea People!” she realized.  “The Sea People…they’re attacking…my God, look at that!”  Mitchell had seen a closeup of one of the Ponkti prodsmen clad in full mobilitor, looking for all the world like The Creature from the Black Lagoon, as it waddled and stumbled down the street. She quickly realized there were others; she counted four in view at the moment.  Mitchell pressed a button, summoning her supervisor.  Moments later, Herb Calin poked his head inside the room.
“Got your alert…what’s up?”
Mitchell showed him the feed from KA-3388.  The super hit his head on the door jamb, he was so startled.  Calin came in and squatted next to her, transfixed by the scene.
“We need to go live with this, Karen…I’ll notify Ops Two and get us a channel pronto—”
“And another drone, if you can, Herb.  There’s more going on further up this street.”
Unseen by either reporter, Major Newmark had retreated to the British Museum when the first seamother appeared at the corner of Tottenham Court Road.  He unlocked the command post and went to a special comm station, connecting in seconds with Theater Command Headquarters in Croydon, about forty kilometers to the south.  After shouting obscenities at the bull-headed duty sergeant, Newmark was able to find a duty officer with enough rank to get some air support into the area.
The officer promised two de Havilland transporters in less than an hour.  “Fully armed, full complement of Su-44 autodrones…that’s seventy-two in all.  Is that sufficient, Major?  I’ll have to clear this with General Smythe, you know.”
Newmark wanted to reach into the phone and strangle the lot of them at Theater.  “Lieutenant, I don’t care if you have to ask your mother and your great aunt, just get me those drones…get them into the air right now!  We’re pinned down by...I don’t know what the hell they are, exactly.  Sea People, I assume.  They’re decimating my men and the Metropolitan Police aren’t helping…they’ve vanished, the cowards.  There are beasts the size of buildings stalking the Embankment and port area and ground troops with weapons we can’t hold up against…sound grenades, electric something-or-others…just get me air support, damn you!”
Moments later, two lumbering de Havilland VTOL four-engine transports were winging their way north from Croydon airfield toward the port of London. 
Appearing half an hour later in partly cloudy skies directly above Westminster and  Whitehall, the de Havillands soon established themselves in tight circular orbits about the port complex, after ascertaining that there were no aerial threats to their arrival.  Each de Havilland then cycled open several bay doors in its belly, disgorging scores of the autodrones, each of which looked like flying mantas, each armed with four air-to-ground missiles, a fully-charged railgun and a fully primed particle beam weapon under its nose.
The autodrones swarmed into formation and tasted thermal emissions from the combat zone below them, now partially enveloped in smoke from dozens of fires and burning vehicles.  Autonomous in operation yet now linked into swarm formation, the drones dropped down to engagement altitude and raked the streets with missile and beam fire, crisscrossing the area in a complex attack pattern derived from algorithmic analysis of the evolving threat on the ground.   
One seamother was hit immediately, and fell to her sides, mortally wounded, bleeding from dozens of wounds, her hind legs nearly shot off, her spiked tail slamming the ground in waves of pain.  The creature waggled and twitched, bellowing forlornly and keeled over on her side, expiring her final ragged breaths in a bloody froth of air.
Behind the dying beast, Manklu sensed the presence of a new threat above them…noting the high-freq whine of the drones as they buzzed the column of Ponkti prodsmen and raked the streets with concentrated fire.  It was clear that they had done all they could do.  Potereenah’s orders were simply to teach the Tailless a lesson they wouldn’t soon forget.  In this process, they had demolished much of Whitehall and Bloomsbury, including the London Institute of Tropical Medicine.
Buried in the rubble, Institute director Dr. Giles Newfield could barely breathe.  He dug and shoved and pushed against the stone and brick, but found himself trapped in a narrow pocket filled with smoke and faint moans and whimpers from other nearby survivors.  Through a narrow crevice, he could see beyond the pall of smoke to what was left of the Institute building.
Months of work on antidotes to the Purple had been destroyed and Newfield’s heart sank as he realized the cost, in both lives and invaluable research.  Their work had been set back years because of the assault of these cursed dragons.
Manklu halted their advance, took cover in the shadow of a great marble and bronze statue and sized up the tactical situation.  The plaque at the base of the statue read “Hans Sloane: Founder of the British Museum” but Manklu didn’t know that.  He cared only for completing their mission and getting his fighters out of the Tailless city safely, with minimal casualties.  Already they had lost one seamother and Potop was several blocks back, severely wounded, perhaps already dead.  
This is far enough, he decided.  We’ve done enough damage to get their attention.  Manklu liked to compare things to tuk matches.  This assault reminded him of a classic spear and slash move all tuk’te learned from a young age; the Ponkti word was shook’rok, meaning beak to tail.  You used shook’rok when your opponent was quick, maybe too quick and left himself vulnerable to countermoves.
Shook’rok was what Manklu figured they had done to the Tailless in this city.
“Prodsmen, fall back!” he ordered over the signaler circuit.  The whistles went out, over the sound of roofs crashing and drones buzzing and prods zapping and the remaining soldiers halted their slow advance and turned about.  Building by building, using whatever cover they could find from the autodrones overhead, the Ponkti began a slow but steady tactical retreat, back to the river.
“What about the Eepkos?” someone asked.  
Manklu let a drone whiz by and wheel off into the sky, before scooting as fast as he could to another pile of storefront rubble.  “Yaktu has his orders from Okeemah, same as we have from our own Metah.  He does what he does.  As for us, we fall back to the sea.”
And slowly, building by building, the Ponkti did just that, eventually reaching the Embankment and the ferry piers with no further casualties.  They had to leave Potop behind, but Telspo retrieved the signaler and Potop’s prod before clicking goodbyes over the prostrate form of his fallen comrade.
The Eepkos were nowhere to be seen and Kasmik opined they had already perished in the autodrone assault from the air.
“Notwater…” he spat, as they assembled at the end of the pier, measuring the distance of the drop down to their kip’ts, which rode at the surface like drunken turtles.  “I don’t wish to see it again…in my life.  Notwater is for animals and beasts, not for me.,”
“Or me,” agreed Kasmik, adjusting his mobilitor to lift him above the wooden planks and lower him to the water.
With that, the remnants of the Ponkti squad disappeared below the waves and boarded their kip’ts.  Manklu guided them along the bed of the river and out toward open sea, right under the noses of a Royal Navy squadron trying to bottle them up in the river estuary.
They were silent for awhile, wondering about the fate of the second seamother, and their Eepkostic comrades.
“Only Shooki knows,” Manklu told them.  “Maybe now, the Tailless will leave us alone…let us build our settlements and live our lives in these cursed waters.”
Telspo was thoughtful.  “It was better back home, wasn’t it…in our seas? In the Ponkel sea, where you could actually taste the waters and breathe free…riding the Pul’kel ridge on swift currents…I can pulse it now.”
“Save it,” Manklu decided.  “We have a long ride home.  And Potereenah will want a report.  Get me an echopod…we need to put down everything we saw and did.  Something tells me we haven’t seen the last of these Tailless.”

Aboard the Tianguo Yaosai
Earth-Sun Lagrange Point L1
August 30, 2195
50.9 Epoch of Kel’vishtu

Deng Paicheng, Captain of the People’s Liberation Army Space Forces corvette Tianguo Yaosai, studied long-range sensors on his ship’s control board.  Twenty kilometers distant, the Earthshield control ship Aristotle was plowing through space like a contented cow, serenely laying down the shield that the UN and the Western powers hoped would someday block enough sunlight to slow down global warming.
“Weapon is enabled,” his defense systems operator Lieutenant Han reported.  “Target boresighted and steady.  She hasn’t detected us yet.”
“Stupid capitalist roaders…they think they can just interfere with the Sun with no thought for the rest of us.”  Deng scanned the board.  Everything was green, all in readiness for Tianguo’s historic mission.  “Now they’ll learn an important lesson.  Glorious Zhongguo isn’t known as the Empire of Heaven for no reason.  Lieutenant, target only their engines and shield generators.”
“Target is locked and I have a valid solution, sir.”
“Very well.  Fire the weapon!”
No burst of light emerged from Tianguo.  Instead, a small, nearly invisible spheroid of molecule-sized bots emerged, discharged into space and set on a course that would in time contact the Aristotle.
“Time to contact?”
“Two hours, twenty-one minutes, Captain.”
Deng nodded, fully aware that in two hours, twenty-one minutes, the Tiny Warriors that his ship had just discharged would attach themselves to Aristotle’s hull and begin rapid disassembly of her structure.  By then, Tianguo would be long gone and no one would be any wiser as to why the control ship had failed in its mission.
“Set up for departure burn, Lieutenant.”
“Course plotted and laid in, sir.  Execute burn in three minutes.”
“Very well.”
Three minutes later, a small burst on Tianguo’s aft thrusters slowed the Chinese ship just enough to change her orbit.  In four days, she would make a high-speed landing at the Inner Mongolia desert landing strip, just a few kilometers from the Jiuquan Space Center.

Akiro Murasawa was scrolling through some notes on ship systems in his stateroom when the master alarm sounded through the ship.  Instantly, he sprang up and headed out into Aristotle’s central gangway.  As he headed aft toward the sound of the klaxon, he collided with Lieutenant Dean Kohl, the ship’s propulsion systems officer, coming down from A deck.
“What the hell’s going on?” 
Kohl was grim.  Right behind the officer was Sergeant Roy Favors, ship’s machinist mate, just coming off shift.
“It’s coming from C deck…there are vital systems down there.  Come on—“ Murasawa pushed past both of them and pulled himself along the gangway rails.  When he got to the hatch, he slipped inside and came up short.
Half the compartment was enveloped in some kind of bot swarm.  And what was left of crewman Dietrick Vogel lay writhing in a swirling cloud of pulp on the deck, a chewed-up mass of half-disassembled tissue and blood, rapidly disintegrating into atom fluff.  
Murasawa saw the problem right away.  A primary hull valve was fully enveloped in a swarm.  And already a thin stream of air was squealing toward the valve, now partially open to space.  Dust, debris, papers, tools and anything else not locked down was flying through the air, now fully entrained in the escaping airstream.  A cold fog had formed in the sudden pressure drop and Murasawa felt his eardrums close to bursting.  
“Kohl…get to the suit locker…get some gear down here now!  And get Sergeant Favors in here right away!”
Kohl was already on the move toward the ship’s central gangway.  “What about you, Skipper?”
Murasawa was reaching for a small control panel near the hatch.  “I’m hitting EOS…got to flood this compartment with air and secure that hatch!  Get moving--!”
Kohl vanished in the growing hailstorm, his ears already popping in the falling pressure.  As he fell out into the gangway, he saw Favors sliding down from B Deck.  
“What’s happened?” 
Kohl quickly filled him in.  “Get in there…Captain needs help fast!  It’s a swarm…it’s trying to breach the hull at the airlock—“ Kohl squeezed by and headed up to B deck.  Just outside the captain’s stateroom, a cabinet contained the ship’s emergency pressure suits.  He had to get up there, grab a few and get back fast, before Murasawa secured the C deck hatch permanently.
“I was in the shop when I heard the master alarm…I think ISAAC’s running the ship now…I saw pressure sensors going off down here—“  Favors slipped by Kohl as he headed up.  The machinist squeezed through the deck hatch, already swinging shut, and immediately saw what was left of crewman Polanz now fully enveloped in a cloud of bots, the swarm rapidly disassembling the airlock and hull valve assembly behind her.  Tendrils of bots streamed off her arms and were fast approaching.  Aki Murasawa waved his hands and arms, even as he fought to stay upright in the falling pressure, and was pelted by a rain of debris swirling around the airlock.
Favors plowed through the hailstorm toward Polanz, or what was left of Polanz, for by now the ship’s Earthshield engineer had almost fully dematerialized into a cloud of bots, filling one corner of C deck with a flashing, pulsating fog.  
Favors’ voice was firm.   “Get everybody off this deck, Captain.  Right now.  Once that hatch is shut and I empty the air flasks, you won’t be able to get out.  If that hull valve or the bulkhead goes, you’ll all be killed.”
“I’ve got to get control of the ship, before we lose everything!”
Favors bodily shoved Murasawa through the hatch and into the central gangway.  “If I don’t stop that swarm right here and now, Captain, nothing else will matter!”  It was the least he could do after what had happened to Dietrick Vogel. 
Murasawa shrugged and nodded grimly, then disappeared up the gangway. Once he was clear, Favors dogged the hatch shut and made it fast.  Then he turned to the swarm enveloping  Polanz.
The entire far wall of the compartment was now thick with bots, the swarm replicating at max rate, now that it no longer needed to maintain structure.  
Favors knew there was only one thing to do.  Murasawa’s initial instincts had been right.  The best way to fight a swarm was with another swarm.  As he extracted a tiny capsule from his pocket—the thing had somehow made it through Security and even his best friend Vogel didn’t know anything about it—he cycled the capsule’s port controls to discharge a formation of bots. Favors took a last look at what had become of Polanz.
He thumbed a control stud on the side of the capsule, giving commands to the tiny swarm now emerging from containment.  “Time to get small!” he yelled over the shriek.  He grabbed a nearby stanchion to stay upright as Aristotle lurched again.  Up on A deck, he knew Murasawa would be fighting to keep the ship under control.  “Now going loose…enabling Config Delta seven seven—“
Through it all, the master alarm klaxon continued shrieking.
Outside in the gangway, Dean Kohl knew what the last lurch meant…a huge bubble of air had just been explosively expelled from C deck.  The blast acted like a thruster, careening Aristotle on her side.  Kohl was thrown head first against a nearby stanchion, gashing his forehead.  Blood spurted out but he didn’t fall to the deck.  Instead, his head was quickly enveloped in a cold, bloody froth as the bulkhead began to collapse.
He staggered to the nearest 1MC circuit and punched TALK.
“Hull breach!” Kohl said.  “Pressure drop on C deck… now the flight shielding…shielding’s gone.  Rad levels rising rapidly—“
Murasawa was already up on the command deck.  His voice was ragged.
“Get a message off…I’m ejecting the emergency beacon…we’ve got to let UNISPACE know what’s out here!”
Alarms sounded and lights flashed on Aristotle’s command deck.  Auto sequences were engaged and ISAAC, still functioning albeit at reduced capacity, shutdown the plasma torch engines as a precaution against explosion …or worse.
But no one responded on the command deck any longer.  No one responded on B or C decks either.  
Explosive decompression had already started and in the final seconds of the swirling gale that engulfed the C deck, Lieutenant Dean Kohl had one remaining thought before falling down the great black tunnel of unconsciousness.  
Something in the Earthshield…that has to be it…bots went haywire and attacked the ship….
Then the swarm that had enveloped Aristotle began its final catastrophic disassembly of all remaining structures.
Over the squeal, then the roar of escaping air, the plaintive sounds of ISAAC bleated out emergency warnings over and over again.
“Level One Emergency…level one emergency…hull breach all decks and sections…all personnel, man the escape pods, man escape pods immediately…all personnel—“
Nothing was ever heard from Aristotle again.
Chapter 7

Seome
The Pillars of Shooki
September 5, 2195 (Earth Standard)
(Pre-ak’loosh 780.5 Epoch of Tek’potu)

The Pillars of Shooki lay at the very top of the world.  Surrounded by vast sheets of floating ice, far to the north of the Ponk’el Sea, the shrine sat at the very edge of the polar ice cap itself.  A swift but narrow current, the Pomt’or, rushed by some two hundred beats to the south, curving across the bleak Northern Hemisphere until it split apart near the island of Likte.
The Pomt’or was the northern arm of the Pom’tel and it was the only current that directly approached the Pillars.  Moreover, according to Perlin, the Navigator-Positioner, it was the fastest and safest way to reach the Pillars.  To get there would still require a tedious trip through the eastern Orkn’tel.  The waters there were dense and sluggish, stagnant at the equator, and brimming with foul-tasting and dangerous mah’jeet fields, so thick in patches that no kip’t could get safely through without clogging its jets.  
“There are mah’jeet in these waters.  We don’t want to go through mah’jeet,” Charley Meyer decided.  Nobody did.
But there was no quicker way to the Pillars.
The seas east of the T’kel ridge were unknown to Charley.  Even Perlin could help her little here; Omtorish kelke seldom crossed the ridge and had never sounded these waters completely.  There were rumors surfacing out of the kel Ponk’et of renegade kels that inhabited these waters, kels that had split off from one of the great families thousands of mah before, but there was no proof of them.  There were even rumors that these outcast kelke were descendants of the seamother herself, though Charley tended to discount that.
Her plan was to cross the Orkn’tel until they had reached the junction of the Orkn’t and the T’kel, then turn north into these unsounded waters, paralleling the ridge until they felt the first faint tugs of the Pomt’or.  That current would take them to the very edge of the ice cap.  The Pillars of Shooki could be reached from there.  With any luck, by then, Azhtu’s sensors would pick up the trail of the Ponkti ship.  
Charley was glad that Orkn’tel sounded calm today, litor’kel was how you said it.  The bottom pulsed fifty or so beats below them, thick with mud and hidden from time to time, by a tricky layer of warmer water.  The ship slid easily through the trackless wastes.  Inside the vast swirl of the Great Ork’lat Current, the Orkn’tel was as barren as any sea in the world.  The water was a clear blue-green, almost sterile of life but for the ever-present gruel of ertesh, thin and oily in this sea.  Few creatures found it appetizing enough to school here.
From time to time, they would pulse a school of eelot below them.  They were fearsome-looking beasts, with huge, billowing heads and maws so wide that could have swallowed a kip’t whole if they had had the stomachs to digest it.  The eelot’s body was more whip than flesh and covered with nearly invisible prickle hair.  It could emit a paralyzing substance from these hairs and Charley was careful to give the school a wide berth.  From their distance, the eelots looked like rubbery globes but that was deceiving.  Fortunately, they preferred the bottom waters.
Four hours after emerging from the Farpool, N-P Perlin sounded a contact alarm.
“Our target?” Charley asked.
Perlin fiddled with the sound controls, whistling and clicking at them to get better resolution.  
“Echoes coming back as probable Ponkti return.  Could be their ship.”
“Give me a heading, Perlin.”
“Half beat left, steady on.”
Charley handled the controls and Azhtu responded smartly to her touch.
“Captain, there’s something else…the signal’s slightly distorted.  It’s going crazy, like we’re headed into a—”
They had careened into a long line of tillet, a pack train of cargo animals headed who knew where.
A sharply sloped ridge came into view and Charley and Yaktu-James were both awed at the near-vertical slopes of the mountain chain.  T’kel, Perlin called it.  Charley nosed the ship upward to clear the tops of the summits.  As she did so, the ship’s sounders got a better angle on some movement just beyond the nearer peaks, in a ravine.  A burst of clicks exploded inside the cockpit—the sounders couldn’t cope with all of them.  Charley cut the jets completely, just in time to see both tillet break and scatter, lumbering away from the ship as fast as they could.  They left a trail of terrified squeaks behind.
“Charley!”  Perlin’s voice came through the echopod loud and clear.  “Charley, look!  Ahead of us--!”
Her cry filled the cockpit with horror.  Rising from the ravine was a dark swarm of mah’jeet.
They billowed out of the mountains, staining the sea a deep crimson, swelling like a wave across the crests of the hills.  It was as if the oceans had shuddered, and shaken trillions of dirt clods loose.  The swarm spanned the whole of T’kel’s outthrust slopes, for as far as they could pulse in either direction. 
“It’s a full bloom of them!” Charley cried.  She re-fired the jets, to back them out before they drifted into the middle of it, but she had waited too long.  The tillet had distracted her and now the jets were getting clogged.  They sputtered and died off noisily.
Their own momentum was carrying them into the very heart of the bloom.  Already, streaks of crimson had splattered the windows of the cockpit.  Frantically, Charley flushed the intakes with water from inside, then shut them tight.  That helped to expel any of the creatures that might have drifted into the circulator.  But they were closed off from a fresh source of water now; the supply in the cockpit was litor’kel and useable, but it wouldn’t take long for it to foul, with the circulator off.  Six people would deplete it in less than a day.
She had no propulsion.  They were at the mercy of whatever stray current might come along and it seemed they could not avoid drifting deeper into the bloom.  There was an agonized silence—and the scent of helplessness—as the ship went deeper and deeper.  Soon, the veil had been drawn.  Mah’jeet crushed against them, crinkling, scraping, grinding, the weight of trillions upon trillions of them squeezing the cockpit, bleeding their deadly purple toxin in rivulets over the windows.  
They were trapped in a sea of death.  The slightest leak would be fatal and Charley and Perlin and the rest of the crew soon imagined scores of them.  Every thump and hiss and click and whistle of the ship was magnified, the sound reflected off the mah’jeet veil back into the little craft.  
Charley listened, dreading what she knew had to come, avoiding the frightened stares of Azhtu’s crew.  How big the bloom was she couldn’t say.  It might reach for hundreds of beats, maybe thousands of beats, along the spine of the T’kel.  It might be only a local upwelling, a result of the seething volcanoes to the south.  She forced herself to remain calm, to hear none of the sounds that played around them.  It was critical that she recall what she knew about the creatures….  
…unicellular microscopic organisms…she told herself, sounding to her own ears like an encyclopedia…the mah’jeet cluster in vast fields in equatorial waters, often near active ve’skort, where they can feed on rising columns of mineral-rich water…
  Charley was watching the spreading purple stain slowly envelop the cockpit bubble…mah’jeet are mildly irritating to most Seomish in small numbers…but they tend to swarm…in large numbers, they are deadly…
She had no way of really knowing where they were, or where they were going.  The ship sounders worked, barely, but the constant low clicking was deceptive.  If they had drifted deep into the patch, it was likely the mah’jeet themselves were so thick they would affect the echoes.  And even if she had known precisely where they were, she could have done nothing.
The ship jets were effectively dead.
Perlin’s voice seemed on the verge of panic herself, which surprised Charley.  
“What can we do, Commander?  Is there anything…are we going to—“
“Perlin, be quiet.  You pulse like a lost pal’penk…you’ll frighten the rest of the crew.”   Charley studied the useless instruments before her.  Idly, she tried the throttle; it burbled, sputtered, gagged, then quit.  Nothing she did could make it work again.  “The jets are completely clogged.”
“We’re trapped, aren’t we?”  Perlin said it with a strained calm in her voice.  
Charley hesitated before replying.  
“For the moment,” she finally replied.
Perlin seemed satisfied by Charley’s answer.  “Shooki has turned the currents against us.”
Charley wanted to argue but decided against it.  Perlin was like that.  Arguing with her would change nothing and she couldn’t change her mind anyway.  
“Is there nothing we can do?” Yaktu-James spoke up.
“The way I pulse it, we have several choices.  There is a possibility that we haven’t drifted very far into the mah’jeet patch.  We might still be on the fringe of it.  I don’t know that for sure.  But it’s possible.”
“You think we could roam through this…you’re crazy.  You can’t mean that.  Look at the poison.”  Inside the cramped confines of the ship’s command deck, Perlin rubbed the porthole gingerly with an armfin, as if she were afraid it would burst on contact.  “Death flows all around us.”
The intercom chirped.  It was Terpyt, the Defensive Systems Operator back on E deck.  “Anything we can do to help?  Are we stuck here?”
Charley turned back to their predicament and said to Perlin.  “I have something in mind.  It involves a grave risk…it might not work.”
“What is it?”
“Remember how I flushed the circulator when we first entered the patch?  To keep any ‘jeet from seeping in here?  I had to use this water to do it.  We lost a good bit doing that but it gave us some time.”
“How much do we have left?”
Charley did some quick checking.  She sniffed the water for pressure, then said, “Since I had to turn the circulator off to seal the bubble, we have no intake of fresh water now. We’ll consume all the oxygen in the water in about a day, maybe less.  The pod isn’t even being re-circulated at all.”
“A day,” said Perlin.  “A day to dream.  If we had tekn’een, we could remember everything, re-live it, in a day….”
“I want to do more than re-live it.  I could try flushing the circulator again, with this water.  If we aren’t too deep in the patch, the force of the water being expelled might push us out of it.  Of course, it might push us in deeper as well.  And we’d have less water than before.  That’s the risk.”
Perlin contorted herself in the cramped confines of the cabin, pressing up against the porthole to see out.   She wondered what the other Amphibs thought about all this.  “The bloom’s too thick.  Even if you used all the water in the ship, the mah’jeet are too dense.  We wouldn’t move a quarter beat, if that much.”
“Well, there is another way.  An alternative.”
“Yes…?”
Charley ran her fingers over the circulator handle, feeling it give slightly.  She was keenly aware how closely the crew was following everything she did.  “I could flush the cockpit more slowly….”
Perlin thought she had misheard her words.  The bloom did distort echoes.  “You mean….”
“It wouldn’t take that long.  But we’d all have to agree.”
Perlin was stunned at the very idea.  “What about the mission?  We’re all tekmetah to Orkinah.  After all we’ve worked for…all you’ve worked for, how could—“She couldn’t even complete that thought.
There was a heavy silence between them.  Trillions of mah’jeet suckled against the cockpit bubble, mashing themselves into a viscous fluid that was patiently crushing the portholes out of shape, deforming their structural patterns, dissolving chemical bonds.  An opaque screen of purple had cut off virtually all light, leaving the ship in darkness.  Inside, the water was warm and suffocating, rich in the scents of fear.
The low, delicate chittering of the ship sounder stopped, then thumped.
The first faint whiff of an idea came to Charley, something she never thought she might have to do.
Again, a thump, something massive.  Thump-thump.
“—Perlin, you’ve known me long enough to know that—“
A louder thump-rattle.  A series of them.  Whump-thump.
Perlin was deathly hoarse.  “What…is that—“
THUMP-thump.  THUMP-thump.  Kreeee…kkkthump….
“Perlin, be still…be quiet…I think—“
They both listened for a few moments to the sounder.  The thumping continued, interspersed by muffled screeches and whistles.  A burst of bubbles erupted in Charley’s belly.  She smiled at the feeling.
“It’s the tillet.  It has to be.”
“The tillet?”
“We nearly ran into them, remember?  They sensed the mah’jeet before we did and bolted.  Now they’ve come back.  They must have taken a liking to the scent of this ship…they’re curious about us.”
Perlin could neither see nor pulse anything outside the porthole.  She hoped Charley was right.  “How can they survive inside the mah’jeet bloom?”
“They can’t.  We must be near the edge, like I hoped.  Otherwise, the sounder would be useless too.”
“Then, there’s no way they can help us, is there?”
Charley thought for a moment.  “Maybe there is.  I don’t know if it’ll work though.”
Perlin’s voice seemed firmer, like she had made a decision.  “Commander, we don’t have the luxury of selecting our risks, do we?”
“No.”
That seemed to strengthen her.  
Perlin could pulse the ship’s interior even from the command deck, though the echoes were jumbled, mixed Amphib and Seomish.  Still, she knew Charley well enough; her returns always stood out.
“You’re thinking of a thought-bond, aren’t you?”
Charley admitted that she was.  “But these tillet are true Seomish tillet.  Everything is different: the pulse-width, their way of thinking, their codes of cognition.  I’m not full Seomish, like you and Keenok and Yaktu.  The tillet might not respond.  Even if one of us could make a bond, it would be fragile and uncomfortable, maybe even frightening to them.”
“So what do you have in mind?”
“I don’t know if any of the tillet would give up its life for someone not of their kel.  But if we could somehow entice one or several of them to penetrate the mah’jeet swarm, with enough speed, they might bump us hard enough to knock us out of the swarm before they died.”  She stopped, realizing what she was saying.  Tillet were valuable animals; it was likely that someone had spent a long time binding these animals, perhaps to the very point of making a life-bond with them—that was not so unusual.  Losing them, even a few, would be a bitter and painful loss.  Their deaths might even be transmitted across the sea, though that seemed impossible.  
Perlin pulsed her concern and Charley couldn’t ignore it.  “We don’t have a choice.  I’m sure the bondmaster, whoever he us, would understand.”
Charley listened to the thumps again.  Perlin was right.  Each time the tillet crossed the sounder beam, it pealed its outline to them, beckoning them.  If they escaped the mah’jeet, Charley promised herself that she would seek out the bondmaster for these tillet and beg his understanding.  Yes, even being shame-bound would be proper, she decided.
“Perlin, you remember how to do this?  I’m Amphib…my head doesn’t work the same way.”
Perlin nodded grimly.  “I learned it as a midling.  But I learned it with Urku tillet, Earthborn animals.”  Still, she told herself, I am fully Seomish myself…I know how these animals think.  “Okay, here goes….”
Think as the Seomish would think.  Yes.  Now, comes the scent, the slightly salty water of the Orkn’tel.  Very pungent, you could sniff it even on the Omtorish side of the Serpentines.  The boundary seas were always shifting, weren’t they?
But first you have to reach.  You have to find the current.  Great Ork’lat runs in our veins, swift and pure.  The world is only a tributary.
Think as the Orketish would think.
Patience.  The Ork’lat is eternal, after all.  Place a finished potu pearl in the Current of all Currents.  Let it drift and think no more of it.  When the time is right, when Ork’lat wills it, the potu will come home.  Pulse alertly!  It comes from the other direction.  The same pearl, untarnished by outkel odors, untouched and undiverted, the same pearl has ridden all the rivers of the world.  Ork’lat protects it.  Ork’lat brings it home.
Think as the Orketish think.
Tell me, Perlin: do you ever tire of roaming in the boundary seas?  Repeaters are so restless.  They need so much t’shoo, but that’s wrong.  No!  Smother that.  It’s not as we think.  Love is our tradition.  Ke’shoo for all, kelke or not.   Can you pulse the smoothest echoes, and let all the rest be stilled?  That is Ke’shoo.  Pulsing for the tender, for the delicate, for the sublime.  Pulsing for the heart. 
Think as the Orketish would think.
Have you ever sniffed raw potu?  No current ever brought a more elegant, more glorious scent.  That is the scent of this kel.  Reeking of potu, that is Ork’et.  The measure of things.  The prize, the treasure, the vortex of azhpuh’te.  The center around which all revolves.  Shooki carved us from potu, cleaved a living being from the gemstone itself and named her Ork’et, the Daughter.  And even today, in the dim light of glowfish, Orketish skin flashes with the alabaster luster of the pearl.
Think as—
Who’s there?
Patience.  Self is a piece of Noobit keeoh.  Self pulse his pulses, hear his echoes, scent his smells.
--drifting with no feeling; it’s a ticklish touch you have—
Is this Noobit?  My bondmaster?  Koo’shet fails this one.
I am bondmaster.  Listen to me…I am…am bondmaster…you hurt me.  What is that?  You ache for scent?  Is that it?  I feel lost.  Sore.
Shipscent is gone, where is shipscent?  Self gulps need for bondmaster.  This one sniffs no shipscent.
Shipscent is here.  Listen to me.  I am bondmaster.  Shipscent is trapped.  Mah’jeet bloom has shipscent.  You can sniff.  You can help.
Self gulps no bondmaster.  Koo’shet weak.  Hurtsting.  Hurtsting.  No bondmaster.
Listen to me.  You must help.  Shipscent is in danger.  
Noobit binds self to shipscent.
Self can help free shipscent.  Self must enter mah’jeet and find shipscent.  Shipscent will fade, disperse.  You must stop it.  Bring us out—
Hurtsting.
No, don’t fade.  Stay.  I am bondmaster.  Don’t leave us, kah, don’t leave us now.
Self gulps bad koo’shet.  Mah’jeet hurtsting.
Listen to me.  Self?  Shipscent will end.  Shipscent will die.  Help us.  Bondmaster will die.
No.
Yes.  Noobit knows.  Ask Noobit.  If shipscent dies, self will die.  Shipscent is trapped in mah’jeet.  Self must recover it, quickly.  Before it ends….
Self will die.
--I have no words for this feeling—
Self bound to shipscent.
--it is like being hollow, all my blood rushing out—
Self?
--like the lash of a thousand prods, ripping at me—
Self?  Self!
--like the ertleg’s claw raking me from inside, like the scalding—
Something heavy slammed into the ship, jolting them hard.  Charley shouted.  A porthole had cracked.  A trickle of purple squeezed in.  But the ship was moving, there was no doubt of it.  They were bumped and bumped and bumped again.  Outside, even the thick mah’jeet couldn’t muffle the agonizing shriek of death.
More purple dribbled in, coagulating into spheres, drifting about inside the cabin.  The bumping had stopped.  Charley dared not breathe—had she imagined it?  She shook herself out of her trance, watching Perlin, and felt her legs go numb.  A sphere of the toxin had brushed against her.  Frantically, she thrashed it off before it could dissolve into her skin.  Already, the dizziness….
But it was true.  The mah’jeet were thinning out, sliding off the bubble-like sheets of tissue. A veil was lifted and she could see the craggy cliffs of the T’kel.  The sight made her smile, laugh and Perlin soon joined in from her seat aft of Charley’s.  All that barren rock, that brown and gray mud, was more beautiful than all the fields of eng she had ever seen.
 Still, they weren’t completely free of the mah’jeet.  Faint webs still clung to the bubble, holding them in the swarm.  Knots of purple filaments drifted nearby.  They had stopped moving and if they didn’t act now, the natural motions of the swarm would suck them back in deeper.
Charley shivered; some of the poison had already entered her bloodstream.  She tried the ship jets.  Nothing.  They were so close, yet still within the grasp of the mah’jeet.  Something…there had to be something she could do.
They had one chance.  She was shuddering, growing more numb every second.  So far, the rest of the crew hadn’t been affected, but Charley could see they were both confused and scared.  She reached out and felt the circulator handle in her hand.  It would take the last of their breathable water and if it didn’t work….
She twisted the handle, to open the water intakes.  She could taste the oily excretions of the mah’jeet inside the bubble now.  One of the crew, it was Yaktu, started to panic, thrashing about.  Keenok held him tightly, trying to comfort him.  Charley’s pulses were erratic.  Her vision blurred.  But she couldn’t worry about the others now. Still, she felt for the handle.
She pushed it in.
The first second was the longest.  Charley was sure it hadn’t moved.  It had been jammed shut by the weight of the mah’jeet and wouldn’t budge.  
The next second brought her the truth.
The force of the ship’s water being expelled kicked them hard.  The craft spun slowly and seemed to fly apart all at the same time.  Charley succumbed to the drowsiness but not before she tasted the welcome saltiness of T’kel water rushing over her gills and face.
They were drifting freely now, away from the mah’jeet.  Something massive darted by in front of them but Charley didn’t have the strength to focus on it.  Instead, she pulsed that they were sinking.  T’kel will catch us.  T’kel will—
The ship finally came to rest on a narrow ledge.  

It was an insistent beeping that awakened Charley.  The contact alarm again.  Perlin was unconscious, spent from her thought-bond with the tillet.  Charley squeezed out of her seat and went aft to check Perlin’s panel.
The same contact they’d seen before.  Possibly the Ponkti ship.  
She roused Perlin slowly.  Her navigator was drowsy and her beak lolled about until Charley’s sharp voice came through.
“Perlin!  Perlin lu, wake up!  Contact alarm.  I need your eyes.  Give me a heading.”
Slowly, Perlin came around and focused on the contact.  “One-half beat to the right, Commander,” she mumbled.  “Stay true on this course.”
Charley fired up Azhtu’s jets and was gratified to hear the welcome thrum of the propulsors churning.  She got up some speed, gave the mah’jeet bloom enough distance and turned to Perlin’s calculated course.
Ten minutes later, the contact alarm was chirping continuously.
“Less than a beat ahead,” Perlin announced.  “Target is stationary…pulsing multiple targets now.  Small returns.”
Charley brought the ship to all stop.  “They may have left their ship.”
Yaktu-James stared out the porthole, seeing nothing, then returned her attention to the pulse display.  “Maybe we should do the same, Commander.  A little recon wouldn’t hurt.”
Charley thought that was a good idea.  “Okay, we’ll move out.  Terpyt, you stay on board.  Keep your pulsing going…this may be a trap.  Everyone else…to the lockout.”
Charley cycled outside first with Yaktu-James and found the water of the Ponk’el Sea cold, dark, dense and salty.  Her gills burned and stung with the effort to breathe.  Jeez, this isn’t the Atlantic, is it?  And not my idea of a vacation spot either, she told herself.  The rest followed in quick order.
They pulsed around, with Perlin doing long-range scans.
“Commander, the targets are right at the edge of a small mah’jeet swarm.  Bearing two beats left, ten beats distance.  Maybe a hundred meters.”
“There’s something else,” Yaktu-James noticed.  “Hear those bubble streams?  You know what that is?”
“Thermal vents bubbling?”
“Negative.  We’re right on the outer boundary of sacred waters.  It’s the shrine…the Pillars of Shooki.”
Charley consulted a wristpad, with maps of the area.  Their own location showed up as a blinking dot.  Yaktu-James was right.  Ten, maybe fifteen beats ahead, were the shrine waters of the Pillars.  The most sacred waters in the whole world.
She took stock of the situation.  “I’m thinking our Ponkti friends are harvesting mah’jeet from this bloom.  Our mission is to stop them from bringing any more back through the Farpool.”  She pulsed down toward the seabed, not far below them.  A vast stand of eelgrass covered the ocean floor, leading off into the distance to a layered bank of elkhorn coral, mixed in with boulder coral that looked like massive cakes iced in pinks and greens, their tiers decorated with lacy sea fans, tube worms and feather dusters.
“Spread out,” she ordered.  “We’ll make our approach by moving through that eelgrass.  Get as close as we can and come up from below, confront them that way.”
“They’ll hear us,” said Keenok.  “They’ll pulse us moving.”
“Not if we’re quiet.  Tactical silencing, Keenok.  Spread out and move slowly, use the motion of the grass to mask our approach.  We should be able to surprise them; with any luck, nobody will be pulsing down toward the seabed.  Get your weapons ready, full charge on everything.”
Yaktu-James pointed out, “Commander, using weapons around the Pillars is a crime.  It’s a sacrilege.  Punishable by death.”
“I’m aware of that.  Nobody fires anything unless and until I say.  Okay, move out.”
The detachment left their ship Azhtu, with Terpyt still onboard, guarding the ship.  They drifted quietly down and embedded themselves among the long fronds of the eelgrass, the grasses undulating gently in the currents.
As quietly as they could, Charley and her team eased their way forward until quick pulses showed them right below their targets.  More and more, with each peep of an echo, Charley became convinced they were in fact stalking a squad of Ponkti harvesting local mah’jeet.
She motioned all stop.   The Operation Tonk’ro squad hung motionless among the grass blades.  When she had satisfied herself of what they were dealing with—only six Ponkti seemed to be above them—she waved her troops to ascend…smartly.
In a furious rush, Charley, Yaktu-James and the others rose abruptly.
Charley honked out a warning.
“PONKTI TEAM, STOP WHAT YOU’RE DOING!  YOU’RE SURROUNDED.  PUT ASIDE YOUR WEAPONS!”
Startled, the Ponkti thrashed about furiously, scrambling for cover.  Two of them released the net they were using to corral mah’jeet and withdrew their weapons.
A loud concussive BOOM! thundered through the water.  Then another.  Powerful shock waves scattered Charley and her team.  Charley found herself bleeding from one ear, her head rattled and her entire body shaking from the impulse.
“Return fire!” she croaked out.  “Return fire!”
More BOOMS! volleyed across the shallow ravine they were in.  Ice shards drifted down from the ice rafts at the surface.  Dead fish rained down as well, a blizzard of ice and flesh that momentarily blocked further exchanges.  A pack train of tillet hovering nearby bayed nervously, only barely calmed and restrained by their handler.  
A strong voice echoed across the water.  “I am Telpoteen!  These are Ponkti waters.  Trespassing slugs, leave at once or we will fire again!”
Charley maneuvered to their front of their squad.  She identified herself.  “Harvesting mah’jeet in these waters is illegal.  You know that.  These are sacred waters.”
Telpoteen growled.  “No Omtorish Amphibs tell Ponkti what to do in these waters.  We have the Metah’s approval.  Get lost, worms!  Or you will die!”
Charley figured a little discussion might be in order.  Their tactical situation wasn’t getting any better.
“Harvesting mah’jeet is wrong.  It affects the seasonal migration—” she knew that Seomish timekeeping had long been based on seasonal migration of the mah’jeet blooms.  “It affects the food chain.  It’s against Shooki Himself to do this in sacred waters.”
But Telpoteen’s answer was unmistakable.  “No more warnings.  This is our answer—” His final words were cut off by another BOOM! and a deafening volley of sound blasts followed.  The shock waves roiled the waters, scattered the mah’jeet swarms, and sent a blizzard of ice chips raining down of them.  Silt and eelgrass stirred and rose in blinding clouds.
“Hold your fire!” Charley commanded.
“Commander, I’m pulsing something—” it was Perlin.  “I think…yes, it looks like they’re moving off…echoes growing weaker, they’re definitely retreating.”
“Which direction, Perlin?  What bearing?”
“Toward the Pillars.  There’s a bubble curtain at the border.  Behind those bubbles, it’s sacred waters.”
“We should fire again,” said Yaktu-James.  “Stop them from heading inside the shrinewaters.”
“No!” said Yaktu.  “To discharge weapons inside sacred waters…Commander, that’s punishable by death.  We can’t do that.  Even to bring conflict and discord inside…it’s a terrible sin.”
Charley knew that.  Out of the corner of her eye, she spied the pack convoy of tillet in sluggish motion, heading out, following their handlers.  An idea came to her.
“Maybe we don’t have to fire on them.  Yaktu, Keenok, go after those tillet.  See if you hold them back, steer two of them back toward us.”
Faces questioned her.  “Commander, what do we want tillet for--?”
“Just do it!  Get after them!”
The two prodsmen scrambled after the stragglers of the tillet convoy.  With a lot of cursing and cajoling, tugging and shoving, they managed to separate the trailing two of the massive beasts from the convoy and nudge them back toward the squad.  It was like trying to steer a mountain. To help matters, Yaktu-James yanked off some eelgrass and fed them as they approached.  The tillet bayed and bucked a little, then slowly calmed down, and began placidly munching on the grasses offered.
“What are you thinking, Commander?” asked Yaktu-James, as he petted and stroked one of the beasts.
Charley knew from studying Seomish history that tillet were often used for long-distance cargo transport and it wasn’t unusual to come across trains and convoys of the animals plying the waters and currents between the kels.  It appeared that the Ponkti force was using them to carry sacs of harvested mah’jeet back to their own ship. Charley was counting on that to provide the cover they needed to slip unnoticed inside the Pillars of Shooki.
She helped Yaktu-James with the animals.  “These beasts have especially large pouches, Commander…the Ponkti must have special cargo for them.”
Yaktu-James and Charley worked to steady and calm the beasts down, securing them one by one to a branch of nearby coral.  
“Very special cargo, Yak…only this time, it’ll be us.  We’ll ride in the belly of these beasts, right inside the Pillars.”
This made Yaktu pulse in confusion.  “Us…inside the tillet?  How is that—“
Charley honked a command and the rest of the force assembled around the tied-down animals.  
“I’ll explain.  We’ve reconned Ponkti operations around the Pillars for the last hour.  We know what they’re doing here.  I’m thinking that every day, they probably receive their supplies from a train of tillet sent up from Ponk’t; they enter on the far side of the Pillars…there’s a gap between one of the columns, almost a trap door.  It looks like these tillet are specially bred and trained to carry kelke.”
“Almost like a kip’t,” said Perlin.
“Exactly.  I’m counting on the Ponkti being on schedule.  Our friends here can be used to carry us, individually, in their belly pouches.  Once we’re inside the Pillars, they’re trained to sniff out their fellow tillet…if we time it right, they’ll sniff out the next Ponkti delivery train.  We’ll join the convoy and that gets us through their sound and scent barriers and inside the Pillars.  When the time is right, we emerge.  And we come out fighting.”
“Even inside the sacred waters?”
Charley said, “We do what the mission calls for.”
And one by one, the muh’pul’tekel force disappeared into the swollen belly pouches of the tillets.
Moments later, by instinct and by training, the tillet pack leader stuck her beak into the flowing currents swirling over top of the eelgrass and then led her herd off, sniffing and hunting for the Ponkti logistics train that had disappeared ahead.  Moments later, the convoy passed through the bubble curtains that marked the sacred waters of the Pillars of Shooki.
Charley lost track of the time, riding inside the belly of the tillet.  It bounced and flexed and pressed in on her and she tried to make herself smaller to avoid antagonizing the beast.  Maybe this wasn’t such a good idea after all.
She had no idea what they would encounter when the tillet gathered with its siblings.  She could only hope that when that happened, the team from Azhtu would find themselves near enough to the Ponkti to engage.
Awakened from a light doze, Charley listened carefully to all the sounds around her.  She heard the rhythmic heartbeat of her own ride.  There were other sounds too, like a playful cacophony of squeaks and grunts.  The chatter rose to a high pitch and Charley made the decision.
Now.
She kicked open the belly pouch, startling her own tillet.  She had programmed her own echopod to emit a certain squeal when the time came to emerge and now, she triggered it.  The echopod went off, startling the tillet into a flustered thrashing.  Others joined in and the water was soon churning with froth as the tillet panicked and the Azhtu team surfaced among them.
They took a minute to gather their bearings.  The convoy of cargo tillet surrounded them in a tight circle, all of them bucking and squealing and grunting, trying to pull away from their handlers.  Ponkti held on to their beaks, trying to calm them, guide them back into formation.
When one Ponkti realized their own tillet had born Charley and her team inside the Pillars, inside the Ponkti camp, he let out a series of shrill whistles and shrieks.
And the battle was on.
The Ponkti force consisted of four Ponkti prodsmen, in formation.  They quickly surrounded the intruders and closed in.
Charley turned herself nose on to the closest prodsmen.  She accelerated and tried to ram her way through.  But the prodsmen were quick and skirted her advance.  Several prodsmen slashed at the her as she went by and the electric charge shot through her body.  In an instant, she was stunned into a stupor.  
In moments, the Operation Tonk’ro team had fully emerged from their rides and engaged the Ponkti force.  Charley shook off the worst effects of the shock and joined in the fray.
They closed the distance in seconds and the melee erupted in a shower of prod zaps and thrashing tails and swinging armfins.  The water boiled with fury and combat, made worse by a steady rain of ice shards and chips drifting down from bergs and ice floes at the surface.  
Charley found herself on the other side of a large stalactite of ice projecting down from above.  An idea suddenly came to her: the ice itself.  It was hard.  It was sharp.  If she could just break off a few pieces…they’d make great weapons themselves.  
She tugged and pulled on the shards, until at last one broke off, jagged and cocked.  Just in time, she swung around, backpedaling to avoid the Ponkti prod which flashed out and nearly swiped against her.
Can’t let that touch me.  
She lunged and managed to spear the side of the Ponkti attacker, drawing a stream of blood.  The Ponkti withdrew, recoiled and came at Charley again.  
They struggled for leverage.  The Ponkti was bigger, quicker, more efficient at moving.  But Charley was determined and for each slash of the prod, she managed to make a lunge and strike the larger attacker.  Soon, the water was stained with blood and Charley was beginning to find more and more openings.  Some of the schoolyard brawls she’d joined in at school came back to her.
Then there was a deafening explosion.  The shock wave came like a slap in the head and punch to the gut.  Charley reeled, stunned, and found herself momentarily drifting, her head spinning, her ears throbbing.  She caught a glimpse of her Ponkti adversary and saw a huge gray mass, barely moving, equally dazed.
Moments later, both combatants had recovered enough to regain the fight.  The Ponkti swiped and thrashed with the prod and once managed to brush Charley’s scaly skin.  The shock jolted her but somehow, she managed to recover.  Just as she was about to lunge again, another explosion thundered in the water, slapping them both with fists of shock waves.  Charley and her assailant both went reeling.
That’s when Charley saw what she was sure was a dream…materializing out of the ice-choked debris.  An apparition floated before them, tiny and serene, almost petite.  Pure white skin and delicate fins that seemed more like tissue.  Her beak was knobbed at the point and Charley sensed tingling again—like the k’orpuh, like the Ponkti prod, clearly she carried voltage.  
In her tiny hands, she held a small fist-shaped object, oval, with projections at each end.  The apparition shook the object and another deafening explosion came, a boil of bubbles and froth and heaving shock waves that flattened Charley and drove her deeper.  The Ponkti prodsman was nowhere in sight.
Yaktu-James’ voice came stuttering over her echopod.
“Eekoti Charley…back away quickly!  It’s one of the priestesses.  One of the mekli—let go of your weapon--“
The Ponkti had already done likewise, warily drifting at the outer edge of visibility.  Charley was dimly aware that the entire fight had stopped and all the fighters were coiled and poised, but no one made any movement. 
Yaktu drifted up beside her and physically dragged Charley away, relieving her fingers of the ice daggers she had fashioned. 
Her echopod chirped.  “This is one of mekli priestesses.  I’ve heard of this place…the old echopods we had in school.  We’re inside the holy waters…the Pillars of Shooki.  The mekli won’t let the fight continue…we’ve done a terrible thing.”
Charley was still recovering her senses.  Her ears rang like a bell.  “Didn’t they start it?  The Ponkti entered first.”
“It doesn’t matter.  Now the mekli have put a stop to the fight.  We’ll have to accompany her…make recompense to Shooki.   Look…they’re all around us.”
And Charley saw that Yaktu was right.  Dozens of the whitish figures hovered above, below, all around them, each bearing the strange oval suppressors.  
“They can detonate the water,” Yaktu explained.  “It’s a chemical reaction…closely guarded by the mekli.  They enforce the shoo’kel here.  The mekli will let nothing disturb these waters.  Only the most serene are permitted.”
“But why—“ Charley had about a million questions.  “The other guys were harvesting mah’jeet…they attacked us—“
But the circle of mekli was already closing in on them, herding both Ponkti, the Azhtu team and Charley into a tighter group.  Yaktu didn’t object.  The Ponkti seemed resigned.  Charley decided it was expedient to go along.
“Where are they taking us?” she asked Yaktu.
Yaktu seemed a bit nervous.  Something came through Charley’s echopod that didn’t translate.  Then: “Inside the Pillars, I think.  I’ve studied this.”
“What’s going to happen to us?”
“I don’t know.”
And with that, the circle of mekli priestesses, with their grenades and a line of fearsome-looking spearfish behind them, nudged their captives into motion.  Above them, the ice floes groaned and screeched as the bergs bumped against each other.  And above them all, a monotonous din of sound droned on.
Charley suddenly realized what they were hearing.  They had come through the Farpool to old Seome while the star-faring descendants of Earthborn Humans still occupied a military outpost on one of Seome’s few islands.  The drone was the vast weapon the Human crew was serving.
Charley found the pace easy enough to keep up with, despite her scales and webbed feet.  The ice pack played strange tricks with the light.  It coalesced in patches, forming apparitions that frightened and confused them at the same time.  Schools of scapet and tooket swirled in the twilight.  Thick clouds of sediment rolled along the bottom, obscuring everything.
And the huge floes rained chunks of ice down on them from above.
The captives bore on for what seemed like hours.  The sameness was monotony, agony, even misery.  They seemed stuck on the same course, wedded by sheer exhausted numbness to a heading that never changed.  Beat after beat of frozen tubegrass and ice mounds.  Unending hail from above.  Nothing living, save for themselves.  Only ice and ice and more ice: ice kels, ice kip’ts, ice tillet, ice ompods.  The image of it burned in their minds, searing their vision into a gray-white void.  For a brief instant, Charley felt herself falling, as if a whirlpool had reached out and grabbed her.  She welcomed the giddiness gladly—it was something she could still feel.  It washed over her like the great currents themselves, strong, overwhelming, a wonderfully delicious feeling of helplessness. 
This was worse than her own Circa around the Atlantic Ocean as a midling several years before. 
And then, there it was.
The berg was so large that it blocked a clear view of anything beyond, refracting most of what little light there was off its chalky white slopes.  But even with that, the presence of a vast structure, dense and hard, could be felt.
They slowed their approach and came into the holy waters of the Voice with hushed awe.  Charley watched the reactions of both the Ponkti and her own team-- Yaktu, Perlin, Keenok and Yaktu.  Guess I’d better act the same way.  The Pillars rose up out of the silted bottomland like legs of rock.  Cruising near the seafloor, the captives and their guards circled the Pillars completely, gulping in the scented waters voraciously.  There seemed to be no way in.  After several circuits, they halted and settled in a clump of tubegrass half a beat away.
The mekli seemed to be waiting for something, perhaps a signal.
Then it came.  High on the side of the nearest Pillar, a ring of bubbles swirled around the edge.  The stream was emanating from a narrow elliptical crevice.  One of the mekli separated herself from their guard detail and poked her beak into the crevice.
In that moment, powered by some device Charley couldn’t see, the entire side of the Pillar grated and groaned and started moving to one side.  The mekli entered.  The captives were herded inside after her.
Yaktu pulsed gently.  He had heard about this back on Earth, heard tales from the old ones who had come through the Great Emigration.  Inside, steep ramparts scattered echoes in all directions.  Charley hung close by, watching her friend’s amazed reaction.  A complex network of chapels, crypts, cells, catacombs and other chambers would be dimly sensed.  Above the ramparts, heavy bedrock foundations loomed like a crest, tapering out of sight as they extended upward into the Pillars.  It was a tight and uncomfortable wriggle to get inside.  Charley hesitated, then squeezed through.
They were in a tiny cave, sectioned by a post in the middle that seemed to have buckled.  It was dark—the only light came from glowfish trained to float through the corridors in set patterns, casting their spectral copper light in diffuse ovals in the bare stone walls.  They went half a beat or so, then came to an intersection.  More corridors merged in the crossing, leading out in every direction, above, below, and beside them.
“Where are they taking us?” Charley whispered into her echopod.
Yaktu’s voice came back hushed, strained.  “The Judging Chambers, I suppose.  We must be quiet here.”
They could have taken any of the corridors, but the mekli leading the convoy chose one passageway that angled off on the other side of the post.  It was soon apparent that the corridor wasn’t really a corridor at all, rather more like a tunnel, low and cramped.  Charley could barely kick her legs.  It was quite uncomfortable—she could hear someone behind, maybe one of the Ponkti, grumbling at the effort, hard even to get a full breath in such close confines, but the discomfort was alleviated somewhat by a savory blend of scents that filtered through the waters, an amalgam of smells that would have really been delightful if she had been able to breathe more deeply.  
Charley tried a pulse—it sounded more like a bad cough, earning a glare from several of the mekli—and found that the tunnel widened a few beats ahead.  There was more light too—glowfish she was sure, since the mekli seemed to abhor anything artificial inside the Pillars.  But it was pitch black in the tunnel.  Almost like a burrow, hollowed out down through uncounted spans of time, the tunnel sides had been worn completely smooth, for which they were all thankful.  Otherwise, they would have skinned themselves badly.
Charley heard Perlin’s voice on her echopod.  “The water is so still,” she said.
Yaktu agreed.  “It must be the shape of the chamber…pulse how it damps out any currents.”  He thrashed an armfin to disturb the water.  Sure enough, the waves died out in seconds.  The chamber crossing was designed to maintain an imperturbable tranquility.
Indeed, the Pillars pulsed much like a womb.   Perlin was the first to notice that and say it.  All her life, Perlin had heard stories from her elders about the serenity of the place, the warmth, the concord, the strong bond of Ke’shoo that it made with all comers.  Nothing was unaffected.  That explained the constricted spaces and the pleasant scents: the mekli had re-created the ancient womb of the cave cities here.  Like Old Kengtoo, they had preserved in sharp redolence the scents of the first days, down to the most ethereal details.  The Pillars mirrored and embodied the timeless aspirations of all Seomish: Ke’shoo and Ke’lee and Shoo’kel, the inward eye blind to anything beyond the immediate concerns of family and kel.  
Their mekli guard detail herded them on, through one maze after another, indifferent to the discomforts of the trek.  The lead priestess could be heard swooshing well ahead of them, leading them deeper and deeper into the Pillars, into the Quarter of Melodies, where the shape of the caves altered the quality of their sound.  There seemed to Charley to be no meter to it, only the vaguest sort of melancholy, yet the water whispered with definite musical tones.  Wonder what  Urku bands would make of this place as a venue? she thought.  The tunnels had now widened the deeper they went into the Pillars, making it easier for her to keep up with everybody else. 
They traveled an endless and confusing course through the tunnels; all the time, it seemed to Charley, they were ascending.  On occasion, the faintest, fleeting tinkle of notes rippled by them, like delicate chimes being gently tapped.  There would be voices too, or what seemed like voices, whispers just beyond hearing, though Charley sometimes thought it was no more than the ever-present swish of the water.  They were herded through fairly large caverns as they ascended, caverns dimly lit with glowfish and among the shadows, Charley could make out faces: forlorn, sepulchral, and weary.
“Pilgrims, resting after their journey here,” Yaktu told her.
Through narrow tunnels and rock-hewn chambers, the guards and the convoy followed the mekli.  Yaktu knew from his history studies that the Pillars of Shooki did not stop at the surface; they extended well beyond, far into the Notwater.  They were still ascending, traveling the convoluted labyrinth of corridors, occasionally coming upon larger caves and crypts, and he wondered.  How far would they go?
Tradition had always said the Judging Chambers were near the pinnacle of the Pillars.
The mekli brought them to the edge of a cliff, at the end of one of the tunnels.  Even as they approached, they could pulse through the opening that the cavern beyond was deep and wide, and filled with fast-rising columns of water.  It was at the core of one of the Pillars, hollow from its bedrock foundations to its majestic pinnacle high above the surface.  
The mekli priestess then lunged from the cliff and caught one of the streams.  It whisked her away from the opening and carried her upward.  She soon vanished beyond an overhanging ledge.
Prodded by the guards, one by one, the Ponkti and the Omtorish and Sk’ortish captives launched themselves into the midst of the currents.
The water was both brisk and exhilarating.  It carried them rapidly along, past other landings and portals, sweeping them toward the summit of the Pillar.  Yaktu and Perlin both tried pulsing in the direction they were heading—seven full beats later, the first echoes returned.  A tiny ring of white light capped the heights.
The mekli was somewhere above them, no more than a blip in the pulse.  Her tail was dimly silhouetted against the brighter background.  Below them, the trunk of the cavern spread out into the vast hills from which the Pillars had been formed.  The walls beneath the bottommost shelf of landings widened to an immense grotto, the floor of which was covered in exquisitely sculpted stalagmites.
But as they rose further, the radiance from the top washed out all other detail.
A blinding white blaze enveloped them.  The light of Notwater, Yaktu realized.  He had often dreamed of this.  Painful, penetrating, it cascaded down and streaked the water with shafts of luminous blue-green.  Yaktu clutched at his eyes; Charley did likewise.  They throbbed from the exposure and she found they were useless.  Opening them, she saw only a shimmering glow.
Yaktu pulsed and found the top of the tower near, a beat or so away.  Even as he tried to sort out the confusing echoes, the lifting current slacked off and they drifted aimlessly for a minute, barely touched by the fringe of the current.  Other currents dispersed here too; it was a gathering point for entry to the Echopods.
Another tunnel, this one smooth like a pipe, bent around in a wide sweeping curve.  They were wriggling straight up and the waters murmured to them with a mischievous stealth.  Voices, hushed and furtive, sprinkled the pauses in their own swishing.  The tunnel straightened, leveled out and the mekli slowed down, whispering for silence from the captives and guards.  Now the voices were clearer, sharper.  The Echopods.  Distinct accents.  Inflections.  Someone trilling, arguing.  A bass reply, deep and ponderous.  An aria.  A flurry of oratory, crisp and pointed.  
The passageway widened abruptly and suddenly, the voices were everywhere, swelling in unison, falling away, crackling and whistling, a chorus softly floating.  In the next moment, the chorus faded and the voices rose again in argument, thousands of them, strident yet gentle, firmly commanding, clashing, conflicting, filling the Chamber with incessant chatter.  Yaktu felt Charley and Perlin bump him from behind.  He opened his eyes.
The glow was dazzling, resplendent in shades of amber, gray and white.  It is Notwater, Yaktu breathed.  The light streamed into the Chamber from all sides, as if the water itself were ablaze.  Despite the intensity, Yaktu held his eyes open to see and wonder.
The Chamber itself was oblong.  Panels of some transparent substance wrapped the walls.  The floor was arrayed with rows of cells, each of which contained one echopod.  More cells lined the walls between the panels.  Open holdpods swayed from the ceiling, their bowls carrying scentbulbs.  One scent predominated, aromatic and sweet.  That brought a smile to Perlin.  She had worked with this scent before, on Earth.  The waters were litor’kel and shoo’kel, and the Voice of the Echopods steadfast.  Shooki’s Voice.
But it was what he saw through the transparent walls that made Yaktu tremble.
They were now above the surface, in this Chamber of Echopods, thrust like a sharp blade right into the very heart of the Notwater.  Though the glow of the day was fierce, Yaktu blinked in amazement at the view.  Even Charley seemed speechless at the sight before them.  Beside them, Perlin and others stared in mute fascination.  Yaktu had seen Notwater before, the first time was the Circa back on Earth, when as a midling he had made the great voyage of passage and snuck up to the surface for a peek.  He thought himself accustomed to its mutable and marvelous scenery.  But this—the Pillars of Shooki revealed aspects of that dry and harsh world he could never have imagined.
All about the Pillars, the bleak and desolate white of the polar icecap stretched to infinity.  A solid flat plate, littered with mounds and hillocks and wind-shaped edges, frozen and silent.  Above, a hoary sheet of gray clouds scudded by.  Yaktu gasped at the sight while Perlin gouged at her eyes.  Something moved.  The hillocks had legs—a head—a spiked tail—
“Puk’lek,” she whispered.
It was true.  The entire convoy stared in wonder as hundreds of seamothers, half-buried in snow, reared themselves and shook the powder off their backs.  As one, they marched past the Pillars, honking, bellowing loudly, heading for a fissure in the ice on the other side of the Pillars.  It was half-hidden by the snow-dusted bulk of the towers, but even so, the beasts could be seen waddling into the frigid blue waters, wallowing for a few minutes, then submerging in a spray of foam.
There were now several mekli in the Chamber, along with the guards.  The mekli were attending the Echopods, listening, arguing their interpretations of the Voice.  All the pods seemed active together and the sayings, parables and utterances of pak’to Shooki were at once both confusing and reassuring.  Their own mekli beckoned them deeper into the Chamber and slowly, prodded by the guards, they complied.
“This is the Judging Chamber,” she told them.  “Listen to the Voice.  The Voice will soothe you.  Let it enter you and fill you with the right shoo’kel.  The waters of this Chamber are the standard.  Shoo’kel here is correct for all kelke, everywhere in the world.  Now, speak the truth to me…why have you come to the Pillars and disturbed these waters with violence in your hearts?”
The Ponkti spokesman was called Telpoteen, a muscular fellow, with scars along his face and beak.  “Ke’mekli, I am free-bound to Loptoheen, tukmaster and tekmetah to Potereenah, Metah of Urku Ponk’et.  We have a simple mission: we were commanded to come here and harvest mah’jeet for our people.  We were commanded to herd puk’lek, two seamothers, for our medicines.”
The chief priestess considered that.  “You disturb the Voice of Shooki with what you do. These are sacred waters…you know this.”
Telpoteen was defiant, “These waters are part of the Ponk’el Sea.  We may do as we wish in our own homewaters.”
“You may not bring violence and conflict before Shooki.  It’s punishable by death…do you not understand this?”  The chief priestess glared at Telpoteen with frail eyes, then turned her attention to Charley.
“And what of you?  Why do you fight these kelke in the waters of the shrine?”
Charley looked around her team.  Guys, you can chime in any time you want.  But no one said a word.
“Ke’ mekli, the Ponkti have brought a great sickness to my world.  To Urku, in the far seas.”
This made the chief priestess scrunch up her face into a mask of pain.  She had just pulsed Charley and studied the echoes, echoes of pain and suffering.  
“What is this world…this Urku?  It is in the far seas?”
“The farthest seas, ke’ mekli.  We came through the Farpool.”
The chief priestess consulted with the other priestesses.  They whispered and argued with each other for a few moments.  Finally—
“We know of this Farpool.  The great vortex of the people of the Notwater who are called Uman.  They and their machines make the Sound…this wavemaker threatens all of us.”
Charley went on to describe the Purple plague.  “We too have a mission.  All of us—” she indicated Yaktu, Perlin, Keenok and Yaktu—are also tekmetah…to Orkinah of the Urku Omtorish.  We’re bound to stop these…the Ponkti…from bringing more sickness to our people.”
Yaktu offered more.  “Ke’ mekli, we also came to find seamothers…the stories say that the milk of a seamother can stop the sickness.”
“Yes, yes, we know these stories.  But no one may gather puk’lek from the Pillars without Shooki’s approval.”  The chief priestess waved the other priestesses forward, warning the captives to “be still.”
The priestesses sprang into motion and circulated among the Ponkti and the Omtorish, pausing momentarily at each, pulsing and reading the echoes.  After a few minutes, they returned to hover beside the chief priestess.  All of them whispered and chatted excitedly among themselves.
One priestess, pointed her armfins at Telpoteen.  “This one hides something.  I’m sure of it.  The echoes don’t lie.”
Telpoteen spoke up, without permission.  “We have a right to do as we want…these are Ponkti waters.  We take only what is ours,” he emphasized, glaring back at Charley and Yaktu.
Yaktu was ready to respond, but the mekli held up her hands.  “Talk no more.  Listen to the Voice instead.”
Yaktu held his tongue.  “Ke’mekli, what does the Voice say?  We can’t hear it here.” He glared at Telpoteen with scarcely disguised contempt.  “There’s too much noise.”
“O’ my loo’sheen, the most wondrous things.”  The mekli pulsed with radiance.  “It speaks of love and shoo’kel, the balance of all seas.  Of Ke’shoo and Ke’lee and every virtue.  The Vish currents and destiny.  The Dialogues.  The reciting of charms and beatitudes.  The Be’shoo’keen of principal ecstasies.  The Voice is profound and fluent, for truth is like Seome itself, inexhaustible and imperishable.”
Charley wanted to press home her point.  “Urku…my world… is in danger, ke’mekli. Even Telpoteen can’t deny that.  The Ponkti even have a word for it: ak’loosh.  Obliteration.  That’s what we face from them if we can’t stop the sickness.  The Ponkti want the sickness to grow.  They want to drive us from all the seas of Urku.”
Telpoteen exploded in fury.  “Who says the Omtorish are the only ones who can—“
Yaktu wriggled away from Charley’s grasp and made to lunge at Telpoteen but stopped when he saw the mekli produce a sound grenade in her hands.  “The Ponkti can’t monopolize the seas of Urku, ke’mekli.  The other kels have a right to live and grow…it’s not just Ponk’et.  The Sk’ort, the Eep’kostic…they all think as we do. Look at us…our force is Amphibian, Omtorish, Sk’ort and Orketish. Let—“
But the mekli would listen to no more argument.  “You’ve both infected the sacred waters.  The Voice speaks, even now.  Judgment is made…there is no alternative, no middle ground here.  Both sides must be consumed…”
Before Yaktu or Charley could answer, another mekli intervened, a younger one.  She darted forward into the center of the gathering and waved her armfins abruptly, scattering those nearest to her.  A few scowled indignantly and sulked at the interruption, but this mekli had prevailed, had heard the Voice more clearly, and assumed the right to address them.   She extended herself to full length—she was graced with the most supple of skins, a polished veneer of milky gray that shone like porcelain in the brilliance of the Notwater light.  Charley tried pulsing her and envied her self-control.
“This argument is both curious and troubling,” she began, twitching at Telpoteen.  “We find no solution in the pods that can be deciphered.  That doesn’t mean Shooki has no answer—only that he conceals it from us now.  That is Vish.  But Puk’lek is a different matter.  Here, the Voice is ambiguous, telling us in one instance that she is to be feared and respected, a shield against the intrusions of the aliens, and in the other instance, that she may serve us in ways both great and small.  There is room for either interpretation.  It’s clear, though, that what you desire, Yaktu, does exist.  The Voice speaks quietly and eloquently of the value of maintaining shoo’kel.  Your method, a way of talking and persuading and convincing and even debating, the Voice is convinced that this is the way.  Understand me: the Voice is firm in saying that no kel, nor single kelke, may possess the seamother.  That is Vik’t.  But to engage with her, to talk with her, offer help to her and request help from her…this the Voice finds appropriate.”  This young mekli now darkened when she addressed Telpoteen and the Ponkti contingent.  “On the other hand, the Voice cannot allow the waters to be disturbed.  Telpoteen, and my Omtorish guests, what you do, though done through bonding with your superiors, cannot continue.   The Pillars are for thought, reflection, tranquility.   The Voice cannot be misinterpreted on this: disturbances must be smoothed out, they must be dampened out quickly…or no one will hear anything.  Puk’lek will have these kelke now—“she swept her armfins in an arc, indicating all of the captives.
Even before Charley could respond, the guards had moved in and thrown a large mesh netting over the group.  Someone shoved her out of the way…it was Yaktu, backing away from the circle of mekli which now closed on the doomed Ponkti.  One was chosen—his name was Golok, Charley would learn later.  Much to her consternation, Yaktu was also chosen.  The two were separated from their groups and forced into a circle surrounded by the mekli’s prodsmen.
There was a swirl of thrashing and struggle but it was useless. Telpoteen fought briefly but was stung into silence by a mekli who administered a sting from a small creature she kept in her hands.  Charley tried to pull Yaktu back—they would need their Quantum Tech for the return to Earth but it was hopeless, for the prodsmen quickly intervened.  
Golok and Yaktu glared out from behind the mesh, sullen and grim.  Guards secured the net and began hauling it toward one of the translucent walls.  Beyond and below them, at the foot of the Pillar, seamothers trundled back and forth across the icescape, butting heads, bellowing and honking, feeding, sensing a meal. A light snow began to fall, softening the scene. 
Charley hadn’t seen it before, but the wall had a small hatch embedded in it.  The guards positioned the netting with Yaktu and Golok inside in front of the hatch.  One of the mekli came up and spoke to the captives.
“Kesh, ke t’shoo’lee opmah…Tekmah puk’lek vish tchuk’te.”
Charley’s echopod tried to translate.  “Shhkkrreah…judgment is final…the seamother keeps our waters undisturbed.”
With that, the seams of the hatch split apart and the hatch opened.  Water flowed briskly into a small outchamber beyond the wall, almost like a pouch made of rock.  The guards shoved the netting with the two sacrifices inside through the hatch and into the outchamber.  Then the hatch was closed. 
“What’s happening?” Charley whispered to Yaktu, who waved her silent.  Still mystified, Charley watched as the mekli stuck her beak into a round horn-like opening beside the hatch, whistling and clicking, issuing some kind of strange commands.
At that moment, the outchamber opened to the Notwater.  The netting plummeted from view and slid down the outside of the Pillar, rolling and tumbling and bouncing all the way down to the ice below, directly into the gaping mouths and salivating jaws of the seamothers gathered there.
The seamothers flailed and thrashed and bellowed and churned almost as one in their efforts to consume this unexpected dinner.  Chase shuddered at the sounds issuing up from the icecap…teeth clicking, claws slashing, cries and screams and then…silence.  Only the sounds of ravenous eating.
The seamothers had begun to consume the doomed prisoners.
The mekli turned back from the hatch.  Her face was sad, but set with a hard edge of determination.  “So it is that disturbing leads to disturbing.  Pak’to Shooki is now satisfied.”
“Jeez, she killed them, dumped them right into the seamothers’ mouths—“  Charley could hardly believe her eyes. “Why did—“
Yaktu murmured to Charley quietly, making sure to show only a pleasant demeanor to the mekli, “They violated the holy waters by attacking us.  They disturbed shoo’kel.  Keep quiet, eekoti Charley—“
The mekli now took an interest in this unusual creature of the Omtorish.  She whipped her tail and came to float directly in front of Charley, then reached out her arms and hands and felt her face. “You are not Omtorish…tell me, talkative one, from what kel do you come?”
Charley looked helplessly at Yaktu and Perlin.  She didn’t know what to say.  Yaktu tried to intervene.
“She is eekoti, ke mekli.  Not of these waters.  She visits with us through the Farpool.  In fact, we came to stop the Ponkti from harvesting more mah’jeet.  And to see if the stories of the seamother’s milk are true…that it stops the mah’jeet poison.”
The chief priestess frowned with concern.  “The stories are true.  For thousands of mah, kelke have drunk the milk of puk’lek to ward off mah’jeet poison.  However, the seamother is beloved of Shooki.  She may not be diverted from her natural waters without his approval.  Only one who is worthy may harvest her milk.  Shooki judges this and only he will decide.”
Now Charley was intrigued.  With Yaktu’s help, she asked, “How does Shooki judge who is worthy, ke’ mekli?”
The chief priestess nodded knowingly at the other priestesses.  One of them scooted over to a nearby wall.  The wall was filled with all manner of niches and openings.  A single echopod lay inside each.  The priestess withdrew one and gave it to the chief priestess.  
Brandishing the pod, the chief priestess said, “Shooki judges through the azhtee’ot.  Listen, my loo’sheen and hear his words—”
The pod was activated and a whispered, almost hoarse voice came streaming out, a steady burst of clicks and whistles, honks and bellows.  Charley’s own echopod could barely keep up.  She turned to Yaktu helplessly.  “Can you translate?”
Yaktu waved her quiet.  
For many minutes, the ceremony of the azhtee’ot was explained.  When the pod was done, the priestess replaced it in its wall niche, while Yaktu quietly translated what had been said.
“The Voice—that was Shooki’s voice we heard—says that azhtee’ot is a test.  A test to see who is most worthy and who can bond most successfully with a seamother.  Basically, Shooki says whoever the seamother listens best to, they can harvest her milk.  Charley, if it’s possible a seamother’s milk really is an antidote to the mah’jeet, to the Purple, we have to do this.”
Charley blinked, not really believing what she was hearing.  “So how is this bond done…is it like you drink their blood or something…like the tekmetah?”
The chief priestess took up the explanation.  “Each of you will choose one of yourselves to bond.  Whoever can bond most successfully, whoever can control the seamother and bring her into the Notwater, this kelke will Shooki allow to harvest her calves and her milk.”
Charley turned to Yaktu, whose face was a squint of concern.  “Doesn’t sound so difficult.  So one of us drinks something, huh?”
Yaktu was sympathetic.  “No, Charley.  One of us has to go inside a seamother…be ingested and make the azhtee’ot bond that way.”
Charley stifled a small chuckle.  “I’m sorry…what?  Go inside?”
The chief priestess added, “This is how we control and bond with puk’lek.  From inside, you will be able to bond with her mind and nerves.  From inside, you will talk with puk’lek in ways she can understand.  Shooki commands this.  Whoever among you the seamother listens to will have Shooki’s blessing.”
Charley looked from Yaktu to the priestess and back.  “I’m sorry…it’s just that I’m having a hard time with this.”
Yaktu said, “Ke’mekli, may we return to our ship?  We have to discuss this.  Decide who is to be chosen.”
“As do we,” Telpoteen spoke up.  His Ponkti comrades were already nervously mumbling among themselves.
“No,” the priestess was firm.  “You must remain.  But quarters will be provided for all of you.  And food and drink.”  With a nod, she directed the prodsmen to take charge of the two groups.
They were escorted through a bewildering and dizzying labyrinth of tunnels and floatways, back inside the Pillars, below the ocean surface.  It was all a blur to Charley Meyer.  An hour, a day, she couldn’t recollect any of it.  Only the image of what she had seen the seamothers just do to poor Yaktu and the Ponkti captive Golok stuck in her mind.
And someone’s going inside one of those monsters?

The quarters were small but comfortably furnished, a hollowed-out cave embedded somewhere in the base of one of the Pillars and well-guarded by a squad of fierce-looking prodsmen.  They were given ample to eat and drink but Charley found that her appetite had vanished.  
Fortunately, the Ponkti captives had been taken somewhere else.
Charley sat propped against a ledge, munching ertleg claw, watching her crew.  They flitted aimlessly about the cave, faces grim, eyes staring at what she could only imagine.  She decided she needed to do something to change the mood.
“Anybody ever hear of this procedure, this azhtee’ot, before?”
For a few moments, no one responded.  Then Yaktu-James came to a stop in his circling, hovering near Charley.
“My grandparents came through the original Farpool in the kel’vishtu, the Great Emigration.  Years ago.  They sometimes told stories of people being eaten by seamothers and surviving.  Apparently, it was some kind of test, or rite of passage.”
Charley shuddered.  “Sounds gruesome.  Almost medieval, if I understand the word.”
It was Terpyt, their Defense Systems Operator, who voiced what was on everyone’s mind.
“They shouldn’t have taken Yaktu.  He was a good tech.  It wasn’t right.  He never had a chance.”
That seemed to open the gates.  Feelings and anguish poured out.  The endless circling around the cave picked up speed, becoming almost frenetic.
“Hey!  Stop already!” Charley yelled.  “You’re making me dizzy.  Just stop, okay.  Yeah, I agree.  The mekli shouldn’t have taken Yaktu.  Maybe we should have intervened—”
Perlin disagreed.  “It’s the way of Shooki. If we’d intervened, we’d have been zapped by those prodsmen.”  She closed her eyes and let the faint currents drift her about.  She wound up wedged in a crevice near the bubble curtains that formed the entrance.  “I don’t follow it but anything that disturbs pakto Shooki is bad.  There has to be compensation.”
“By letting Yaktu be swallowed whole?” cried Keenok.  “What kind of compensation is that…it’s murder.”
“Remember where we are,” said Perlin.  “This is old Seome.  The old ways apply here.  I’m not saying I agree with it, or believe in these fairy tales, but we’re here…we have to deal with the environment the best we can.”
Charley said, “When we were picked for this mission, we all knew there could be casualties.”
“Well, what about Operation Tonk’ro?” said Yaktu. “How are we supposed to stop the Ponkti from grabbing a few seamothers…or harvesting more mah’jeet?  We can’t very well do that in here.”
“We could break out,” Perlin suggested.
“And go where…we’re deep inside the Pillars.  Hundreds of prodsmen around us.  Seamothers outside.  Where would we go, huh?”  Keenok was at his wit’s end, frantically kicking and flippering around the cave, bumping into walls, slamming bare rock with his armfins.
“That’s enough,” Charley warned them all.  “Let’s cut the chatter and use the time to take stock of the situation.  Tactically, we do have options.  Maybe the best approach is to disable or destroy the Ponkti ship.”
Yaktu considered that.  “Or destroy them.  It could come to that.”
“We have to get out of this prison first,” observed Perlin.  “And it looks like the only way to do that is to win this azhtee’ot contest.  Who wants to be eaten by a seamother?”
For a long time, nothing was said.  Charley tucked her arms around her knees and tried to bury herself against the wall.  She didn’t like the way eyes were beginning to turn in her direction.  Slyly, furtively at first, then more and more directly.
It gave her the chills.
“No way, troops.  I’m not doing this,” she told them.  “Look at me.  I’m Amphib.  No, we need someone who’s at least full-blooded Seomish…Perlin, or Keenok…they’re Seomish.”
All of a sudden, everyone was talking at once.
“I don’t believe in this fairy tale—”
“This is nonsense—”
“I say we break out, engage the prodsmen and take our chances.”
Against her vehement denials, all eyes continued to return to Charley.  
What would Reynaldo do? she wondered.  He’d kick ass and go off his way.  He’d take the ball and run it down the field.  He’d drive the ball right through the goalie’s stomach, score the winning goal.
But this wasn’t megaball.
She tried closing her eyes.  But when she opened them again, the others had come to a hover right in front of her.  Girl, you’re the commander, you slug.  When you’re in command, command.  Drive that ball home.
With her eyes still closed, Charley gritted out, “I’d never ask any of you to do something I wouldn’t do.  When I joined Farpool Service, I didn’t figure I’d be signing up to be some serpent’s dinner.  But here we are.”  She looked down at her webbed feet and kicked at some loose silt, which stirred and rose like a small cloud in the currents.  God, by Shooki, I hate this place.
“Okay, I’ll do it.”
After that, the next steps came quickly.  The captives informed their guards that a ‘volunteer’ had been selected and it would be Charley Meyer, Farpool Service jump commander, serial number F-1187735, thank you very much.
One of the prodsmen scooted off into the murk and a few minutes later, returned with a priestess.  She seemed new and unknown to all of them.
Charley presented herself, as bravely as she could.  “I’m the one.”
The mekli pulsed Charley up and down, inside and out.  She stood at attention, as if it were some kind of inspection, which, she figured it probably was.
The mekli announced her findings.  “I pulse many things, azhtee’oti.  Confusion, anxiety, fear, a small measure of courage.  All of this is normal.”
Charley chanced a glance back at her crew.  Faces came back a chaotic stew of hope and wonder and a million questions and a growing concern.  “What’s next, ke’ mekli?”
The priestess tried on what passed for a smile in Seomish females.  “Not to worry.  You must come with me.  There is much to do to prepare you for azhtee’ot.”
With that, Charley found herself in the company of a squad of prodsmen, led off into the cold dark of the lower Pillars, their dim columns like giant’s legs in the faint light of the deepwater. 
Reynaldo, wherever you are, whenever you are, I love you, you big jerk.  If I get out of this, I’ll be kicking your ass from here to Keenomsh’pont and back…you can count on that.

The prep consisted of several hours of verbal, sound and scent training for Charley’s little jaunt inside the digestive tract of a dragon.  The mekli priestess conveyed Charley to a narrow slit of a room near the top of one of the Pillars, in the highwater and within sight of the surface.  Strong light filtered down from above, lending a stark shadowy appearance to the crevice-like opening.  Here, using echopod instructions, scentbulbs and her own armfin motions and a scaled mockup of a seamother, the priestess explained what Charley had to do.
Her head swam with all the details.  
How will I ever remember all this?
Before she was ‘ingested’ by the anesthetized seamother, Charley would be sealed inside a protective capsule, called an ot’lum, provided by the mekli.  Once safely inside the beast, she would exit the ot’lum and begin azhtee’ot bonding. 
She trained on how to use the ot’lum’s scent guidance to navigate inside the seamother to her lower stomach.  There, she would briefly exit the capsule, and manipulate the peristaltic network nerves to achieve azhtee’ot bonding.  Once the bond was established, Charley was supposed to ‘guide’ the seamother into the Highwater and cause her to breach into the Notwater.  If Charley could do this before the Ponkti volunteer, the mekli would allow the Omtorish to take two live seamothers back through the Farpool.
Charley learned that the stories were true.  The female seamother secreted a substance called pukl’een during the birth process that shielded her and her newborn from mah’jeet toxin.  Since the Purple plague bacteriomechs had inside their core these same molecules, using the pukl’een substance to block mah’jeet molecules would have the effect of inhibiting the operation, maneuvering and replication of Purple bacteriomechs.  Thus, pukl’een was effectively an antidote to the Purple. 
However, the priestess warned, there would be obstacles to Charley being able to control the seamother.  One was the ever-present Sound caused by the Uman Time Twister/wavemaker, which frightened and angered the seamothers.
Charley also knew there was a rapidly approaching deadline for the great ak’loosh, the supernova that Charley and the Omtorish and the Urku Ponkti knew was coming.  They had to take several seamothers back through the Farpool before the ak’loosh, or there would be no Farpool…or Seome for that matter.
Once inside the captive and sedated seamother, Charley would use the capsule’s scent guidance to navigate through the seamother’s digestive system, fighting off muscles and immune system antibodies, to where the peristaltic net penetrated her lower stomach.  For Charley, it was sure to be an eerie and unnerving experience, reminding her of when she was briefly a captive of the Urku Ponkti years ago on a trip to the Pacific…a time when she was captive and in solitary confinement in a tiny cave.  But she knew she had to succeed at this task.  
When the priestess left her alone for few moments, while preparations were made to begin, Charley tried to focus on the scent signals and on more pleasant thoughts like making love with Reynaldo.  
Girl, you did volunteer for Farpool Service…you remember doing that, don’t you?  
When their ship Azhtu finally returned through the Farpool with two seamothers in tow and a squad of defeated Ponkti behind them, Charley figured by then she’d be plenty bold enough to ask Commodore Tonk’et for a raise and a little more hazardous duty pay.
If she got out of this alive.

Charley Meyer’s Echopod Journal Entry #2

Well, at least, I have a few final moments to talk to this gadget about what’s been happening.  Believe it or not, I’m about to be swallowed whole by an anesthetized seamother…a freaking dragon, for God’s sake.  How do I get into these messes?  We followed the Ponkti to the Pillars of Shooki and were trying to engage them, but the local witch doctors stopped us.  They took all of us into custody and said nobody gets out until one of us demonstrates we can bond with one of these beasts…they said this is how we pay off Shooki for disturbing his damned waters.  I mean, really!
I sort of got volunteered to be the lucky girl and when I get back to Urku…to Earth, I’m definitely asking for more hazardous duty pay.  I’ve been through some kind of training.  One of the priestesses was my teacher and coach---Reynaldo, you should draft this priestess for the team…she’s not half bad.  Maybe a little impatient.  But no megaballer ever went through this kind of training.
I’ll be in some sort of capsule-like thing when I go in.  Supposedly, I’ve been trained on how to navigate the thing.  It can’t be any harder than navigating the Farpool, but it’s definitely different.  All by scent, sound, taste and feel…the capsule controls are wild!  When I get where I’m supposed to be, I climb out…yuck! right into this creature’s stomach and somehow bond with its nerves.  After that, I’m supposed to guide the animal up to the surface, actually above the surface, and then I do something to trigger the dragon to disgorge me, or crap me out or something.  Rey, believe me, you can’t make this stuff up.  If I beat the Ponkti ‘volunteer,’ and get crapped out first, I win.  Yea!  Do I get a medal?  Nope.
But I and my crew do get out of jail.  And we get to bring two live seamothers back with us through the Farpool.  The priestess said the old stories are true.  These critters do have something in their milk that is kind of an antidote to the Purple.
We could be like heroes.  If I don’t wind up being consumed first.
Rey…Rey, really, we need to talk.  Of course, I’m afraid.  Nothing in my Farpool Service training or the mission training made me ready for this.  I wish to hell I were back on Earth now, just you and me, surfing the big ones off the promenade at Muir City.  I’d beat your ass just like I always do, you big jerk.  
When I joined the Farpool Service, I never dreamed I’d wind up doing something like this…but what the hell, the mission comes first.  Oops…here comes Coach Fishface.  Got to go.
Like we always said at the Farpool Academy…Tempus regit!

End Recording.
Chapter 8

Seome
The Pillars of Shooki
September 10, 2195 (Earth Standard)
(Pre-ak’loosh 781.2 Epoch of Tek’potu)

The mekli insisted that Charley would have to be put to sleep before the insertion could begin.  The Voice was quite specific about that.  No one had ever survived the change, it whispered to them, not from the First Days to the time of Teng’tel and the lowering of the seas right into the contemporary metamah of the Epoch of Tek’potu, without first letting themselves be put into preparatory coma.  
Charley lay nervously in a sleepsling in a laboratory near the Echopods.  The soft hiss of the Voice was audible and on occasion, she could pick out words, sometimes whole phrases, uttered simultaneously in many different dialects, most of them so arcane she couldn’t place their origin.  She amused herself trying to decipher them; it reminded her of stories her grandparents Chase and Angie had told her as a young child.
She asked the mekli attending her to describe what she was about to go through.
The mekli preparing a series of injections answered her.  “That we cannot do, loo’sheen.  The Voice has not revealed the manner in which the bonding is to be created.  We listen carefully and follow its directions.  But we do not know what it will require of us.  Or of you.”
“You said my consciousness would be merged with the seamother…the puk’lek.”
“The Voice is known to speak figuratively of certain matters.”
“If such a thing happens, will I be able to come back?  In that capsule?”
The mekli tested the sharpness of the needle against her armfin, flinching at the prick.  She drifted over the sling, while another mekli bit Charley’s skin to numb it.
“Kah, lok’teh tal’p, do not worry yourself this way.  Let me pulse the right shoo’kel for this change.  That’s better.  The Voice does not say what is to come, only what we must do to complete the change.  Be still for the injection.”
 She inserted the needle and bled its narcotic into Charley’s body.  Warmth trickled from the puncture and spread quickly.  Drowsiness followed.
Now completely unconscious and immobilized, the two mekli transferred Charley to the capsule and sealed its hatch.  Then they towed the capsule to the seamother pen, where a single serpent lay still, herself immobilized.
The capsule was inserted carefully into the seamother’s mouth, after prising apart her rows of sharp teeth.  Her throat was massaged until she swallowed the ot’lum.  After that, the mekli departed.  Moments later, the gates to the pen swung open.
When the seamother awakened, if all went well and the mekli had followed the Voice properly, the beast would emerge from her hold, with a new master inside her.

She awakened with a pounding headache, pounding to the heavy rhythmic beat of a heart.  With a start, Charley suddenly realized where she was.  A dull, oppressive heat soaked into her muscles and the water was too salty and impure for her taste…onkel’te, the Seomish would say.  Charley choked and gagged for a minute, until she adapted.
She was still inside the capsule, which was still, its instrument panel hissing and flexing at her.  She’d never really been able to get the hang of sound-powered controls.  The panel was filled with rows of membranes shaped like the heads of spoons, each one beating and flexing to its own rhythm.  Experimentally, Charley bent near to one membrane and clicked at it, hoping she was doing nothing bad.  Instantly, the side hatch swung open.
The stench was overpowering and Charley gagged again, nearly vomiting her insides up. 
Not sure I wanted to do that.  She wondered if the capsule had completed its journey.  The mekli had told her it was automatically guided through the seamother’s gullet and deeper into her digestive tract.  When it had come to a stop, she was supposed to climb out.
Ugh.  Just the thought of that made her ill.  Was this the place?  She decided to climb out and check her surroundings.
Charley found herself trying to stand up on some kind of pinkish pulp mounds, which throbbed beside her head, beating in a weird rhythm with her own heart.  Between the mounds were stretched translucent veils of skin, ribbed with red and blue arteries, billowing back and forth with the same rhythm as the mounds.  A heavy arch of cartilage was dimly visible on the other side of the skin.
Charley shuddered and moved slightly, feeling her amphib tail slide over wet, stringy cords.  She looked down and saw muscle tissue—it could only be that.  She was inside this chamber, feeling trapped in the folds of tissue.  Each throb of the chamber only confirmed her suspicions.
She tried to remember from her training what to do next, where to go.  First, she tried to stretch out for some leverage but got nowhere.  Instead, the chamber started contracting, squeezing her into a painful contortion.  Charley hit her head on an outcropping of hard muscle, then nearly slipped into the crease between the mounds.  The chamber was now lurching, bending out of shape.  She struck the glistening tissue hard with her armfin, inadvertently scraping one of the delicate veils.  Instantly, there was a deafening gasp, a whistling rushing sound.  Before she could recover her balance, Charley was raked with a fierce blast of air.
 The blast took her breath away and scoured the chamber clear of water.  Charley gulped for oxygen and cringed when trains of bubbles in her bloodstream pinched her nerves.  Her vision blurred and she knew for sure where she was now.
Right in the belly of the beast.
How the hell does an Amphib girl from Keenomsh’pont wind up in a place like this?
Even as she struggled, the walls of tissue tightened around her.  Her vision was getting worse but she could feel the chamber closing in, contracting.  She felt dizzy and slashed at the muscle and bone, hoping to rupture the vessel so that she could somehow climb out of this stewpot.  One of the veils tore loose and wrapped itself around her, crushing the very life out of her and only after completely exhausting herself, did she weaken its grip and manage to tear the skin away, feeling it shrivel in her hands as she did so.  Another blast seared her gills until it burned.  She hunted desperately for a way out.
Maybe I should crawl back into that capsule.  But she had a mission, and damn it, she hadn’t come this far to give up now.  Amphibs didn’t give up.
Not realizing she was speaking out loud, an echo of her voice hollowed back at her.  Somewhere back of that shield of tissue.  It spanned the mouth of a bony cavity, crinkled like dried pal’penk hide and was marbled with loops and twirls of fat.   It seemed the only way out, the only protection from another blast of that foul-smelling air.  Charley lunged for it.
She struggled forward, sliding over pulpy matter until she could press her shoulder against the membrane.  She shoved and found it tore easily.  The odor of damp tissue spilled out and Charley inhaled the humidity greedily.  She realized she couldn’t stay where she was—the cavity was her only hope of surviving.  She collected what breath she had left and dragged herself in, wincing as her hands scraped the edge.
It was a short, dark length of bone, not even half a beat—she found pulsing almost useless in the confines of the seamother’s belly, not that she was any good at echo-locating anyway.  She scrambled along the bone and found that it flared out onto a ledge of muscle.  Charley stuck her face carefully out of the canal and felt a welcome tingle of water lapping at the edge.  Still cold and salty, but a definite improvement.  She let the wave suck her into the pool.
She floated for a few moments in a daze of fatigue, not caring where she was or where she was going.  The mekli had said nothing about this.  Charley had thought they were preparing her for some kind of thought-bond with the seamother.  From a safe distance, maybe from inside the capsule, she would touch the seamother’s mind and merge with it, forming the azhtee’ot bond.  But that seemed not to be.
Had she seriously misunderstood something?  Had the capsule gone off course?
How could she blend her own mind with the seamother if she was inside her belly, fighting for her life?  Even now, she wasn’t sure where she was.   The mekli had said that puk’lek possessed two stomachs, yet she could not even be certain she was in those organs.  She felt a growing sense of panic, helpless and vulnerable in here. 
Get a grip, girl.  Remember your training.  Follow your training, like any farpooler.  Reynaldo would have laughed out loud at all this, the bozo.
Not this time, she told herself.  
A disturbance shook the waters and tumbled her.  Charley felt a wave carry her and she twisted in the curl of the wave to pulse the cause of the shock.  A huge stone was bearing down on her and she froze for an instant, horrified.  She lurched out of its way just in time.
She pulsed all around.  The waters were full of debris.  Scraps of fish—they looked like makum, mostly, with occasional pieces of eelot and teng.  Other fragments of flesh and bone she couldn’t identify.  She pulsed what she thought was a section of kip’t rudder.  Shards of plastic.  Roots and branches.  And everywhere she pulsed: stones and more stones.
She remembered some of the stories from old Seome, stories her grandparents Chase and Angie had regaled her with as a child.  In the sheltered mountain valleys where it liked to feed, the seamother was said to strip off slabs of rock and eat them, to help her digestion.  In one of her stomach chambers, the rock was collected and thrashed to help grind the food into more digestible pieces.
Charley saw the hail of rocks just in time.  Thousands of them, some larger than she was, swirled and collided.  Even as she watched, another contraction jolted the chamber and more rocks were pumped in.  They spewed into the gizzard from an opening at the far end.  Not just rocks.  Every kind of hard-edged matter possible.  
The seamother was preparing to feed.
 What’s on the menu for today, old girl?
The water was turbulent with all the thrashing. Charley was swept along by tides she couldn’t fight.  The gizzard was an enormous grinding chamber and the din of rock being pulverized was deafening.  She was struck often by sharp fragments and blood flowed freely.  She tried to protect herself but it was hopeless.  There was too much matter in the chamber.  It was only a matter of time she was ground down by all the rocks.
She spotted a tangle of branches drifting beneath her.  They hadn’t yet been broken up.  Charley realized it was her best hope.  She paddled hard through the thickening mush, nursing a badly torn armfin and pulled the stems apart.  If she could surround herself in time….
One branch broke, then another.  A heavy chunk grazed her fin.  She fought the stiff branches, clearing out a tiny space for herself.  There wasn’t much time left; breathing was becoming difficult again and she gagged on the broth.  She squinted in the heavy wet mist, searching for the capsule, then her heart sank at the sight.  It had been pulverized too, and now drifted past her in huge jagged chunks.
Strong currents stirred the sluggish waters.  She was being pulled, sucked to one end of the chamber.  The weight of all the ground matter shoved her abruptly into the branches.  She screamed in pain as her armfin was bent and shuddered with aching throbs.  The coarse bark of a branch raked across her face but she had no more strength left to do anything but grimace.  The spin was tightening and she clung desperately to the branches.
With a powerful rush, almost like a trip through the Farpool, tons of water and debris were forced into the lower stomach.  Charley found herself completely enveloped in the maelstrom. 
She was battered and buffeted until she lost consciousness for awhile.  The sheer mass of the gruel made the water hard to move through, dense and high pressure, a constant ache and exhausting to breathe.  Her gills burned with the effort.  Charley came to gasping, on the brink of panic.  A cold knot gripped her stomach.  The mekli had never said anything about this.
Charley pulsed around, checking out the surroundings.
It was a different chamber from the first.  The second stomach…yes, she had been told of this.  There were no more stones to grind against each other and the silence was eerie.  The pulp smothered her inside some kind of branches, languid now and warm.  It rippled periodically but was otherwise still.  Like being buried in mud, she thought.  She heard a distant crackling sound and she found the water slightly acidic.  She gulped tenderly—a definite taste of acid there, a trace bitter and brassy.  It was getting worse.
There’s no one down here to help me, she realized.  The thought frightened her.  But how the hell do I speak to the seamother from down here?  Get a grip, girl.  Get a grip.  You’ve been in worse places than this.  Just another world to explore.
She pulled apart the cage of branches that had sheltered her.  The water tasted stronger than ever and another moment of fear touched her.  She let it pass and dragged herself through the soft, moist pulp.
Pulsing was useless; the stuff was too thick to carry the pulses.  Much as she found it fetid and rank, Charley thought it best to try and follow the trails of scent she could smell.  Otherwise, she was blind.  The trails should lead her to some kind of impression about the chamber.
She picked out the strongest scent and stuck to it.  It shifted at times but she had no trouble picking it up again.  It was the strangest odor she had ever sniffed.
She tracked for a time, finding it hard to move through the pulp with any speed.  The scent grew stronger.  Charley stopped to rub her armfins and slides.  The water was acrid and her skin burned.  She rubbed it hard and tasted the film that came off.  Pure salt, stinging and hot. It was itching like a swarm of mud flies.
The pulp grew more and more abrasive and seemed to be eating away at her skin.  She brushed something with her armfin and jerked it back.  It stung badly.  Cautiously, she pushed at the object.  It gave slightly, then bobbed back, as though it were attached to something larger.  She probed further and felt a hard lining, probably the wall of the chamber.  A row of vesicles clung to a cord of muscle.
 She was about to turn back when the entire chamber heaved about and shuddered.  Instantly, the vesicles released their chemicals and Charley felt the sting and flinched.  It was like a hundred prods discharging at once.
She convulsed and grabbed blindly for the wall.  The bath had scalded her badly.  The vesicles had burst open and sprayed their contents into the stomach.  Digestive acids.  Teeth like knives tore at her skin.
Charley writhed.  I’ve got to reach it…got to reach thee nerve sac…the peristaltic nerves…to make the bond….
Her feet went numb and the acids clawed at her fins.  Needles ripped her and she felt paralysis spreading.  She had to find a way to reach the beast, before she was digested completely.
She struggled back to the wall of the chamber and groped for the muscle lining.  The acid seared her face but she didn’t back off.  She was blind and deadened but she plowed her face into the tissue, tearing at it with her teeth and hands.
The chamber shook violently and Charley clung to the muscle fibers.  Where there were muscles, there had to be blood vessels, right?  And where there were blood vessels, there had to be nerves.  She chewed, gnawed and pulled at the frayed ends of the lining, hoping to have some effect on the beast.
Again, the chamber trembled.  Charley felt the muscle fibers flex and the walls swayed obediently but the rip had severed many tendons and the force of the contraction wasn’t as strong.  She bit down again and the reaction yanked her out of the stomach altogether, into the midst of a bundle of contractile tissue.  The bands of fiber slid past each other, squeezing the breath out of her, pressing her along.
She was fatigued and near collapse.  The mekli training hadn’t prepared her for any of this.  In desperation, she reached out with a weak thought-bond, praying it would touch the mind of the seamother.  The muscle fibers extruded her into an airy cavern of cartilage, where she tumbled into a spongy bed of tissue and promptly sank. It was fragile and gave way easily.  Charley let herself slide until a thick tube struck her in the belly.  She wrapped herself around it.  It felt like an artery.  A major one.
She rested by dangling from it, gulping water and breathing deeply.  The acid had burned her gills but otherwise, she was unhurt.  She tried to think, to recall what the mekli had taught her about seamother anatomy.
If the artery was an important one, then she could not be far from the beast’s spinal cord, with its massive nerve bundles.  It might be possible for a thought-bond to work from there, since the nerve fibers led directly into the seamother’s brain.  She was such an immense creature that Charley had doubts that any thought-bond she could send would affect her, much less drive her to the surface, to breach into the icy air above.  But she had to try.  It was the only way the mekli would let them bring a few seamothers back to Earth, with her milk an antidote to the Purple.
When she was strong enough to let go, Charley slipped off the artery and burrowed deeper into the tissue in the direction she hoped would take her though the ribs and into the region of the spinal cord.  Sooner than she dared imagine, the first hard plates of bone could be felt, their worn slightly knobby edges extending well below her.  She tried pulsing and got a vague echo.  The scattering effect told her that large bone structures were ahead.
The end fibers of the tissue parted and for the first time, Charley had a clear pulse of her goal.  Through a misty network of bone, she pulsed the fat spinal tube of the puk’lek.  It was enclosed by the rib cage and twined about the bone as it extended beyond range in either direction.  It was waxy and off-gray to her fatigued eyes, thicker on the bottom than at the top.  Charley reminded herself that the ventral tube held the motor nerve fibers.  The dorsal channeled the sensory nerves.  She studied the structure for a moment, looking for a way to get across.  
A horn of bone projected from one of the rib plates, almost to where she was resting.  Charley gathered her remaining strength and reached for the end of the horn.  Carefully, she dragged herself along its curving surface, stopping frequently to get her breath.  The air was misty and warm, dense enough to soothe her gills but still harsh and sour.
She squeezed between the edges of two massive vertebrae and let herself slide the rest of the way.  It was like being at the bottom of the Puerto Rico Trench; she and Reynaldo had often sailed and dived in those waters.  The armor of the ribs made her feel less vulnerable to the seamother’s defenses.  The spinal tube itself was little more than a bulky tail of gelatinous matter, with thick lateral walls, a thin roof and floor plates.  A longitudinal groove ran along the side, dividing it in two.  Charley dropped from the rib horn onto the roof.
The cord quivered as she settled down.  She pulsed ahead, though the tunnel of ribs and found that just beyond the turn, the cord was intersected by several large trunks, branching off into other parts of the seamother’s body.  Nerves to her flippers, Charley reasoned.  That gave her an idea.
The seamother’s spinal cord was the nexus of the nerve network leading into her brain.  Through the cord would pass impulses going to and from her muscles, limbs and senses.  If she could somehow tap into the system here with a thoughtbond, she could effectively control the beast.  That’s what the mekli had tried to teach her.  She would be able to feel through her flippers and fins and sense with her eyes and echoes.
Charley wanted to laugh at the whole idea; it was ridiculous.  Yet what choice did she have?  The mekli had said they could only follow the instructions of the Voice.  Shooki meant for her to be here.  She would have to learn how to command the seamother on her own.
What kind of thoughtbond would it take to influence the seamother?  Hey, I’m not from around here, you know.  The very idea of merging her own mind with so awesome a creature, a serpent she had been taught in stories from childhood to fear and respect, was unnerving.  All the fascination and veneration Puk’lek had inspired through ages and ages of Seomish history swelled up in her.  You got to concentrate.  No panic.  She’s nothing more than a big Earthly cetacean, except she wasn’t, not really.
So think like a Seomish would think.  Her mother’s words from a thousand bedtime stories starting flooding back.  
The scents of the Kengtoo are timeless.  Sniff the waters—are they not redolent with the wisdom of the First Ones?  Kengtoo is like a great scentbulb, capturing the essence of each generation that comes to taste the waters.  You too must make the journey—her endless caves and grottoes await your pulsing even now.  Kengtoo is the soul and the memory of our people.    Are there more splendid and evocative scents anywhere on Seome?  None in all the oceans.
Think as the Seomish think.
Speak to me of the time before the kip’ts and I will tell you of hardship and loneliness, of isolation and danger, of ignorance and superstition. The kip’t is like a third armfin, a limb which spans the world and brings together the wealth and knowledge of all the kels.  Were there no kip’ts and no daring pilots to brave the treacherous Pulkel, our people would still huddle in dark Kengtoo, breathing only familiar waters and never sniffing adventure beyond the Valley.  
Think as—
--hunger—
Think—
--lunge and take—
What—
--strip flesh and swallow—not enough—nibble there—the hole—the hole—
What is that…that taste?  Bitter blood.  Spiny skin—it’s makum.  Barracuda.  I want more.
--chill water—hunger—hunger—there!—no food—probe more—probe more—so hungry—fins itch—tail hurt—so hungry—there!—lunge and take—strip and swallow—
More makum?
--best food—best food—more makum—probe more—probe more—
I see now!  I can see through—everything’s dark, turbid.  You have silt-eyes.  Look—gray tchukte.  That’s ice.  Ah, the pulse—I pulse—I hear now.  The echoes—they’re too strong—I can’t handle them….
--there!—more makum—lunge and take—lunge and take—no!—lunge—lunge—more to self—no!—lunge and strike!—tail slap!—aieouchhh!—tail slap!—hurt—hurt nonself—
What are you—too much pain!  What are you doing?  Hurt the nonself!  Hurt it!  It belongs to us.  Swing tail.  Eeioech!  Again.  Aieouchhh!  The beak—no?  The headcrest; use it.  Now!  Again!  Again!  Bloodtaste—onkelte.  Again!  Again!  Again!  See?  She dies.  She dies.  Water thick onkelte.  Flesh scraps—you hungry?  Lunge and take.  Strip and swallow.  Food is good. Food to self.
We prowl.  Yes?  We rest.  Glide.  Roam.  Vishtu—that is wrong.  I see the bottom.  Cloaked with black silt.  Ice columns.  They are like fingers.  Understand?  No?  I am kek’ot, part of you.  Together, we are a weapon.
I hear the ice too.  The jams scrape.  They’re tortured.  Much pulse of ice.  How far?  I say too many beats to speak.
I must learn bodysense.  Let me try—yes?  That’s the tail.  Large and heavy, so deadly.  I feel the itch.  Yes.  Much discomfort.  Between the spikes.  How do—
--scrape tail—ice bigpulse—scrape tail—bigpulse breaks—soothe tail—
You drag tail across ice?  Hurts to think of it.  More bodysense.  Nod back and forth.  Headcrest is not rigid.  Only angry?  I sense something—electric fields.  Very weak.  The rock under the silt—no k’orpuh?
--no k’orpuh near bigpulse—chill water—
This is the forepaddle.  I can hurt mountains with it.  Thrust.  Yes, very strong.  Thrust.  You roam with speed.  Thrust.  I enjoy this.  Thrust.  Thrust.
--kek’ot—kek’ot, fill self—hunger—hunger—probe more--
Not now.  I want to explore.  I feel the ache but we can wait.  Yes, you pulse far.  The ice is solid here.  Jagged under.  The tail itch is annoying.  Discomfort.  Distracting.  We will scrape tail.
--kek’ot, self not strong—bigpulse is danger—kek’ot—
Be quiet.  I am so clumsy—there!  You are—aiechhh!  Injured there.  What is wrong with—the muscles are sluggish—
--kek’ot, self hurt—many rocks fall—crush tail—
A slide?  Teng’tel?  It’s very sore but I think there is nothing broken.  I’ll test it.
--kek’ot—
Eioeggghhh.  Yes—with effort.  Mmmm.  With work.  I believe it’ll be all right.  Let’s rise.  Bigpulse will rid me of this itch.  You do pulse far.  I can even read the interior of the ice.  Beyond even.  There’s a hollow in the echo…is that—is it…Notwater?
--newbreath—kek’ot—
Newbreath.  I like that.  What is this extra membrane, near my gills?  The Echopods called it---a pharynx.
--for newbreath—
If I suck…aieouchhhh!  That was water.  Almost choked me.  What’s happening?  You’ve got nostrils here.  Do I take Notwater...newbreath…through them?  This I gotta try.
Here’s the ice.  Carefully.  Carefully.  I have a lot to learn with these limbs.  Argghh—that’s a sharp point.  My tail is so heavy, I can’t control it yet.  Slowly, yes, carefully.  Careful…yes, yes, that’s better.  How do you get these itches?  Scrape tail.  Scrape it on the ice.  Very tender.  The ice is scratchy and rough.  Scrape tail.  Do you do this often?
I have to try this newbreath.
--kek’ot, fill self—probe more—makum—makum good—
That can wait.   Here, let me pulse for a weak spot in the ice.  Very thick along here.  These floes are two or three beats thick.  What?  You will not understand kek’ot for a long time.  Stop annoying me.  We have a mission to perform…to get you upstairs, on the ice.
There!  Right in that arch—ice less than half a beat.  With this big-ass body, I should be able to break through.
--kek’ot, self in hurt—
Quiet!  Help me shift here.  I’ll try descending a bit and coming around with some momentum.  Kah, this water’s cold.  Definitely, not Keenomsh’pont or the mid-Atlantic.  I thought you’d have more fat.  Here.  We start rising here.
Flatten my headcrest.  It’s too fragile for the impact.  Up.  Up, faster.  Thrust.  Forepaddle here, forepaddle there.  Up and up and up.  I pulse it’s near—very near—coming closer—lunge and—
Eeeioyeeeggghhh!  (A splintering crack, rumbling…)
We made it!
--newbreath—
It’s…it’s…newbreath…so light, so free!  So smooth and weak and dilute!  And I don’t feel anything, no cramps, nothing.  Just an ache in my head, but nothing else.  I can breathe too.  
Can we get out of the water?  The mekli said I had to coax you right up onto the ice.
--bigpulse is weak here—too heavy—
We could try it.  If I can raise my back flippers enough—it scrapes, this ice.  I have to be more careful.  There.  This feels solid enough.  What a massive body you have, girl, yet graceful in a way.  Getting out of the water is a chore though.  I must learn these other limbs, how to use them.  Pressure here, force and mmmphhhh.
Up.  And breathing air.  It tastes---how can I describe it?  Don’t have the right words for this, for any of this.
Let me extend these limbs fully.  Kah, what a sight.  An infinity of white.  I could pulse forever here but air doesn’t echo well.  I could actually live here, in this incredible world.  Except for one thing…I know that sun up there is going kablooey and soon…got to get to work here.
--kek’ot, self weary—wetbreathe—more probe now—
I know.  It’s fatiguing.  But later, okay.  Later.  I have to experience this.  Nothing Reynaldo and I ever did could beat this.
What is this feeling of heaviness?  It’s so hard to move these limbs.  Is this some kind of new force?
--kek’ot, move now—bigpulse is breaking—
Yes.  Me too.  I’m so tired.  This force—I guess it’s gravity—drags me down.  Teach me how to move…the muscles are different.  This one?  These?  I’m beginning to feel…yes, forward, then forward and match it.  Like this?  I feel like I’m going to fall over.  Wow, this ice is pitted, very rough.  I can feel it.  My paddles are tender, very sensitive.  The difference is so startling, even a little scary.
Now, I’m in motion.  I think.  How would I stop?  Push here, pull back, like that?  This isn’t so hard.  Kek’ot will master you yet.
I feel---what is that, tickling my skin?  It cuts, like a cold current.  Notwater—air—is more like water than I thought.  Less dense but it flows.  And it’s getting harder to breathe.
Come.  I shall roam on these limbs.  Wonder how fast I can do that.
--kek’ot—
I have to know what I’m capable of doing.  Here, help me.  This one, then this one, and again, and again, and again.  Repetition, that’s the answer.  Swing the tail for balance.  Much like the water, back and forth.  Swerve and roll, swerve and roll.  I’m getting the hang of this, I am.
Here’s a hill.  I have to work my tail off—not really—to climb it.  The air’s so exhausting, you know that?  Why do you spend so much time up here?  Me, I’m amphibious.  I can go anywhere.  You must be too.  But up here, you’ve got no buoyancy—you have nothing.  Up to the top and swerve and rolllllll….
Aaaaaduuumph.
Hard.  Wow, breathing is hard up here.  I just have to…sit here…awhile….
--kek’ot, self is weak—stop newbreath…go back wetbreath—
Just…a time…longer.  I have to…gulp more air.  That’s better.  You need a lot of oxygen up here for this big body, don’t you?
Wait.  What was that?  Did I see something?  Swing onto my limbs, like so.  There is something moving out there.
Wow.  I thought those were hills.  More seamothers, jeez, dozens of them.  Look at them.  All stomping around, bellowing, snorting, honking.  I think I’ll—
--kek’ot, need wetbreath—
Not now, girl.  Wait.  Wait, what’s that pressure? Jeez, it’s inside me…some kind of push, a big thrust, then another, then another—
Let me twist around…oh, wait…another seamother…hey, what are you doing back there…get off me, you big—
--kek’ot, feeling sting—
Yeah, me too.  Wow…like electricity…wow, that’s…I don’t have any words for it…an electric pulse…crap, that stings…hey, watch it!  Stop pushing so hard—Reynaldo is gentler than this….
--kek’ot, need wetbreath now—
Yeah, I am out of breath.  Listen!  Hear that?  Yeah, I made that sound.  That deep, awesome bellow that goes on forever.  
Ow!  Stop that…oh, God…oh, Shooki…oh, that feels…I mean…ecstasy…that electricity, it’s….
Get away from me!  No, wait!  Eeeiyooggghhh!  Get away!  Electric…I can’t move.  Help me—I’m so numb, I can’t handle—
The thoughtbond is—
--dissolving—
What—
--self is free—
Charley lost consciousness after that and slid down a deep dark hole to a place she only vaguely remembered later.

When she came to, Charley felt herself cocooned in a wet spongy tube.  Jeez!  What the hell is that smell?  It smells like dead rats in here.
She struggled to sit up and found herself in a dark tunnel, a flexing and heaving tube-like tunnel filled with drifting balls of…something.  She had a brief thought—
No.  Hell no.  This can’t be.
Then the tube starting a cycle of heaves and contractions once more and she found herself tumbling along, end over end, pushed through by the soft, moist balls, cascading along deeper and further down the tunnel, like a train wreck about to go off the track.
The capsule she’d ridden inside the seamother was gone.  Pulverized by gizzard stones in one of the seamother’s guts.  
How the hell do I get out of here?
She vaguely remembered coaxing the serpent up through the ice floes to stand on an infinite plain of polar ice…the ice cap of this crazy world, she figured.  She’d done what the mekli had told her to do, had trained her to do.  Now, if she could just get out of this funhouse.
The thought came to her again and wouldn’t go away.  Hell, I’m in this beast’s intestinal tract.  And I’m about to be crapped right out—
There came a tremendous heave, a seismic quake that shuddered and shook and agitated and stirred and blended Charley and her ‘companions’ until the world turned upside down and suddenly, amazingly, she was out…outside…in a cold icy wind, tumbling down a small hill across the icescape, her companion balls tumbling alongside her.
But she was free!
And, just in time, she ducked as one of the seamother legs, then her tail, swept across the ice with a squealing scrape.  The serpent lumbered off with surprisingly agility, soon honking and snorting and bellowing happily as she joined a nearby herd.
Charley lay completely still in the freezing wind, holding her breath, still trying to get her lungs started to take in some of the cold, dense, air.  Every breath hurt like crazy, stung like dirty razors dragged across her chest, but in time, each breath became easier.
She lay still, testing every body part, one by one.  Hands. Check.  Feet, check.  Fins and paddles.  Sore, but check.
She was in the midst of this systematic inspection when the ice heaved again and shook.
Oh, jeez, not again.  She started to roll over and try to stand, but not ten meters from her aching face, the ice buckled upward, and a huge bulbous nose, a familiar shape, burst upward through the ice, shedding a blizzard of chips and shards, and came to rest, bobbing in the water.
Charley Meyer practically cried for joy.  It was the ship.  Her ship.  It was Azhtu.
And moments later, several familiar faces appeared at the F deck hatch.  Hands waved and motioned her forward and she crawled as best she could, helped in the end by strong arms pulling her inside, into warmth and light and heat and a circle of smiling faces…Yaktu, Perlin, Keenok and Terpyt…they were all there.
Charley let herself be dragged inside.  They bore her up the narrow gangway to the ship’s tiny sickbay on B deck and firmly put her to bed.  They plied her with hot drinks and something to eat and before she drifted off to an exhausted sleep, she managed to croak out:
“Did I win?”
Laughs and caresses were the last things she remembered before she drifted off.

When Charley awoke, she was no longer inside Azhtu, but underwater again, in a small barely lit chamber inside the Pillars.  Glowfish drifted lazily about the chamber, casting a spectral copper light on bare rock walls.  The walls were filled with niches and holes, each containing echopods and scentbulbs.
Two ghostly faces drifted nearby.  Mekli, Charley whispered quietly to herself.  Her mind was coming back, becoming clearer after her ordeal inside the seamother.
“Brave one, you have completed the azhtee’ot.  You have bonded with puk’lek and guided her into the Notwater.”
Charley blinked.  “I did?  Oh yeah…I did, didn’t I?  That was a wicked…I’m sorry—” Charley had to remind herself to remember her manners for these were holy waters.  “—it was a powerful experience, ke mekli.  One I’ll never forget.”
The priestess offered a hint of smile.  She stroked Charley’s hair and caressed her face webs. “No one who has done azhtee’ot comes away unchanged.  Now, you have a special voice.  The bond makes this firm.”  Her face changed abruptly as she glanced over at two others drifting on the other side of the cave-like chamber.  Charley hadn’t seen them before.  With a shudder, she realized they were Ponkti.  One was ashen-faced. Charley assumed he had also been inside the beast, as she had.  Knowing glances crossed between them.
The priestess was stern.
“Shooki’s voice is clear on this matter.  We have listened to the voices, listened to the pods, sniffed the bulbs.  The ruling cannot be disputed.  You, ke Charleymeyer, you have bonded with puk’lek in the way Shooki commands.  You were one with puk’lek.  You took her into the Notwater.  For a time, you were puk’lek.  Because of these things, Shooki permits your wishes.”
Charley looked at Yaktu, who drifted stiffly nearby.  “Does this mean we can—”
The mekli waved her quiet.  “Shooki permits you to take two seamother calves with you on your journey home.”
Charley’s heart leaped but she kept her cool and said only, “Of course, ke mekli.  We understand.  This is a great honor for us.”
“Ke Charleymeyer, you honor Shooki by becoming one with puk’lek.  Now, be quick with your efforts for the Sound of the airbreathers above us disturbs all waters and the End Times are near.”
Charley thought about the huge weapons battery on Kinlok Island, not far from the Pillars and manned by star-faring human descendants of the Earthborn airbreathers.  It was their weapon, their Time Twister, that created the Farpool and it was also their weapon that created unending waves of destructive sound that threatened every kel across this ocean world.
“Ke mekli, you must believe us.  The ak’loosh is coming.  The world will be destroyed.  You must come back with us through the Farpool to survive.”
This caused a stir as the mekli priestesses chattered among themselves.  Finally, the chief priestess said, “We stay among the Pillars and protect the holy waters.  Shooki will provide for our needs.”
Charley was about to object, but the two Ponkti moved abruptly to the center of the chamber.  One of them—Charley vaguely recalled his name was Telpoteen-- brandished a prod and waved it at the mekli, forcing them to the side.  Meekly, they moved.
“I am shamebonded to Potereenah, Metah of the Urku Ponkti.  As is Komik here—” he indicated the other Ponkti.  “We don’t accept the ruling.  The Pillars are in Ponkti waters and we don’t need the approval of the mekli, nor even of Shooki, to take what is rightfully ours.”  Telpoteen then barked some orders into a signaler he had concealed in his hand.  Moments later, other Ponkti had entered the chamber, over the objections of additional mekli outside.  There was a brief commotion, sounds of a struggle, the zap of a prod and the room was suddenly filled with prod-bearing Ponkti, all waving their weapons and moving the others to the far walls.  One visitor was plainly human, for he wore a bulky lifesuit and his airbreather face was clearly visible in his helmet.  Charley felt hot anger rising inside her, for the sneer on the airbreather’s face was unmistakable.
Telpoteen announced for all, “In the name of Potereenah, Metah of the Urku Ponkti and in the name of Lektereenah, Metah of the Ponkti here, I take control.  The Pillars of Shooki are even now being occupied by our prodsmen.  
“From this time on you will now be in the custody of Potereenah and Lektereenah.”
Chapter 9

Seome
The Pillars of Shooki
September 15, 2195 (Earth Standard)
(Pre-ak’loosh 782.5 Epoch of Tek’potu)

Under orders from Telpoteen, the Ponkti and their Chinese assistant moved to occupy the Pillars of Shooki and its surrounding holy waters.  They called for help from local Ponkti and were soon surrounded by dozens of kip’ts and prodsmen from the city of Ponk’t, itself only a few hundred beats away.  They planned to take multiple seamother calves back with them through the Farpool, though the mekli had forbidden this, as well as a rich harvest of mah’jeet to enhance the Purple toxin on Earth…giving them even greater control over the extent and deadliness of the plague.
Charley looked around the chamber.  Along with two priestesses and a squad of Ponkti, her own crew were surrounded: Yaktu, Perlin, Keenok and Terpyt.  All of them eyed Charley for orders, but the tactical situation was too dicey.  She decided there was nothing they could do for the moment.
The chief priestess seethed at Telpoteen.  “To bring such violence into the sacred waters…this is blasphemy.  Sacrilege.  Shooki forbids this.  Put away your weapons and we will talk…listen to the Voice.”
Telpoteen snorted, or did what Charley assumed was a Seomish snort.  “The Voice lies.  These are Ponkti waters.  For many mah there have been….”
While Telpoteen droned on with some kind of contrived justification for holding them all hostage, Charley saw something out of the corner of her eye.  The younger priestess had produced a device—she realized it was a sound grenade.  Her eyes caught Charley’s: when the word is given, you must follow…
Charley heard only a faint subvocal but the priestess’ meaning became clear.  She watched out of the corner of her eye as the mekli deftly placed the sound grenade in the flippers of a glowfish drifting nearby.  The glowfish drifted on, faint tweaks of its flippers soon sending it on a roundabout path to the other side of the chamber, where the Ponkti were gathered.
When the glowfish had drifted in front of Telpoteen—
A terrific BOOM! thundered across the chamber, loosening silt and rock, which pelted down from the walls.  A concussive shock wave erupted and reverberated, upending everyone.  The Ponkti, Charley, her own crew were deafened, stunned and blinded by the shock.
Then Charley saw both priestesses dart in front of her.  She realized this was the signal.
“Azhtu!” she belted out over the deafening roar.  “Follow me!”
Almost as one, the Omtorish squad followed the mekli to a narrow crevice at the base of the wall.  All squeezed through and found themselves in a cramped and twisting tube-like tunnel, lined with rock, hewn right out of the bowels of the Pillar.  Behind them, rockfall soon blocked the entrance and they were alone, the Ponkti still trying to recover their senses back in the Chamber.
Wordlessly, the mekli bore on.  Charley pulsed them swishing ahead, making their way gingerly through the floatway.  There was a faint radiance emanating from the walls; she realized the pressure waves of their own passage had activated some kind of reaction in the rock and the walls gave off a ghostly white radiance as a result.
 Incredible, she thought.  These mekli have all kinds of wonders nobody knows about.
They traveled an endless and confusing course through the tunnels; all the time, it seemed to Charley, they were ascending.  
Through narrow tunnels and rock-hewn chambers, the Azhtu squad followed the mekli.  Charley knew the Pillars of Shooki did not stop at the surface; they extended well beyond, far into the Notwater.  They were still ascending, traveling the convoluted labyrinth of corridors, occasionally coming upon larger caves and crypts and catacombs, and she wondered.  How far would they go?
Clearly, they were rising, for she could feel the pressure of the water lessening each moment.  Already the non-Amphib crew members—Perlin and Keenok--were cramping in the reduced pressure.  She thought they were following a spiral path, up and up, and moments later, they had entered a small triangular cavern.  
A blinding white blaze enveloped them, washing out all other detail.  I’m at the surface again, Charley realized.  
“This is the birthing chamber,” the chief priestess announced.  “From here, we help puk’lek bear their young…see there, several already have calves with them, suckling.”
“Like midwives,” Charley marveled.  
“Yes, with these kip’ts,” she added, indicating a bank of small sleds stashed in a corner.  Charley hadn’t seen them before.  They were traditional kip’ts but smaller, of a different design.  
As Charley looked closer, she saw the ice cap was not a continuous sheet after all but spotted by pools of open water—the word polynya came to mind.  Specks of deep blue crisscrossed the ice fields like a checkerboard.  She was startled to see small craft maneuvering in and out of the polynyas, shuttling back and forth from one seamother pod to another.
“Priestesses?” she asked.
The mekli shook her head sadly.  “No, most unfortunate.  Those are Ponkti.  They’ve assembled to gather the puk’lek, harvest their newborn.  We escaped our captors.  These puk’lek will not escape these herders.  What they do is an affront to Shooki.  Judgement will come soon enough.”
“We’ve got to do something,” Charley said.  She looked around at her crew for ideas.
Yaktu came up with something.  “Commander, what if we took one of these kip’ts and made a dash for it?  Head out to open sea and contact the other kels.  There must be repeaters nearby.  We could alert them to what’s going on and get help from all the kels.”
It was a stupid idea, tactically dubious, but nobody had anything better to offer.  Charley relented.
“Yak, you stay here with Perlin and Keenok.  Protect the mekli.  That gives us one Amphib and two Seomish here.  Terpyt, you and I are both Amphib.  We’ll take one of these kip’ts and try to get out to open sea, find a repeater.”
The mekli objected, saying, “Shooki finds no shoo’kel inside you…you must not do this—”
But Charley cut her off, not sure how far along this timeline they really were.  “Ke mekli, we don’t have a choice.  And from the failing light of the sun up there, we don’t have much time either.  Ak’loosh is near.  It won’t be long before that sun goes kaboom.”
The chief priestess seemed resigned.  She drifted forward and nuzzled Charley around her face, in the Seomish way, a practice Charley had never gotten used to.  But to keep up appearances, Charley nuzzled back.
“We’ll get help from the other kels and come back with the cavalry,” she said.
“Then, go with Shooki’s blessings.”
Charley and Terpyt, who was the crew’s rather short and plump Orketish Defense Systems Operator, or DSO, squeezed into one of the kip’ts.  With a short lesson from the younger priestess on how to operate the craft, Charley soon had the sled powered up.
The priestess explained.  “There is a hatch ahead of you.  I’ll open it.  The kip’t will then slide down a chute to the ice and the water.  Be ready—”
Charley cranked the canopy down, emptied the cockpit of most of its cold, salty water and took in a few delicious breaths of stale air that smelled like burned hide.  Behind her, Terpyt wheezed and coughed, doing the same thing.  She gave the mekli a signal they were ready and seconds later, the little sled was sliding down a steep, twisting chute.  It rocketed out the side of the Pillar, bounced a few times on choppy ice furrows and angled under Charley’s barest control toward a nearby polynya.  With a hard splash, the sled reached the opening, and plunged into the waters.
Straight away, Charley clicked and whistled at her control board.  “Blast these sound-powered controls,” she muttered.  “I’ll never get the hang of them.”  But by modulating her stream of clicks and honks, she was finally able to bring the nose of the kip’t around.
They headed deeper into the darkening waters, through a small blizzard of ice chips raining down, and set about hunting for the sound layer, the ootkeeor.  It would be along that layer that any repeaters would be cruising in their endless orbits, relaying messages back and forth across the oceans.

“Want something to eat, Terpyt?” Charley said in a low voice.  They had traveled for what seemed like hours.  Finding the sound layer many beats below the surface, Charley had worked out a wide circular course to the south and west of the Pillars, through the cold ice-flecked waters of the northern Ponk’el Sea.  Several times, she had sounded around and found multiple contacts nearby.  Believing them to be Ponkti kip’ts streaming toward the Pillars, Charley had given them a wide berth.
“You got anything up there?” came Terpyt’s drowsy voice.
Charley poked and probed around the cockpit, momentarily losing track of where they were.  Seconds later, the kip’t bounced and careened off the top of a coral bed, blasting millions of crystalline blue-white shards into the water in a colorful slow-motion explosion.  Charley quickly grabbed a control stick and steered them away.
“Sorry about that.”
Terpyt shook himself to clear his head.  “Well, I was a little drowsy back here…but not anymore, Commander.  What’s for dinner?”
“Nothing.  Looks like we’ll have to go hunting for dinner.”
Terpyt peered out the canopy, seeing nothing.  “Are you still pulsing all those contacts?”
Charley checked.  “Some.  The traffic has lessened a bit.”
“You know, they may not be all Ponkti.”
“What do you mean?”
“Just this.  Remember your Seomish history, the timelines we covered in training?  We have to be near to the End Times.  I’m thinking these targets may be part of that mad rush to kel’vishtu that occurred right before their sun went belly up.”
“That actually makes sense.  All those thousands of Seomish kip’ts and sleds and all kind of weird makeshift craft, slamming into the waters around the Farpool.  We could be pulsing some of that.”
Charley checked her instruments.  “You know, we’ve been cruising around this part of the sound layer for half a day now.  I’m not hearing any of that Sound anymore, are you?  You know—the wavemaker, the Uman Time Twister.  And where are all those small vortexes, the spinoff whirlpools from the main Farpool?”
Terpyt listened for a few moments.  “I don’t hear anything either.  Does that mean anything?”
“I don’t—” but Charley’s reply was cut off, for at that moment, an insistent beep issued from her board.  “Hey…hey, Terpyt, the ship may have found a repeater.  Looks like the right frequency.  I’ll try to center the signal and ride it in.”
For many minutes, Charley maneuvered and navigated the kip’t while homing on the faint cries, the repeating songs and chants of a traditional Seomish repeater.  They had traveled hundreds of beats away from the Pillars, into the first faint fingers of the swirling Pom’tel Current and she struggled holding a steady course to home on the signal.  She tried to remember her training…
Ootkeeor was the deep-lying thermal, sound-reflecting layer that channeled messages around the world.  She knew that repeaters—all of them raised from birth and trained in a guild-- were strategically located to boost the signal as it bounced along.  Depending on conditions, sounds could travel upwards of five hundred kilometers unamplified in parts of Seome’s oceans.
Finally, Terpyt saw something.  “There!  Right there, Commander…that dark blur just beyond those hills.  Just cruising along, belting out his songs.”
His name turned out to be Klatik.   
The Orketish repeater was a rotund older male, with gray, slightly wrinkled flukes and paddles, a strong swimmer in his endless orbits about the lower Ponk’el Sea, and a first-rate storyteller.
Charley found it hard to keep up, for repeaters were always great swimmers.  Klatik’s route took him on a great looping circle, south of the Pillars all the way to the southern arm of the current, then east and back north along the spine of the T’kel ridge.
Learning that Klatik was Orketish, Terpyt, who was also of the same kel, struck up an immediate acquaintance and the two chatted amiably for quite some time about all things Orketish.  
Charley was hard pressed to keep up and remind them of why they had sought a repeater in the first place.
For most Seomish, the traditional greetings of “Litorkel ge,” meaning literally “calm waters for you,” was inevitably followed by a rote reciting of major events in the kel’s history.  Trying desperately to stay with Terpyt and Klatik, Charley learned more than she ever wanted to know about the kel….
The domain of the Ork’etish had always been the sea Orkn’tel, bounded on the west by the lower Serpentine, on the north by the Orkn’t ridge, on the south by the broad swift Current of Ork’lat and on the east by the agreed-upon boundary with Sk’ort.
Today, Charley knew, on Earth the Urku Orketish lived along the south Mid-Atlantic Rift, not far from St. Helena Island.
Ork’et had always been known for her even-tempered, profit-minded traders and merchants.  The fact that Seome’s most important current, the Ork’lat, neatly bisected Orketish territory, ensured a commercial advantage that few kels possessed.  The Ork’lat flowed halfway around Seome across the southern hemisphere before disintegrating in the steep inter-mountain region known as the Pulkel.  The current gave the Orketish speedy access to all parts of the world and their kip’t pilots were so skilled at navigating the treacherous Pulkel that they had long ago secured a monopoly on transporting goods there, to the irritation of the Ponkti.  Trans-Serpentine commerce was very much an Orketish business.  This business continued on Earth in much the same way.
Another occupation virtually unique to Ork’et was the harvesting of the pearl-like potu, which had been used as a currency throughout Seome for generations.  It followed that finance and banking services, brokerage services, production organization and related activities were principal Orketish concerns.  The kel was truly a hub for transport and commerce and its merchants had a reputation, well-deserved and even on Earth, for persistence and aggressiveness as well as seemingly endless patience.  The Orketish were less enamored of the formal way of living so admired by the Omtorish.  The main distinction between the two most important and influential kels was that Omtorish were, by nature, great theorists and the Orketish great doers.  The Omtorish were more concerned with the ideal, the Orketish with the practical.  The people of Ork’et saw themselves as the only true practitioners of Ke’shoo and Ke’lee.  From this flowed the rationale for their impeccable materialism.  
Now, on Earth as Charley knew, the potu was declining as a form of currency and was steadily being replaced by a scent-based form of money, normally carried and exchanged through scentbulbs.  Amphibs and younger Urku Seomish were leading this change.
The three of them had reached a dense stand of seagrass and Klatik began his sweeping turn to the south, neatly dodging several schools of eyefish and stoneheads.  
“This will be my last circle,” he told them in his sing-song lilt.  “For more mah than I can count, I listen and hear the messages and put them into song, then belt them out in my favorite rhythm and meter, some longer than others…just wail away into the seas and hope my lyrics reach the next repeater.”
“Why is this your last?” Terpyt asked.
Klatik sighed, stroked hard but seemingly without effort.  “I’m old.  And everybody’s leaving.  Next time I reach the northern arm of the current, I’m peeling off for Kinlok and the Pillars.  Haven’t you heard…ak’loosh is coming.  The End Times.  We’re all going kel’vishtu…the greatest roam of all…through the Farpool.”
Charley hustled to keep up with them.  “That’s why we followed you.  There’s trouble at the Pillars.”
“Trouble?  What trouble?  I haven’t heard anything?”
Charley described how the Ponkti team from Earth, aided by local Ponkti, had moved in to occupy the Pillars.  “They’re harvesting seamothers—puk’lek—to take back to Earth.”
Klatik was skeptical.  “What is this Urku you speak of?  And nobody harvests puk’lek…that’s suicide.  Shooki would never permit it.”
Charley thought, Jeez, for a repeater, you’re pretty dense.  “It’s just happened.  We have a message we want you to repeat.  For all the kels.”
Klatik slowed down slightly, allowing Charley to come abreast of him.  He glared at this odd-looking amphibious creature, pulsed her deeply.  “You’re definitely not Orketish.  What kel did you say you’re from?”
“Never mind that.  Repeat this: all kels must send forces, prodsmen and stunners, to the Pillars right away.  The mekli priestesses are hostage to the Ponkti. The Ponkti control the Pillars now and—”
“They desecrate the Pillars,” Terpyt cut in.  “They poison the waters with violence and cruelty.  Many have died.  Shooki will judge all of us if we don’t act.”
Bit by bit, the two of them managed to convince Klatik to send the message.  They watched and listened as the old repeater took the details of their message and made a lyrical tune with it, forming it into a tight refrain, with stanzas and couplets of interspersed clicks and whistles, overlayed with complex harmonies and melodies, a poetic lilt of rhyme and meter which could easily be sung out over and over again into the trackless wastes of the Ponk’el Sea.
In between bursts of song, Klatik got his breath, grabbed odd clams for a bite, and explained his lifelong pursuit.
“I make the song,” he told them.  “I form the message into something easy to sing, easy to hear, easy to remember.  You’ve got to have the voice for it, my little kelke, a big voice, lots of breath, the old pump really gets going when it’s right.”
“How far can the song be heard?”
“Oh, that’s a great question.  Hundreds, maybe thousands of beats.  Quarter of the way around the world, sometimes…depends on the sound channel.  It flexes and shifts.  Some days, it’s tight.  Other days, it’s spread out, diffuse and full of noise…k’orpuh, they make a lot of noise clacking and clicking the way they do. Frequency is the key…that and power.  Modulate the frequency to match the sound channel and belt it out, that’s the trick.  This song…I’m guessing repeaters beyond the Serpentines may pick it up.  That’s why we circle the way we do.  When the sound channel’s right and the currents flow, it’s a beautiful thing, if I do say so myself.  And it doesn’t hurt to know what sounds are already around you, shrimp, puk’lek, tillet and pal’penk, the stupid cows.  They’re the worst…always bellowing and blowing.”  Here, Klatik became thoughtful, as he gathered his breath for the next song.  “That Big Sound from the highwater doesn’t help either…but I haven’t heard that as much lately.  Curious.”
It was curious.  Charley had noticed it as well.  
Terpyt and Charley roamed with Klatik for a time, listening mesmerized as he sang out their message, embedded with others, a beautiful, almost hypnotic series of melodies and quartets, a rich and deep voice that overcame all the normal chaotic din of the seas.  Truly, repeaters were a special people and Charley lamented the tradition hadn’t somehow been taken up on Earth. 
He must have one hell of a memory, Charley realized.
A few hours later, Klatik came to the end of his northern loop.  They had reached a region of low rolling hills of volcanic tuff, dotted with fantastic coral beds and colorful reefs like serrated fences.
“Here’s where I turn off,” he announced.  His face scrunched up into quizzical, almost comical look.  “Odd, isn’t it.  Usually up here on the northern branch of the current, the Big Sound’s almost deafening.  Now…I don’t hear a thing.”
Charley had grown increasingly worried about the silence.  
“We’ll go with you,” she decided.  She could see no choice but to accompany Klatik to his rendezvous with the Farpool, into the seas of the many whirlpools.  She was curious…no, that wasn’t quite right.  She was every moment more and more concerned as they bore north by northwest toward the Pillars and the silence of the Big Sound grew more and more ominous.  The usual cacophony of the Ponk’el Sea filled the waters but the rhythmic booming and pounding of the Uman wavemaker, the Time Twister at Kinlok Island, was no longer audible.  Only a background drone from somewhere to their north.  
Charley rummaged through her own memory of Seomish history for an answer.  A dawning suspicion emerged.  The Umans, the star-faring descendants of the Earthborn human airbreathers, had shut down their machine.  From her own understanding of Seomish history, it had to happen this way.
After relaying his final song, Klatik was out of breath, but still able to make strokes.  Boundless stamina, Charley marveled.  They turned north, through ice-flecked waters and wary pods of ter’poh toward the Pillars and Kinlok Island.  
To Charley’s amazement, they soon found themselves joined by ever-growing boisterous crowds of thousands of emigrants, all streaming in every kind of makeshift craft imaginable toward the Farpool, toward escape from the doomed world of Seome.
Only there seemed to be no Farpool.

Several icebergs away from Kinlok Island, the Metahs of the kels had gathered, in a narrow space between ice calves, still grinding and rubbing against each other.  It was Lektereenah, the youngest of all the Metahs, who had an idea.
“Let’s roam,” she told the others.  “It’s not safe here.  I think better when I’m in vish’tu.”
Nobody argued, so Mokleeoh, Lektereenah, Okeemah and Kolandra joined up and the four of them set off…Metahs of Omt’or, Ponk’et, Sk’ort and Eep’kos schooling together, surrounded by a phalanx of prodsmen to keep the curious petitioners away.  Only the Metah of Ork’et, one Kok’te tor kel: Ork’et, wasn’t there.  She had been delayed coming up to Kinlok by state affairs in the city of Kok’t, affairs having to do with worsening damage to the kel’s potu beds.  The pearl-like stones were fundamental to trade and business throughout all the waters of Seome and a steady supply had to be maintained.  Kok’te had sent her own advisors along, with word that as soon as the problems were corrected, she would be on her way.  
It was Mokleeoh who had the idea first, as the convoy moved from one camp and refugee congregation to another about the island’s steep underwater shelves.  “I propose that when the time comes to begin kel’vishtu, all the Metahs travel together, in one fleet of ships, with their Kel’em, of course.”
Okeemah liked the idea. She was small, even petite for a Sk’ortish female, but she wasn’t shy about her opinions.   “We could do it as a sign of solidarity of all the kels.  It’d be a valuable statement.”
But Lektereenah wasn’t so easily swayed.  “Yes, a statement of how Ponk’et always gets the smallest fish in the catch.  I don’t like the idea.  The kels should make kel’vishtu as kels.  Separate but equal…that’s the best way.”  Her tone lowered with faint menace.  “And in the new world, we can hope that the kels will truly be equal…unlike here.”
Mokleeoh had heard it all before.  “Lektereenah, you never change.  This trip is a perfect chance to change the way our clans relate to each other.  To make things right, start over, come closer, heal our divisions.  Don’t we Omtorish have a perfect right to feel oppressed…after all, who was it that destroyed our great city of Omsh’pont?  Who used that terrible Tailless weapon…the tor’pedoh?  Yet, I’m willing to look past our divisions and conflicts and see a better world.”
“I don’t see any such thing,” Lektereenah seethed.   “You can’t change our fundamental nature.  The kels have existed from the First Days…Shooki made us this way.  To try to change that now…this is why the ak’loosh is coming.  Shooki’s angry.  He sends the great wave to destroy everything.”
“Let’s not argue,” Okeemah suggested.  “I have an idea.  The Pillars of Shooki aren’t far.  Perhaps we should visit the mekli, see what they have to say.  At least the waters there are calmer.”
Lektereenh, knowing her own prodsman had tried to occupy the Pillars, said nothing. 
The other Metahs thought that a good idea, so the convoy turned about and skirted several ice floes, heading east along the rim ice to the outer barrier of the Pillars, still shattered from strong and unpredictable rip currents that had been plaguing the area.
The Metahs’ convoy passed through scores of gatherings and schools of people, packing belongings, arguing over what to take, even minor scraps and fights between kelke over who would sit where when the time of the journey came.   
The convoy reached the outer barrier of the Pillars after a short trip and found the entrance to the caves strewn with smashed boulders, assorted wreckage and drifting clouds of ice, a result of the Ponkti occupation only recently ended.  Lektereenah was quiet and pensive as they approached; she knew her gamble on possessing the Pillars, cooperating with the strange visitors, to take what was rightfully theirs, and absorbing the mekli into Ponk’et had failed completely.  She would deal with the grumbling behind her back inside the Kel’em in time…perhaps not until the kel’vishtu was over and the Ponkti were in their new home.  For now, it was enough for her that the Omtorish not be allowed to control the Farpool in this, the most critical time for the kels.  
The mekli and the High Priestess must be made to see that, she had told the Kel’em, before departing for Kinlok and the beginning of the exodus. 
Outside, in numbing ice-flecked waters, Lektereenah beckoned her own prodsmen to break away from the convoy.  “We have work to do,” she told the other Metahs.  “The Farpool will be here soon, my own scientists have predicted it.  The Ponkti will be ready for ak’loosh, despite what the mekli say.”  She pulsed angrily ahead and was finally able to locate their small fleet of kip’ts, strewn about on the seabed.  Minor repairs were needed, some adjustments made and provisions laid in from the rich ertleg beds that were abundantly huddled around a hot vent a few beats away from the Pillars.  
With a resolute swoosh of her tail, Lektereenah and the Ponkti prodsmen scooted off and were gone.
Mokleeoh turned to Okeemah and Kolandra and shook her head.  “Conflict and politics always prevail here.”
Okeemah agreed.  “Even in the final days. I had hoped we wouldn’t carry these disagreements to the new world.  But that seems hopeless.”
Kolandra pulsed about at the feverish preparations all about them.  “When does the next landing of the Farpool occur?”
Mokleeoh said, “I don’t know exactly.  I’ll have to consult with Likteek and our Academy.  But it’s soon, very soon.  Lektereenah’s right about that much: we need to be ready.”

Telpik was a scientist from Omt’or but he’d been an acquaintance of Likteek’s for a long time.  The two of them had been cooperating on studying the vortex fields created by the wavemaker on the other side of Kinlok Island, using algorithms that both had developed to predict when the Farpool would come, when the fields would be intense enough to generate the wormhole gateway and created a rift that could be entered and navigated, if you knew what you were doing, to other times and places.
The two of them had been helping each other go through lab equipment and supplies brought up from the ruins of Omsh’pont, when Likteek decided it was time to make a quick trip to the vortex fields—“just a little check,” he had said, “so we aren’t surprised by changes in the intensity of the fields.”   Likteek had left an hour ago, while Telpik continued sorting and packing gear into the one lifeship that the Metah had allowed the Academy to have.  “It all has to go in this one ship,” Likteek had told the assembled scientists and technicians that very morning.
“There’s no way, Likteek,” said one of them.  “It won’t fit…not all the gear we need…the beatscopes alone will take half the space.”
“It has to fit,” Likteek said.  “Make it fit and stop arguing.”
Now Likteek came hustling back from his little trip, out of breath, bursting into the cobbled-together tents and floats that were the Omtorish Academy’s temporary camp.  He sucked in more breath, while a young female researcher named Kokla fed him juice and tong’pod claws, heaving in great gulps, gesturing Telpik and the others to gather around.
  “It’s here…it’s almost here!” he warned them.  “I…went all around…the vortex fields, then inside.   They’re getting stronger.  I made all the measurements…here’s the echopod.  Listen for yourself. The main funnel is due within a day, maybe hours.  Get that ship loaded.  I’ll tell the Metah.”
Telpik felt his heart racing.  After so many days, so many mah, was it true?  Kel’vishtu was upon them.  “Are you sure, Likteek?  Really sure…maybe some kind of instrument error…maybe some bias in the way—”
Likteek was old and getting his breath back took some time.  “Listen to the sounder readings, Telpik.  Listen for yourself.  I may be wrong…but I don’t think so.  We have to hurry.”
Kokla was white-faced.  “There’s so much more to—”
But Likteek was already gone, dragging tong’pod claws with him, eating on the run.  He had to get to the Metah’s float as fast as he could, argue with that prickly privy councilor Oncolenia, scream at the guards, whatever it took.
A day at most, maybe less.  If the Omtorish lifeships weren’t in position in time, the Farpool would come and go and who knew what would happen to the seas then.  Would there even be any seas?
Likteek dropped the empty rack of claws and stroked as hard as he could for the royal float, darting through thick knots of people, still several beats away.

The Metahs of the kels had finally agreed to travel together, as a sign of solidarity in this most perilous of adventures.  At Likteek’s urging, Mokleeoh had gathered her belongings and overseen final loading of her part of the ship, before finally agreeing to board the little craft.  She wanted to gather her official repeaters and make a last-minute statement to the Omtorish, maybe even sing the songs of the First Days, but Likteek convinced her there was no time.  
“If the arias begin, Affectionate Metah, everyone will want to finish them.  That could go on for days.  We don’t have days.  We have hours at most.”
Mokleeoh sighed, looking around at the assembled staff with their personal pods crammed with belongings and said finally, “I suppose you’re right.  But if we can’t make a proper good-bye to our homes, our waters, to all that we—”
“Honorable Metah, please…we must go—”
Mokleeoh glared at Likteek, was about to say something, then relented and boarded her lifeship with exaggerated slowness and care.  Likteek just swallowed his exasperation.  Politicians, he muttered to himself.
The lifeship bearing Mokleeoh was larger than most, so as to carry the five Metahs and their personal gear.  It joined a small convoy, kip’ts ahead and behind bearing prodsmen and stunners to clear the way, and stopped at each kel gathering to pick up the Metahs Lektereenah, Okeemah, Kolandra and Maktelena.  Once they were on board, the ship headed out past the camp waters into the rough, ice-flecked seas surrounding Kinlok Island.  The driver was an Omtorish kip’t driver of some repute, Kokklu tel.  Kokklu was the most seasoned and experienced of all Omtorish kip’t pilots, though navigating a full lifeship bearing the Metahs of all the kels through a whirlpool like the Farpool was worlds apart from riding the Omt’chor Current through the Serpentines Gap with a train of pack tillets in tow.  Still, no one argued that Kokklu’s experience wouldn’t be invaluable.
Following the Metahs’ lifeship, there soon materialized a long convoy of hundreds of kip’ts, sleds, lifeships and other assorted craft, anything that would hold people, cobbled together in the frantic last hours of their world and soon to be flung into the Farpool in desperation.  
The time came, according to the algorithms, for the Farpool to make its landing.  But no Farpool came.  The waters turned unnaturally quiet.  Gone were the vortex fields.  Gone were the whirlpools that dotted the seas around Kinlok Island and often posed such a danger.  The wavemaker was still topside; everyone could pulse that.  The huge machine had made horrendous sounds and sent damaging acoustic shock waves around the world for many mah…it too was now silent.
Mokleeoh turned to Likteek, riding along with the other Metahs.
“You said the Farpool would come.  I pulse no Farpool.  Is it delayed for some reason?”
Likteek couldn’t understand it.  He had been among the vortex fields just the day before.  They were surrounded by hundreds of craft, thousands of kelke waiting to enter the great whirlpool and be off on the kel’vishtu.  
“The airbreathers have done something,” he decided, more firmly than he felt.  “The Tailless control the Farpool.  I’ll have to investigate.”  With that, Likteek left the kip’t and scooted forward, through churning masses of boisterous and raucous crowds.
What has happened? he asked himself, feeling more and more anxious with each stroke.  How can I explain this?
Several beats away, Charley Meyer and Terpyt were asking themselves the same question. 
Chapter 10

Seome
Kinlok Island
September 22, 2195 (Earth Standard)
(Pre-ak’loosh 784.7 Epoch of Tek’potu)

 Charley and Terpyt reached the vicinity of Kinlok Island and, after a short recon trip to the surface, Charley realized that the Farpool was gone, the Sound was gone and the Umans seemed to be in the process of shutting down their Time Twister, partially dismantling it, and abandoning Seome altogether.  She understood that shutting down the Twister had caused the Farpool to collapse.   Knowing about ak’loosh and the coming supernova, she realized that the Omtorish and the Ponkti, as well as tens of thousands of unsuspecting kelke, were now trapped on a doomed world.   
She and Terpyt and her own crew from the ship were now trapped as well.
From her family memory and her “History of old Seome” echopods, she recalled that her grandfather Chase had helped the Umans dismantle and later rebuild the Time Twister elsewhere at Likte Trench.  But where was Chase Meyer in this time stream?

Charley Meyer’s Echopod Journal Entry #3

Well, I’ve got a really bad feeling about this.  Terpyt and I followed the old repeater Klatik to Kinlok, and found…nothing.  The airbreather machine, their Time Twister, was there all right.  But it had been shut down.  There was no Sound…a great relief to everybody.  But there were no vortexes either.  No Farpool.  This is bad.  This is real bad.
I’ve been trying to remember my Seomish history from vids and classes and my grandparents Chase and Angie—all the stories they told us—about the Umans and why this happened, why this had to happen.  I don’t know where grandpa Chase is…maybe he hasn’t arrived yet in this time stream?  Maybe we’re on a different branch.  But the bottom line is this: something has to be done to get the Farpool back.  And I’ve got a feeling I’m the one to do it.  Lucky me.  
I think I’m going have to surface and talk with the Umans.  Grandpa Chase did that.  He told me stories about it when I was just a young midling.  If he can do it, so can I.
Here’s the thing: we all know that Seome is doomed.  The Umans have been in a conflict with an alien race—Grandpa called them Coethi somethingorother—for a really long time.  That’s why their Time Twister was here, to fight off Coethi incursions in this sector of space.  But unfortunately, Seome’s sun—Sigma Albeth B—was a casualty of this conflict for the Coethi were able to do things to make stars kind of blow up.  The history of this says that Sigma Albeth was on a fast track to supernova and it’s got to be soon.  When that happens, the explosion destroys everything…Seome, the Seomish, even me.  
We’ve got to get the Umans to restart their machine.  The Time Twister makes all the little vortexes and even creates the Farpool, sort of as a side effect of its operation.  No Time Twister, no Farpool.
And thousands of Seomish, along with my ship, my whole crew and me, will cease to exist on this time line if that happens.  With no Farpool, our ship Azhtu isn’t going anywhere.
Terpyt and I are headed up to the surface.  
I just need some answers from the Umans.

End Recording.

It was colder and windier topside that Charley expected.  Kinlok Island was just south of the polar icecap so that made sense.  But when they breached the surface and drifted in the kip’t among small icebergs, Charley pitied Terpyt as he shook and shuddered in the freezing air.
Even Amphibs sometimes got cold.  
The fact that the skies were darkening and the sun was visibly failing each hour made it even worse.
Charley worked the tiny kip’t’s sound-powered controls, squeaking as best she could at the panel.  At least, she was beginning to get the hang of it.  “We’ll slow and ascend near the surface.  You have that signaler thing?”
Terpyt produced a small device they had brought from their ship.  “This signaler…is it like a radio or something?”
Charley indicated it was a communication device that had been devised by Farpool Labs to enable crude exchanges with the humans.  
With that, Charley brought their kip’t to a dead stop.  The water had lightened considerably, though it was still turbid and silty.  But even through the murk, Charley could just make out the faint outlines of a craggy slope in the distance.  
Kinlok Island.
And there was no sound from the Uman machine at all.  
Charley drove their kip’t upward, toward the surface.  The waters became rough and turbulent in the coastal zone of the island.  
A few beats from the surface, Charley stopped.  She extracted the signaler from its small pouch.  It looked just like an echopod, with several horn shaped protrusions on one end.  She pressed the signaler against the sled’s cockpit bubble and activated it.
“I’m telling the Umans that we wish to meet.  I’m telling them we wish to discuss matters of great importance…that we have new kelke to introduce…that the new kelke offer ideas on how to alter their machine so it doesn’t have destructive effects.  We’ll see what they say.  And I want to know why the machine isn’t working.  No machine, no Farpool, Terpyt.”
But for quite some time, they heard nothing.  
Then Charley saw the signaler buzz as if it were a trapped bird.  Terpyt translated the buzzing, with a frown.
“They say they will meet with us.  For a short time only.  They say the usual place.  It seems there are developments with their enemy.  A new threat approaches so the meeting must be short.”
Charley wondered just what threats were gathering.  “What’s the usual place?”
Terpyt surmised, “They must mean the beach.  History records that’s where the Seomish and the Umans always met.”
“That must be it.  I’ll add that to our dictionaries.”
Charley drove them to the surface.   A gale was blowing topside.  Towering waves crashed over them and the kip’t wallowed like a sick whale, rolling in all the froth and foam. Winds screamed.  It was daylight…barely, but to Charley, it seemed more like twilight.  Or maybe dawn.  It was hard to tell.
Moments after they had breached, the cockpit bubble hissed and yawned open.  Quick as she could, Charley scrambled over the side and nearly drowned in the waves, before finally regaining stability.  She pawed and clawed her way through heavy surf and soon found herself barreling face first into a pile of rock and gravel.
It was the beach.  She dragged herself up onto the rocks and saw a shape in the mist to her left, doing the same thing.  Terpyt struggling, the poor thing.  She went over, trying to keep him from falling over in the sand.  They both looked like mutant frogs from a sci-fi flick, grown large and menacing.  But that didn’t matter now.
Standing up a bit unsteadily in the gale, Charley spied shapes moving on a nearby ridge.  She assumed this was the Uman party.  There were three.
She trudged off, Terpyt waddling after her, and stopped at the base of the ridge.  All three Umans had weapons trained on them.  Suppressors, Charley realized.  Paralyzing weapons.  She stopped and held out her hand, not sure exactly what to say, or how it would sound.
“Hey…uh, we’re humans!  We need to talk!  Can you hear me?  Can you understand me?”
Nobody had informed the Umans that the Seomish representatives would be a human Amphib female and a Seomish Amphib male.  One Uman, the one in the middle, took a few steps forward.  The others trained their weapons.
A guttural voice rang out, barely audible over the roar of the wind.  
“Stay where you are!  Come no closer!”
Charley heard the words, muffled but distinguishable and nearly cried out.  God Almighty… that’s English!  Accented, with some odd phrases, but it was English!  She started forward but in that moment, a Uman opened fire with his suppressor.
The jolt knocked Charley flat on her back.  For what seemed like hours—time had congealed to a crawl—she couldn’t feel anything.  She couldn’t hear anything.  Nothing would move.  She could breathe, more or less.  But her legs and arms…nothing.
Then a face appeared, followed by another.
The first was Terpyt.  A frog’s face, but somehow, she knew it was Terpyt.
“Commander!  Charley, are you all right…are you hurt?”  He lowered himself down, then tried to examine Charley’s injuries.  Hovering behind his shoulders, the Uman in the middle peered down.
His face was formed of hard cheek planes, with a bit of a double chin.  Even some dimples, looking almost comical in a frame of gray-white buzzcut hair with sandy gray sideburns.  
“I told him not to come up---here, wave this under its nose.”  The Uman handed Terpyt a small perforated ball.  Terpyt did as instructed, waving the ball back and forth under Charley’s nose and face.
Presently, feeling returned.  Slowly, then more feeling, like a spreading stain, until after what seemed like days, Charley found she could sit up.  Her whole body tingled.  Her hands and feet shook uncontrollably.  
Unsteadily, leaning on Terpyt, and now with help from the other Umans, Charley got to her feet.  They led her to small cut in the ridge, more or less protected from the winds, and there she sat down on gravelly ground again, trying to clear her head.  She noticed just how cold the wind was, ice-flecked and biting, and was glad for the tough hide her Amphib skin gave her.
The Umans all gathered around.
“The message said you were Uman,” said the one who had first come down from the hill.  “You don’t look like anything I ever saw in Uman space.  What are you…something from Hapsh’m?  Majoris, maybe?  Acth:On’e…you ever see anything like these two?”
The tallest Uman had a blade-shaped head.  Two eyes, but they were further apart than the first Uman.  
“I haven’t, Ultrarch-Major.  Not in many terr…maybe they’re Coethi spies…I could believe that.”
Charley held up a hand.  Her own webbed hand startled him for a second.  “No, no…we’re humans, just like you.  Earth.  We came here on a mission.  The Farpool brought us.”
The Ultrarch-Major cocked his hand.  “You mean that vortex these buggers keep talking about…that’s just somebody’s wet dream.  A fairy tale.”
“No, no, it’s true.  We came from Earth.  Our Earth.  Keenomsh’pont.  Muir City…it’s just a little north of Bermuda…got great beaches too, believe me.”
The Ultrarch-Major rubbed his chin, looked at his compatriots.  “Earth?  Urth?  The motherworld…that’s not possible.  It’s quarantined.  Too dangerous now…all those timestreams converging…the Guard had to isolate them.  If the Coethi stick their grubby little snouts in one of these main timestreams, we’re finished.  No more Urth.  Guard had to cut them off, completely.  Believe me, it wasn’t easy.  Controversial, too.   But it was the right thing to do…somehow, the brass blundered into a decent tactical decision for once.  What do you want to talk about…I haven’t got all day.”
Charley decided she would stand up, no matter how hard it was.  Terpyt helped her.  The suppressor had weakened everything in her body and she felt like jelly.  She leaned against Terpyt and felt nauseated and dizzy, but she was determined.  She stuck out a webbed hand, assuming a handshake would be understood.  
“I’m Charley…Charley Meyer.  This is Terpyt.”
The Ultrarch-Major recoiled for a moment, then reached out just enough to rub fingers with Charley’s webbed, oily hand.  He flinched, but he seemed to understand the gesture as a friendly one.
At least, that hadn’t changed.
“Ultrarch-Major Monthan Dringoth, First Time Displacement Battery.  These are my officers: Captain Acth:On’e and Lieutenant Golich.  Come on…we’ve got Coethi crashers and cruisers nearby, closing fast on this base… let’s hurry this up.”
“Right.  Well, see, my friends…and all the Seomish were being hurt by this sound your weapon, your machine makes.  It was destroying their world.  It was wrecking everything down there—“she pointed to the ocean.  “Everything in the oceans, all their cities, their economies, their families.  I came...we came…to ask, to beg you to shut it down.  But now it seems to be off anyway.  See, your machine creates the Farpool.  We need the Farpool to get back…to our time.  You have to turn it back on.”
Dringoth looked puzzled.  “First you tell me you came from Urth through one of those blasted vortexes…that’s crazy in itself.  Then you tell me there are cities and families and whatever down there underwater.  That’s crap.  The creatures here are just like my pet wing-walker…smart, yes, but just animals.  Pets.  Beasts.  There aren’t any cities down there…what are you, cracked?  Fall into one of those whirlpools, did you?”
Acth:On’e laughed out loud, spitting and slobbering as he did so.  When he breathed, you could hear a faint hiss.  “It’s a trick, Ultrarch-Major.  They’ve taught these buggers tricks, like you teach your pets to speak, fetch things, lie down.  Just a trick.”
“We’re not pets!” Charley insisted.  “Hey, man, I’m as human as you.  I look like a frog ‘cause I went through a procedure… I breathe Notw…I mean, air.  Just like you.”
“They are breathing air,” said the Lieutenant Golich.  “I’ll give her that.”
Dringoth glared at Charley.  “What did you call these creatures?”
“Uh…Seomish?  This world is Seome.”
Dringoth snorted.  “We call this hellhole Storm.  In fact, one of your ‘friends’ damaged our Time Twister several terr ago and we had to abandon the place.  But Time Guard said we had to come back and patch the thing up.”  Dringoth peered skyward for a moment, shielding his face from the stinging sleet.  “Don’t know how long this sun’ll hold up, though.  She’s already taken more than a few starballs.  We came back because we were ordered too…took a minor miracle to get the Twister up and running again.   Now, a Coethi fleet is bearing down on us as we speak, popping in and out of different timestreams…we can barely track the bastards.  Now Time Guard’s told us to shut it down for good and abandon this hellhole.” 
Charley tried to follow Dringoth’s argument but it was hopeless.  “What is this Twister…is it a weapon?”
Dringoth had trouble hearing them.  The wind screamed across the beach, flinging sleet and salt spray in their faces.  It was Golich who suggested they retreat to the hut on the ridge.  The hut turned out to be filled with equipment, tracking gear for the Time Twister.
“Sure it’s a weapon,” the Ultrarch-Major replied.  He fixed himself a mug of something steaming hot to sip.  “The Twister is what we use to keep Coethi from entering this sector of the Halo…Halo-Alpha.  Keeps ‘em from bollixing up timestreams from here to Sturdivant and back.  That’s our mission.  You say you’re both from Urth?”  Dringoth squinted, twiddled with a tuft of moustache, looked Charley up and down.  “You don’t look like anything I’ve ever seen.”
“Maybe something from Gibbons’ Grotto,” Golich suggested.  “The Hollows and all that.”
Charley assured the Major that she and Terpyt really had come from Earth.  “We have a mission.  Check your history…the Purple plague.  We came to Seome on this timeline to look for an antidote…and to prevent others from making the plague worse.  But with the Farpool down, your Time Twister down, we can’t get back.”  She pointed through the roof of the hut toward the sun.  “And we know what’s about to happen.”
Golich h’mmed.  “Major, I dimly recall from the history vids something about a 22nd century plague.”
“Urth.”  Dringoth pronounced it slightly different.  He had a faraway look on his face, pulled himself up a chair from underneath a small control station, turned it around and sat in it backward.  “Hmmm.  Never been there.  Like I said, it was quarantined.  Time Guard had to shut down all timestreams to keep Coethi from infecting the Heartland.”
“So what does this Time Twister do?” Charley asked.  She examined some of the instruments and controls, until Acth:On’e intervened and politely shoved her away.  
Dringoth shrugged.  “Got a singularity engine at the core.  It reaches out several parsecs from here and flings anything it finds out of local space-time.  Sends it off to who knows where…other side of the galaxy.  Maybe other side of the Universe.  We don’t understand it ourselves.  Time Guard just gave us the basics.  First Time Displacement Battery just operates and maintains the thing.”  He patted a rack of gear.  “This baby keeps Halo space clean, free of Coethi and other nasties.”  His face darkened.  “As long as you people stop trying to damage it, that is.  We’re having to fight off the Coethi and the local life too.  It’s getting old.”
“I’ve made skimmer trips out to Big Mama myself, plenty of times,” Golich jumped in.  “I’ve seen all those whirlpools.  Twister does that.  Leakage effects.  We used to enjoy herding fish and whatnot into the vortexes and watch ‘em being accelerated out of space time…lots of fun but it got old.  Anything to pass the time on this hellhole.  Never seen this Farpool you speak of, though.”
Acth:On’e was openly skeptical.  “It’s pretty hard to believe one of these whirlpools could become a wormhole…I guess it’s possible.  But then I’m no scientist.”
“Your weapon was destroying this world,” Terpyt said.  “The sound, the whirlpools—“
“—the vibrations and waves,” Charley added.  “But why’d you shut it down now?”
Dringoth scoffed.  “I don’t believe any of this.  Even if there were actual cities and whole civilizations under the sea here, it wouldn’t matter.  We have a mission and we have our orders.  A Coethi fleet’s been sighted in Halo space the last few days and is probably bearing down on us right now.  They know we’re here.  They may have even more effective starballs.  If the whiz kids at T2—Time Guard Intelligence—are even close to being right, the sun up there—Sigma Albeth B-- is doomed.  So is this world.”  Dringoth’s hard blue eyes bore in on Charley and Terpyt.  “We have orders and the Twister’s already shut down.  We’re breaking her down, loading our ship up and getting the hell out of here.”
Charley had an idea.  “Maybe you could leave behind some instructions on how to create another Time Twister.  Or re-build this one so another Farpool could be created.”
Golich gave an exhausted sigh, like he was explaining this for the millionth time.  “Strategy says the Twister gets relocated.  It’s preposterous.  You want reasons, I’ll give you reasons.  How about strategic location in the Halo?  Storm’s no longer in the right place.  Coethi’s changed their axis of advance.”
“Except the Coethi already know we’re still here on Storm,” Acth:On’e complained.  “They’re not that stupid…they keep losing crashers and time ships in this sector…they’ll put two and two together. “
Dringoth waved them all quiet.  “It’s all academic anyway.  The Twister’s all that stands between Uman bases in this sector and Coethi overrunning everything.  Military necessity dictates the Twister be shut down and moved.  Believe me, nothing pleases me more than to abandon this sewer of a planet and get out of here.  We did that once before.  But Time Guard sent us back…now the enemy has made the decision for us.  I’m sorry…we can’t do what you want—"
Dringoth paused as another Uman came into the hut.  She was tall, dark-skinned and her name patch read M’bela.  “Last chronotron pods stored away, Major.  Just the singularity core and the foundations cables are left.”  She handed a pad to Dringoth, who checked her work.
“Good, Queenie.  That’s good.  Get everything squared away out there.  I want to punch out of here before night comes.”
M’bela nodded.  “Yes, sir.  That sun won’t last another day.”  She turned to leave, then noticed Charley and Terpyt.  “More of those talking fish?”
Dringoth nodded.  “Came to ask us to put the Twister back together.”
That brought a sharp laugh from M’bela.  “That’ll be the day.  I going to need help with the core.  It’s tricky hauling that bastard up from the seabed.”
Something in M’bela’s words triggered a memory for Charley.  She remembered how grandpa Chase had described the way he and grandma Angie had been able to re-build the Time Twister before, when the Umans were abandoning the base.
“Maybe you could just leave instructions behind on how to rebuild the Twister.  And leave the singularity core behind too.”
Dringoth scoffed at that.  “Time Guard orders.  We don’t leave critical parts behind, for the Coethi to get their grubby little paws on.  Besides, without the core, the Twister’s pretty much useless anyway.”
Golich and M’bela had been listening to the exchange for a few moments.  Golich had an idea.
“Major, since we have to abandon Storm anyway and this whole installation, couldn’t we just accidentally on purpose leave the existing singularity engine behind in its pod?  If I remember my history from the Academy, the fish people here did re-build the Twister after the Battery crew left.”
Dringoth was skeptical.  “The time line, Golich…the time line.  First rule of a time jumper: don’t mess with a time line unless it’s tactically vital.  We have orders from Time Guard and we don’t owe these fish people anything.”
“Sir,” M’bela spoke up, “maybe there is a way.  The Lieutenant’s right.  Time line says the fish people rebuilt the Twister.  We all remember that.  What if I stay behind when you leave?  Report it to Commandstar as Evelyn M’bela, KIA.  And you could report the singularity as DBR…damaged beyond repair.  Then I could help these people rebuild the Twister and get it working well enough to generate a Farpool.”
Dringoth stared at Jumpmaster M’bela like she had two heads.  “Are you out of your mind?  What do you think Commandstar would say if I told them that?  I’d be cashiered out of the Guard faster than you can say Guard.  No.  Forget it.  We’re following orders.  Finish breaking down the Twister foundation and get that core up and secured.  That’s an order.”
With that, Dringoth was uninterested in continuing the conversation.  He told Golich and M’bela to escort the fish people back to their little craft, now bobbing in the waves just offshore.
While Golich went off to prepare the skimmer for yet another trip out to the Twister, M’bela stood on the beach with Charley and Terpyt.
“Look, you need to know Major Dringoth’s under a lot of pressure here.  Time Guard can’t make up their mind where they want to put this Twister and this is the Major’s first command.  He can’t afford to mess this up.”
Charley tried to be forthright.  “We need the Farpool up and operating.  That’s our only way back.  It’s the only way we can get back to our time, back to Earth, and fight off the Purple.”
M’bela nodded understanding.  She pulled back her sleeve to reveal an elaborate wristpad.  “I know my history better than any of these clowns.  I know what happened in the 22nd century.  Dringoth and Golich…they don’t believe in this Farpool.  But I do.  In fact—” M’bela offered a sly smile.  “—I’d love to go back with you.  Here’s the truth: this watery hellhole ain’t much for a planet.  But I learned early on, while we were stuck here, that there was a marine civilization under these waves.  I took a few trips, studied them.  I’ve even struck up a basic relationship with a few of them, one in particular.  I named him Bigfin.  Nothing fancy.  I can’t say we really communicated.  But, somehow, I could tell, you know?  I could tell they were intelligent.”
“Can you get the Major to change his mind?”
M’bela shrugged.  “Dringoth’s got a hard head.  It won’t be easy.  But he’s also smart.  He knows I’ve been passed over for promotion too many times.  I get good fitness reports.  I can do the work.  I’ve passed all the quals.  But, for whatever reason, Time Guard just won’t do right by me.  I should have made Guardsman or better long before now.  Dringoth knows that.  He knows I want out.”  She gave Charley a direct look.  “This is my chance.  All he’s got to do is report me KIA and that singularity core DBR.  Then after they leave, we can get to work re-starting the Twister.”  M’bela looked up through thick clouds, toward a wan daub of light that was the sun. “Trouble is we don’t have a lot of time.  Coethi have already pumped a lot of starball rounds into that star.  My guess is…maybe a few weeks.  Maybe a month.  Not longer than that.”
Charley saw they had little choice but to follow M’bela’s plan.  “Then you’ll talk with the Major?  Try to convince him?”
M’bela smiled, revealing a few gold teeth.  “No promises.  But my family’s Cameroonian by background.  Cameroon, Africa, Earth.  Among my people, the Igbo people, we have a saying: Ura ga-eju onye nwuru anwu afo.”
“Which means?”
M’bela smirked.  “’A dead person shall have all the sleep they want.’”
Charley sensed Terpyt shifting uneasily in the beach sand.  “I’d better get this one back into the water.  He’s getting tired.”
“Keep your signaler on,” M’bela told her.  She left and staggered through blustery winds back up the rocky hill toward the control hut.
After that, Charley and Terpyt plunged into the freezing waves and dove for their kip’t.

After a day of pleading, Ultrarch-Major Dringoth finally relented to M’bela’s idea.  
Dringoth was with Acth:On’e, combing the debris for anything intact.  Piles of smashed equipment attested to the ferocity of a recent seamother attack.  M’bela rushed up.
“Ultrarch-Major,” she wheezed, out of breath, “Ultrarch-Major, I have a request.”
Dringoth was annoyed.  “I’m busy, M’bela.  Can’t you see that?  The Twister’s down and we have to get the hell out of here in a hurry.  I’m looking for any file-crystals that may have survived this holocaust.  We can’t leave anything behind for the Coethi to study.  The Twister’s the only way we can push them out of the Halo.”
“Major Dringoth, I have a request to make.”
Dringoth was kicking through each pile as he came to it.  “I only hope the destruct pack wasn’t crushed.  Command will have my neck if I let the Twister fall into Coethi’s little metallic hands.  What is it, Ev?”
M’bela spied a crystal half hidden under some broken wall partitions.  She stooped down and snatched it up, handing it to Dringoth.  The Ultrarch-Major turned it end for end, frowning before putting it in a bag.
“I would like to formally request permission to stay behind, sir.”
Dringoth halted in mid-step and wore a puzzled look as he surveyed her face.  Beside him, Acth:On’e could only shake his head.
“Stay behind?  Are you ill?  What’s the matter with you, M’bela?  Of course you can’t stay behind.  Go over there and search through that pile.”
“Please, Ultrarch-Major, I have a reason.”
Dringoth paid her no attention.  He plowed through a mound of rubble with his boot, swearing to himself.  “What a mess.  Of all the luck, we have to pick a planet like this, with dragons as big as jumpships.  I never did like this hellhole of a place; the base was doomed from the beginning.  Now I’ll have to explain to Time Guard how I let a herd of demented fish demolish the one operational weapon that might have stopped the Coethi expansion.  Got any ideas, Acth?”
“Ultrarch-Major, please!”
Dringoth said, “All right, M’bela, what is it?  Why do you want to stay behind? So you can be blasted into voidtime again?”
“No, sir.  I request permission to stay behind.”
“And I thought you were completely recovered.  M’bela, we don’t have time to debate your theories about the fish around here…cities and civilization and all that crap.”
“They’re intelligent beings, Major Dringoth.  “We could learn so much from this race.”
Dringoth scoffed.  “Speculation.  It doesn’t matter.  I didn’t make this War.  Even if they are a race of sentients, they can’t stop a Coethi attack.”
“They can stop a Time Twister.”
That made the Ultrarch-Major scowl.  “You think they were responsible for this rampage?  Are you telling me those fish sent those serpents up to take out the Twister?”
“It was self-defense.”
“Some self-defense.  They’ve probably just doomed themselves to obliteration.  And maybe all the Uman races with them.”
M’bela withstood Dringoth’s scrutiny.  How can I explain it to him?  “I wish to remain on Storm, sir.”  
A flicker of sympathy crossed the Ultrarch-Major’s face; his eyes softened their hard gaze.  “This is a serious request?”
“Yes, sir.  It is.”
Dringoth took a deep breath and looked to Acth:On’e for some kind of support.  “You…M’bela, you understand what this means, don’t you?  The Coethi, I mean—“
“I understand, sir.  I’m prepared to absolve you of any official responsibility.”
Dringoth stared blankly out to sea, watching the surf pile up around the headlands that guarded the bay.  “No, no, I didn’t mean that.”  He reached for M’bela’s hand and held it tightly.  “I suppose you never did really fit in that well.”  He shook his head sadly.  “Casualties of war…voidtime does that to people.  I lost a friend that way—an Elamoid fellow, you know how they are, half machine and half lizard.  We blipped into voidtime together and both took a hit from a Coethi timecrasher.  I blipped back to truetime.  He never returned.”  Dringoth relived the experience and sighed.  “I guess you’ve gone through enough, M’bela.  Three hundred plus terrs in voidtime is enough sacrifice for any warrior.  Time Guard shouldn’t keep sending them out like that.”
“Then I can stay with Bigfin?”
Dringoth laughed in spite of himself.  “Bigfin?  Now you have personal friends here?”  He scooped up some rubble and let it sift through his fingers.  “How can I say no?  You’ve earned the right to die with whatever dignity you can find on this sewer of a world.  Where better than on good old solid ground, where the sun comes up and goes down every day and nothing ever changes?  It’s the least anybody can do—to grant someone the chance to choose when and where they’ll die.  But there’s just one question, M’bela, that I’d like to have answered.  Why?”
What could she say?  “I belong here, Major Dringoth.  I’m a part of all this and don’t ask me to explain.  It’s something I’ve felt ever since we arrived.  These fish…I know how this sounds—they remind me of the Igbo people back on Earth…my people…Cameroon.  Smart.  Sensitive.  Spiritual.  I want to learn more about them.  It’s kind of like—” M’bela averted her eyes, studied the ground.  “It’s like learning about my own ancestors, I guess.  Does that make any sense, sir?”
Dringoth shrugged. “In a way, I suppose.”
“—unless there’s another explanation.  I had one of those moments the last time you took the skimmer out to the Twister, when I was on the beach with Bigfin. He’s the one I’ve gotten to know best.   I know now that I have to stay here, with Bigfin and his people.  They’re my people.  I’m sure of it.  Maybe I’m just projecting sympathy for them, but I think that somehow, in some way, I’m one of them.  I don’t completely understand it yet.”
Dringoth was watching others carry gear to the jumpship.  “Neither do I.  But then that’s voidtime for you.  In and out, back and forth, flitting across the ages, without any thought for what it might be doing to us—it’s no wonder nothing makes sense.  For all I know, you and I might be fighting different wars.  We might have just crossed paths, on this world, in this time.”  He stood there before M’bela and held out his hand.  “From the beginning, I had doubts about whether the life of a time jumper was really for you.  Like you, I had a feeling.  Now, I think it doesn’t matter so much.  Even if you aren’t a jumper, then whatever you are, the difference between us is small.  Probably trivial.  The Uman races keep on adding new peoples.  One day, perhaps, you’ll be among them.”
There was an awkward silence, during which Acth:On’e stole away discreetly to help with the loading.  Dringoth toed the sand for a moment, gouging a shallow trench around himself. He looked up at the gray clouds, studying their ever-shifting forms as if seeking a portent of what Time would bring them next.  At last, he lowered his gaze to M’bela’s face. 
“The Coethi are coming,” he said.  “There isn’t much time.  And leaving you here with a functioning singularity core…that really is insane.”  He turned to leave but stopped when M’bela reached out and touched his face.
“Thanks,” she said.  Her hands dropped away when she saw Golich running toward them, motioning for the Ultrarch-Major to hurry.  “Thanks for understanding.”
Dringoth broke into a run and met Golich halfway.  They conferred for a moment, then headed for the ramp of the jumpship.  Neither of them looked back.

For several hours, Charley and Terpyt plowed the kip’t through growing bands and masses of people, gathering to await the next landing of the Farpool.  But there was no Farpool, for the Uman Time Twister that generated it as a side effect had been shut down, damaged in an attack of some seamothers a few days before.  The Umans were abandoning their base. 
Charley felt sorry for the swarming kip’ts and sleds and tillet who had born so many thousands to the waters around Kinlok Island.  Every available craft had been pressed into service and she could see in the eyes of the roaming throngs the expectation of a great trip, a great adventure.
“They don’t understand what’s happened,” she told Terpyt, swerving and diving and corkscrewing to keep from slamming into more people.  “Look at the crowds.  They’ve come by the thousands to enter the Farpool.  Just waiting, hoping, jostling and fighting with each other for position, like it’s all a great festival and they’re in line waiting for the gates to open.”
Terpyt agreed.  “They don’t know about the Farpool.  They only know what they’ve been told.  And they don’t know their own sun’s dying.”
Several times, Charley had stopped their kip’t to ask packs of emigrants about what was happening.  Some had told her that all the Metahs of the kels were coming.
“They come together,” one said, fluttery and anxious with excitement.  “It’s incredible.  Riding in the same kip’t.  Nobody has ever seen this before.”
“A portent,” another insisted.  “A good omen for our journey.”
“They’ll put a stop to all this nonsense, all the fights and arguments,” added a third emigrant.
Charley resolved to look for the kip’t convoy bearing the Metahs of the five kels.
“If we can explain what’s happened to them, they can sing out the details to their own people.  After that, you and I need to head back to the Pillars and retrieve Yaktu, Perlin and Keenok.  They probably think we’ve abandoned them.”
Terpyt was amazed.  “This would never happen on Urku…all the kels coming together.  I guess it did happen here.”
“And they’ll all die together if we can’t get that Farpool restarted.  Come on…help me keep pulsing for a really big train of kip’ts.”
They found the convoy an hour later, parked in the lee of a small iceberg, the entourage surrounded by numerous staff people and a perimeter guard detail of fierce-looking prodsman.
After some very loud arguments with a wizened old vizier, Charley and Terpyt were finally allowed into the presence of Mokleeoh, Metah of Omt’or and Lektereenah, Metah of the Ponkti.  
Lektereenah was angry.  “Why is there no Farpool?  My scientists predicted that it would land long before now.”
Mokleeoh was also upset. “We have thousands of kelke here, ready to enter.  Ready for the kel’vishtu.  I sent Likteek, from our Academy, to investigate.  Where is he?”
Charley tried to show the right inner peace that protocol demanded in the Metah’s presence.  Easier said than done, she realized.  When you could pulse everything inside another person, even what they had for breakfast, peace and tranquility inside was only good manners.  Sometimes, it paid to be an Amphib…nobody expected them to know the protocols.
“Affectionate Metah, the Tailless…the airbreathers…have stopped their machine.  That’s what created the Farpool and all the vortexes in these waters.”
Lektereenah was still furious.  “Enough of this talk.  I think better on vish’tu.  Come, let’s roam.”  
With that, the five leaders—Mokleeoh, Lektereenah, Okeemah, Kolandra and Maktelena—exited the huge sled and were quickly surrounded by the guard detail.  Flexing and stretching tired muscles, Lektereenah led them out from beneath the iceberg and off into cold, ice-flecked waters, circling and pirouetting among the bergs as they darted and dove and rose in unison.  The seabed was far below, lost in the dim murk, and only scattered schools of pikot and stagfish crossed their path.
Charley and Terpyt struggled to keep up.
Charley explained what she knew.  Lektereenah and Mokleeoh, both vying with each other to lead the roam, listened carefully.
“The Tailless shut down their machine…it was damaged by some seamothers.  Their leader said they had orders to abandon their base at Kinlok.  We’re trying to convince them, if they have to leave, to give us instructions on how to fix and re-start their machine.  If we can do that, we should be able to create another Farpool.”  
Left unsaid was whether any new Farpool would even work the same way as the original.  The timeline Charley had left—22nd century Earth—was well versed in how to create and control Farpools…indeed maintaining and protecting them was the primary mission of the Farpool Service.  But here on Seome, thousands of light years distant and hundreds of years in the past, who could know for sure?  There was every possibility that any new Farpool they were able to create would not connect Seome and Earth at all…the wormhole could even put them into the middle of a star, if not managed properly.  It all depended on initial conditions and fine-tuning and adjustments.
The Metah of Sk’ort, Okeemah, observed, “All my kelke are restless in these waters.  They know kel’vishtu is a great day.  Shooki has foretold it.  They know it’s coming.  They expect it to come.  But while they wait, they fight.  They kill and injure each other.”
“The situation is extremely volatile,” added Maktelena, of kel Eep’kos.
Lektereenah sniffed.  “The Ponkti are better disciplined.”
Charley was about to describe what would be needed to create another Farpool, when her signaler went off.  Terpyt was carrying it on a web belt slung around his waist.  
Now the signaler was buzzing.  The Umans wanted something.
Charley took the device and listened, dropping back a little from the front of the roam.  It was the airbreather who called herself Evelyn M’bela.
She wanted to meet.
With permission, Charley and Terpyt then broke off from the roam and headed back to the little beach at Kinlok Island.

They parked their kip’t by wedging it in the beach sand.  Terpyt stayed inside, not particularly interested in freezing to death in the icy winds. Charley staggered through the surf to the beach, where she encountered M’bela, standing among crates, bags and piles of gear. 
“Major Dringoth approved my idea,” she announced over the shriek of the wind.  She spread her hands over the gear around her.  “This is just some of what we’ll need.  Come on, let’s go up to the hut and get out of this wind.”
Inside the hut, M’bela made herself a cup of hot tea.  She offered it to Charley, who politely declined.
“Why is all that stuff down on the beach?”
M’bela sipped her tea.  “I was staging it there before I summon the skimmer.”
“The skimmer?”
M’bela nodded.  “Our little surface craft.  We use it to take stuff back and forth to the Twister.  I can operate it remotely, with this—” she withdrew a small control pad from her belt.  “This hut is where we control the Twister…all these panels are for power, adjustments, tracking and discharging the Twister.”
“And the rest of your crew?”
“Loading up Majoris right now.  That’s our ship—you can see the top of it over there—” she pointed through a small porthole.  “They’re just about to take off.  We had just started breaking the Twister down when you showed up yesterday.  That gear on the beach is some of the chronotron pods—they create the twist field and will have to be reinstalled.  Some cabling.  T-buffers, power conditioners, that sort of thing.  We actually did remove the core several days ago, so we’ll have to grab that and reinstall it.  It’s in a protective caisson on the seabed, for safety.”
Charley studied M’bela’s face, seeing an earnest sincerity that couldn’t be hidden.  “Why are you doing this?  Why did the Captain agree to this?”
M’bela shrugged, offered a tentative smile.  “Me?  I know what it’s like to be an outsider.  I know what it’s like to be discarded, treated like crap, talked to like somebody’s pet.  I guess I’ve seen that here.  That’s what the rest of the crew thinks of you, you know, something like pets to be toyed with.  And with the Coethi moving into this sector—” she shrugged, “this world won’t be around much longer.  I’ve seen a little of your world down there, below the waves.  I wanted to do what I could to save it…it deserved saving.  With the Twister up and operating, at least this place has a fighting chance against the Coethi.”
Charley decided not to belabor the point.  I’m not from around here either, honey.  I’m from Earth, same as you.  She knew the timeline was set.  Seome would be destroyed in a supernova of her sun.  The only survivors would be those lucky few who made it through the Farpool to some place and sometime else.
If there was a Farpool.
“How long will it take to get the Twister operating?”
M’bela gave that some thought.  “Several days at least.  The hardest part will be retrieving the singularity core from the seabed and installing it.  It’s tricky and it’s dangerous.”
“I think I can get lots of help from my friends.”
For the first time, Charley noticed that the air seemed warmer than before.  Pockets of heat swirled around them and steam vents had already blown open holes in sandbars offshore.  Above, the clouds seethed under the lash of strong winds.  High in the cliffs behind the beach, towering fumaroles whistled in the air.  It could only mean one thing.
A Coethi starball had already been fired.
M’bela motioned Charley over to the hut’s single porthole.
They heard the low whine of jumpship Majoris and saw it disappear momentarily in a haze of whirling sand.  On the ground, rockets were the rule.  Displacement engines tended to drag whole planets into voidtime if they were used too near to them.  A parabolic orbit was needed first, to take advantage of Sigma Albeth’s enormous gravity well.
The jumpship rode a spear of flame into the heavens and soon vanished in the clouds.  The thunder of her rockets pealed across the beach and echoed off the cliffs, resounding for several minutes afterward.  Charley let the image settle in her mind.
The sea was rising in the bay and swept over the beach with scalding, hissing breakers, quickly erasing the last evidence of the Uman camp.  Beyond the headlands, heavy swells boiled and dense hot mist soon blanketed everything.  Down on the beach, Terpyt found the water too hot to stand and climbed out onto the sand bank, the sand slowly crumbling under the relentless assault of the surf.  A dull red glow glinted off the rock cliffs behind him, diffusing in the mist like a false sunset.
Within a few days, M’bela told her the effects of the starball alone would reduce Storm to molten slag, not to mention its effects on the sun.  Already, it outshone the sun; in a quarter of the sky from which Sigma Albeth never gleamed, a broad swath of light burned a blinding radiance.  Outside the hut facing it, Charley felt the heat and radiation immediately.  She turned away and cupped her hands over her eyes, heedless of the way her skin flushed in the heat. She fanned herself dry.
Above them, a noticeable dimming of sunlight had begun.  
M’bela swore silently under her breath.  “It impacted Sigma Albeth dead on, the bastards.  Come on.  We don’t have a moment to waste.  Maybe a few days, maybe a few hours.  That sun’s on a fast track to detonation.”
Evelyn M’bela grabbed a lifesuit that was too snug and scrambled down the cliffs to the beach.  She stroked through the warming waters behind Charley, locating the small kip’t with Terpyt nearby.  All three of them squeezed into the kip’t and headed down, below the waves, to meet the thousands still gathering for the kel’vishtu.  And to retrieve Yaktu, Perlin and Keenok from their guard duty at the Pillars.
Chapter 11

Washington, D.C.
September 28, 2195 (Earth Standard)
(Pre-ak’loosh 786.1 Epoch of Tek’potu)

 DC Metro police SWAT teams and U.S. Army Third Infantry out of Fort McNair were stunned to encounter mobilitor-clad Ponkti battling other mobilitor-clad Seomish (a combined force of Omtorish and Skortish prodsmen) in the streets and along the canals and rivers of the District.  
Under Ponkti command, one unit had briefly occupied the White House, brushing aside human attempts to defend the Executive Mansion.  The Omtorish and Skortish unit tried to dislodge them but the Ponkti were too strong and became strongly embedded in their defensive positions.  The incident commander, Army Major Keith Wright, was puzzled at the spectacle of the Sea People battling each other as well as his own forces.  He wondered openly if this was some kind of diversion.  He ordered his units, 1st and 4th, to fall back up K Street to a more defensible position around Dupont Circle.  Army and SWAT weapons and tactics had inflicted some casualties on the beasts but the enemy’s suppressors and scent weapons were highly effective, as was their use of serpents as living armored formations.  
Wright had received orders to report back to Battalion headquarters south of the Mall.  He grabbed a jeep and made a mad dash through street rubble down Connecticut Avenue, careening on two wheels as he took turns under intense suppressor fire, sound grenades going off and once, plowing like a cartoon character right through the legs of one of the serpents. 
He brought the jeep to a screeching halt out front of the Old Guard’s Battalion Ops building.  Inside, he ran up two flights of stairs, saluting anything that moved and hovered outside General Richards’ office, while Security did their scans.
Richards, nearly bald as a cue ball and florid of face, motioned him in.  The air over Richards’ desk was thick with 3d graphics, including some kind of camera view.
The General narrated, pointing out what was happening.  “Charlie Platoon, trying to set up a defensive line across the Ellipse, to cut off those dinosaurs from heading up 14th Street.  This is a feed from a tactical drone, real-time—”
The audio was scratchy, interrupted by pops and whumps, as Lieutenant Pavlich’s platoon fired off mortars and anti-tank rounds.
“…Jesus H. Christ, those rounds just bounce off—”
“Their hide…it’s like reactive armor…hit ‘em over there!”
“Incoming…watch out…hit the dirt…!”
A deafening explosion rocks the dronecam.  It soon rights itself, climbs higher to get away from the backwash.
Pavlich’s dirt-streaked face came into view, careening up to see the tacdrone.  “Ops, I don’t know if you can see this…we’ve got three of those dinosaur-serpent things waddling up 14th Street right now…we need close air support and artillery bad…my men are engaging a line of those armored suits…cripes!  That’s so weird…they just got fired on by other armored suits…I don’t—”
Richards and Wright watched in horror as an entire skirmish line of Charlie Platoon was taken out, the men pitching into the grass of the Mall like lifeless dolls.  
“Fall back!  Fall back…to the Monument!”  The dronecam catches terrified men fleeing up the shallow bank to cover behind the Washington Monument.  Beyond them, a line of mobilitor-clad Sea People troops advances from one defilade position to another, pirouetting through the World War II memorial, firing back at other mobilitor-clad Sea People.
Pavlich and what’s left of Charlie Platoon are in caught in the middle of a murderous crossfire.
General Richards consulted some notes.  “The enemy’s got all kinds of weapons, stuff these men haven’t trained against: sound grenades, some kind of directed-energy suppressors or blinders, and—he stopped as a staff aide rushed into the office suite with a commandpad for Richards to sign.  The General dashed off a signature and the aide disappeared as fast as he had come in.   “—I was saying the Sea People are using some kind of toxic cloud of micro-organisms…they’re blanketing the whole Mall area.”
Wright winced.  “Purple, maybe?”
“Maybe.  We haven’t been able to snag any to examine.  They’ve even got some kind of scent bombs…when the damn things go off, any humans around starting vomiting uncontrollably…they turn green and start choking on their own vomit.”
Wright and Richards watched the dronecam feed for a few more minutes.  For Wright, it was obvious the entire regimental staff was in an uproar.  Voices shouted outside the General’s office and bodies flew in every direction.  Fingers were pointed, fists slammed on desks and the air was thick was spinning 3-d graphics as a dizzying variety of feeds clashed and hovered across the corridors and conference rooms.  
“Over last night,” Richards was saying, as he tuned one feed for another view of the White House and Lafayette Park, “we pulled satellite feeds from several sources.  Serpent-equipped Sea People forces are engaged with local defenses in Paris and London too.”
“There seems to be several factions,” Wright observed.
“We think so, too.  One faction uses these big dinosaur creatures like living tanks.  But there seems to be another faction that’s trying to contain the first faction and drive them back.  Most of the time, the locals are just caught in the middle.”
Wright shook his head.  “It doesn’t make sense, General.  Is there some kind of war on between Sea People factions?”
Richards shrugged, sat down hard in his chair and rubbed his eyes as more explosions silently rocked several feeds floating around the room.  Wright checked the annotations: White House/Lafayette Park, Dupont Circle, Anacostia/Navy Yard…the engagements were all over the District.  He felt his throat go dry. 
“I don’t know about that,” Richards was muttering, trying to collect himself.  He wiped his forehead with a handkerchief already drenched and soiled. “Just got a message from G2…they’re in contact with CIA and NSA.  There seems to be a worldwide effort, well-coordinated, to use the weakening effect of the Purple plague, to remove humans from positions of power and authority.  The Sea People are targeting government installations, communications infrastructure and power and water utilities, in an obvious attempt to drive us out of key population centers.  Casualties in the District and other cities are extensive and growing.”
Wright just shook his head.  On one feed, from 14th Street, an entire squad of infantry had been leveled when a sound grenade went off.  The tactical dronecam pitched over in the shock wave and plowed into a billboard above one corner of a hotel.   Just before the feed went dark, Wright had seen the long neck and veined, crested head of a serpent nosing its way through an intersection.
“We’ve got to coordinate our efforts, General.  It’s ‘War of the Worlds,’ in 3d out there.”
But before Richards could reply, a comm unit on his desk beeped.  The unit was red and humming…the SCI crypto activating even before he could toggle the thing on.  But no voice came through.  Text message only, unscrambled even as it appeared on the display.
Richards swore under his breath.  “SecDef,” he mumbled.  “Staff E-202.  Come now.  Bring anyone and anything you need.”  The screen went dark.  Richards looked up glumly.  “Summons, Major.  To the Pentagon…NMCC.  You’re coming with me.  You’ve got recent field experience with these clowns.”
Before Wright could even think of an objection—he was needed back at the company headquarters…top sergeant was begging for artillery and air…he had a liaison meeting with Langley and Andrews in half an hour—Richards was dragging him out the door and up to the roof, where an auto-velocopter was already spinning up.  The little craft flew away from the Ops building and gained altitude, giving both officers a view of a city being decimated piecemeal below.  
Fires and columns of smoke corkscrewed into the air.  Streets were blocked or barricaded by burning car hulks.  Drones lanced through the air around them, discharging missiles and particle-beam rounds at ground targets only they could see.  Wright managed to catch a glimpse of two serpents thrashing their way through the upper floors of a parking desk, the entire structure listing heavily to one side, about to collapse in on itself. 
They made it to the courtyard helipad after a few twists and turns around swarms of drones assembling over the Potomac and settled down to a rattling landing.  Several officers met Richards and saluted.
“This way, sir.  NMCC’s down.  We’re taking you to the fourth floor E-ring.  Navy corridor.”
Richards thought it best not to ask what had happened.  The whole place was in chaos, a normal state of affairs at the puzzle palace anyway.  They flew through streams of running officers and aides, scattering in all directions, as they entered the building.  They took an available elevator to the fourth floor.

Admiral Ray Davies shook hands with SecDef Jim Bergland outside the front doors of the CNO suite, while salutes snapped left and right.  Davies grabbed Bergland by the arm and steered him past the oil portraits of Halsey and Nimitz and Dewey and Zumwalt and MacKenzie into office 4E2101, the CNO’s fourth-floor E-ring compound, gliding across the plush blue and gold carpet to an inner office that Davies liked to use for quiet meetings.
General Richards and Major Wright followed the SecDef inside.
“I’ve got the vid footage up from Mackinac Island again, from eighty years ago, just to look for anything we might have missed before.  POTUS will be here in half an hour, so I hear.”
Bergland allowed himself to be steered until Davies shut the door, then pulled free.  The Secretary of Defense was a big, ruddy outdoorsy guy, with a booming voice and a crushing handshake.   He was used to being in charge in this building.
“Has the President seen this before?” he asked.  Flickering on screens all about the office, vid of the first meeting between Seomish immigrants and humans aboard the destroyer Mackinac Island was playing out inside that ship’s wardroom.  The meeting had taken place in the middle of the Atlantic, eighty years before, not far from Bermuda.  The vid footage shot aboard Mackinac Island had been a closely kept secret ever since…that and later meetings at Fleet Forces Command Headquarters in Norfolk.  Every second of it had been classified SCI Top Level.  
“Only snatches of it,” Davies admitted.  He poured some tea for Bergland and Richards and some coffee for himself.    “I want to show him the whole thing, before we get down to business.  It’ll help focus his mind on what’s important.”
Bergland sipped at the steaming hot tea, wincing a bit.  “And you think this is all some Russian plot?  Or Chinese, maybe?”
Davies shrugged, sank back in his leather chair, which squeaked with the added weight too many years ashore had put on him.  “I don’t know what to think, Jim, but I don’t see how it could be anything else.  I met the characters once in New York—Sea Council get-together-- and they seem legit, but…really…talking fish from outer space?  Come on…I’m an old sailor and I’ve seen lots of strange things in my forty years at sea, but this tops all of it.”
Bergland strolled about the office, idly picking out books from the shelves…Halsey…The Influence of Sea Power…Full Steam Ahead…books and tablets stuck every which way in Davies’ bookcases.  “You know the President will want recommendations.”
“And options…he always wants options.  Here—” he handed the SecDef a slate with scribbles all over the screen.  “Here’s my thinking right now…I’d like to know yours…before you know what hits the fan.”
Bergland sat himself down in a wing chair opposite the desk and scanned, mumbling to himself as he did so.  “Hmmm…media coverage…the people at Woods Hole…national security site…surveillance options…more contacts…you been sleeping with this, Ray?”  Bergland looked up and squinted at his CNO.  He’d known Davies for decades, from the time he had been a pink-faced Lieutenant in the gunnery division of an old rattletrap tin can named Mobile.  Davies didn’t scare easily.  He was calm, resolute and didn’t flap around when the bullets started flying or the boilers started blowing up.  But now…Bergland just shook his head.  Watching Davies watch the Norfolk footage was like watching your best friend look on at his own funeral.  The man was whiter than snow.  
“I haven’t slept much period the last few weeks,” Davies admitted.  “It isn’t so much the career impact for me…I can live with what happens to me.  It’s just that I don’t want to make a mistake.  None of us do.  This whole thing is either one of the greatest disinformation campaigns ever perpetrated or an intelligence windfall the likes of which we’ll never see again in our lifetimes.  What gives with these Sea People anyway?  I thought we had understandings, treaties, that sort of thing.”
“Suppose you’re right…it is the Russians.  Or the Chinese.  Or both.  Why go to all this trouble?  What do they gain by this?”
“Maybe disinformatsiya, Jim.   Like I said.  They’re trying to distract us from something else.  Or cover up something else.  Maybe they created Purple to make the human race go extinct, like the dinosaurs…although those creatures do look like escapees from the Mesozoic age, come back to bite us.  Maybe they’ve made a discovery below the sea somewhere else…could be anything…and they want to steer us away from it.  Hell, I don’t know.  But that’s what we have to find out.  That’s the tack I’d like to take with the President.”
Bergland looked right into Davies’ hard blue eyes.  “What if we’re wrong?  What if this isn’t a Russian plot?  What if these—characters—” he indicated the footage of the Seomish on the screen, clad in their armored mobilitors, wheezing and shifting under the weight of all their gear as they advanced along Pennsylvania Avenue in line abreast formation—“are just what they say they are?  Creatures from some other place…I mean, that is possible, Ray.  It’s not an impossibility.”
Davies folded his arms over a fruit salad of medals and ribbons covering the chest of his dark blue uniform.  “Then…we’re in a whole new ball game, Jim.  And nothing you and I know to be true, none of our lifetime of experience, means squat.  A whole new book, full of blank pages…that’s what we’re facing.”
At that very moment, a short knock on the door came and a tall, lean yeoman with a blond buzzcut peeked in.  “The President is here, sir…just coming on board.”
Davies got up abruptly, as did Bergland, Richards and Wright, and all brushed imaginary lint off their uniforms.  “Okay, thanks, Chad.  We’ll be right out.”
The SecDef , the CNO, and the General went right out to greet POTUS.
Samuel L. Kendrick was ruddy-cheeked with a deep tan that never seemed to fade, a result Richards figured that came from way too many trips to tropical conferences in resort locations.  His white hair was wind-blown and he shrugged his shoulders forward as if a great weight were pressing down on him, which Richards figured was probably true.
Perfunctory handshakes were done all around.  Kenley sat himself down on a nearby credenza, waving at the others to do likewise.
“Going to be a virtual hookup,” he announced, checking his wristpad.  “Five minutes.  It’s coming to my wrist and I’ll put in out when it comes.”
POTUS was about to inquire as to how the defense of the Capital district was coming when his wristpad chirped.  He fiddled with the thing for a moment, accepted assistance from the Davies’ yeoman Chad, and in seconds, the air over the glass coffee table was filled with two faces: UN Security Affairs Commissioner Evelyn Lumumba.  
“Good afternoon, Evelyn,” POTUS said.  “I was just asking General Richards and Admiral Davies here if it’s Russia or China again.”
Alongside Lumumba’s striking face was that of Dr. Joseph Ruyter, the incumbent Dutch Secretary-General, his pencil moustache twitching like a rat sniffing food.  
“We’ve relocated to Haven One, Mr. Kenley.  On the advice of our security people.  Paris isn’t safe now…the Sea People are engaging our gendarmerie all across the City.”
That brought an eyebrow lift to Kenley’s face, for he knew that Haven One was a last-resort UN redoubt on the Atlantic seafloor near the Azores.   If the SG and the whole Secretariat had taken up at Haven One, the situation in western Europe had to be bad.
“I’m sorry to hear that, Evelyn.  I hope you and your staff are okay there.”
“For the moment.  I think we’re pretty well protected down here.  My people are trying to comm-in another guest, someone from the Sea Council, but apparently the fighting in New York’s so bad, they had to relocate.”
President Kenley’s face was wrinkled with worry.  “Dr. Ruyter, I keep hearing rumors that UNIFORCE has been discussing the use of nuclear weapons.”
Like disembodied avatars, Lumumba and Ruyter looked at each other.  Lumumba spoke first.
“Mr. President, that’s just talk for now.  Obviously collateral casualties and damage would be enormous.”
“Yes,” POTUS agreed.  “Our own forces are terribly weakened and distracted by the effects of the Purple and the lack of effective antidotes.  The best we can do now at home here is to fall back to defensible positions and hunker down, until a new strategy can be worked out.”  Kenley checked with Davies, Bergland and Richards and all three nodded silently, their faces grave and long.
Bergland raised a hand.  “There is one possible optimistic note, Mr. President.”
“We’re listening,” Kenley said.
“Just this, sir.  We have a special tactical team at Fort Detrick, Maryland right now.  They’re working on a bioweapon that they think can counter the Sea People and their dinosaur formations.”
“A bioweapon?” asked Ruyter, wincing visibly.  “I’d hoped we had put that genie back in the bottle, after all the treaties.”
Bergland snorted.  “Not after Purple was let loose, sir.  This weapon is called Medusa and the team leaders have informed me just yesterday that they may be nearing the point of having something testable, even usable.”
Before anyone could reply, General Richards interrupted.  “Excuse me, sir.  Chad is trying to get your attention.
The yeoman came forward from another room.  “I’m sorry sir.  It looks like Solnet is starting another special report.  You asked to be informed.”
With Bergland’s permission, Chad manipulated the SecDef’s own wristpad for a few moments.  Then the floating heads of Ruyter and Lumumba were joined by a third disembodied ghost….

Solnet Special Report: “The Sea People Move into Positions of Power Around the World.”

Solnet Special Correspondent Luci Byers reports from Haven One, where many UN officials and functions have relocated, since New York City is also under assault from the Sea People.  Byers reports that conducting interviews and covering events from the surface is no longer safe and UN security people have strongly advised all media and journalists to go below and take shelter in or around Haven One.  Byers also reports that forces of the Sea People seem to be gathering near Haven One and an assault is expected any day…Luci….
“Thanks, Tom and good evening, ladies and gentlemen.  I’m coming to you tonight from the press compartment of Haven One, the United Nations redoubt somewhere on the ocean floor of the Atlantic.  For security reasons, we’re not allowed to reveal our exact whereabouts.  In just a few minutes, once the hookups are made, I’ll be interviewing Secretary-General Dr. Joseph Ruyter.  While we wait for the Secretary-General to become available, I’d like to go over some of what we know of the Purple pandemic and the current assaults we’re seeing in coastal cities around the world…ah, here’s our guest.  Good evening, Mr. Secretary-General.  Thanks for being with our viewers tonight.”
The SG, Dr. Joseph Ruyter, appears on the screen, side-by-side with Byers.  The SG is vidconning in from an undisclosed location inside Haven One.
“Good evening, Luci.  Thanks for having me on.”
“Mr. Secretary-General, all our viewers are aware that, in addition to the effects of the Purple, many cities around the world are experiencing unprecedented levels of violence.  There are numerous reports of forces associated with the Sea People coming onto land and conducting widespread and in some case, lethal assaults on people and property.  Can you confirm this and can you explain what UNIFORCE and the Sea Council are doing to counter this threat?”
Ruyter runs a hand through thinning, rather sparse hair and fiddles with dataspec glasses.  The reflection of reams of data can be seen scrolling down the specs as he talks.
“Luci, it’s no secret that we’ve entered a serious period of crisis, regarding the relationship between humans and Amphibs and the Sea People.  Our UNIFORCE intelligence people tell us that there is a sort of civil war going on between several factions—I believe they’re called kels—of the Sea People.  One faction has unfortunately allied themselves with the Chinese and some sources say this alliance is what produced the Purple…we’re working on evidence for that.  The other faction is opposed to what is happening and is trying to confront the first faction, at sea and on land.  It seems that some of our cities are caught in the middle and have become battlegrounds in this conflict.”
 “Any prospects for a ceasefire in this conflict?”
Ruyter’s face belied his words.  “Of course, we have offered the good offices and diplomatic skills of the UN in mediating an end to these disputes.  But we also have to defend our own people and cities as well.”
Byers consults some notes, looks up.  “Our sources have told me that, because it has been decimated by the Purple, UNIFORCE is just a skeleton force now, unable to muster men or weapons or effective tactics to confront these attackers from the sea.  Is this true?”
Ruyter looks like the kid caught with his hand in the cookie jar.  He smiles like the puppet he’s been accused of being.  “Of course, I categorically deny those allegations.  In fact, just today, I’ve been in talks with our Security Affairs Commissioner, UNSAC…that’s Ms. Lumumba.  She assures me that we are mustering forces now from some of our smaller members—Argentina, South Africa and Australia, in particular—to fight back against the Sea People who are assaulting and devastating our cities.  I can confirm that plans are being made right now for counterattacks in Shanghai and Tokyo.”
Now Byers saw she had the SG cornered.  “But sir, isn’t it true that all your efforts so far have been rather fruitless.  It’s common knowledge, given the news we’re receiving, that Sea People forces are spreading rapidly around the world and that most of the oceans are already under control of this one faction, the clan or tribe known as the Ponkti.”
Ruyter shrugged.  “I’ll admit that there is some truth in what you’re saying, yes.”
Byers went on, boring in across the thousands of kilometers that separated the two.  “And it’s fairly common knowledge that the Chinese are attempting, or may in fact already have, allied themselves with this Ponkti clan of seagoing warlords.  Isn’t this also true?  The Chinese seem to be assisting the Ponkti and following them to places that have suffered greatly in the Purple plague, taking power or inserting their own people in positions where the local government has effectively collapsed.”
Ruyter’s eyes blazed and he removed his dataspecs.  “Ms. Byers…Luci…I have to categorically reject this thesis.  This is nonsense and I want your viewers to realize that these are nothing but speculative theories or opinions masquerading as facts.”
Byers silently pumped a fist Yes!, as she scored the major points in her list of questions.  But now was not the time to be gentle.  You didn’t become Solnet’s senior foreign correspondent by being gentle.
“Dr. Ruyter, Solnet ran a series recently with Dr. Claudia Faust of the Max Planck Institute in Germany.  I’ll show a little segment of the vid of those interviews in a moment, but I wanted your reaction to her main thesis…it’s this: Dr. Faust said several times that she despaired of humans ever re-occupying the land and openly wondered if the Purple wasn’t really the first phase of the extinction of Mankind, along with our rising sea levels.  Her words: ‘There have been many extinctions in the history of Earth—Mesozoic, Jurassic, Pleistocene.  Why should our age be any different?’  Dr. Ruyter, with the alliance of the Chinese and the Sea People, do you believe Dr. Faust?  Are we facing an extinction level of events here?”
Ruyter openly scoffed at the idea.  “Luci, that’s nonsense.  Your viewers need to treat such academic babble as the garbage theory it is.  In fact, even if the Chinese are trying to cement an alliance with the Sea People, it’s more like an alliance with the Devil.  If Dr. Faust’s ideas were even close to being true, I think we can say the Chinese would be swept away with all other humans.  The very idea—” Ruyter tried to effect a scoffing smirk but he knew he hadn’t quite brought that off.
“Just a few more questions, sir.”
Ruyter was growing increasingly uncomfortable with the line of questions and reminded Byers that he had an important meeting coming up quickly.  He didn’t tell her that there was no such meeting, in fact, his own staff was just off camera hurrying him through the interview and trying to prep the SG for his own trip to Quito, Ecuador.
“Mr. Secretary-General, many of my sources have indicated there are currently frantic efforts underway right now, with assistance from UNISPACE, to locate or build suitable places for humans to live off-Earth, such as our Moon, Mars, even the moons of Jupiter or settlements in free space.  There is concern that such settlements and the means to get to them will be reserved for the world’s political and business elite and that rank-and-file people won’t be able to find a place.  Is this true?”
Ruyter tried to force his face to remain impassive, which was becoming increasingly difficult.  The reporter clearly had good sources.  “No comment on that, Luci.  The UN will have a statement to make in a few days about this.”
“Isn’t also true, Mr. Secretary-General, that already a project known as SPACETRAIN has been approved, funded and is underway.  Our sources tell us that this project has the goal of building a public farpool near the equator, near Ecuador in fact, to effect large-scale emigration of humans off-world.”
But the SG refused to take the bait.  Ruyter was determinedly noncommittal about her questions and offered only the vaguest assurances.
“Luci…Ms. Byers…such a development, even if it existed, would surely violate the most fundamental principles of fairness and justice and inclusion that the United Nations has stood for Ecuador centuries.  Trust me, we are doing all we humanly can to preserve the lives and positions of our people, and to either regain control of the world or find a suitable alternative.”
With that, the interview came to an end and Luci Byers watched Ruyter’s enigmatic puppet-face wink out.
As she started dictating her notes to her AI assistant Winston, she wondered just what Ruyter meant by his words ‘our people.’  Maybe the few and the fortunate.  The rich and famous.  The connected and coupled.  She reminded herself, telling Winston to add a notification, to look into that.
Even as she was dictating notes and observations and preparing to vacated the broadcast booth to another reporter in Haven One’s press pool, Luci Byers heard a chime from Winston.  Some kind of message coming through…this one from New York…or what was left of it.
She told Winston to port the message to her earbud and as she was carting her gear out and heading for a spicy mai-tai at the Fiji Saloon two levels up, she found out what her next assignment was going to be.
New York had told her to meet the Solnet submarine day after tomorrow.  She was to travel aboard Cronkite...and who the hell had named the submarine for that hack?...to Guayaquil, Ecuador to investigate what was happening with this SPACETRAIN project.  She had less than a day to compile any follow-on segments from the Ruyter interview and wrap up any last-minute footage of the UN seabed redoubt, any that Security would allow, for UNIFORCE would have the final say about what she left the complex with.
She felt in her pockets the reassuring heft of two remaining spybots, strictly illegal at Haven One, but devices she was sure would come handy in the upcoming days.
Now to that mai-tai.
Sitting at a corner booth with a porthole view of some beds of brain and staghorn coral just outside the recreation wing of Haven One, Luci Byers sipped her drink, fiddled idly with the garnish, and was vaguely disturbed by the irony of the whole situation: the Sea People apparently had emigrated to Earth from a distant ocean world some eighty years before.  Now, humans were openly talking of abandoning Earth altogether, at least the few and the fortunate, and emigrating to other worlds themselves. 
There had to be a moral in there somewhere.
Chapter 12

Seome
Near Kinlok Island
October 7, 2195 (Earth Standard)
(Pre-ak’loosh 793.2 Epoch of Tekpotu)

 Charley Meyer wished she were anywhere but here.  She had in mind to propose a truce to Telpoteen, Komik and the rest of the Ponkti.  The Ponkti and the Omtorish and indeed all the kels needed to work together to get the Time Twister up and working again to regenerate a Farpool so they could go home.  Time was short.  The sun was dying and Charley tried not to think too much about what would happen if they failed.
Telpoteen agreed to meet and kelke from both sides converged on the undersea ravines of a vast iceberg a few beats west of the Island.  He had come with his entire Urku Ponkti team.  Charley was glad she had brought her own crew along as well.  Sensing an opportunity, she detailed Terpyt to go retrieve the Uman, Evelyn M’bela from the kip’t and bring her to the meeting.
Telpoteen was gruff and suspicious.  “You want the help of the Ponkti, this pulses correct?”
Charley was determined she wouldn’t be intimidated.  Surrounding them were hundreds of others, from every kel, ever curious as to what might happen.
“I need Ponkti help, help from all the kels, to carry gear and materials around to get the airbreather machine working.  This is the only way we can generate a new Farpool.  We’ve got to put aside our differences.”  Even saying that, she realized she was fighting generations of suspicion and distrust, for the kels of Seome were ever wary of each other and possessive of their waters.
Telpoteen was true to form.  “These are Ponkti waters.  The Pillars, this island, all of this belongs to Ponk’et.”
“That doesn’t matter now, Telpoteen.  Get your people out of the Pillars and free the mekli.  Nobody gains anything by this.”
Telpoteen seethed, as Terpyt returned with M’bela, still clad in her lifesuit, visibly shivering the cold ice-flecked waters.
“If we assist you, we take orders from no one.  All of us—” he indicated his crew, “—are tekmetah to the Metah.  We’re bound to follow her orders.” 
Charley motioned for M’bela to come up beside her.  “This is eekoti Evelyn.  You can see she’s Uman, an airbreather, Tailless, whatever you want to call her.   She was part of the people who built the wavemaker, the Time Twister.  Her people created the Farpool.  She’s decided to stay behind, even as her own people have fled.  We have to do what she says.  She knows how to get the Farpool working.”
Doubtful, Telpoteen scooted off on a quick orbit around them, pulsing Charley, Yaktu, Terpyt and especially M’bela, where he paused for long seconds, reading the echoes.  Finally, satisfied, he returned to his original spot, by a long, jagged stalactite of ice protruding down from the berg.
“I pulse things I don’t understand with this one.”  He groped for the right words.  “Fear, perhaps…anxiety…it’s hard to be sure with Tailless.”
Now M’bela spoke for herself.  Her voice came out of the lifesuit helmet as if it were a distant whisper.  
“I am afraid.  And anxious.  I know what needs to be done.”  She touched Charley’s shoulder.  “I’m afraid every minute we spend arguing here brings you closer to total obliteration…with your sun dying—”
Telpoteen considered that, listened a moment to a whispered comment from Komik, the Ponkti scientist.
“How long?” he asked.
M’bela shrugged, a useless gesture in a lifesuit before a horde of talking fish.  “A few days.  Maybe a week.  And there’s a lot to be done.”
Telpoteen whistled and grunted and clicked with annoyance.  “Ponkti take orders only from the Metah,” he insisted.
Charley was growing exasperated.  “We’re all taking orders from eekoti Evelyn here.  She knows what to do.  If we don’t, Telpoteen, we all die.  It’s as simple as that.  Your Metah wouldn’t want you to cause that to happen.”
Telpoteen seemed to relent, reluctantly.  Earth or Seome, Ponkti are always the same, Charley told herself.
“When the Farpool returns,” he said carefully, “the Ponkti—” he waved around them, at the hundreds of faces and kip’ts and sleds surrounding them like an audience, “all of Ponk’et must be first.  Ponkti must have priority in the Farpool.”
Charley refused to be sucked into that argument.  “Sure, whatever.  We can work that out later.  Let’s just get the Farpool going.  There’s room inside for everybody.”  Just not enough time, you slimy bastard.
With that, Telpoteen quickly designated several of his crew—their names were Komik, Chereenah and Kolandra, which Charley promptly forgot—to accompany Charley and M’bela back to the Island.
“First, we need help getting all our gear down to the beach,” M’bela had told Charley as they climbed back into the kip’t.  “The pods, the T-buffers, all the cables and wiring.  Then there’s the core.  It’s still in a caisson on the seabed.  That’ll take a crew to safely raise it and install it in the Twister.”
“Just help me work out a schedule first.  Then we’ll make the assignments after that.”
The trip back to Kinlok took an hour.

Charley beached the kip’t and they climbed out, M’bela gratefully doffing her helmet and wincing in the gusty wind, now becoming warmer and more fetid but blowing like a gale, flinging sheets of sand and water in their eyes.
“I want to go back up to the hut.”
“How much more to bring down?” Charley asked.
“Several dozen bags, boxes and crates.  But that’s not why I need to get to the hut.  We have an instrument up there…a pyrheliometer.  I want to ‘shoot’ the sun, see if we can get a read on how long we have.”
They climbed the rugged slopes, steadying themselves against the gusts and finally fell inside the hut.
M’bela searched the remaining crates until she found what she was looking for.  The instrument resembled a small telescope encircled by ‘ears’ that stuck out.  She found the stand and unfolded it, then mounted the device and snugged the latches down.  “Now…outside.  You can hold me steady.”
They went out into the warming, humid, sultry gale.
M’bela staggered in the wind as she planted the instrument stand in between rocks.  “Hold me steady for a few minutes.” Charley wedged herself against M’bela’s body and did her best.
After a few moments of tuning and adjusting, M’bela muttered quietly.  “Mmmm…this is not good.  Crap…this is not good at all.”
“What is it?  What do you see?”
M’bela hmmm’ed for a moment.  “Well, we call this little toy Sunwatch.   It’s got everything…heliometers, photometers, bolometers.  Hear that beeping?”
“Yeah, what is that?”
M’bela massaged the controls and tried to focus the array, to get better resolution on the target.  Sunwatch didn’t beep without reason.  Somewhere in its nearly infinite memory were luminosity and illuminance data on nearly every burp and hiccup Sigma Albeth had displayed for the last few months.  Like an overprotective mother, Sunwatch knew where every sunspot and spicule and prominence and magnetic field line was supposed to be, right down to the nearest centimeter.
Sunwatch only beeped and chirped when something was out of whack.
A quick perusal made the black hairs on the back of M’bela’s neck stand up.  The system was showing a high-rate drop in overall luminosity of the solar disk, far below baseline values.  In her two months and fourteen days since being assigned to this watery hellhole of a planet, she had never seen anything like this before.
“Sunwatch’s sensors are telling us something.  All the indications are there: neutrino flux increases, gamma ray increases in every sector, luminosity flares right after the starball impacts, magnetic field lines twisted a certain way….”
“How long do we have?”
M’bela tore her eyes away to gouge sand out of them with her fingers.  “I don’t know exactly.  Maybe days, maybe a few weeks.  That last starball impact seems to have started something irreversible…I’ve seen this before.”  She put a hand on Charley’s shoulder to step down from the rocks.  “We’d best to get started right away.”
“Sure…what’s first?”
M’bela thought.  “Get your amphibs up here with us.  I saw two.”
“Yep…Yaktu and Terpyt.”
“Get ‘em up here.  They can help us carry all these boxes and crates down to the beach. Once that’s done, we’ll assign who does what, who goes where.  This has to be well-coordinated.  The Twister doesn’t like steps being missed.”
M’bela started to pull away but Charley kept her hand on the jumpmaster’s shoulders.
“I just want you to know—whatever happens—I really appreciate what you’re doing.  I didn’t know airbreathers could be so---” she struggled for the right word.
“Stupid.  Brainless, maybe.”
“No, no, that’s not it.  Maybe courageous.”
M’bela smiled back, put her hands to Charley’s rough face, felt tenderly of her gills.  “Just another day in the Guard…that’s what I say.  This—” she spread her hands, “this is nothing to an old time jumper.   Someday, I’ll have to describe what Academy training is like for jolts like me.  Especially the Flux Tube.  That’s where they dump second-year jolts right into a time stream with only a hypersuit and your wits to save you.  Dead reckoning temporal navigation, worldline convergence rates, chronometric maneuvers, suit boost all by yourself in the middle of nowhere…I mean…Wow!”  She made two fists.  “You can’t beat the Flux Tube.  That’s what makes a man out of raw jolt…and I’m not even a man.”
Charley helped her down and they went back to the hut, gathering up armfuls of boxes and gear.  “Your captain…Dringoth.  He seems like a typical hardass.”
M’bela smoothed back a loose strand of hair, tightened one of her bone hairbobs.  She turned left and right and left again, fluttering her hands, not sure where to begin.  “Oh, Dringoth.  Yeah, typical jump captain.  I’m sure you have the same in your service.  In fact, I was checking out a history vid the other day, one of my old Academy training classes.  I learned something: your own Farpool Service actually evolved over the centuries into Time Guard.  So you see: we’re like sisters in the same service.”
“What Captain Dringoth did was very brave.”
“Reckless too.  And definitely not good for his career.  Dringoth’s like that.  I learned what kind of person he really was in the Battle of the Gauntlet.”
“Battle of the Gauntlet?”
“Oh, right…you wouldn’t know about that.  It’s in the future for you.  Here, help me with this crate….”
The two of them got a heavy crate up on a rickety table, so M’bela could paw through the contents.
“Yeah, the Battle.  See, right out of TS3—that’s Time Stream Sensor and Surveillance School—I was assigned to serve as a crewperson--TS-1 rating, time stream search and surveillance--aboard the jumpship Pollux.  Almost right away, I saw action against the Coethi in what became known as the ‘Battle of the Gauntlet.’  This was late in the year 2812, our time system. One of Pollux’s officers was this hardass named Monthan Dringoth, later executive officer aboard jumpship Majoris.  Majoris and Pollux were both heavily damaged in this encounter in Time Stream T-487.  Majoris was basically destroyed—and later re-built-- but Dringoth and me and some of the crews of both ships survived.  We were marooned in Time Stream T-487 for days before being picked up by another jumpship.  It was Dringoth who kept most of us alive and together during this time.  Although we all suffered grievous injuries, his efforts saved twenty brave men, woman and several invaluable bots.  Dringoth got a Legion of Merit medal for this.  Somehow, I managed to survive the encounter and afterwards, I had one hell of lot of respect for Dringoth.  Recuperating aboard a medship heading back to Sturdivant 2180, I got an Exceptional Valor medal, with three star clusters.  It was like a switch had been turned…after this, I had new path in life.  I really wanted to wave that medal in front of my father’s face but I ultimately decided not to visit Keaton’s World—that’s where I’m from, not Earth like you—so I opted instead for spending my liberty time with Pollux survivors at Gibbons’ Grotto.  That’s a satellite of one of the outer ice worlds in the Sturdivant system, an icy wonderland that was a sort of theme park.  
“While at the Grotto, I learned through the Time Guard ‘grapevine’ that Dringoth had been picked to head a new unit called 1st Time Displacement Battery, serving a new weapon called the Time Twister along the frontiers of Uman space, directly in the line of advance of the Coethi.  The word was he needed crew people and I found myself applying to be selected, almost before I realized it.”
“That’s how you came to be here?”
“More or less.  In early 2814—again, our time system--I was accepted and reported for training duty at Hapsh’m Base—that’s star-sun Epsilon Eridani-- where I met Dringoth again (he seemed delighted I would be joining the crew of 1st TD) and where I met the rest of her crew.  The Time Twister was a new weapon, needing wholly new tactics, to be located in a dangerous but critical region of Uman space.
“After some initial training and familiarization with Time Twister ops, I traveled with the first Battery crew to this newly scouted world in the Sigma Albeth B system, an undistinguished and dreary backwater oceanic world known to us as Storm.  This planet and the star system were strategically located in the Lower Halo region known as Halo-Alpha.  It was a vital crossroads between Uman settlements in the Halo and the Inner Spiral.  And, now, here I am.”
Charley struggled to balance her load of boxes.  “What do we do with these?”
“Down to the beach,” M’bela ordered.  She grabbed the crate on the table, snugged the lid down and kicked open the hut door.  “Stage these with the rest of the gear down there and call up your amphib friends.  We need to get this stuff assigned to the right people.”
They picked their way carefully down the slope toward the beach.

Charley was tekmetah to the Metah of the Urku Omt’orish, now a free-bound, credentialed subject of Her Majesty Orkinah, sworn into Kelk’too, and given the mission of re-creating the Farpool, and saving the whole planet.  It was a job she hadn’t asked for.  It was like when her Dad Kentrak had told her she was going to be doing inventory every Sunday afternoon at the dive shop at Muir City Promenade.  Charley hated doing inventory.  Sunday afternoons were for beach-combing.  Diving.  Swimming.  Flirting.  Anything but inventory.
They had a big machine to put together.  And nobody knew, least of all Charley Meyer, if the damn thing would generate another Farpool or not. 
Charley had to talk herself into her new role as chief engineer, project manager, head kelke and General of the Army.  She knew she wasn’t up to any of those roles.  But you stayed with it.  That’s what the Amphibs always did.
The assembly expedition returned to Kinlok and resumed work.  A small contingent of workers had been left on site when Charley had gone to meet the Ponkti.  Now, as Charley’s kip’t nosed over the edge of the chasm of Kinlok Trench, she saw the sections of the Twister laid out like so many pieces of a jigsaw puzzle on the seabed, slings and nets full of chronotron pods, mooring cables, foundation pads, all the parts that somehow, they had to put back together.
Not to mention raising the singularity engine in its crate from the bottom of the trench, the thing that powered the Twister.
Straight away, the workforce set to work.  
For many days, they worked long hours.  Charley was everywhere, using Evelyn M’bela, to guide the process…put this here, attach that there, plug this into that and I think these fit like this...only when fatigue set in and she could no longer keep her eyes open, did Charley relent and rest.  She slept every night, fitfully, in the back of the kip’t.  But never more than a few hours and when she could no longer sit still, driven by the knowledge that so many kelke, indeed the all the local Metahs, and probably the whole planet and all its kels, were depending on her, she left the kip’t and sometimes roamed alone about the worksite, just watching. 
Seome had become a gigantic Muir City Dive Shop and she was now the manager.  She didn’t know if she liked it or not but she’d discovered more about herself in these days than for her whole life before.  Reserves of strength and stamina, reserves of resourcefulness, a well of determination and pure grit that no one, least of all Charley Meyer, ever knew was there.
First came the foundation pads, buried deeply in the seabed and supported by rock and anchors securing them to the hard limestone of the Kinlok plain.  After the foundation pads were in place, anchors for mooring cables were set in place.  Then the sections of the Twister’s outer shell and casing were towed by kip’ts and attached to the cables.  Fasteners were a puzzle.  The Umans had left some but the Seomish didn’t seem to like them or understand them.  Instead, a paste mixed of korpuh blood and sand was used to secure the casing sections to the mooring cables.
“Very strong,” insisted one Sk’ortish engineer.  “Flexible and tough…we use them for pal’penk trains…the animals can still maneuver but it gives them enough room to move with the currents.”
Charley had little choice to but to let the kelke with the real knowledge do their jobs.  Charley’s First Rule of Management: get good people and get out of the way.  She figured if she ever got back to Muir City and Keenomsh’pont, she’d lay all this management knowledge on Reynaldo and get his lazy ass humming like her old jet ski.
After the casing sections had been towed into place and fastened to their moorings, the sections had to be joined together.  More korpuh blood paste.  Then came the chronotron pods, rounded up from their holding nets and positioned on top of the Twister, the part that rose above the surface.  Here Charley, an amphib and airbreather, did much of the precision work, shoving and heaving the pods into their mounts and securing them with korpuh paste and an odd Orketish joint called seamother’s teeth.  Not actually teeth, though Charley wondered, but composite hinged claws and grabbers that clenched opposing sides of a structure just like a mouth filled with teeth clenched its prey.
After many hours of exhausting work, it was time for a brave crew to dive into the deepest part of the Kinlok Trench and retrieve the singularity engine.
Charley decided that she would lead the crew.  To help her, she chose M’bela in a lifesuit and two others: a Ponkti weaver named Kuktor and a Sk’ortish technician named Haktek.  And right away, Charley saw that there would be problems.  Kuktor and Haktek couldn’t get along.
It started when the crew was staging a vast sling and float device.  The sling was woven of tchinting fiber, Kuktor’s specialty.  The Ponkti weaver was very protective, even defensive, of his work.  Haktek struggled with the fiber, trying to bend it far enough to form a knot of sorts, something to cinch up two ends and close a loop so the sling could be fastened to a float.  The plan was to attach the sling ends to the singularity engine pallet and float it out of the trench, indeed all the way to the surface.  There, Charley and M’bela, still clad in her lifesuit, would climb up onto the Twister deck, drag the pallet to the central core tube of the Twister and deposit the engine in its bay there.
“This blasted fiber’s too tough,” Haktek complained.  “The weave’s too tight…I can’t bend it.  If you’d done your job right, this wouldn’t be happening.”
“If you knew anything about tchin’ting,” retorted Kuktor, “you’d know where to make your bend.  Nothing wrong with the fiber…it’s the joiner who doesn’t get it!”
The argument had been flaring for hours, until Haktek couldn’t take it anymore.  He dropped his end and went right at Kuktor and a full-fledged brawl ensued.  Before Charley heard it and came as fast as she could, more had joined in.  A cat fight of tumbling, slashing, stabbing bodies flashed before her.  Grabbing several others, Charley waded in to the tussle, got a beak in the face, and was slapped silly by someone’s tail.  It took Ponkti prods, strong words, curses and determined referees from Eep’kos and Sk’ort to finally break the fight up.  
The battling kelke separated reluctantly and hovered nearby, glaring at each other.  Charley stayed in the middle.
“That’s enough!  Enough of this…all you guys do is bicker and argue and fight.”  She hoped her echopod was conveying her disgust with the whole situation.  “You want to come with me to the Notwater and see with your own eyes why we’re here?  Your world’s falling apart.  That sun up there’s dying.  The water’s getting colder, saltier.   Stop this bitching and moaning and jabbing at each other…you guys aren’t enemies.  The real enemy’s up there—“ she pointed toward the Notwater.  “The real enemy’s the assholes who slammed your sun.  Don’t you get it…no sun, no Seome.  How about a little shoo’kel, for once, huh?”  She didn’t even know if she’d used that word right, but at least no one was snickering.  “Now, let’s get back to work and get this job done.”
Little escapades like this happened every day.
Re-starting the Time Twister was always going to be a difficult task, owing to not fully understanding Uman technology and mutual suspicions between Ponkti and Omtorish.  Also, Charley didn’t want the Ponkti to bring so many seamothers back and wanted them to release the Pillars and the mekli from their occupation.  But local Seomish politics always seems to intervene.  And the Chinese crewman on site, namely Lihua Guo Feng, didn’t help, always siding with the Ponkti.  
There was serious time pressure on the rebuild job, made more urgent each time M’bela shot the sun to determine its condition.  The Urku world (and the Notwater people) needed an antidote to the Purple.  The star-sun Sigma Albeth B was in its final death throes and would soon go supernova; Evelyn explained why this was occurring and what would likely happen.  It was all history, all indelibly impressed on this time line.  The Chinese scientist who had come with the Ponkti team was forthright in wishing to preserve their knowledge of the Purple, enhance its deadly effectiveness and build an impregnable geopolitical position on Earth, where they would be masters of the world, along with the Ponkti, in effect the Middle Kingdom and the Sea Kingdom. 
The rebuild proceeded but suspicions and distrust remained.  Disputes erupted constantly and both sides accused the other of sabotage and nefarious purposes.  The mekli, after being released, had to intervene often to keep the disputes from erupting into open warfare, preventing the Farpool from being regenerated.

When time came to move the core, the singularity engine was gingerly floated out of the trench and rose like a fistful of whirlpools up toward the surface.  Charley and Evelyn M’bela, along with Haktek and Kuktor, helped guide the ascent, pulling and manipulating on steering cables, to keep the thing straight.  Still fastened to its pallet, the engine couldn’t actually be seen for all the foam and froth its currents generated.  Rising steadily, the engine looked like a big mobile water drain, currents and waves and white-hot steam bubbling in a stewpot of turbulence.  It seemed to be sucking in all the water around them and Charley ordered all non-essential kelke to back off a good distance.
When the pallet broke the surface, it vented and hissed and crackled like a lightning bolt, churning the seas around it for dozens of meters.  Haktek had designed a hoist arrangement to haul the crate up onto the Twister deck and across its outer shell to the core tube at the apex of the huge dish-shaped structure.  The maneuver took several hours but when the singularity engine was unhooked and slid off its pallet into the tube, Charley, M’bela and Haktek all cheered, though Haktek’s cheers were muffled from within a lifesuit.  
The wormhole generator slid down roughly into its tube, still crackling, venting and hissing and was gone.  
Now, to hook it all up, Charley told herself, and flip the ON switch.
While precariously perched on the slope of the Twister deck, some twenty meters above the surface, Charley took a moment to study her surroundings.  
It was clear, in comparison to her last trip topside, that the light level had dropped considerably.  Seome was always cloudy but this was more like twilight.  The winds howled and the surf was rough, throwing ten-meter waves over the edge of the Twister deck. Charley couldn’t see Seome’s sun through the gray scud but, if this was midday—and there was no way to tell, really—then the amount of light trickling through had fallen off.  She knew what Evelyn M’bela and the Umans had told her…that the Coethi enemy had done something to the sun and it might not survive long.  The Coethi starball weapon knocked stars off their normal sequence, sending them to their deaths, often by supernova if they were big enough.
And the effects of the damaged star-sun Sigma Albeth B on Seome were already well apparent to everyone.
M’bela struggled to hold on to cleats and other projections on the Twister deck.  Charley heard a muffled shout.  M’bela was pointing through heavy surf.  Charley looked.  It was a seamother, several in fact.  Their slick gray-black humps floated like small islands, perhaps a few hundred meters away.  And, as Charley watched, they made no movement at all.
M’bela dragged herself up to Charley’s level, near the apex.  “They’re dead, both of them.”  It seemed to be true.  There was no apparent life in the beasts.  “A sad time,” M’bela’s voice was choked with emotion.  “They are magnificent beasts, even if dangerous.  Perhaps, once the Farpool is working, we can find a calf and take it through.  See how it does in Earth’s oceans.”
Charley thought the idea had merit.  Part of their mission was to do exactly that, competing with the Ponkti for the best specimens. The two of them clambered down off the Twister deck, submerged and returned to the work crew.

Re-building the Twister took another day, maybe two, by Charley’s reckoning.  There were more fights, insults, brawls and there were times when Charley felt like something between a referee and a harried mother.  But through it all, the Twister came together, the singularity engine ticked over in its core and, at last, the day came when the first startup test was planned.  Everything seemed ready.
A control center of sorts had been constructed inside the original hut on a hill overlooking Kinlok’s tiny beach.  Cabling to the Twister was run and the machine was ready to be powered up.  Charley drifted nervously about the control center, with her chosen startup crew, including M’bela, Yaktu and Terpyt from her crew. Ponkti and other kelke were carefully selected to make sure no kel was slighted or insulted.  She had become much more nuanced and sensitive to kel politics since leading the Twister project.  Those who weren’t amphib cruised just offshore, observing what was to happen.  
Just beyond the surfline, the Ponkti leader, Telpoteen, the grizzled tukmaster was also present, growling and scowling like usual.  The other kels also were represented.
The plan was to perform the power-up procedure that Charley had extracted from M’bela’s memory tab and carefully monitor the results.  For safety’s sake, the rest of the crew had been ordered back several beats, in case the Twister hiccupped or did something unexpected.  
M’bela checked that all was in readiness and gave the word.  Power from a bank of eel-like, specially bred k’orpuh was applied.  The singularity engine was engaged.  Then on the Twister deck several beats out to sea, at its surface, the chronotron pods began to turn.
For many minutes, as the Twister spun up, the waters above Kinlok grew turbulent, crashing and foaming and bubbling as great forces were slowly uncaged and released.  The first vortex columns appeared shortly afterward and soon became white-hot, steaming caldrons as the pods jerked spacetime into their clutches and the waters flashed with immense, barely contained energies.  
Charley was exultant.  “Pul’kel…” she whispered.  “Our first whirlpools…we’ve done it!”  She winced at backslaps from Yaktu and Terpyt.
Just then, a Sk’ortish weaver popped into the control hut with news of the results.  “Lost our first tillet,” he told them.  “She wandered into a pul’kel and vanished.  It works…it works!”
“The big question is the main vortex,” Charley told M’bela.  “The Farpool.  I don’t know where it’ll form…or even if it’ll form.”
“We should send out scouts to look.”
“Good idea.”
A dozen scouts were rounded up and given the hazardous duty.  Charley gathered them just offshore at the beach.
“The vortex fields are forming.  But I don’t know if the Farpool has formed yet.  We have to find it, see what it’s doing.”
“I’ll go,” Kolandra offered.  She was one of Telpoteen’s Ponkti crew.  “I’d like to study this phenomenon, measure the scents they produce, maybe capture some in a bulb.”  
Yaktu started to object, but Charley overrode the objection.  “It may come in handy, Yak.  We need to learn everything we can about the Farpool…how it forms, how it works, how stable is it, even what it smells like.  We may need all that.  But Kolandra, be careful out there.  All those vortexes, they’re treacherous.  Give them a wide berth…don’t get too close.”
The scouts were dispatched.  
Kolandra traveled with two others, both Eep’kostic natives, from the southern seas, both males, Koktee and Rokka.  They set out, skirting several smallish whirlpools dancing over the top of the seabed like watery wraiths.  Currents were strong and confused; slipping through the tricky tides and waves and surges of the vortex fields took nimble swimming and strong flukes.    
“There’s something strong up ahead,” said Koktee.  “Feel it…it’s already dragging us in.”
The three of them pulled hard to navigate through the battering of whirling columns of water, all of them spinoffs from the startup of the Twister.  Each vortex reached out in turn, clutching at them, knocking themselves sideways, upside down.  It was a tight squeeze,
“Watch out for that one!” yelled Rokka.  A massive tornado of water appeared out of nowhere.  It seemed to split the sea top to bottom, twisting and corkscrewing like a thing alive.
Kolandra and Koktee were too late.  Each was caught in the whirlpool.
“I’m trapped!” Kolandra cried.  She whipped one way, then another, stroked as hard as she could but it was no use.  The vortex squeezed and pummeled her and pulled her steadily into its spinning maw.
Koktee was no better off, though he was stronger.  They were embedded in a forest of whirlpools, new ones forming left and right, appearing and disappearing in seconds, as the Time Twister’s chronotron pods grabbed spacetime and yanked it.  The whirlpools were an inevitable side effect of the Twister’s operation.
For a minute, Kolandra thought she would be able to pull free.   She slammed her tail and armfins as hard as she could.  Almost there…almost…but she couldn’t quite break free.  She couldn’t relax either; with every breath, the whirlpool column pulled her closer.
Finally, the wormhole won and Kolandra disappeared in a flash into the core of the spinning, writhing tube.  Seconds later, Koktee vanished also.
Only Rokka survived.  Stunned, his heart pounding, he turned about and swam as hard as he could back toward the Kinlok shore and the control center in the hut.  He was out of breath and shaking when he arrived.
When Telpoteen realized Kolandra was gone, “swallowed by opuh’te,” Rokka forced out, between great gulps, he was disconsolate, then angry at losing his navigator/pilot.  Charley questioned Rokka about what he had seen, where they had been, was this the Farpool?  Rokka shook like a scared dog, Charley thought, and had to be calmed down by others.  Charley went to Telpoteen, who circled offshore mindlessly, restlessly.
“Maybe she’s just displaced, thrown somewhere nearby.  I’ll get a search going,” Charley offered.
Telpoteen just kept circling.  He was making Charley dizzy, watching him, trying to keep up.  “It’s no use.  Every one of the opuh’te is a little farpool.  You called them wormholes.  Openings to other places, other seas, other times.  I know an Omtorish plot when I pulse it.  She’s just gone—“  he couldn’t finish the thought.
Charley wished she could talk without the echobulb but it was useless.  She reached out to try and soothe the Ponkti commander, but Telpoteen wouldn’t stop, wouldn’t even slow down.  If anything, he orbited through the crashing surf even faster, words and fragments of words spilling out.
“She was always shoo’kel, eekoti Charley…full of ke’shoo and ke’lee.  She was a great pulse…she was great with the scentbulbs…that was her art.  Full of life.  And she was our navigator.  Now—“
“Telpoteen, it was an accident.  No one’s to blame.  There’s no plot here.”
But the Ponkti commander wanted no part of any of them.  He scooted off into the murk, heading somewhere, anywhere.  Charley tried to keep up, afraid Telpoteen might wander into a whirlpool, by mistake or on purpose…she didn’t know.  
But there was no way she could keep up.
“Leave him alone,” someone said behind Charley.  It was Komik, the Ponkti scientist.  “Telpoteen’s like that…death upsets shoo’kel…upsets the balance, the serenity.  Ponkti shouldn’t react that way.”
For a long moment, Charley glared at the scientist.  “Humans…eekoti…are like that too.  Dying is the end.  Finality.  I guess we’re more like the Omtorish.”
Komik did something that Charley had always regarded as a sort of shrug, the way he hunched his armfins.  “To Ponkti, death and life are a great circle, like the Pomt’or Current…one follows the other, one comes from the other.  Where you have one, you have the other.”
Charley now felt the growing turbulence and pounding of the Twister’s drone beating against the water.  Proof, as if she needed any, that the Uman machine was now working in some way.  
“We need to locate the Farpool, and determine if it’s operating as before.  I’ll form up a scout detail and lead it myself.  It has to be out there among all those whirlpools.”
But before Charley could organize the scouts, a courier appeared.  His name was Skota and he had come from the Omtorish emigrant camp, bearing an official message from the Metah of the local Omtorish.
Skota was given something to eat and drink, before revealing the message.  He had memorized the words, but Iltereedah’s voice had also been recorded on an echobulb, for backup.  The deep sound channel was too unreliable for repeaters to use, so the kels had begun using them as physical couriers.  
“Her Most Affectionate Majesty, Iltereedah luk’t kel: Om’t, is on her way to Kinlok Island, to the project site.  She arrives in one day.  Other Metahs travel with her, along with their courts.  The Kel’em of Omsh’pont travels too.  They come to see what progress has occurred here.”
The Metah?  Charley wished M’bela were around, but her friend was still on shore at the control hut…some kind of troubleshooting with the Twister, off by herself.  I need her, Charley thought.  What did one do to prepare for a visit by the Metah?
Yaktu-James, Charley’s crewmate, offered some suggestions.  “I’m sure she will want to see the control station.  She’ll have to wear a mobilitor.  Make this space fit for Iltereedah.  Assemble food…Iltereedah will probably want gisu, ertleg, all the pal’penk fin you can find, maybe tong’pod too.  And drink.”  Here, Yaktu leveled a stern gaze at Charley.  “We’ve both had our differences with the other kels, Captain.  But in this project, we are all kelke.  I’m telling you straight.  We have to work together.  Iltereedah, Lektereenah, all the Metahs, they will want to see that we work as a team.”
Charley wanted to believe him.  She figured she didn’t have much choice.  

A few hours later, the Metah’s convoy had arrived.
Charley deputized Yaktu and a select group from each kel represented to show the Metahs around the project site…the Twister foundation, the control station onshore at the hut, even watching the dance of the whirlpools from a distance.  After the formal tour, with Charley glancing nervously at Yaktu and Evelyn M’bela for approval and a little guidance, the officials assembled inside the control station to dine.  M’bela was frankly in awe at a gathering of full-blooded Seomish standing around in mobilitor suits inside the hut.
Iltereedah snacked noisily on ertleg claws through her helmet, while her Kel’em, the kel council, hovered nearby, also eating, yet doting on her every word and belch.  
Charley decided to be bold.  Her Dad wouldn’t have been surprised.  “Affectionate Metah, once we locate the Farpool, we need to test it.  Send someone through, some gear too, and make sure it works as before, that they can come back through to Seome.”
Iltereedah let her half-eaten ertleg claws drop to the floor of the hut.  “I have approved a test mission.  But there are conditions.  There will be two ships.  Each ship must have three onboard, six in all.  Every kel will be represented.”
Lektereenah, Metah of the local Ponkti, agreed.  “It is the only way.  No kel can dominate the Farpool.  We all have a stake in this.”  It was the way she said it that drew Charley’s notice.  Lektereenah always wore an enigmatic smile, but behind the smile lurked something more sinister, evident even through her helmet.  Indeed, Charley saw how she and Telpoteen made eye contact.  Something had passed between them.
Oolandrah, Metah of Sk’ort, agreed.  “We all agree on this.  If the travelers make it through the Farpool and come back, we’ll know it works as before.  The path for emigrating will be open.”
Iltereedah wanted to re-assert herself.  She considered the control station was still Omtorish territory.  She gave a quick lurch in her mobilitor and bounded, nearly falling, about the control room.  “Already plans have been made, eekoti Charley.  Even now, cohorts are being formed in all kels.  Emigration cohorts.  Materials to accompany each one are being gathered and assembled in Omsh’pont.  The first pal’penk trains will be here soon.”
Lektereenah was not to be outdone.  “Our Ponkti engineers are building a departure station right next to the island.  Here, our kelke will come and be made ready for the trip.”
It all made Charley’s head spin.  “Affectionate Metahs, we haven’t tested the Farpool yet.  Isn’t this too early to—“
But Iltereedah would hear none of it.  “Then, you must test right away.  You have your assigned crew.  What is the delay?”
Charley had no answer for that.

The assigned crew, carefully worked out among the Metahs, was a perfect political balance among the kels.  Charley, M’bela and Yaktu would travel through the Farpool in one kip’t, specially strengthened for the journey and outfitted with gear for detailed exploration, measurement and reconnaissance of the far seas of Urth.  The second kip’t would carry Telpoteen, Habloo and Koboh, each kelke from other kels around Seome.  
As final preparations were being made and provisions laid in, Lektereenah summoned Telpoteen to a quick roam deep into the abyss of the trench below Kinlok’s beach, away from all the others.  The steep walls of the trench somewhat muffled the sound of the Twister above them.  In the black of the trench, only a few nightmarish creatures accompanied them, creatures with electric blue spines, gaping maws and stiletto teeth, bulging red eyes.
Telpoteen and Lektereenah roamed in silence for awhile.  Then, Lektereenah stopped abruptly.  
“You know why I summoned you?”
“Yes, Affectionate Metah.  It bubbles inside you…anyone could pulse it.”
Lektereenah seethed.  “Don’t be so insolent.  The younger tuk players look up to you.  You should be an example…of shoo’kel and respect, not insults and rudeness.”
Telpoteen had grown tired of this exchange scores of mah ago, with Potereenah, Metah of the Urku Ponkti.  On Earth or Seome, the Metahs were all the same.  “As you wish, Metah.”
Lektereenah said, “This mission is vital to Ponk’et.  The kelke are counting on you.  I’m counting on you.  Don’t let me down.”
“You haven’t given me any specific instructions on how to carry it out.”
“No,” said Lektereenah.  “I assumed you were resourceful enough to find a way.  Just make sure that the eekoti, Charley, and Yaktu of Omt’or, don’t come back.  They must not return to our seas.  That will make it easier for us later…when the emigration starts.”
Telpoteen moved off at a slow pace, a deliberate snub to the Metah.  “Then the decision has been made.  You plan to leave this world, everything you’ve ever known, everything you hold dear, behind.  Just like that?”
Lektereenah hustled to keep up.  “What choice is there?  You’ve seen what’s happening…ak’loosh is upon us.  The Great Wave is here.  Everything will be destroyed.  Shooki’s mad.  He means to bring this world to an end…so we have to find another one.  The eekoti’s world is a world of seas.  We can make a life there.  But once we are there, Omt’or will no longer rule the seas.  The Ponkti will make the rules.”
“Meaning you will make the rules—“
Lektereenah slapped Telpoteen with a sharp spank of her tail, then speared him with her beak, not hard enough to draw blood, but hard enough to get his attention.
“I’ll deal with you when we’re in the new world.  Just make sure the eekoti and none of the Omtorish come back.”
With that, Lektereenah darted upward, plowing through a shower of glowbits, which blossomed in a silent explosion of light as she passed through them.
Telpoteen watched her disappear into the black void, leaving a decaying trail of glowbits, then followed her up to the top of the trench.
If we come back at all, he told himself.

The precise location of the largest whirlpool, thought to be the Farpool, had been established the day after the Metahs had come to Kinlok.  Now, the two specially equipped kip’ts carefully approached the vortex field, with Yaktu piloting, but Charley right behind him.  
M’bela was their third passenger.  Charley thought Uman time jumpers would be naturally courageous and fearless, but she could feel M’bela shaking uncontrollably behind her.  The three of them were crammed into a tight space, beak to tail, with little room to move.  Charley could even feel the time jumper’s heart hammering away inside her chest.
This should be fun, she told herself.  Then she swallowed a bit of nervous saliva rising in the back of her own throat.  
Yaktu was fighting the kip’t controls.  “Tricky currents here, Captain.  It’s hard to steer in these—“
“Just feel for the big pull,” Charley told him.  Yeah, like I really know what I’m doing.  Still, she had become something of a celebrity on this water world.  She figured she’d better act like she knew what she was doing, even if she didn’t.  This will either be one small step for the Seomish…or a complete disaster.  Charley didn’t know from the history of the timeline how her friends and family had reacted to the knowledge that another race was planning on dropping by, living in their oceans for like forever.  The potential for conflict and misunderstanding was high, probably incalculable.  Yet somehow, the Metah had essentially made Charley an ambassador of sorts.  Somehow, at least in this timeline, it had all worked out. 
Half human.  Half Seomish.  And now, leading the great trek earthward, if all went well.  Charley figured she was a kind of pioneer, like with the wagon trains that headed west in America’s frontier days.  
Feeling M’bela’s heart jackhammering away right in the middle of her back, Charley found herself wondering if there were any Indians waiting for them out there.
“I’ve got it!” Yaktu cried out.  “Feel it…we’re being pulled in strongly.  I can’t even steer this thing anymore.”
Charley did feel it.  The kip’t rolled upside down and slammed all of them hard against the cockpit.  Then the spinning and corkscrewing began.
Charley’s last thought, when the white flash exploded all around them, was: Cowabunga!  I hope to hell this thing works!
Chapter 13

Seome
Near Kinlok Island
October 17, 2195 (Earth Standard)
(Pre-ak’loosh 797.8 Epoch of Tekpotu)

 Finally, the teams had managed to get the Time Twister restored.  It had been properly powered up and a new vortex field developed, along with what appeared to be a new Farpool.  But time was short.
Being a jumpship commander in the Farpool Service, Charley had proposed a test flight, with Evelyn, using a specially modified kip’t.  A quick trip through time and back to make sure the Farpool worked as expected and that it could be safely navigated.  Charley thought this was prudent before tens of thousands of kelke tried to emigrate.  The local Metahs agreed but stipulated that all the kels had to be represented on the test jump.  All had agreed to this and the mission had gotten underway.
Meanwhile, the Ponkti, Omtorish and Chinese remaining behind on Seome gathered their mah’jeet specimens and seamother calves and readied them for the upcoming trip.
By design, Charley had chosen to try to navigate the Farpool back to 22nd century Earth.  But she was completely unprepared for the navigation error that occurred.
The kip’t jetted out of the Farpool in a blinding light, a roaring rush of deceleration, throwing Yaktu and Charley hard against the cockpit windows.  Caught in the whirlpool, Yaktu rammed the ship’s rudder hard over, while firing his jets to counteract the centrifugal force of the spin.  For a few moments, they were all pinned sideways against the cockpit, until the force of the jets shoved them through the core of the whirlpool and out into calmer waters.
M’bela breathed hard, wiping her face with her hands.  She checked the instruments.  
“Sounding smoother water, Charley…rough water but visibility improving.  I can pulse ahead…looks like we’re…somewhere.”
Charley looked outside the kip’t canopy.  “Yeah, but where?  And when?  And where’s the other kip’t?”
It was Yaktu who had a thought.  “These waters…does this look like Earth’s Gulf waters to you…the same turquoise color, the seabed sand, it looks awfully familiar to me.”
“You’re right.  Let’s surface and get our bearings.”
Yaktu drove the kip’t upward and they breached in a small explosion of foam and froth, bobbing in the swells.
It was a cloudy, wind-swept day.  Straight away, they saw a tall column in the distance.  Its shape and color were familiar.
“What’s a lighthouse doing in the middle of the ocean?” asked Evelyn M’bela.
Charley studied the structure, maybe several kilometers distant.  They did seem to be in the middle of the ocean.  A few small sails were visible on the horizon, perhaps single-masters out for a windy day of sailing.
“Yaktu, drive us closer.  I want to see if we can identify that lighthouse.  It may tell us where we are.”
Yaktu guided the small craft through the chop, closing the distance steadily.  In a few minutes, they were close enough to make out a sign at the top, just below the lantern room. It read:
Apalachee Point

Charley ransacked her memory.  That did sound familiar.  Then, she had it.
“Apalachee Point was at Scotland Beach.  Florida.  That’s where my granddad Chase and grandmom Angie grew up and first met.  But this can’t be Scotland Beach, can it?  Where’s the town?”
M’bela had produced a small device from her belt.  It looked like two fingers intertwined.
“What’s that?”
“Every time jumper carries one.  It’s a pocket converger.  I wanted to try to find out when we are as well as where.”  She aimed the end of the device out the canopy, at the clouds scudding by.  She made a few adjustments, then h’mmmed.
“What is it?  How does that gadget work?”
“It measures convergence angles for local worldlines.  It also measures timeline curvature.  But this can’t be right….”
Charley was curious.  “What are you reading?”
M’bela sucked in her breath.  “Normally, if we came through the Farpool on our navigation target, I’d expect the thing to show curvature close to zero.  This is reading nearly five.  And the convergence angles are all wrong.  Charley, I hate to say this but—”
“Say it.  Don’t sugarcoat anything now.”
‘Well, with the curvature at nearly five and the convergence angles showing what they show, there’s no way we can be on time stream T-001.  We may be in a different time stream, or an unknown branch of T-001.  And the curvature says we’re well into the future, by several hundred years, from our nav target.  Positive curvature means the future.  Negative means the past.”
Yaktu looked around from his controls.  “Captain, that could explain the lighthouse.”
A growing suspicion had dawned on Charley.  “If we’re in the future relative to our original target, and on a branch of the main time line, maybe this—” she waved her arms at the ocean surrounding them, “—maybe this is what happened.  The Apalachee Point lighthouse didn’t sink.  The ocean levels rose.  Probably engulfed the whole town.”
Yaktu tried sounding the seabed below them.  “I’m pulsing structures and scattered debris on the ocean floor.”
“Take us down, Yak.”
The kip’t submerged and descended into the gloom.  Owing to the turquoise water, visibility was still decent as they approached the bottom.  
Charley peered out the canopy.  “My God…that’s the old clocktower.  I saw the pictures growing up.  And the Courthouse, right there.”  She pointed.  “Yak, translate over to that cluster of wreckage beyond the hill.”
The kip’t thrummed as Yaktu drove them to a pile of debris.  Charley saw a sign half-buried in the muck.  It read: Apalachee High School.
“Holy crap!  The high school.  My grandparents were students there.  This debris…all this wreckage…this must be Scotland Beach.”
M’bela agreed.  “It looks like this part of Florida is underwater.  Sea levels were rising fast in the 21st and 22nd centuries.  I remember that much from History.”
 Yaktu heard an insistent beep from his sounder.  “Multiple surface contacts, Captain.  All around us.”
Charley made a quick decision.  “We’d better get away from here.  Let’s head back to the Farpool landing.”
Yaktu was in the process of turning the kip’t around when the craft was suddenly entangled in some kind of netting that had just appeared.  
“Watch out!”
Yaktu tried to reverse and back them out, but they only became more entangled.  “We’re caught!  Where’d that net come from?”
The kip’t began ascending inside the net.  They were being slowly reeled up to the surface.  Frantically maneuvering, blasting his propulsors, reversing, Yaktu couldn’t tear the net or break them free.  Presently, they made the surface, rolling in heavy surf.
They had been pulled alongside something that resembled a battered houseboat.  The raft was nothing more than spars and beams lashed together.  Up top, a decent sized deck house sat like a cabin amidst a forest of masts and crossbraces, many sheeted with expanses of canvas billowing in the wind.  Two crewmen, a boy and a girl, maybe teenagers, with windblown hair and skin bronzed from the sun, hauled the nets closer and closer.
An older man and a woman hung back by the mainmast. 
‘Captain’ Will McKinley stood against a door on the forward weather deck of the Revenge and tried for the fifth time to light his cigarette.  Fortunately, his first mate, Julia, was nearby and came to the rescue, cupping his hands around McKinley’s stiff fingers.  
Both were still shaken from what they had just witnessed.
“Never seen a spout like that, Julia…quite a sight that was.”
Gallagher, first name Julia, agreed.  She finally lit her own cigarette.  “Never this far east, eh?  Like something out of the tropics.  Sky split open, crack of lightning.  It’s a wonder that pod of whales didn’t scatter to the winds.  They got up a good frenzy but they seem to be settling down.  Shall I order the kids out?”
“Yeah, give the order.  After they secure whatever the hell this craft is.  It’s small but we might have some good ones in there.  Tell ‘em to brace themselves, though.  This is some fierce chop.”
It was just then that first mate Julia Gallagher, of the Revenge, out of the Blackbeards of Orlando Island, lead ship of the main line and always loaded to her gunwales with good meat after a run, saw the ghost, the apparition, for that’s what she would insist on calling it in all the reports and debriefings that would follow.
“Cap’n…excuse me, sir…but what the hell is that?”  Gallagher pointed to a form just breaching the heavy waves off their starboard bow…not a whale, not a porpoise, but something else altogether, something the two adults had no words for.
McKinley, who didn’t really mind being called “Mount—“ behind his back by his wife and kids, peered hard at the body, the form, riding low in the surf.  It had crawled out of the craft and somehow managed to work its way free of the netting.  It was human-like in size and scale, but amphibious in appearance.  Dark gray, mottled on its back, fins and flukes, but also legs and arms.  And the head—
“Crikey…it looks like a bad movie…what is that?  Mermaid?  Monster?  If I didn’t know better—“
But Gallagher was already on the bridge talker.  “Donovan, Angela, to the starboard bow!  Man your stations!  Target that beast… twenty meters abeam of the ship—“
A flurry of activity around Revenge’s foredeck produced a frantic burst of activity as the teenagers vanished, then reappeared with high-powered rifles, now assembling among the capstans and bracing of the ship’s foredeck.
“Jesus!”
“God in…it’s a monster…!”
“Some kind of turtle--?”
Gallagher made her way down.  “Take your best shot, kids.  Let’s see if we can capture that beasty and bring her in…no one’ll believe it otherwise.  Look out…another one’s coming out--!”
Donovan and Angela settled their weapons down.  Presently, shots rang out, dozens, then scores of shots, as the teenagers unloaded, trying to hit the ‘apparition’, but the ship was rolling and pitching too heavily for anything like a clean shot.
Gallagher went up to the bowsprit and leaned out, trying to get a better look.  God Almighty, the beast looks like a raptor…like something from the past.  All scales, reptilian head, fins and flukes, black button eyes….it’s a friggin’ nightmare!
“Cap’n--!”  it was Donovan.   “Maybe the nets…if we could get close enough--!”
Gallagher figured it was worth a shot.  She hand-signaled to McKinley, still up on the bridge deck.  The Captain seemed to understand.  While Revenge broke off her salvage trolling for a few moments and maneuvered toward the beast, Gallagher and Donovan organized a different net.  They sprang open lockers on the foredeck, hauled out seine nets and other rigging and loaded the mortars with shot, fastening the net anchors around the mortars.  At McKinley’s signal, three mortars boomed out and flung netting over the side of the ship.  The range was near perfect on their very first try and the netting descended over the thrashing beasts, just as McKinley heeled Revenge sideways toward their target.  The ship slopped and careened for a moment, while the kids worked furiously to secure the net ends, cinching up the snare by its halyards.
Three beasts were caught…and a great cheer went up on deck.  Now, winches were started up and bit by bit, the net was hauled shipward…as the beasts thrashed and flailed and struggled and cried out.  
Gallagher lit another cigarette, as she helped straighten one end, trying to keep the net from tangling.  By the time the winches had brought their prize catch alongside and began hoisting it on board, Julia, Donovan and Angela were already backing away from the still-thrashing beasts, as they kicked and squealed and lashed out.  The kids kicked back at the things, one threw a bucket. Indeed, one the beasts even seemed almost human, a dark-skinned female.
Gallagher had the sense to go find a locker and withdrew a small gun.  She loaded the magazine with several tranquilizer darts—the tray label read Impact-Actuating Inoculating Hypodermic Syringe—Maropitant citrate.  She shoved Donovan aside and cautiously approached the beasts, still writhing and squealing in their snares on the deck.
Two of them looked like gigantic frogs to Gallagher.  Spade-shaped heads like little dinosaurs, long legs with feet and fins, arms with hands and fingers…one was trying to tear at the netting with its fingers.  It was strong too, Donovan ventured too close and was knocked backwards by its kicks and slashes.
Gallagher crept up, took aim and fired several times, once into the stomach, several times into the chest and neck.  One after another, she dropped all three beasts right to the deck, still inside the netting.
“Freaking amphibs, that’s what they are.  Helping those friggin’ seapeople.”
The tranquilizer began to take effect a few moments later.  The beasts’ kicks and flails began dying off, becoming more and more intermittent, weaker, slower, until finally, after what seemed like forever, all three lay still and quiet, dripping salt water puddles onto the deck.

Charley awakened groggy and sore.  She tried to rub her eyes but found she was handcuffed to a pole.  She was in a dark room, inside the houseboat’s deck house.  Yaktu and M’bela were nearby, just awakening themselves, likewise cuffed to poles.  
Two adults and two kids sat cross-legged on the deck in front of them, studying them as if they were lab rats.  Charley was dimly aware of horns and shouts outside.  Squinting in the strong sunlight, she saw dozens, maybe scores of other boats had converged on their craft.  
A week-long party called Seafest had been underway for most of the day.
Jeez, that explains the pounding in my head.  It was those damned drums they’re beating.
“Where are we?” she managed to croak out.
McKinley came up to her and cupped his hand under her chin.  “Blackbeard waters, you freak.”
Julia cried, “Will, don’t touch her.  You’ll get warts.  She’s either amphib freak or seapeople trash.”
“Blackbeard…”  Charley rolled the name around her tongue.  “What is that…a company?  Are you pirates?”
McKinley snorted.  “Blackbeards own these waters.  And we don’t much cotton to claimjumpers from the Disneys or the Daytonas.”
“Claimjumpers?  What are you talking about?”
Donovan smirked.  “Didn’t know the fishheads could actually talk, Dad.”
“Blackbeards are working this find.  Salvaging, trolling…all kinds of treasures down there in that rockpile of a town.”
“He must mean Scotland Beach,” Evelyn M’bela surmised.  She tried to recall History vids from her Academy days.  “When we came through the Farpool, we must have crossed over to a branch off T-001.  This is after the Flooding.”
Charley shook her head, flexed her wrists to reduce the pressure of the cuffs.  “The Flooding…that never hap—”
“Shut up, bitch!” Julia snapped.  She smacked M’bela in the face.  “I know a witch doctor when I see one.”
“Yeah,” said Angela, munching on some bread.  “She’s probably Tampanite.  Lots of witch doctors down there.”
“Let her speak!” Charley begged them.
Blinking blood from her eyes, M’bela went on.  “In this branch, we’re after The Flooding.  Most of America’s east and gulf coasts are underwater.  Society broke down.  There was anarchy.  Constant tribal wars.  Blackbeards must be one of the water clans.”
They were interrupted by three bearded men who appeared in the deckhouse hatch. 
McKinley recognized them.  “Bo.  With Jerk and Sammy, no less.  When did you crapolas get here?”
Bo was chewing on something that had once been a big bone.  “Since the sun came up.  What the hell, Mac.  It’s Seafest.  Whatcha got here?”
McKinley ushered them in.  “Seapeople trash we found.  Could be spies from the Disneys too.  You want one?  Or all three…I can make you a good deal.”
Bo came over to Charley, looked her up and down, ran mangled fingers along the ridges of her face and gills.  “This one’s feisty.  Might be a good slave once she’s broken.  But I ain’t got the time.  How about that one?”  He indicated M’bela, who turned her face when Jerk and Sammy started rubbing their rough hands across her cheeks.
McKinley hmmpphed.  “Not amphib, that’s for sure.  Airbreather.  Must be human.”
“How much?” Jerk asked.
McKinley thought.  “Hundred tokens.  And that nice little schooner you’ve brought in.”
Jerk snorted out a laugh.  “A hundred tok---no way, Mac.  What…you think I’m blind?  Fifty, tops. And I keep the boat.”
They haggled for a minute, then Julia stepped in.  “Make a deal for the whole bundle, Mac.  We got enough mouths to feed around here.”
Donovan piped up.  “The amphibs could be useful, Dad.  That town down there on the seabed is pretty deep.  It’d be nice not to prebreathe every time we go down.”
Julia thought his idea had merit.  “I guess she could teach us some diving tips.  That’d come in handy if we can push the Disneys back and get a crack at those parks near Orlando Island.”
But before McKinley could decide, an ear-shattering series of sirens wailed across the water.  Chaos and shouts followed as dozens of cruisers and houseboats scrambled into defensive positions.  Bodies flashed by the hatch in a blur. 
McKinley, Bo, Jerk and Sammy all charged out of the deckhouse, leaping across the water from boat to boat.  Julia grabbed Angela and spat out a series of orders, Donovan too.
“Get the shields up now!  Crack open the gun cabinet.  Donovan, get fuel into the tanks.  We may have to make a run for it!”
The Blackbeards bolted into a well-drilled battle routine.  Julia shot out of the deckhouse to get Revenge turned about.  She headed up to the pilot cab and started the engines, which rumbled into life with a throaty grumble.  Angela gathered up leftovers from an earlier meal into a basket.  Donovan was headed down a ladder into a dark opening belowdecks.
Charley stuck out a foot, tripping Donovan.  He went sprawling onto his face. 
“Hey!  What th--?”  Donovan got up fast and came at Charley with both fists.  
Charley dodged a few blows, though one caught her on the temple.  Dizzy, she croaked out, “Donovan!  Donovan…stop!  What’s going on out there?”
Donovan stood poised to smack her again, both fists balled tight.  He lurched forward, then held back the next blow.
“Sea People patrol, most likely.  They come around when we have big meetups, like SeaFest.  They’re attacking from the perimeter, trying to pick off stragglers.”  He dropped his fists, headed back to the ladder.
“Donovan!  Donovan, wait!  Release us.  We can help you.  We can help defend your claim!”
Something in the timbre of Charley’s voice caught his attention.  Donovan stared in disbelief at her, then to Yaktu and M’bela.
“Why would you do that?  That’s your kin out there, firing on our boats.”
“It’s not like that, Donovan.  Trust me.  We’re not who you think we are.  We’ve got just as much to lose as you…release us and see for yourself.  You need help…if the Disneys show up to jump your claim in the attack—” Charley knew it was a long shot but she figured using their language might help.
Donovan just glared at her.  Charley blinked back.  “Donovan, the keys.  Give me the keys.  Then you can get to work.  I’ll help you.”
Donovan made a dubious face, then made a quick decision.  He knew the Blackbeards might well need help.  The claim was rich but it was nothing if they couldn’t defend it.  He rummaged in a small box on a side cabinet and found some keys.  He gave them to Charley, then started down the ladder, “Got to get all the tanks aligned.  We’ll need the fuel if the Seapeople come at us hard, like the last time.”  His head dropped below the floor into a dark hold below.
Charley worked the keys and soon released both cuffs.  She flexed her wrists, massaged aching arms, then released M’bela and Yaktu.
“Come on!  Let’s find our kip’t…while we can!”
They bounded out of the deckhouse, surprising Angela and another girl, who were using knives to sever rope that had lashed Revenge to neighboring craft. 
“Hey!  Hey…get back in--!”
One after another, Charley, Yaktu and M’bela plunged over the side into clear waters, now churning with froth and foam as the houseboats maneuvered to separate and form a defensive line.  Charley guided them around the stern end of Revenge, hoping their own kip’t had been taken in tow when they were captured.  They had to avoid thrashing propellers and slashing bows as they maneuvered.
Finally, she found the kip’t.  It was bobbing at the end of a tow rope like a cork.  
“Here!” she yelled out, but no one would hear in the chaos below water.  Charley and Yaktu were amphibs and their gills kicked in moments after diving into the water.  But M’bela was human, an airbreather, and she flailed and fought to head up to grab air.  Charley directed Yaktu to get the kip’t released from its towrope and prepped for a fast getaway.  Then she followed M’bela up to the surface.
They breached in the midst of churning waves, shouts and furious splashing, as boats collided and scraped against each other.  Several capsized, sending bodies into the water.  
Shots rang out and rounds zzzz’ed into the water, leaving hissing trails as the bullets’ energy was spent.
Voices shouted.  “There’s two of ‘em!  Pick ‘em off!  Light em up!”
More shots came too close.  Charley knew they couldn’t stay there any longer.  
“Take deep breaths.  Don’t hyperventilate, just deep easy breaths.  You’ll have to hold it until we can get to the kip’t and get away.”
M’bela’s eyes bulged in fear but she nodded understanding.  She took deep easy breaths, then decided she was ready.  
They ducked under, Charley guiding her by hand to the kip’t, which Yaktu had relocated to the nearer side of Revenge’s hull.  More shots hissed into the water, then an explosion deafened them as some kind of bomb was dropped on top of them.
But they made the kip’t.  Charley guided M’bela inside, then cranked down the canopy.  The cockpit was lined with small air sacs, looking like forlorn faces with cheeks distended with air.  But the sacs were mostly empty and she knew they would soon have to surface to get them re-filled.
“Yak, get us out of here, fast as you can!  Get away from this fracas and then we’ll have to surface to refill the air pouches for Evelyn.”
Yaktu sped them through crashing turbulence, narrowly avoiding boat hulls, thrashing propellers, jet wakes, rounds hissing through the water and more explosions.  Out one side of the canopy, Charley saw a small fleet of kip’ts bearing on the gathering.  
More Seomish, she realized.  The Blackbeards weren’t kidding, for the kip’ts bore all the appearance of attacking craft, studded as their bows were with prods and banks of sound 
grenades.  No wonder they hate the Sea People.  What the hell kind of crazy time line is this?
M’bela’s face was turning purple before Yaktu had guided them out and away from the battle into somewhat calmer waters.  He planed up and broke the surface.  While the kip’t bobbed in light chop, Charley cranked open the canopy and M’bela coughed and gagged, gulping and gulping in lungful’s of air.  Her color returned after awhile and Charley found a gisu pod still inside a bag and gave it to her.  M’bela sucked on the sweet juice greedily, her eyes blinking thanks over and over again.
Charley studied the air pouches, noting with satisfaction that all seemed to be working, their cheeks filling out, ‘mouths’ sucking in air rapidly.  Once full, the pouches would be able to discharge their air even when the kip’t was at depth.
“What now?” M’bela finally croaked out.
Charley sat back and closed her eyes, letting her gills flap in the cool sea breezes, enjoying the waves and the sun.  She realized she was beyond tired.
“This test of the new Farpool didn’t go quite like I planned.  Navigation error put us in this time line.”
M’bela nodded.  “Trust an old time jumper.  Crap like this happens.”
“We’ve got to find out where the Farpool will land again, if we can.  Locate the vortex fields and just wait, I guess.  We’ve got to get back to Seome before….”
M’bela finished the thought.  “Before that sun goes belly up.  I was trying to recollect what I learned at the Academy about all the branches of T-001, their history and what happened.  From what I can remember—and I could check this wristpad for more information—we seemed to have come to a time after most humans have either died off or emigrated.”
“The Purple?”
M’bela was scrolling something on her wristpad.  “I believe so.  The seas were rising in all T-001 branches.  Humans of this time—20th, 21st, 22nd centuries, knew this was happening but they didn’t do anything about it.  Coastal areas, coastal cities like London, New York, Tokyo, went underwater.  Millions died.  Millions more moved inland.  If we’re where and when I think we are, the seas and what’s left of the land is teeming with amphibs and modified Seomish.  The Purple is history, having killed off billions, half the human population…we studied all this, but no one took it seriously.  I mean, it’s a timeline branch and not a main time stream.  Time is like that.  There are an infinite number of branches, so anything can happen.”
They watched as a few sails appeared on the horizon.  The battle seemed to be coming their way.  Charley told Yaktu to take them down and after they put some distance between themselves and the battle, they would surface again and hunt for the vortex fields.
“You said many humans emigrated.  Where?”
M’bela shrugged, blanched as the canopy and the kip’t slid below the waves.  She waited a few moments to watch the ‘faces’ of the air sacs puffing out their accumulated air.  Then she tried to force herself to relax.
“Mostly off-Earth.  The Moon.  Mars.  Moons of Jupiter and other settlements in free space.  My wristpad has all kinds of articles and papers about this.  The main thing is that the Sea People took over the world, in this timeline branch, and the remaining humans were scattered, in desperate poverty, slowly dying off.”
Charley thought of the Blackbeards.  “And trolling seabed ruins for anything useful they could salvage.  They were about to auction us off as slaves.”
M’bela nodded grimly.  “My Cameroonian ancestors knew something about that.”
Charley had a thought.  “Evelyn, with your knowledge of time lines and branches, do you think the outcome of this time line could be altered somewhere further back in its past?”
M’bela shrugged, still warily eyeing the air ‘faces’ blowing out air. Experimentally, she put a hand in front of one, and seemed satisfied it wouldn’t stop anytime soon.
“It probably can but we’d have to be careful.  Time branches continually based on what happens and outcomes aren’t fully predictable.”
Charley agreed, went rummaging in the sacks for anything else they could eat or drink, while up front, Yaktu expertly guided the kip’t toward a field of vortexes he had sounded ahead.
 “I guess we’d have to say this new Farpool works, more or less.  Maybe once we ride it away from Seome, we can come back to this branch and do what we can to prevent this ‘future’ from ever happening.”
“That’s pretty risky, Charley.  You’d run the risk of creating even more branches, if you interfere too much.”
“I think we have to try,” Charley decided.  “If we could do it right, it would mean an end or at least an antidote to the Purple.  An end to other countries trying to take advantage of the plague to dominate the world.  Better cooperation between humans and the Urku Seomish.   If we don’t try this, Humanity doesn’t have much of a future.”
M’bela said, “In this timeline branch, they don’t.”
Yaktu called back from the front of the kip’t.  “Hey, vortexes are picking up.  I’m sounding dozens of them dead ahead.”
“The Farpool must be near,” Charley decided.  “Yak, head right for the center of the vortex field.”
Yaktu steered a twisting, bumpy course through turbulent waters.
“I’m sounding that the vortex ahead at ten degrees off our bow is strongest, Captain.”
Charley said, “That’s where the Farpool will land.  Steer for that one.”

The kip’t closed the distance to the outer vortex fields of the Farpool in nine minutes.
It was Evelyn, slightly green and tight-lipped next to Charley, who noticed the first effects of the huge waterspout and whirlpool.
The time jumper had made many jumps across time streams in her career, but this was different.  Diving into the midst of a ferocious whirlpool was not for the faint of heart.
“Something’s happening—“
Charley patted her on the knee.  “Patience, Ev, patience…this is normal.  Just relax, okay?”
“I don’t know, but it feels like we’re moving sideways.”  M’bela plastered her nose to the porthole, trying to make something out.  “It’s silty out there.  Dark too.  Deeper water.  You feel that?”
A growing force was pushing them sideways in the water.  At the same time, the kip’t picked up a light shuddering vibration, gyrating like a top at the end of a string.
“Yeah…we’re in the vortex fields…that’s what’s happening.”
Evelyn M’bela gripped her seat so hard her knuckles turned white.  “…the water’s all rushing sideways, dirt, pieces of things…I can’t really make it out.”
“Relax…just enjoy the ride.”
The force began to increase, a centrifugal force that soon shoved them to one side of the compartment and pressed them hard against the walls.  Worse, the compartment began a slow roll, a rotation that didn’t remain slow for long, but picked up rate at a steady clip.
Soon, they were spinning enough to become slightly disoriented and dizzy.  
“Now, it’s my stomach…I don’t feel so—“
M’bela’s words were suddenly lost in a bright flash of light, a searing, painfully white strobing light that flooded the compartment and blinded all of them.
“Rudder amidships!” Charley ordered.  Yaktu honked at a small sound-powered control membrane, straining against the centrifugal force.  “Flow vanes to thirty percent!”
The spin kept accelerating and moments later, Evelyn M’bela passed out.
A dozen kilometers to the northwest, early morning risers aboard the Blackbeards’ ship Revenge were treated to an incredible sight at sea, just before dawn.  Backlit with the orange glow of sunrise to the east, a thin ropy waterspout formed several kilometers beyond the horizon, visible for dozens of kilometers in all directions.  As the spout danced and skipped across the waves, a bright pulse of light emerged from the sea and vaulted heavenward along the length of the spout, followed by a series of light pulses, as if the spout were sucking buckets of light right out of the ocean.
The light pulses disappeared into low-hanging clouds and vanished, leaving only a faint iridescent flicker, like a silent lightning discharge.  
Moments later, the waterspout collapsed into the sea and the ocean returned to its restless heaving.  
Unknown to the crew of the Revenge, the crew of the tiny kip’t had just been catapulted into the whirling heart of the wormhole at the very center of the Farpool.  Caught in a roaring, crashing river of infinite eddies and currents of time, they rode the dragon’s tail until Charley saw her display light up green and called bingo.
At her signal, Yaktu slammed the kip’t’s flow vanes out full and punched the ship hard over, right into the faint, barely perceptible fingers of Time Stream T-001.  Like a cocked fist, T-001 grabbed them and yanked them out of the mainstream and into the midst of a million tomorrows.
After that, Charley slumped back in her seat and let the black hole of unconsciousness wash over her, hoping against hope they had entered the right timeline and branch.  M’bela had already warned about how precise the navigation needed to be; too late along the timeline and their target world of Seome wouldn’t even exist anymore.

The kip’t shuddered and hurtled out of the Farpool in a flash of light, a thunderous corkscrew of deceleration, knocking Charley and M’bela hard against the cockpit windows.  Still trapped in the vortex, Yaktu struggled to regain consciousness and, by instinct and training, rammed the ship’s rudder hard over, while firing her jets to counteract the residual force of the spin.  For a moment, they were all pinned sideways against the cockpit, until the force of the jets shot them through the core of the whirlpool and out into calmer waters.
Yaktu breathed hard, wiping his face with his forefins.  He checked the instruments.  
“Sounding smoother water, Captain…rough water but visibility improving.  I can pulse ahead…looks like we made it…somewhere.”
“And some when,” Charley said.  “Ev, can you give me a hack with that little gadget of yours?  Where and when are we?”
M’bela was still groggy but functional.  Her fingers withdrew the portable converger and initialized it.  Her fingers played over the keypad as she aimed the device out the canopy, checking their position and heading.  “Converger say we are where we’re supposed to be…I read us at one twenty degrees west by eighteen degrees north, stable at fifty-two beats keel depth. Convergence angles show we’re in T-001.  Curvature of the timeline seems to show we arrived just a few days after we left…this thing’s not that precise but it looks good from here.”
“That’s good enough for me,” Charley said.  She was about to say more but the kip’t suddenly swerved violently, narrowly missing a pair of kip’ts speeding along in the opposite direction.  Yaktu descended slightly and wiped beads of sweat from his face.  His gills were red from exertion.
“Sorry about that.  I didn’t sound those kip’ts because of the Farpool.  They came out of nowhere.”
“Look!” M’bela cried out, pointing out the top of the canopy.
Above, below and all around them, the seas were thick with kip’ts, sleds, cutters and every imaginable kind of craft, even several pack trains of tillet.
“What’s going on?”
Charley knew.  “The kel’vishtu.  It’s started.  There must be hundreds of craft, all heading to this area.  They detected the Farpool and they’re swarming around here, waiting for it to return.”
“Somebody’s going to get hurt in this chaos.  Look at them…they’re colliding and bumping each other, like Keatonian bulls fighting over scraps.”
Charley knew they didn’t have much time. She pulled out a small signaler.  “First, I’ve got to find the rest of my crew…Perlin, Keenok and Terpyt.  They may still be with the mekli, inside the Pillars.”
After several tries, Charley managed to reach Perlin, the Azhtu’s own navigator.  The crew was indeed still guarding the mekli inside the Pillars.
“Get away from there.”  Charley checked with M’bela, who had indicated they needed to return to Kinlok Island immediately, to use its old observatory and find out how long the sun would last.  “Meet us at the beach on Kinlok.  Any Ponkti around?”
Perlin replied, “No.  They abandoned the Pillars a day ago.  Their own Metah’s calling all Ponkti to come to kel’vishtu.  Captain, they took several seamother calves with them.”
Charley swore.  “We need to bring a calf back with us.  That means we need a transfer pod…ot’lum, I think they’re called.”
“The mekli still have a few near the Hearing Chamber, I think.”
“Good.  Borrow one.  See if you can coax a seamother calf into the pod and tow it to Kinlok.  The mekli can help and they should come as well.  Time’s running out for this world.”
Perlin acknowledged the orders and the signaler went quiet.  
“Yak, steer a course for the beach at Kinlok.  Best speed.”
“Will do, Captain.  But we’ll have to run the gauntlet around all these kip’ts.”  
All around them, the cold ice-flecked waters of the Ponk’el Sea were thick with every kind of craft imaginable, more numerous even than the ice chunks being shed from the drifting bergs topside. 
Yaktu steered the best course he could, finding that sounding and navigating was as much by hope as by control.  Several times, they collided with kip’ts and scraped along the sides of several more.
“They’re frantic to assemble for the next Farpool landing,” Charley told M’bela.  “They’re going to crush themselves in this madness.  Look…they’re already fighting each other for position.”  She pointed ahead, where they all saw a small fleet of sleds engaged in ramming and butting each other like deranged tillet.  “Yaktu, steer clear of that.”
“I am.  Kinlok’s about an hour away…if we live through this.”

They made Kinlok without further incident.  Yaktu beached the little kip’t and Charley and M’bela exited.  Despite the gale force winds, now warming rapidly as the sun steadily swelled in the skies above them, M’bela was grateful to be free of the kip’t’s confines, to breathe almost normal air.
“Come on.  Let’s get up to the hut…before these storms smash it for good.”
They climbed and staggered their way up a rocky incline, sliding and stumbling and sometimes crawling, until they reached the summit and dove headfirst into the relative protection of the little hut.
M’bela searched and rummaged for her instruments until she found what she was looking for.  The Sunwatch resembled a small telescope encircled by ‘ears’ that stuck out.  She found the stand and unfolded it, then mounted the device and snugged the latches down.  “Now…outside.  Hold me steady.”
They went out into the warming, humid, sultry gale.
M’bela staggered in the wind as she planted the instrument in between rocks.  “Hold me steady for a few minutes.” Charley wedged herself against M’bela’s body and did her best.
After a few moments of tuning and adjusting, M’bela muttered quietly.  “I thought so.  Crap…this is bad.  It’s worse than I thought.”
“What is it?  What do you see?”
“Sunwatch’s sensors don’t lie.  All the indications are there: neutrino flux increases, gamma ray increases in every sector, luminosity flares right after the starball impacts, magnetic field lines twisted a certain way….”
“How long do we have?”
M’bela tore her eyes away to rub sand out of them with her fingers.  “I don’t know exactly.  Maybe only a few hours.  That last starball impact started something irreversible…I’ve seen this before.”  She put a hand on Charley’s shoulder to step down from the rocks.  “You’d better get your people going as fast as you can.”
Charley squinted through blowing sand at the beach, seeing a welcome sight as she looked.  The rounded hump of the jumpship Azhtu had surfaced just abeam of their little kip’t and Yaktu was systematically hugging Perlin, Keenok and Terpyt.  A thin line of tow rope bobbed at the surface behind Azhtu.  Charley’s eyes followed the line and saw the transfer pod as it rode up and down in the surf.  The ot’lum thrashed vigorously back and forth, just barely containing the seamother calf she hoped was inside.  
She turned back to M’bela, and helped her fold up the Sunwatch scope.  “Grab what you need.  We’ll get everything we can cram into Azhtu.  While you’re doing that, I’ll check with the crew…and our unwilling passenger.  Our scientists will need that calf to create an antidote to Purple.”  She scrambled hurriedly down the rocky slope and jogged out to the water.

The great emigration, the kel’vishtu, had already begun.
Ak’loosh was near and thousands of Seomish had converged on the Farpool to begin the great exodus.  The Ponkti were keen to make sure they emerged from the Farpool on Earth as the dominant kel.  They had abandoned their occupation of the Pillars and, under the command of their Metah, tried to dominate the exodus.  Charley was glad they had captured one seamother calf; the Ponkti had five.  She thought about their mission orders to prevent the Ponkti from bringing seamothers back, or gathering more mah’jeet.  She and her crew had failed in both and that left a sour taste in her mouth.  But the recriminations would have to wait.  Survival was all that mattered now.

Along with Evelyn M’bela, Perlin, Yaktu, Keenok and Terpyt, the six of them squeezed into jumpship Azhtu and entered the Farpool, in the midst of a ragtag fleet of kip’ts and sleds and other craft, falling into the great vortex in hopes of making it to Urku before the end of the world.
At the very moment Azhtu and its transfer pod had gone spinning into the throat of the Farpool, the fiery red-orange glow of the sun Sigma Albeth B, nearly opaque from view by thickening clouds, fog and spray, detonated in the skies over Seome and the supernova process began.  
Within the mass of Sigma Albeth B, the onion-layered shells of its elements underwent catastrophic fusion, eventually reaching the Chandrasekhar limit of mass and began to collapse.  The inner part of the core was compressed into neutrons, causing the infalling material to bounce and form an outward-propagating shock wave.  The shell started to stall in this collapse but was quickly reinvigorated by neutrino interaction across its interior.  Then, the surrounding material was blasted away in a titanic rebound explosion, as the collapsing envelope of the star was explosively ejected away, sending material out into space in all directions at speeds in excess of 70,000 kilometers a second.  
Every moon and planet in the Sigma Albeth B system (there were twelve in all) was incinerated.  Seome itself was quickly incinerated in an expanding shock front from the detonation.
Seome had once been home to some twenty million inhabitants, a marine civilization tens of thousands of years old.  Millions were still trapped on their world when the fire from the sky came.
Twenty-thousand kelke managed to survive and made the trip through the Farpool.  Urku…Earth…was their destination and their last hope.
Chapter 14

Earth (Urku)
SPACETRAIN Terminal
Guayaquil, Ecuador
November 1, 2195 (Earth Standard)
60.5 Kv (Epoch of Kel’vishtu)

 Outside the SOLNET broadcast center, Luci Byers was appalled at the crush of humanity flooding toward the gates below them, awaiting a ride out to the public farpool barely visible as a thin, twisting rope dancing along the western horizon.  She counted down the last seconds until  time for her next broadcast, then primped her face and hair one last time, as the credits came up on the screen to her left.

Solnet Special Report: “The End of the United Nations”

“This is correspondent Luci Byers reporting from the SPACETRAIN Terminal at Guayaquil, Ecuador.  I’m here in the observation lounge overlooking the dock area, where dozens of transfer pods are coming and going out to the farpool a few kilometers out to sea.  Today, we’re interviewing Dr. Likto klu kel: Om’t, the noted Amphib historian who is under contract to the SPACETRAIN Authority to document what has been often called ‘The Great Exit.’  Dr. Likto, welcome.”
 Likto is an older Amphib, with some age lines around his gills and wrinkle spots on his hands and forefins.  
“Thank you, Luci.  Always a pleasure to be here.”
“Dr. Likto, as we watch the transfer pods heading out to enter the local farpool here, I’m aware that many of our viewers don’t fully understand how these farpools work and how SPACTRAIN manages them.  Could you explain this for our audience?”
“Of course…surely.” Likto points with a forefin out the window and the robocam rotates to give the audience a view of the chaotic scene on the docks below them.  Thousands of people, mostly human and airbreathers, are queued up to board a small convoy of pods along the piers, waiting to take them off into the farpool, which dances along the western horizon like a demented snake.
“SPACETRAIN Authority was formed by the old United Nations organization…of course, this has now been superseded by the Sea Council, as you know—for the purpose of creating and managing several public farpools around the world.  In this endeavor, the Authority has been working closely with Farpool Service, who are the recognized experts in these phenomena.”
“Does Farpool Service actually create these farpools?  And how many are there?”
Likto blinks and smiles, though the effort contorts his face into more of a grimace…something many Amphibs learn early on to avoid.
“It’s a joint effort.  To answer your second question, the eastern Pacific farpool you see here is the only one currently being used to support the Great Exit.  The Authority is currently in the process of building a new terminal and new farpool in the southwest Pacific, in fact, in the Admiralty Islands, off New Ireland.”
Luci quietly tapped a button on her wristpad to re-center the robocam on her.  “But isn’t it true that the farpool only lasts for a few days at a time?”
“Yes, that is true.  The farpools are generated by a singularity engine which is located on an underwater platform below the ‘landing’ site.   Due to quantum effects, so I’m told, each ‘landing,’ as we call them, lasts for about sixty hours, give or take.  Then the vortex at the heart of the farpool begins to disperse and the whole thing becomes unstable.  Once it’s collapsed completely, a new vortex can be generated and maintained.  Each appearance of a farpool is usually called a ‘landing.’”
Luci was trying to do the math in her head.  “Can this process really support the millions of people who want to emigrate?”
“Oh, we think so.  Each landing lasts for two and a half days.  In that time, several hundred pods can enter the farpool.  And the Authority is building several others.”
“Where are they all going, Dr. Likto?”
“Well, we’re documenting transfers to settlements on the Moon, on Mars, on some of the moons of Jupiter and some settlements in free space.  It’s a matter of navigation inside the Farpool.  Once inside, the pod navigation system is programmed to adjust its position to ‘land’ at or near one of these settlements.  Of course, there has to be a terminal at that end too, along with the requisite equipment, to focus and maintain the vortex.”
Luci Byers consulted some notes on her wristpad.  At a subtle gesture, she instructed the robocam to relocate to a higher position, featuring her best side and capturing Likto from over the bony ridges of his shoulders.  The relocation was Production’s idea, sent to her in her earbud.
“Dr. Likto, earlier you alluded to the end of the United Nations organization.”
Likto nodded, staring for a long moment at the steady stream of transfer pods maneuvering away from the docks through a sudden rain shower.
“Yes, this is unfortunately true.  “It’s generally known that the official end of the UN as an entity came when forces from the kel Ponk’et—the Ponkti, as we call them—occupied the UN seabed redoubt Haven One.  Now the UN has been replaced by an expanded Sea Council.  And, despite the efforts of other kels, notably my own kel Omt’or, the Ponkti and their Chinese allies—those that haven’t emigrated—are in the primary positions of power and influence.”
“This became necessary when the New York facility was lost?”
“Yes, exactly.  Rising sea levels and repeated attacks from the Ponkti made staying in New York completely untenable.  That’s why Haven One was built.  Now, even that facility can no longer be used.”
The interview was interrupted for a few moments when, at the suggestion of her producers, Luci invited Likto to tour the rest of the terminal with her, as they continued to talk.  The robocam lifted away from its pedestal and followed like an obedient dog.
They rode a lift down to the departure lounge and Likto remarked that the number of people queued up every day for departure seemed to be increasing.
Luci asked, “Can SPACETRAIN handle this influx of emigrants?”
Likto shook his huge head.  His skin was wet, as was true for most Amphibs, and glistened in the lights of the lounge.  They both tried to ignore the muttered comments and curses that bubbled up from airbreather families waiting their turn.  
“…Amphib scum…”
“…like they own the place, look at ‘em…”
“…hope they all drown…someday we’ll be back…you’ll see….”
Just beyond the scanners and baggage counters, Likto turned back to Luci, an opinion forming on his lips.
“I fear that the future of Urku…that is, Earth—really belongs to the Seomish and their Amphib offspring.  Crowds like this prove it…in fact, I’m writing a paper now on the ethnological makeup of various emigrant communities…it comes out in a few months.”
The two of them discussed the continuing battle between the Ponkti and the other kels of the Sea People, between the Omtorish and the Ponkti/Chinese alliance.
“Dr. Likto, you’re Omtorish by birth, true?”
“Born and bred.  Of course, I went through conicthyosis as a young child…my parents felt being amphib would help us both on land and in the sea, make our way more successfully in both societies.”
“But Dr. Likto, isn’t it true that the Omtorish are still trying to disseminate an antidote to the Purple even as the Ponkti and Chinese work on new strains of Purple resistant to that same antidote?”
Likto nodded and observed that, “Unfortunately, it seems that the ancient conflicts of the humans are being replaced by ancient Seomish conflicts, carried all the way through the original Farpool to Earth.”
Byers heard her producers telling her to wrap up the piece.  She turned to Likto, saying, “It seems we’re just about out of time for this segment, Dr. Likto.  I want to thank you for taking the time to be with us today.”
Likto nodded.  “My pleasure, of course, Luci.  Any time.”
With that, the Amphib historian walked away, skirting the suspicious eyes and sotto voce comments of the crowd in the departure lounge.  He disappeared into a lift, escorted the last few meters by several Security officers, through increasingly hostile crowds.
Luci Byers wrapped up her piece with some closing comments.
“There shouldn’t be any doubt that the Great Exit is now fully underway.  The biggest question is whether SPACETRAIN has the actual transport capacity to carry out the largest emigration in human history.  Other farpools are being built, as we learned from Dr. Likto, but that will take time.  In the meantime, thousands of humans continue to succumb every day to the Purple, even as a global battle rages between those who would extend the Purple plague and those who are trying to stop it.  It’s literally a race between life and death and many of these poor emigrants, leaving behind loved ones they’ve lost, leaving behind their communities, their livelihoods, leaving behind the only world they’ve ever known, can only hope for a better world to come, somewhere out there…beyond the atmosphere, beyond a world that no longer seems to be able to support them.  
“This is Luci Byers, with tonight’s Special Report.  Thanks for being with us and have a pleasant evening.”

End Special Report

With that, Luci gestured for the robocam to power down.  She yanked out her earbud, not bothering to listen to last-minute comments from Production about upcoming edits she needed to attend.
She ignored all of that and barged her way through the long lines of waiting passengers to a corridor outside.  Carving out a little free space next to a row of vending machines, she messaged her husband on her wristpad.
Don, where are you and the kids now?  Meet me in the south terminal, next to The Manta Rey restaurant.  We’ve still got to get tested for Purple.  I’ve got a press pass that should get me inside Ops.  I have a contact with the Director-General’s office that can help us leapfrog all these people.  Ten minutes and not a second later.  The last pods leave in half an hour….
Using her press pass, Luci moved through streams of anxious passengers, like fighting an ocean tide, rode lifts and conveyors, and knocked on doors in several halls.  Finally, she managed to spy a harried black woman with jet black, short, bristly, conical hair and bone and ivory hairpiece at the top.  Her face was long and regal, with high cheeks and fierce warrior eyes.  She was adorned with numerous necklaces, amulets and bracelets.
Refusing to be cornered by a reporter, Evelyn M’bela motioned for Luci to accompany her down the hall.
“Some kind of snafu in south terminal…a fight or something.  I’ve already called Security.  You need a pass, honey?”
Byers reminded M’bela of their earlier agreement.  “My family and I just want to be sure we can make this landing.  The crowds, they’re just becoming insane.”
“Tell me something I don’t know.  You know, I could be fired for what I’m doing, giving you a Director-General pass.”
“I know that, Miss.  My family and I are truly appreciative for all you’ve done.  What’s it like today down there?”
The two of them took a special staff lift down to the south terminal, where a near-riot seemed to be in progress.  Hundreds of people were pushing against a nearly overwhelmed security force.  Prods zapped and people screamed and cursed.
“All I do is scurry around like a rat, one problem to another, trying to make this so-called Great Exit work with a minimum of fuss and hair-pulling.”
They watched as additional Security showed up, prods and pummel sticks flashing, forcibly shoving the crowds away from the gates.
“How do you ever keep all this under control?”
M’bela, eyeing Byers’ press pass.  “Off the record?”
“Sure, off the record.  I’m just a civilian now.”
“Right.  Just my opinion, you understand, but to me, the only real future for airbreathing Humanity seems to be to move as many survivors as possible off Earth, to settlements on the Moon, Mars and in free space.”
“I guess ‘The Great Exit’ is a fitting name for all this.”
“Oh, honey, you don’t know the half of it.  Once that Earthshield project went kablooey…the ship blowing up and all…the Sea Council suddenly found all the money they needed to get going on more farpools.  I mean, you got global warming.  You got sea levels rising.  You got the Purple.  You already know about that one billionaire—I forget his name—who’s building all those ark ships off the coast of Argentina.  They had to get SPACETRAIN up and running as fast as they could.”
“But isn’t the real problem that the farpools are capacity and time-limited?  Only so many people can go through at any given landing.”
“True enough…that’s why the Authority is building more.  The hope is that the millions of surviving humans will be able to evacuate the Earth—just like you’re doing.  Let’s face it: airbreathers like you and me aren’t long for this world.”
Hurrying to the corridor in response to another summons on her own wristpad, M’bela scooted off, Luci hustling to keep up.
Shoving through the onrushing crowds, Luci realized how ironic it was that the Seomish themselves had come to Earth for the very same reason. 
Chapter 15

Earth (Urku)
Peoples Liberation Army/Navy Yulin Base
Hainan Island, China
November 30, 2195 (Earth Standard)
64.8 Kv (Epoch of Kel’vishtu)

President Guang Li Zhong stood alongside the dock inside the Yulin Naval Base’s underground submarine bunker and watched the Sea Peoples’ small submersible surface and maneuver toward the pier.  Guang was flanked by most of the State Council from Beijing and fully aware that the predators and vultures among them were watching him closely for any signs of weakness.  
Guang had never been to this particular facility at Yulin, part underwater, part above water, where he anticipated meeting the Metah of the Urku Ponkti Potereenah kim and conducting talks on their mutual interests and the future of the Purple campaign.  
It’s very much like an aquarium, he realized as staff members showed Guang the schematics of a large conference room inside the compound, lined with transparent windows opening onto an elaborate, even theatrical, underwater stage setting.  
The kip’t scraped softly against the wharf piling and moments later, the top hatch opened.  Guang had spent only a little time with the Sea People before…Dr. Lihua Guo Feng from the National Academy insisted that these visitors were known as Ponkti…a faction or tribe of the greater family that had somehow emigrated to Earth through the Farpool gateway.  Three individuals emerged, clad in their armored mobilitor suits and they clambered awkwardly up the platform ladder to the dock.
Their voices came through the translator as scratchy, high-pitched, nasal and whiny.  One called himself Telpoteen tu kel: Ponk’et.
Guang soon realized that the smallest alien was female—one Potereenah kim kel: Ponk’et—and she was called Metah.  A sort of President of this particular tribe.  
The third Ponkti was male and Guang would eventually learn that his name was Komik ka.
Guang bowed faintly and ushered the three Ponkti into the conference room that had been created from a nearby machine shop.  The Ponkti scuffled and shuffled in their heavy suits.  As Potereenah passed by, Guang caught a brief glimpse of her face inside the helmet.  It sent a chill down his back.
They really were fish-like in appearance, with beaks and fins and tail flukes.  Only the mobilitors allowed them to survive out of water.
Guang thought briefly of his now-deceased father, who had long been a commercial fisherman out of Tianjin…what would his esteemed father have thought of all this?  Negotiating important treaties with talking fish?  No doubt the elder Guang would have had his nets and hooks at the ready.
Inside the conference room, the three Ponkti were ushered through a red lacquered door into a lockout chamber.  The door was shut.  Moments later, the three Ponkti emerged into the water of the huge aquarium, without their mobilitors.  They cruised about the tank with deliberate care, as if inspecting the arrangements.
An elaborate podium had been erected for Guang in front of the transparent windows.  He placed his notes and a briefing book, handed to him by Lihua, the biowar specialist, on the podium, next to a small, fist-shaped device, which crackled with sounds from inside the tank.
Lihua explained, “The Ponkti can communicate with us through this device.  It’s called an echopod.  It translates their squeaks and whistles into our language and vice versa.”
The negotiations were slow and somewhat arduous.  Translation was slow and the Ponkti were uninterested in the documentation that had been set before them.
“Shkreeah…we pulse and read in this way,” Telpoteen had said.  “Kah, your sounds…your scents…this tells us what we must know.”
Lihua explained to Guang and the State Council that the Sea People had never developed writing as this was normally understood.  “It’s all acoustic, sir…communication by sounds.  We’ve determined they have an echo-locating and ranging system.  We think they can send sound signals, sort of like sonar, and read the echoes.  Even out of water, we think they can do this.”
Lihua’s explanation gave Guang pause.  The thought that these armored fish might be able to see the poached eggs and noodles he had eaten for breakfast that morning was a bit unnerving.  Guang pushed his papers aside.  
“Very well…I’ll summarize our position this way.  China wants to eventually have full sovereignty over all the Earth’s land areas.  We’ve inoculated all of our people with vaccines against the Purple.  If this vaccine works as we think it does, we can send teams of our people to every major city and work to make amends for the centuries of humiliation we have suffered at the hands of the West.  We can re-create the glory that was Imperial China once more.  Perhaps even begin anew the travels of our great Admiral Zheng He.”
Now Potereenah spoke.  Her voice was softer than Telpoteen, mediated as it was through the echopod translator, but Guang detected an undercurrent of steel there.
“It is so with Ponkti….kkzzhhh…on Seome, even on this world Urku, Ponkti…zzhhzzhh…treated we are as poorly.  Ponkti wish only to control their own fate….”
Guang now checked with Lihua on the results of the K’orpuh expedition to old Seome.  “I understand that you have come back with means to enhance the effectiveness of the Purple and with more antidote.  I would like to have my scientists study this.  Can you make samples available?”
Guang watched as all three Ponkti roamed about their tank in ceaseless motion.  Lihua had warned him of this.  They like to roam constantly, sir.  They aren’t accustomed to sitting still around a table.  It’s not their way.
Potereenah’s scratchy voice came through the echopod, though the Metah never stopped moving about the tank.
“Shhkkrreeah…Ponkti agree with proposal…but we will occupy all the seas…zzzhhhh…of the Urku.”
Guang was pleased.  “Excellent.  We see eye to, er, eye, I believe.  The Han Chinese and the Ponkti will divide the world between us.  We must, of course, let the Purple run its natural course.  Already, Lihua here and the specialists at our Academy of Military Medical Sciences have been working to enhance the bacteriomech’s capabilities, its ability to replicate, its programmability, its defensive mechanisms.  The West has good scientists too.  They come up with new Purple countermeasures almost every week…we have to work hard to stay ahead of them.  Now, with the new toxins you’ve brought back, we can make Purple even more effective.”
Potereenah suddenly stopped at the window and floated for a few moments, studying the strange creatures on the other side.  Guang shuddered in spite of himself, when he realized she was studying him, as a predator would study its prey before striking.
“Kkzzzqqllqq…Ponk’et struggles against other kels…we have zzzsshhh learned some of your weapons.  QQllkk…you have tor’pedoh, is this not true?”
Not fully understanding, Guang turned to his Minister of Defense, Li Kejiang.  “Minister, what is she talking about?”
Li hastily consulted his own notes.  When the Zongtong asked a question, he knew an answer had better be forthcoming.  “Sir, we believe they refer to our naval torpedoes.”
As if to make the same point, Potereenah uttered a series of screeches into her own echopod.  The output startled the Chinese delegation.
“You call this a tor’pedoh,” she announced.  “We understand the Tailless use it to attack and destroy surface vessels…very powerful.  We have learned of these weapons.”
Guang stuttered, somewhat wary of just how much these talking fish really knew of Chinese weapons.  He glared at Li, then at Lihua.  This is a serious failure of our intelligence.  
“Kkzzsshh…one of the Tailless engineers recorded a description…it is translated.  Listen—“  Telpoteen produced a small echopod and activated it, setting it down on the coral pedestal that dominated the Metah’s chambers.  Outside, on Guang’s podium, his own pod buzzed and fizzed, then:
“All of the Yu-9 models share standardized dimensions with all our torpedoes designed for use by submarines, They measure 53.3 centimeters in diameter, 7.16 meters in length, and carry  a warhead of 280 kilograms. All are powered by 75- kilowatt electric motors and lead-acid batteries which, unfortunately need constant maintenance to maintain their reliability. Additionally, the batteries of these torpedoes need to be preheated to a temperature of 30 °C to operate with maximum speed and range…”
The translation went on for a few moments.  Potereenah cruised silently about her chambers, listening, thinking.
“Kkllqq…this is called a tor’pedoh?”
Guang answered, “That is our word, yes.  How did—” but he thought better of his question.  “When the tor’pedoh is used, it contacts the target and explodes.  The craft sinks and many die.  But this weapon requires certain technology to be used.”
Telpoteen immediately grasped the possibilities.  “It could be a new play toy for you, Affectionate Metah.”
Potereenah scoffed at that.  “You mean aside from you.  Yes, and this toy doesn’t talk back to me and make critical remarks…already I like it better.  We must put our engineers to work and learn how to make this tor’pedoh weapon.”
“I pulse you have plans…big plans for this.”
Potereenah stopped roaming and came directly in front of Telpoteen.  The humans on the other side of the window watched in fascination, not fully understanding what was being said among the Ponkti. 
“When we return to Ponkel’te, I intend to summon the Chief of the Guard.  I have more than plans, Telpoteen.  I’m going to finish the Omtorish off once and for all.”
“Another demonstration of your nearly infinite powers and infallible judgment, Affectionate Metah?”
She speared him roughly with her beak, then flippered off to roam again.  “Don’t patronize me, tukmaster.  You remember what happened the last time you did that.  I could have had you killed.”
Telpoteen was used to the Metah’s outbursts.  And he did remember, all too well.  
Potereenah was happiest when dealing with a crisis.  Relating to, loving and dealing with Potereenah was like trying to grab a hold of the tail of the snake-like kor’puh.  It stung and shocked, but the ride was worth the effort.
Guang now asked a new question.  “Forgive me, Metah, but why do you need a torpedo?  Lihua here and my Intelligence people have told me of the continuing conflict between your tribes.  Do the Ponkti need our help in snuffing out resistance to the new order?”  He waited for the translation to be finished and noticed that Potereenah had resumed her restless roaming about the tank.
At length, she answered, from somewhere in the back of the tank.
“Shhkkrreah…Ponk’et can handle this problem. Our conflicts are ancient disputes…zzhhsshh…we bring them from Seome in the kel’vishtu.  Use enhanced Purple to eliminate…qqkkllqq…last of the Tailless.”
Guang listened carefully, trying to make sense of this powerful female.  Talking fish or not, she was the undisputed leader of her tribe.  And it was clear the Ponkti had their own weapons, weapons which even Defense Minister Li had said would be helpful in the arsenal of the People’s Liberation Army…weapons like their prods, their suppressors, their sound grenades, and especially the huge serpent-beasts they used like living tanks.
“Metah, all our people—all Han Chinese—have been inoculated with the antidotes the K’orpuh crew brought back.  The stronger strain we are developing won’t affect our people.  It’s only a matter of time before the Purple wipes out most of humanity.  Those left are emigrating even now.  Soon, Earth’s land areas, her cities and farms will be available for us to occupy.”  He glanced over at Minister Li, who nodded vigorously, knowing what the Zongtong was about to ask.
“Metah, perhaps in exchange for our tor’pedoh weapon, we could agree to an exchange.  Our tor’pedohs for your sound weapons and your prods.  My military people would especially like to learn how to breed and train your serpents—seamothers, I believe they’re called—for use on land, to give us an edge in the final battles to come.”
Potereenah cruised vigorously about the tank, then she said, “ZZhhqqllkk…your idea to our Kel’em will be put…to cooperate is good.  I must say—” she stopped, seeming to converse with the Telpoteen, who roamed alongside her, “—that even now, a large Ponkti force is closing on zzzhhh Keenomsh’pont…we have send—how said?—an ultimatum to the Omtorish.  To their Metah Orkinah.  We require surrender.  Accept Ponkti control of all waters of Urku.  Or be destroyed in ak’loosh.”
Guang was impressed.  Clearly this Potereenah was not one to debate when action was required.  He turned to Lihua.  “We can work with this female.”
But Potereenah wasn’t finished.  She shot out from behind the small coral-like pedestal and halted directly in front of Guang and his podium.  Even behind the thick window, her face showed something Guang figured was determination…resolve…even courage.  It was imperative that Purple complete its job soon for Guang was sure that the environmental effects of the plague were already becoming severe, even across China.  Already there had been flooding and severe storms along southern Hainan and Guangxi and Fujian provinces.  And the earthquakes…Xiamen had suffered extensive damage already.  Guang knew that cooperation with the Ponkti was essential, if China was to inherit something other than a flooded and ruined landscape. He muttered to Lihua and Li, “Our joint efforts have to succeed. “ 
The Metah went on.  “Shkkrreeah…the outcome is not in doubt…the currents flow smoothly for all of us…the way will be clear for the Ponkti to assume control over all tu’kelke and peoples.  Urku Seomish will become Ponkti in all but name”
Even with the echopod translation, there was no mistaking the undercurrent of menace in Potereenah’s words.
Guang blinked and decided to forego the final points he had listed in his briefing papers.  It was clear that, like the People’s Republic, the Metah of kel Ponk’et had an iron will and tenacious resolve to right what she perceived as historic wrongs and exert her control over all the oceans of Earth.
Guang swallowed hard in spite of himself.  He could only hope that her efforts would stop at the beaches.  

SPACETRAIN Terminal
Guayaquil, Ecuador
December 1, 2195
66.2 Epoch of Kel’vishtu

Charley Meyer had finally caught up with her boyfriend, the human airbreather Reynaldo Diaz outside the SPACETRAIN Terminal’s food court.  A broad floating 3-d sign overhead announced Comida Rapida as she hustled along between stalls and counters and then she saw him ahead, ordering a plate of empanadas and beer at one of the kiosks.
They stared open-mouthed at each other for a long, uncertain moment, then fell into each other’s arms in a crushing embrace.
“What the hell are you doing here?” she asked.  She kissed him hard.  “Making trouble as usual?”
He kissed her back, held her bony head in his arms.  She really did look like a frog but the eyes were pure gold.  “I could ask you the same question.”
They rubbed each other’s shoulders.  “I’m assigned here, you Tailless beefjerk.  Detailed from Farpool Service for tech support to SPACETRAIN Authority.”
“Hey, my fussy little froghead…always got to be right in the middle of things, huh?”
They unclasped and she held him at arm’s length.  “You planning on leaving…or what?”
He didn’t answer the question, but said, “Come on.  Let’s walk.  Down to the promenade.  You can get me up to date…when did you get back from all your adventures, anyway?”
They left the terminal arm in arm and descended steps to the Paseo de SPACETRAIN, the oceanside promenade.  They strolled through arcades, curio shops, kiosks, galleries, empanada stands and mercados, pushing through crowds, oohing and aahing with the throngs of observers at the landings of the Farpool offshore.
Charley explained.  “It’s quantum effects, see?  Each Farpool landing lasts a few days at most, until it becomes unstable and dissipates.  But the generator on the seabed can reset things and create another one in a day or so.  Farpool Service is helping SPACETRAIN make it more stable.”  
They grabbed a few tacos and sat on a bench to await the next landing.  
“How do you know when they come?”
Charley giggled.  “Check your tide tables, dope.  It should be in there.”
Reynaldo consulted his wristpad, pecked at the keys and read the results.  “Says 1725 hours…must be today.  That’s only a few minutes from now.”
“So how come you’re at SPACETRAIN?  The team trade you or something?”
Reynaldo put a finger to her mouth.  “Shhh.  Later.  I want to watch this….”
Along with hundreds of onlookers, Reynaldo and Charley sat munching their tacos while several kilometers offshore, the ocean began heaving, fetching up in stiff winds.  Whitecaps crashed in long ranks, as the sea stirred and began a broad swirling motion, the central vortex deepening and rising in a rotating column over many minutes.  Soon, a twisting rope of water began lifting away from the surface, corkscrewing in the air, like a snake dancing across the horizon.  Clouds formed, backlit from behind with an orange glow as veins of lightning arced across the sky.
“My God, look at all those boats!”
Charley had seen that too.  “They’re insane.  There’s no way any of those boats can survive inside the Farpool.  Ecuadorean Navy should be out here, keeping them away.”
“They’re desperate,” Rey concluded, finishing off his last taco.  “Desperate to get away.”
More lightning, like a tropical thunderstorm, but this was no ordinary storm.  Breezes became stiff gusts, then sustained blows as food wrappers and half-eaten hornados and plantains skittered across the promenade.
In minutes, the ropy waterspout had fully formed and now reached down into the sea itself.  Iridescent lights flickered and popped inside the spout. At the surface, waves had become a furious spinning vortex, half hidden in spray and fog.
A horn sounded from somewhere behind them.  Warbling with three short blasts, Reynaldo jumped and looked around for the emergency, only to find Charley’s face grinning and laughing at him.
“Get a hold of yourself, okay?  That’s the SPACETRAIN siren, Rey.  Relax.  It just means it’s now okay for the transfer pods to approach the wormhole out there.”  Charley’s face turned somber.  “But most of ‘em won’t make it.  They’ll be destroyed in the vortex.  The Navy should be out there.  The Ecuadoreans should do a better job with security.”
They were quiet for a few more minutes, then Reynaldo got up suddenly.  “My hotel’s just a few blocks from here.  Villa Florida, other side of Calle Vortice.  Want to get comfortable?”
She said nothing but got up and kissed him.  “Lead on, oh great sports legend.”
They climbed up steps, past La Rotonda and the Moorish Tower, passed a block of bodegas thick with pedestrians and wound through an alley and a parking lot filled with jetboards to the hotel.  It was small, even quaint, with wrought-iron balconies and elaborate pediments over beveled windows.
In the room, both stripped off their clothes without saying a word and wound up in bed at the same moment, quickly kissing and writhing in unison.  Sex between Amphibs and humans was ever a challenge but Charley and Reynaldo had long ago figured out the best moves and what pleasured each other.  It was furious at first, then languid and delicious and even breathtaking at the end. 
Hours later, spent and drowsy, they lay entwined together, legs over stomachs, rubbing faces and necks, occasionally necking and kissing softly.  
Charley murmured into the black fuzz of his chest hair.  “You never did answer my question, Rey.”
“Mmm.  Which question was that again?”
“What you’re doing here at SPACETRAIN Ecuador.”
Reynaldo sat up abruptly, gently pushing her away.  “You hungry?  This place has killer room service.”  He snapped a finger and a screen on the wall came alive, complete with menus and prices.  “How ‘bout some ceviche?  This place has the best fish stew.”
Charley wasn’t hungry but relented, figuring the best way to a washed-up megaballer’s heart was through his nearly bottomless stomach.  “Yeah, well…let’s see….”  She sat up, draped in sheets and studied the menu.  “Maybe some of that locro.  Sounds about right for me.”
They more or less got dressed before the robowaiters showed up with the cart, then sat together on the side of a four-poster bed smacking their way through the meal.  From time to time, Charley stole sideways glances at him, wondering why he was avoiding the obvious question, afraid she might already know the answer and even more afraid to find out.
Between bites and slurps, the conversation spun around the issue like the Farpool vortex five kilometers offshore.
Reynaldo was clearly in a reminiscing kind of mood.  “Remember when we first met.”
Charley decided it was best to humor him.  Maybe she could somehow steer the conversation back to what was really important.
“Yeah.  ‘Ice Age Excursions.’  I can still see the brochures….’Adventure of a lifetime…50,000 BC…live with hominids…hunt mastodon like a true warrior….’  I thought you were so stuck up, trying to impress everybody.”
Rey laughed, softened a bit.  Charley congratulated herself on scoring that point.  “I was having a good time.  See there was this girl…she was amphib, but I didn’t care.  I wanted to show her what a man could do.”
“Oh, yeah, right.  A man from the 22nd century.  Lost in time with the rest of us…couldn’t even handle the spear right, if I remember correctly.”
“Hey, that thing was heavy.  It wasn’t even properly balanced.  If you’re gonna run time travel vacations, you ought to at least get the details right.”
“You nearly put out my eyes with that spear.”
Rey squeezed her hand.  “I got your attention, didn’t I?  I didn’t care about the damned mastodon.  Let the hominids do that.  I was after bigger game.”
They suddenly looked at each other like it was the first time they had ever met.  Charley spoke first.
“So what’s with the league?  There’s no megaball teams down here.”
Rey turned away, idly stirred his ceviche with a spoon.  “The league’s folded.  It’s the Purple.  A lot of players died.  Coaches too.  Thousands of fans.  You know how it’s been.  Stadiums are flooded in seawater in half the cities…New York, Tokyo, even my old team Baltimore.”
“You’re not down here scouting recruits, are you?”  It wasn’t a question.
Rey stared at the remaining shrimp caught in his idle ladling.  “I’ve been accepted as a health and fitness tech.  I got me a new job, whole new career.”
“Not in Guayaquil, I’m guessing.”
“Mars,” he said matter-of-factly.  “Mariner City.  I’ve even got feelers out about starting up a whole new megaball league.  Can you believe that?  Megaball on Mars…one-third gravity, cold as hell, pink skies.  It’ll be great.”
Charley forced herself to say what she had dreaded saying.  “You’re emigrating, aren’t you?  Leaving Earth.”
He nodded, glumly, then with forced determination, head and chin up and those fierce brown eyes that Charley had long dreamed of swimming in.  
“I leave in two days.  Orientation tomorrow.  Final tests.  Shots and vaccines.  They want to make sure I’m not carrying Purple off-world.  You know how it is.”
“Sure.  Rey…Rey, why?  Just tell me that, okay?”
Reynaldo got up abruptly, nearly overturning the cart.  His robe slipped momentarily, revealing still-hard muscles, lean powerful legs, that same strong back that sometimes lifted her up like a tiny gymnast-frog and twirled her around.  
“I’m not getting any younger.  I mean…look at me.  After this—“he tapped at his right knee….oh, right, she thought…that, the injury that had ended his career as a midfielder.  “…what can I do?  I coach, I scout and recruit.  But the league’s gone, Charley.  The sport’s gone, kaput.  There’s nothing here for me now.”
That hurt but Charley put up a brave face.  “What about family?”
Rey sniffed.  Picked at his leftovers with a knife.  “My mom died of cancer…you know that.  Medbots couldn’t save her.  What was that…five years ago.  My Dad…well, that was Purple.  My brother and sister…Frederico and Miriam…I haven’t heard from them in years.  Charley, there’s nothing for me here anymore.”
Now, she just had to say it.  “What about me, Rey?  I’m here.”
He turned, almost startled at seeing her, like he was seeing her for the first time.  “Yeah, about that.  I’ve been thinking…I mean, why don’t you apply yourself to come with me?”
Charley pushed the cart back and sat up in bed, snugging the covers up to her chin.  She just glared at him.  “My life is here.  Farpool Service assigned me to SPACTRAIN.  You know how it is…I go where they tell me.”
“Even on wild-ass trips to distant planets hundreds of years in the past?”
“That’s not fair.  It was a mission.  We did what we were supposed to do.”
“Weren’t you supposed to come back with an antidote to the Purple?”
“We did, beefjerk, but it’s not that simple.”  Immediately, she wished she hadn’t said that.  Talking to Reynaldo had suddenly become like navigating the Farpool.  “Anyway, I’m amphib, in case you hadn’t noticed.  Amphibs aren’t very high on the emigration lists.  The ‘Great Exit’s’ all about getting humans off-Earth.”
“You’d do well on Mars.  I know you would.”
Charley couldn’t believe what she was hearing.  “Rey, you dope, there’s no oceans on Mars.  What does Mars need with amphibs?”
A cock-eyed smile came to his mouth.  “There might be oceans someday.  GreenMars is talking about diverting a few comets.  You could be in on the ground floor of something big…you and me.”
Charley hated how Rey always turned these questions around to make them about her.  This wasn’t the recipe she’d imagined.    
“I’m an Urku girl…as the Sea People like to say.  This is home.  Kel Omt’or is my home.  Keenomsh’pont…Muir City…okay, so I’m a Farpool jolt but my place is here.  Since you brought it up, why don’t you do amphib?  You know, go through conicthyosis.  Be like me.  Rey, just tell me this: why the hell are you doing this?  What about us?  You told me you wanted a family someday.”
Reynaldo knew he didn’t have any easy answers.  Or really, truth be told, any answers at all.  Just feelings.  
“I don’t know, froggy.  Most of my family and friends have succumbed to the Purple.  I got nothing—I’m not talking about you—tying me to Earth.  I mean, look what’s happening.  The Sea People…your people…are taking over.  Them and the Chinese will be in charge.”
Charley got out of bed and came over to place her arms and forefins around Rey’s neck.  She drew him closer.
“You could go through the procedure…it takes a few weeks.  You did more than that rehabbing your stupid knee…I’m sorry, I didn’t mean it that way.  But you can be as amphib as me.  You’d be perfect for it.  We could live in our own place, underwater, some tropical lagoon somewhere.  I hear that SPACETRAIN II at New Ireland is quite nice.  And we could go up on land when we needed to.”
Rey smiled, but it wasn’t the kind of smile she wanted…or expected.  More of an empty, humoring kid of smile.  There seemed to be no more words that could be said.
Reynaldo wouldn’t commit either way.  “I’ve got to be at the induction center tomorrow.  Eight a.m.   Maybe we should—”
But they fell into bed again, a mutually acceptable substitute for words that weren’t there and made short, fitful love once more.  Afterwards, they watched vids, listened to music from their wristpads, avoided any more questions and remained otherwise quiet and pensive the rest of the evening, feeling the relationship had come to a watershed moment.
The next morning, Charley took a quick bite of a room service breakfast—she liked the plantains—and announced she was going for a walk—alone—along the Paseo de SPACETRAIN, the oceanside promenade that had once been known as the Malecon.  “Just to clear my head.  Let’s have brunch when I get back…I know a good place.”
But when Charley returned an hour later, Reynaldo was gone, nowhere to be seen.  His stuff was still in the room.  
Charley knew he had headed down to the SPACETRAIN terminal.  Probably that induction process.  He was due to depart the next day.
She decided to follow him.
Chapter 16

SPACETRAIN Terminal
Guayaquil, Ecuador
December 2, 2195
66.4 Epoch of Kel’vishtu

The crowds at Gateway Station inside the Terminal departure area were fierce, thick and almost frantic, like a thing alive.  Somehow, with her badge and Farpool Service uniform and some determined pushing and shoving, Charley Meyer managed to insinuate herself into the midst of the throng now assembling for transfer pod assignments.  
She was looking for Reynaldo, probably a hopeless task, but she didn’t care.  It was like some kind of primary drive that moved her on, from one line to another, one lounge to another, one vestibule and restaurant and gift shop to another, all the while snaking and burrowing through ever-growing hordes meandering about the Terminal.
Pausing for a quick drink from a stand inside the Comida Rapida, she found herself standing in a long pre-departure queue alongside an English lady, all sunburned cheeks and glued-down auburn hair.  
Her name was Greta Cantwell.  She had two toddlers in tow as well.  Charley learned their names were Colin and Sarah.  They had jetted in from a place called Burton-on-Trent, Staffordshire, England. 
Greta wouldn’t stop talking.
“…so my man Liam got the Purple, see…right there in the brewery.  It was terrible—”
Charley tried to be polite and pay some attention to this chatterbox but she was searching for a face or a head she recognized in the crowd.
“Yes, ma’am.”
“Near on to a year ago…came on so fast, they couldn’t believe it…he just disappeared—”
Little Colin interrupted, tugging on his Mom’s pants.  “Pop-Pop turned into ashes.”
Charley looked down in a pair of big blue eyes.
Sarah chimed in, tugging on Greta’s arm.  “I cried.”
“That’s terrible.  At least, you didn’t catch it.”
Greta shook her head vigorously.  “No, ma’am…we got out of Burton that night.  Right up to some family in Scotland.  Got me a housekeeping job in Inverness.  Hotel called Culloden House.  Nice place too, but there weren’t no tourists by then.  They let us live in a one-room shed out back…tool shed we re-did.”
Sarah made a face.  “And the loo…it was in the back, in the woods.”
“How’d you come to be here, at SPACETRAIN?” Charley was just trying to be polite, paying the poor woman and her kids as much attention as she could spare, while she surveyed the crowd.
“We saw it on the telly!” cried Colin.
“We did,” Greta confirmed.  “Took all my savings and bought a vactrain ticket for the three of us.  They was talking about ‘The Great Exit’ and all.  Vactrain from Edinburgh to Mexico City, then lifter to here.  We just went through our screening.”
Colin’s face was a pout.  “I got a shot.  It hurt.”  He rolled up a sleeve to show the injection site, where a faint rash had formed.
Greta chatted on.  “So we’re off to Sunnymede.  Nice new terreta…it’s around Jupiter somewhere.  Got me a custodial job there…not much to start with, but the pay’s decent and you can move up quick—"
Then Charley turned, saw a head she thought she recognized.
“I’m sorry, ma’am.  Glad you’re all okay.  Good luck to all of you.”  She left the Cantwells and barged her way roughly through long lines.
It was Reynaldo.  He whirled as she tapped his shoulder.
They stared at each other for a long moment.
Charley just shook her head sadly.  “What, you don’t even bother saying good-bye any more?”
Reynaldo’s face flushed.  “I thought it would be better this way.  Lo siento.  I’m sorry.”
In spite of the awkwardness, they embraced and kissed hard.  Others in line backed away, a few others warily slipped ahead of them to fill in the gap.  Reynaldo did nothing about the line breakers.
His brown eyes bored in on hers.  Holding her by the shoulders, his face meant business…serious business.  
“Charley…froggy…listen to me.  I—”
Charley started to say something but he put a finger to her lips.
“Just listen, okay?  I want you to apply to get on the list.  Come with me…the offices are just up that hall there.  I can get you in at Mariner City as a Tech 1 or 2, there are openings.  You’d be perfect…we’d be perfect.”
His eyes grabbed her and wouldn’t let go, so she averted her own and twisted out of his grasp.  Not sure what to do with her own arms, she wrapped them around her shoulders.
“Rey…Rey…I can’t.  I just can’t.  My loyalties are with Omt’or.  That’s where I came from.  You know the Ponkti and their allies are forming a large attack force.  It’s just a matter of time.  A big battle is coming…Keenomsh’pont, Muir City, they’re all in the crosshairs of the Ponkti.  They need me.”
Reynaldo parked his hands on his hips, moved slightly as the line slowly advanced toward the departure gate.  “I need you, you stupid frogface.  Don’t you get it?  We can have a life together, a better life—” but somehow, deep down inside, he knew it was hopeless.  Maybe love was like that.  His own father Oswaldo had once said that.  Like a wave at sea.  It comes in and it goes out.  Las olas no esperan…waves don’t wait for anybody.
Finally, resigned, he said, “I guess I’m not getting through to you, am I?  I’m not getting inside that big thick head of yours.”
Charley felt each of his words sting like a hornet, burning a hole in her heart.  “Rey, listen to me.  There are bigger things, bigger than each of us.  We can’t let the Ponkti…or the Chinese, completely take over.  There’s still a future here…I’ve seen it.”  She didn’t tell him about the devastated future she’d briefly seen on the little test jump into the Farpool from old Seome…the lands flooded and forgotten, pirates ruling the seas, the oceans thick with Amphibs and Seomish freaks and half-breeds.  Maybe it was a different time line, a different branch.  Evelyn M’bela had thought so.  But still—she wanted no part of that future.
“Maybe I can join you later,” she offered, though both of them thought sounded pretty lame.  
Reynaldo’s face spoke volumes.  He wasn’t happy, in fact, he was crestfallen.  Disheartened.  Somehow, she was glad to see that, glad it was obvious that he still cared.  
“Then I guess I have to admit defeat,” Reynaldo said.  “I can see it in your face, the way you stand there.  Deep down inside, I know it.  Your real loyalty is to the sea…to your…what do they call it?”
“Kelke,” she informed him.  “It Seomish…means the folks…the people.  In my case, the kel Omt’or.  My whole family’s Omtorish…or has connections to the Omtorish.  All the way back to my granddad Chase and grandmom Angie.”  She implored him to understand with her eyes, which bore in on his.  “Somehow, some way, they have to survive.  I’ve got to help them survive.  My family wouldn’t expect any less.”
For a few moments, time seemed to stop and all the hundreds of people around in the departure queue vanished.  It was only them.  Reynaldo Diaz and Charley Meyer were the entire world, the whole universe and nothing else mattered.  Not even the line jumpers passing by, grumbling and muttering at them.
No further words were spoken.  Just a kiss, light, a glancing brush, really, their lips tangential to each other, like a sideswipe on the highway.
Then Reynaldo headed up toward the gate, closing up the gap.  
Charley watched him disappear through the door and down the podway.
Minutes later, pressed against the picture window by the ever-present crush of people, she watched his transfer pod back away and speed off through rough surf toward the just-forming Farpool kilometers out to sea.
The pod joined dozens, then scores of others, along with smaller craft—the Ecuadorean navy still couldn’t keep the desperate and the suicidal away from the vortex fields—and soon became only a dot.  A period at the end of a lifelong sentence.  
She watched the dots falling into the waves and whitecaps and rolling, boiling surf of the towering waterspout that was the Farpool.  One after another, they vanished, in space and time and were carried aloft into the heart of the wormhole, off to places and times God alone knew where.  
It’s a simple matter of navigation, she heard herself saying to no one in particular.  Behind her there was great cheering at the spectacle, bands played and loud music washed over her and there was much merriment and festivity.  
Just simple navigation, like she’d learned at the Farpool Academy as a 2nd level jolt.   Put your flow vanes out here, roll this way and that, and you’re off to distant time streams, yanked into the midst of a million tomorrows, or a million yesterdays, depending.
But Charley didn’t feel particularly festive.  Crap on this.  
Her eyes caught the tail end of a Solnet report on a nearby monitor.  Someone had 3-d’ed it and the whole interview blossomed into life over everyone’s head, as if the reporter and subject were hovering in the air….

Solnet Reporter Jennifer Clement reports on the recent street rallies at Hibernia Station:

“Viewing the dronecam footage of the disturbances several days ago, this reporter was honestly surprised at the depth of feeling about Purple immigrants coming to the Belt and the Outer Ring project and possibly losing much of Jupiter to this development.   After a brief facechat conversation with one family living in a mining community at 216 Kleopatra, this reporter paid a visit to a miners’ town called Ironton there, a place buried a half a kilometer below the iron surface of this M-type asteroid.  I caught up with this family, the Kellehers, all gathered together in the midst of a huge rally in the cafeteria of Ironton.”
Dronecam footage shows a large assembly of people crammed into the cafeteria.  Signs and placards wave over heads: “SPACE IS THE PLACE!”  “WE ARE NOT RATS!”  “KLEOPATRA SUCKS!”  “NO MORE PURPLEHEADS!”  Clement talks into her wristpad, commanding the dronecam closer, hovering barely over their heads.  Hands and fists pump the air to a rhythmic beat.   A speaker on the podium yells epithets at the crowd. On orders, the dronecam zeroes in on the Kelleher family, in the center of the mass of people.
“Mr. Kelleher…Mr. Kelleher!  If you please--!”
Clint Kelleher squeezes through the throng, dragging a wife and several kids, all wearing placards showing Jupiter spinning off gas like a ball of yarn.
“Mr. Kelleher…excuse me…oof!” Clements gets an errant elbow in the ribs.  “Oh, I’m sorry, excuse me….”
“Sure, sweetie…we met last night…what can I do for you?”
“Mr. Kelleher—” to the dronecam, Clement gives voice commands tight on me, wider angle, subject to my left and blur the background  “—Mr. Kelleher, sir, what’s this big rally all about?”
Kelleher is a big-boned, rough-hewn man, a shock of greasy black hair on top, but with a pasty white face, like most people of Ironton.  
“Well, dear, it’s like this: we call these rallies New Life Rallies.  This one’s number ten.”
“New Life…what exactly does that mean?”
Kelleher shakes his head, chuckling.  His eyes are weak.  “Look around, missy.  What do you see?”
Clement takes the bait.  “I see a lot of angry people.  Is this about Earth immigrants coming to the Outer Ring?”
“Damn straight!  You see angry people ‘cause we here in Ironton are angry.  We live like rats, digging iron for the Company down here.  Man ain’t meant to poke around in tunnels like this, live underground in the dark and cold.”
Another face intrudes on the scene, a young woman with long red hair, shoving her way into the picture.  Clement quickly orders the dronecam to focus on her.
“Those friggin’ assholes out there trying to crowd us out with Purpleheads…makes me puke!  Let ‘em come to Ironton and look around.  Just use your eyes, assholes!”
“And your nose too!” comes a loud voice from nearby.
Kelleher acknowledges the bitterness around them.  “Yeah, it’s true.  We don’t exactly smell like the Queen’s robes down here, do we?”
“KLEOPATRA SUCKS!” They all shout in unison.
The picture is a blur of fist pumps and hands waving.
Clement tries to get a question in, raising her voice over the music and the din of shouts and curses.
“You all call these rallies New Life.  What exactly does that mean?”
Now Mrs. Kelleher slithers next to her husband, linking arms.  Clement knows her name is Paulette.
“See, honey, it’s like this.  The Outer Ring…you know what it is to us?  It’s freedom.  Open space.  Sunlight.  Hope for something better.  We’re all tired as hell with living like rats inside this dirtclod of an asteroid.  And with all those people coming up from Earth, well—"
“But doesn’t the Company pay you pretty well?”
That draws loud guffaws and jeers.
“They pretend to pay us and we pretend to work!”
Kelleher adds, “All we want is a chance at a better life.  That’s what the Outer Ring is to us, here in Ironton.  Something better, for us and our kids—” he twirls his fingers through the auburn curls of his daughter Francie.  “Just a chance.”
Paulette Kelleher continues.  “Those Concordance slimedogs don’t want us out there in their space…like anyone can own space.  They don’t want scum like us dirtying up their precious settlements and terretas.  They don’t want the Purpleheads coming in, so they think they can dump the slimy bastards on us.  They think Jupiter and Saturn belong to them personally.”
Clement tries to move the conversation back to focus on the Outer Ring.  She is jostled as more miners and their families crowd into the cafeteria.  She can hardly breathe.
“Some people say we shouldn’t be messing around with Jupiter.”
That draws even louder shouts and jeers.  
“The dirtbags can’t build terretas with gas!”
“Who do they think mines all this stuff…little fairies and munchkins?”
More raucous laughs.
Clint Kelleher nods in agreement.  “Hell, missy, we don’t get all misty-eyed about a big bag of gas like Jupiter, you know?  You know what Jupiter is…it’s a friggin’ mine, just like Kleopatra!  Nobody’s dismantling Jupiter.  That’s impossible.  Nobody cares what we’re doing to this rubble pile we live on.  And for sure, nobody gives a damn that Purpleheads are flooding in here like busted plumbing.  They just want their iron and platinum, but the panty-waist upper crust out there in the Concordance don’t see that.  We’re just using a little bit of Jupiter to make something better for a lot of people.  But they don’t want a lot of people around them, especially worthless clods like us.  That’s what this is about.”
“Concordance crud!” someone shouts.  Others pick up the chant and it begins circling the cafeteria like a religious hymn.  Soon, even the small band on the stage picks up the beat and starts riffing on the notes in synch with the crowd.
Jennifer Clement realizes she has completely lost control of the interview.  Moreover, the crowd is growing surlier and less manageable.  Police drones have begun to filter into the air above the crowd.  Occasionally, a drone alights on the head of a participant and does something.  A second later, the unlucky target goes limp and has to be held up by others.  A chair hurtles through the air, knocking one of the police drones sideways…it clatters to what little floor is left open and winds up being stomped into pieces.
Clement mutters something into her wristpad, as she shoves and squeezes her way toward the doors.  
“Dronecam, zero in on me, wide angle and go full audio on the sound…I want everyone to hear this.  Exit the cafeteria and hover at two meters out in the hall….”
After what seems like forever, Clement makes it out of the cafeteria in one piece, more or less.  Her hair is a mess and there’s a rip in the side of her blouse…she’d slapped a probing hand away when that happened.
Outside, she takes a deep breath, brushes bangs out of her eyes and tries on a faint smile at the hovering dronecam.
“Solnet viewers have seen scenes like this before, across many InFed settlements but nothing like the intensity and depth of feeling we see here at Kleopatra.  The animosity toward those who oppose the Outer Ring, toward thousands of immigrants coming up from Earth and what’s happening at Jupiter may be surprising to some, accustomed as they may be to quiet and orderly operations in settlements like Hibernia Station and its mining communities.
“But the feelings here are real and visceral.  These people want to be heard.  No doubt the pyramids had their detractors.  Same for the great cathedrals and the skyscrapers and the suburban tract developments of the mid-twentieth century.  
“For the people of Ironton and other mining camps around this asteroid, the Outer Ring represents nothing less than hope for a new and better life.  The miners here feel that those who resist and oppose the Outer Ring are slavemasters trying to keep them from living their dreams, trying to keep them weak, disorganized, hungry, poor and in their place.  They feel the tremendous influx of refugees and immigrants from Earth are like trash being dumped in their laps.
“This reporter, for one, doesn’t believe that strategy—if it is a strategy—has any chance of long-term success.  For another perspective on this issue…the question of whether an Outer Ring can and should be built, whether developers can and should be mining and siphoning material off Jupiter, whether refugees from the Purple plague should go somewhere else, we go now to my colleague, reporter Angel Takanawa, embedded with an engineering staff at Settlement Seven, Chryse Planitia, Mars. 
“This is Jennifer Clement, Solnet Special Report, signing off—”
The dronecam red light winks off and as Clement slinks off wearily down the hall toward the lifts, the dronecam follows like a disappointed puppy, faintly whirring as it maneuvers through streams of miners still heading into the rally.

Charley muttered to herself screw this and hurried out of the departure area, pushing, shoving, using her Farpool uniform and badge as a weapon and shield, until she found herself outside the Terminal and headed down an escalator to the Paseo, the oceanside promenade.
She strolled for awhile, past kiosks selling aguacate with shrimp, past small galleries, artists doing live portraits for a few coins, jetboards buzzing in and out and odd curio stands flashing trinkets and fake jewelry.  Her eyes kept returning to the waves pounding below the Paseo, roaring surf slamming the seawall and the foam and froth of the water beyond.
Why the hell not?  I like roaming.  Good Omtorish always think better in vish’tu.  That’s what I need now…to roam and think.  Clear my bony old head.
She found a narrow staircase between some hibiscus bushes and, when no one was looking, descended the steps and launched herself into the waves.
The water was cold, bracing, almost freezing, the effect of the Humboldt Current she soon realized.  She stroked hard and then harder, gradually warming herself up as she slid between schools of hoplo and marlin.  Deeper she went into the dark, barking out sounds to pulse what lay ahead.
Presently, she felt the first faint tugs of the Farpool’s outer vortex fields.  Better give these guys a wide berth, she thought.  She turned about and without realizing it, began talking to herself in the cold water, scattering more schools as she zipped left and right, up and down, nearly scraping a coral bank before turning about and heading back to the Paseo and its breakwater.

Charley Meyer’s Echopod Journal Entry #4

Well, I’ve got some really mixed-up thoughts about all this. My head’s like a swamp.  I can’t make sense of anything now.  
Reynaldo’s gone.  Emigrated.  The Great Exit and all that.  I’m down a few notches about that.  I guess I loved the beefjerk bastard.  We had something there, I’m not sure what exactly.
By any normal standards, maybe it wasn’t love that kept us together.  It started out as respect, then slowly graduated to fond courtesy, with occasional excursions into admiration and sympathy and once, fleetingly, a frightening descent into tenderness.  But never love.  No, it wasn’t love…couldn’t have been.  No way.
I didn’t go with him.  I never could have gone with him.  Reynaldo’s got a hard head.  I mean, that’s how he became a world-class midfielder, a megaballer for God’s sake…until the Purple.  That undid everything…and not just for us.
We sort of had dreams.  Or maybe it was just me and I projected my dreams into his head.  But we talked a lot.  Vacations…more Farpool trips.  A place on the beach…I know a great spot in the Bahamas.  Even Bermuda would have been okay…one of those pink condos on the southwest bluffs, looking out over the ocean.  And we would have been close to Keenomsh’pont, close to Muir City and my Omtorish friends.
But I don’t think any of that was ever in his head.  It was in my head.  But what was in my head never made the crossing to his head.  We became like a slight navigation error in the Farpool.  One wrong flick on your flow vanes and kapow!  You’re somewhere you never really wanted to be.
Like now.
No, I couldn’t have done the Great Exit thing.  That’s not me.  I know what Purple’s done to the humans, the airbreathers.  The land topside is decimated.  Cities and farms flooded, deserted.  Pirates looting everything in sight…I got a glimpse of that when we made a small nav error in our test jump from Seome.  I don’t know…maybe the worst part is the continents of bloated bodies, all jammed together, floating around in the middle of the ocean like detached islands.  
And then there are the Ponkti…and their allies.  The Ponkti are the worst scum and it doesn’t matter if they’re here on Earth or back on Seome.  They’ve either allied themselves with some of the other kels or coerced them, and now they mean to drive the Omtorish to extinction and have the Earth’s seas to themselves.  
Believe me, the irony isn’t lost on me.  The Sea People came to Earth eighty years ago because they had to.  They emigrated—some of them—because their sun was blowing up in a supernova.  They had no choice.  Now, with the Purple and the Ponkti and the Chinese, and millions of dead worldwide, the humans are doing the same thing…crawling all over themselves like scared rats and trying like hell to get off this dead world as fast as they can.  While they still can.
Makes me sick.
There’s a big battle coming.  Everybody knows it.  The Ponkti and their forces are gathering and it’s only a matter of time before they show up at the Muir seamounts and issue their ultimatums.  I think the Omtorish will stand and fight.  I hope they’ll stand and fight.  Maybe they just need a little more backbone…Maybe….

End Recording (interrupted)

Below the waves, circling around the foundation and the outer vortexes of the SPACETRAIN farpool, Charley Meyer finally came to a hard decision.  As fast as she could pull, she headed back to the breakwater and the steps up to the Paseo.  On Calle Vortice above the promenade, she messaged for an autocab to Quito, using her Farpool pass as payment.  
Two hours later, now in the capital city, she left the autocab at Mariscal Sucre hyperport and purchased a hyperjet ticket to Bermuda.  The flight lasted two hours, with two stops…Miami and New York.
Once she had reached Bermuda’s L.F. Wade International at St Georges, she rented a jitney and sped over the hills and narrow twisting lanes of the island to Great Sound Beach, to a marina she knew about, other side of Hamilton harbor.
From the jetty, ignoring the curious stares of outside diners and early evening strollers, she ditched her Farpool uniform and went full commando.  She did a racing dive into the cold waters of the Sound and headed north, descending, sounding off the Mid-Atlantic Ridge off to her right to get her bearings.  It had been awhile and she couldn’t run the risk of getting lost…or running into a Ponkti fleet assembling.
Unerringly, feeling more and more that this was the right thing to do, she headed north by northeast, for the Muir seamounts.  For Keenomsh’pont and what was left of Muir City, ready to man the barricades if she had to.
Ready to defend her people from the coming onslaught.

END
(to be continued in The Farpool: Diaspora)
Appendix
(Being an Ethnological Study of the Seomish and Urku Seomish People)

The Language

Seomish is designed phonetically to carry well in a water medium. Hard, clicking consonants are common.  The ‘p’ or ‘puh’ sound, made by violent expulsion of air is also common.  Modulation of the voice stream, particularly at high frequencies (sounding much like a human whistle) produces the characteristic “wheeee” sound, which is a root of many words.  Translation from Seomish to human languages like English requires some inspired speculation, since so many Seomish phrases seem to be little more than grunts or groans, modulated in frequency and duration.
A good example is the Seomish word for Earth…Urku.
After the Kel’vishtu (the Great Emigration), thousands of Seomish found themselves in the oceans of Earth.  Despite differences in chemical makeup, temperature and salinity, the oceans of Earth haven’t caused great changes in the basic dialects of the Seomish language.
Most Seomish words are grouped according to several characteristics: (1) Who is speaking (the personal); (2) who is being spoken to (the indicative); (3) state of mind of the speaker (the conditional); (4) the kel-standing of the conversants (the intimant).
Each classification has a set of characteristic pre-consonants, to indicate the nature of the coming words, etc. Thus:
k’, kee, t’
tch, g, j, oot
m’, p’, puh’ (both anger, dislike, distaste, etc), sh, sz (both joyful)
each kel identifies itself with a unique set of capitalized consonants, like a vocal coat of arms.  Example: t’milee, or CHE’oray…Seomish versus Timily or Chory…English.

The World (A History)

    Seome was a planet somewhat smaller than Earth, 98% covered in water.  There were approximately 30 islands that comprised the total land mass of the planet.  Most of them were only a few kilometers wide but about ten exceeded 50 square kilometers in size.  Most of the islands were clustered near the equator, or branched out in chains or arcs from the cluster, often following the submerged ocean ridges that trisect the waters.
    Seome was one of four planets, two large gas giants and two smaller terrestrial rock-core worlds, orbiting the star-sun Sigma Albeth B.  The other planets were uninhabited.
Neither small planet had any natural satellite but both gas giants had literally scores of satellites in orbit about them.
Seome was about 11,500 kilometers in diameter and its gravity was slightly less than Earth’s.  Of particular note was the planet’s perpetual cloud cover, permanent except for one location: the summit peak of the island of Ordeld in the northeastern sea, at certain times of the year.
Seome had two seasons: high storm and low storm, roughly corresponding to periods of greater and lesser storm activity.  The planet rotated nearly twice as fast as Earth, so the “day” was only half as long.  However, the low light level didn’t really reflect the speed of rotation.  It was uniformly low.
The planet had a magnetic field and an iron core.  Earthquakes were common, often creating tsunamis that dwarfed anything seen on Earth. 
The period of solar revolution was about 18 Earth months, 50% longer.  In other words, one Earth year was 2/3 a Seome year.  A Seome year was called a mah and it corresponds to one complete north-south-north migration cycle of the planktonic mah’jeet organisms.  
Today, in Earth’s oceans, mah’jeet don’t exist so the Seomish are exploring other ways of keeping time.

Seomish Physiology

Although the Seomish resemble dolphins and porpoises externally, they are not mammals.  They are fish, true marine creatures.  They average about 3 meters in length and possess two forearms that have evolved from pectoral fins into prehensile limbs approximately ½ to ¾ meter in length, with five fingers and one opposing thumb at the end of each arm. 
The Seomish breathe through gills, extracting oxygen from the water that is strained through gill slits on either side of the head, which is really only an extension of the main body trunk.  The body is streamlined for speed (up to 20 km/hr for healthy males at maturity) which is generated by lateral undulations of the caudal, or tail fin.  The peduncle is the muscle that moves this fin.
The Seomish have two dorsal fins, one over the midsection and one just forward of the peduncle.  Along with a pair of anal fins (beneath the second dorsal), a small pair of vestigial pectoral fins attached to the forearms (above the wrist) provides anti-roll stability.  The arms and the tail give maneuvering and braking power and the arms are tucked against the sides of speed.
The Seomish have evolved an internal gas bladder, dorsally located, to help them maintain buoyancy.  The presence of this organ limits the depth and vertical range of their natural movement but technological developments can overcome these obstacles.
The Seomish have relatively poor eyesight, good vision not being essential in the often dark, murky waters of Seome.  They have no tear ducts or eyelids.
The Seomish senses of smell and hearing are keen, however.  A great deal of the standard Seomish language is concerned with scent information and is unconveyable by sight or sound.  There is an olfactory vocabulary of chemical odors that are often captured and stored in scentbulbs, called ot’lum, in the spoken vernacular.
The Seomish can smell the difference not only in body odors but in various kinds of water, according to its salt, dirt, or nutrient content.  They have words for all these.  Because olfactory impressions tend to disperse slowly, the Seomish do not separate the past from the present as readily as humans.  Instead, they view the past as living in the present, as a shadow or ghost or alternate spirit of the present.
The Seomish sense of hearing is acute and far-ranging.  Just below the mouth, at the rear of the throat and forward of the gill cavity, is a small bag-like organ, called a soundsac, or shkelt.  It is an echo-location system that emits low-frequency waves that can carry for upwards of thirty to fifty kilometers, depending on the location of the deep-level sound channel (the ootkeeor, or “discovering water”).  Much of the Seomish language consists of grunts, whistles and clicks, all sounds that travel well in water.
The Seomish also possess a pressure-sensitive lateral line organ.  The organ functions as a true sixth sense and is sensitive to low-frequency vibrations.  It is used for short-range guidance, collision avoidance and for determining the present state of the ambient water as well as local currents.
Seomish are heterosexual and reproduce by copulation, the female bearing live young after a gestation period of about one and a half mah.
Seomish males usually live to an average age of 150 mah (see Seomish time-keeping) and females somewhat longer, 160 mah. 
The Seomish have silvery-gray skin, smooth, non-scaly at maturity.  They are born pinkish-white and aging gradually darkens the skin.
Average weight for a mature Seomish male is 230 kilograms.  Females weigh somewhat less.

The Flora and Fauna of Seome: Some Examples from History

Mah’jeet: a microscopic, plankton-like creature, shaped like filaments or sickles, that emit a toxic substance poisonous to most Seomish.  Small concentrations of the toxin aren’t fatal but the creature tends to horde and this increases the danger.  The toxin is neurological in nature, causing convulsions, respiratory difficulties, heart attacks and finally death.  So prevalent are the mah’jeet and so precise are their seasonal migrations that the Seomish regulate their calendar by them.  Concentrated in a horde, they cause the water to take on a deep purple stain.
Mah’jeet don’t thrive well in Earth’s waters.  Only a limited, few examples were brought through the Farpool during the Great Emigration.
Tillet: a pack animal, used mainly for transporting cargo.  About ten to fifteen meters in length, black on top, white on the bottom, the tillet is a fairly docile beast, though occasionally cantankerous.  Generations of genetic engineering have created a close, almost psychic relationship between the Seomish and the tillet.  Some are so highly trained that they can travel thousands of kilometers completely untended, usually in herds of from thirty to fifty.  The tillet is so valuable that all kels have mutually agreed to a ban on hunting them.  They can carry upwards of 200 kilograms of cargo in three specially bred belly pouches, which open underneath broad pectoral fins (the Seomish are now working on a cybernetic tillet, a genetically engineered design with a computer-assisted brain).
Tillet are used on Earth among the Urku Seomish, having been bred for survival in Earth’s waters.
Stek’loo: a true, hybrid life form, the stek’loo is the result of generations of research and development in electronics, cybernetics, and genetics.  It is a thinking fish, a living computer, whose nervous system is composed of logic elements and switching circuits and who feeds on electric current.  The results of its internal computations are displayed on the swollen flanks of its side in bioluminescent numerals and light patterns.  The stek’loo resembles a flounder in shape and size, flat and rounded.  Information and program instructions may be entered through a power rod attached to its mouth, by feeding the stek’loo sequential electrical impulses.  The handle of this rod is a binary key for controlling the impulses.  The stek’loo is physically sluggish and is often kept in a transparent bowl.  In common use on Earth.
K’orpuh: a deadly, eel-like snake found mainly in polar waters and bred commercially by the Eepkostic).  K’orpuh sometimes grow to 20 meters in length and are easily mistaken for plants and weeds.  They carry an electric charge of up to a thousand volts, which is fatal to Seomish.  In addition, the k’orpuh are able to lay down a sticky, web-like filament by quickly encircling their prey, enmeshing it in a cocoon and making escape impossible.  The pelt skin and oils of the k’orpuh are valuable commodities, but the Eepkostic have a monopoly on this trade, as well as on the training of the snake for military and sport purposes.  K’orpuh are also employed among all the Urku kels on Earth. 
Pal’penk: a herd animal, huge and bloated, somewhat resembling a Terran sunfish.  Growing to average lengths of ten meters and weights of a thousand kilograms, the ‘penk is a staple food raised in vast grazing herd, desired mainly for its naturally spicy flesh.  It is raised in temperate waters, largely by the Likti (an Omtorish ethnic group) and grazes on planktonic nutrients and spider-weed, called mahp’te, among other things.  A genetic variant of the ‘penk =, somewhat smaller and able to graze in colder waters, is the pal’pod.  This animal has been transplanted to Earth and genetically altered to survive in Terran waters.
Puk’lek: sometimes called the seamother, the Kelm’opuh (Destroyer of Nations) and mythologically, Keeshoovikt (The One Who Swims Against the Current or goes against God), the puk’lek is the most fearsome beast in the waters of Seome.  The mythology of the race speaks eloquently of the mixture of fear, veneration and fascination the serpent holds.  Occasionally reaching a hundred meters in length, with a powerful horned and spiked tail and a reptilian head with a broad veined crest, the puk’lek roams the seas of Seome unmolested, usually alone.  It is carnivorous and easily provoked, usually preferring to feed of teng (a shark-like fish but longer) and various scapet (a tunnel-shaped fish with a colorful head stripe and water-jet escape mechanism.  Puk’lek are known to prefer the continental slopes as feeding and spawning grounds and they occasionally leave the water altogether for several hours at a time.  What happens to them on land is not known and has been the subject of mythology and speculation for ages.  One theory has it that the puk’lek are not true sea-dwellers at all but some kind of hybrid land-sea dweller, and that they were punished by God long ago for the transgression of leaving the water by having to endure both environments in order to survive (in other words, amphibious.).  There are myths that say the puk’lek fathered a new race of beings on the land and must leave the sea periodically to care for them.  But there is no proof of this.  From a distance, the puk’lek resembles a fat, scaly k’orpuh, but the puk’lek is silvery white and gray whereas the k’orpuh is very dark and mottled like seaweed.
The Urku Ponkti (one of the kels of Seome) managed to bring seamother calves through the Farpool.  From these calves, an Earth-born variant has been bred and is now thriving. 
Tchin’ting: a long, stringy weed (like kelp) grown for food, mainly in temperate waters (tropical strains are oily-tasting).  Tchin’ting is harvested after a growth period of one full mah, when it is uprooted and processed into a meal that forms a staple of the Seomish diet.  Tchin’ meal is a waxy, pasty substance rich in protein and suitable for mixing in as a filler or extender with other foods, particularly flesh foods.  Tchin’ting has been replaced by an Earth variant.
Ter’poh: a planktonic creature unicellular algal in nature, that drifts in the upper reaches of the water by the uncountable trillion.  Usually processed into meal paste.  Replaced by an Earth variant.
Tong’pod: a bottom-dwelling, shelled creature, similar to a clam, growly wildly in abundance only in tropical waters west of the Serpentines and nurtured artificially elsewhere.  Sweet-tasting and slightly narcotic.  Replaced by an Earth variant, though some kels have managed to breed a clam very similar to tong’pod. 
Potah: an oyster-like creature that manufactures a small pearl, called a potu, used as currency.  Being replaced as currency by a scent-driven form of money, normally stored and exchanged in scentbulbs.  
Eelot: a deep-dwelling fish of dazzling radiance and delectable fin flesh. Replaced by an Earth variant.
Eetleg: a crustacean, common to Omtorish waters, especially south of the Serpentines.  Rare and considered a delicacy by the Omtorish. Replaced by an Earth variant.

A Note on Cooking:  Cooking with fire was, of course, unknown on Seome.  Many foods were processed into pastes however and used to garnish meats.  Most plants were eaten raw or with very little preparation.  The structure of the tong’pod has influenced the gastronomic arts on Seome by providing an easily obtainable (easily imitatable) container for mixed, semi-solid foods.  Indeed, the empty tong’pod shell was the preferred means of holding and consuming most non-whole foods right into contemporary times.  About a thousand mah ago, an artificial shell was developed, completely edible and often seasoned.  It is known as an om’pod, a “spicy shell” and is now the most popular way of holding and consuming meals.  The most recent models of the om’pod even heat their contents biochemically.
Urku Seomish are steadily exploring, breeding and harvesting new foods from the seas of Earth and much cross-mixing of cuisines has already taken place.

Theology and First Things

The aquatic world of Seome was conventionally subdivided into five great seas (or’keln), though there is in fact only one world ocean.
Each sea was the dominion of one of the five great nations, water-clans, or tribes (the meaning varies in context): these were the kels.  The basic structure of the kels was maintained during the Great Emigration, among the survivors. The kels are both political and familial in nature.  In Seomish mythology-history, each kel was descended from one female ancestor, countless millennia ago, who was impregnated by God (Shooki or Schookee) for the purpose of filling all the waters with life.  The first females were known collectively as the Five Daughters, and all life on Seome is descended from them (they are revered as demi-gods.).
Each Daughter begat two offspring (after the creation of the lower orders), one male and one female.  These were the First Mortals and each kel considered its F.M.s as the ultimate ancestors of everyone who has lived since, or will ever live.  The F.M.s were the direct parents of the kel.
In Seomish theology, Shooki created and impregnated the Five Daughters because he was lonely and wished companionship.  Accordingly, three extremely important religious-moral-ethical concepts in the culture are friendship, fertility (or appetite) and what could best be described as a kind of internal tranquility (see Shoo’kel).  The Seomish are playful and gregarious by nature, generally promiscuous (within bounds) and pleasure-seeking.  They are not psychologically disposed to dissatisfaction or self-sacrifice, normally.  The universe was created by the confluence of three great currents, say the Seomish: Ke’shoo, Ke’lee, and Shoo’kel, or figuratively, love, life and happiness.  This view is applied to many things, especially kel ancestry, or specifically, which First Mortal most possessed which trait.  It is a subject of endless debate.
Some ideas about beginnings and first things have changed with the coming of the Amphibs. 

Amphibs and Hybrids – A New Species Among the Urku (Earth-born) Seomish

Amphibs are strongly family or clan oriented.  Human hybrid amphibs retain many of the beliefs of their formerly human past.  Marine (Seomish) hybrid amphibs retain beliefs from their icthyotic past.  That said, there are some beliefs and values unique to amphibs.
Amphibs are by nature environmentally conscious and acutely aware of the connectedness of all life, land and sea.  They are also aware that they are a created people (they revere Dr. Josey Holland as a sort of ‘goddess’) and they believe that their creation and the coming of their Seomish cousins through the Farpool in 2115 AD (Terran time) was divinely inspired.  As such, they take part of their creation story from the Seomish and part from Human myths.
In general, Amphibs have a ‘network’ view of life.  Their belief in a central creator is disappearing and they view the web of life as their main metaphor, with each Amphib morally and ethically responsible for doing their part to maintain the web and do nothing to damage it.  When amphibs refer to The Web, this is what they are referring to. Sometimes, they adapt the Seomish word for God (Shooki) as a stand-in for the Web.  Many Amphib beliefs resemble Buddhist beliefs, especially their beliefs in First Things (Buddhist ‘Noble Truths’) and their belief in a cycle of life.  Their beliefs center around a feeling of ‘Oneness’ or unity with the Web of Life.  There are also elements of Gaian belief in how amphibs think about their world. 
Amphib followers of Gaianism state that the term is based both on the felt connection and scientific understanding of the biosphere, which is given the name Gaia. The namesake primordial deity from Greek mythology is the mother of all beings, both god and animal, born from her union with the sky (Uranus) and the sea (Pontus). Gaians believe that naming the biosphere Gaia helps encourage practitioners and others to see the living planet as an organism with an intrinsic personality that expresses itself through evolution. Gaianism's philosophy stems from James Lovelock's Gaia hypothesis, which proposes that organisms interact with their surroundings on earth to form a more complex and self-regulating system that contributes to maintaining the conditions for life on the planet. Gaia can be understood as a super-organism made of organisms, as multi-cellular life can be understood as a super-organism at a smaller level of scale.
With a strong connection between Gaia beliefs and their own beliefs, Amphibs promote similar ethical practices.  To wit: Amphibs typically approach their philosophy with the perspective that you should honor the earth (Urku), reduce or soften the their impact on the earth, and to be respectful of all life on earth. The latter perspective is extended to all forms of life such as plant, animal, or human, and followers will often try to maintain a close relationship with the planet in order to strive toward world peace, maintain global homeostasis and find inner fulfillment.
There is an offshoot belief among some Seomish amphibs that the sea people should work toward developing and perfecting the Farpool so as to return to Seome in a time earlier (before the ak’loosh) and work to prevent their sun from detonating in supernova.  This belief would require them have the technology and the will to ally themselves with the Umans of the 32nd century to defeat the Coethi who so damaged Sigma Albeth B with starballs that it went supernova.  This is the most desirable end state for all Seomish amphibs (called Kel’vik’t, meaning to ‘go against the current’) but Human amphibs don’t share this longing and so conflict arises among amphibs over this matter.  
There is also a variant of Amphib belief that wishes to encourage other suitable marine life forms (like cetaceans) to undergo conicthyosis and become amphibs as well.  Were this belief to become common and the technology to accomplish it perfected, there could be people walking the Earth who had once been dolphins, whales, etc.  Not many Amphibs really want this to happen though. 

The Hierarchies: Kels and Em’kels

The organization of the kel is the most important hierarchy of all.  Each kel differs slightly in certain details but major similarities remain.  The basic structure of the kels came through the Great Emigration essentially unchanged and remains strong for older Urku Seomish.  Younger Seomish and Amphibs seek newer forms of social organization. 
For simplicity’s sake, the House of Omt’or will serve as a good example.
Omt’orkel claims a line of unbroken, uncontaminated descent from Omt’or, Daughter of Shooki and from its First Mortals, Kreedake and Ponel.  Since descent is figured matrilineally, the eldest female of the kel is the nominal head of the family and thus chief of state, designated the Metahshooklet, or Metah (the One who lives in God).  In most instances, the Metah designates a younger person to take responsibility for major decisions.  In Omt’or, this choice is traditionally the eldest and most sexually productive female of the largest em’kel (see below).
Each em’kel selects one male and one female to represent its interests before the appointed chief, who is called the Mektoo.  The combined assembly of em’kel representatives is called the Kel’emtah, or Kel’em (literally, the “family of the Mother”).  It meets once every mah in each city of the kel and all kelke (citizens, members of the family) have the right to petition the Mektoo at these gatherings for redress of grievances.
In general, the Seomish are not a terribly political people.  Since each member of the kel is nominally related to everyone else, questions of authority and patriotism seldom arise.  The lines of power and command are clear and based on age and blood.  Seomish law is officially codified in the mind and memory of the Metah, which the Seomish have learned to enhance through severe training and regular consumption of special substances designed to improve memory, called tekn’een.  These are drugs devised by Seomish chemists that improve recall and recollection and permit the application of considerable information to legal and judicial problems.  Only the Metah may take these drugs, which theoretically assure her infallibility.
Judicial proceedings against law-breakers are normally the responsibility of the Metah’s staff.  The theory is that since the Metah made the laws—and is in effect the Law herself—only she can determine if they have been broken.  The most common form of punishment is exile; the moral and social theory behind this is suspect though because it is believed that the individual cannot really ever be severed from the kel—his blood relationship persists, even into exile.  Another form of punishment is an officially sanctioned silence, called the jee’ot.  On occasion, mutilation is permitted and in extreme cases, execution by live burial or floatation is practiced.  But these are rare. 
Practical enforcement of the laws is usually left to the em’kel, which is legally and morally responsible for its members.  Although membership in any em’kel is voluntary and theoretically anyone not in an em’kel could be above the law, in practice, the Seomish are too gregarious to be loners.  Legal offenses can be dealt with by group censure, usually effective, or by taking the matter to the Metah.
The em’kel is the basic subdivision of the Seomish kel.  It is a difficult concept to define because it is so broad and flexible.  Simply stated, an em’kel is any sub-grouping that considers itself distinct from the kel at large.
Em’kels can be based on virtually any distinction: occupation, theological agreement, sexual compatibility, age, preferred roaming waters, mutual interests of all kinds.  They form and dissolve constantly, gaining and losing members, but the underlying divisions by interest seem to persist through the ages.  Like-minded people congregate in any culture.  The durability of specific em’kels is remarkable.  Many of them are thousands of mah in age, having developed certain customs and traditions and possessing a collective heritage that ensures their continuance.  
An individual’s first exposure to the em’kel system is the mandatory five-mah membership in the oldest em’kel of all: the Kelk’too, or teachers’ em’kel, in effect, an Academy of Learning.  After leaving the Kelk’too, the Seomish child must select an em’kel to associate with, his first major decision.   He soon learns that the em’kel is his family, and that he is responsible to them.
If he wants to become a legal adult, and have the right to form and found his own em’kel, the Seomish child must prepare himself for the arduous ritual of the Circling, to be attempted on the occasion of his twentieth birthday.  Upon the successful completion of this rite of passage, most Seomish youth choose to change em’kels, to emphasize their new status.  Now living in the oceans of Earth, the Urku Seomish have modified this traditional ritual into something called a circa.
Essentially, the em’kel is so organized that everyone is about equal in stature.  It is customary to accord slightly more deference to the individual (or individuals) who founded the group.  There are rarely any terms of membership and no penalties upon leaving.  One may belong to as many em’kels as desired.  Many people prefer to give their allegiance to one, however.
Behavior in the em’kel is based on the fact that all members are equal and deserve love and attention and respect.  Personal problems, in matters of work, sex, health of whatever, are properly the concern of everyone and most em’kels hold regular meetings of the membership to air and discuss grievances.  These are called ke’teeoh.  Other topics that arise are items of discussion before the Kel’em and the Metah, matters of law enforcement and how to punish offenders, domestic matters of expenses, repairs, duties, disputes over the outcomes of games, blood relationships, roaming protocol and other projects and goals the em’kel has planned.  
Most Seomish em’kels maintain a home chamber, called an em’too, where the members live and spend time when not otherwise engaged.  Often, the em’too is the place of work as well as sleeping, eating, etc.  The average Seomish probably spends no more than 30-40% of his day in the em’too, preferring to get out and roam.

The Five Kels

The House of Omt’or

The House of Omt’or is the wealthiest, most populous and probably the most influential of all the Seomish kels.  The original domain of Omt’or was the great sea Omt’orkel, bounded by the currents of Tchor and the hills of the Serpentines in the east and south, by the currents of Pomt’or and the house of ice to the west and north.  It occupied most of the northwest and north central regions on the map.  Urku Omtorish have tended to cluster around and north of Bermuda, in the north Atlantic, around the Muir seamounts and a cluster of settlements known as Keenomsh’pont. 
Omt’or is perhaps most distinguished for the calm detachment of its people and their grace and elaborate manners, a result, it is said, of the Great Daughter Omt’or’s attempt to seduce the Father Shooki.
Omt’or has produced at least half of Seome’s scientific advances, including the development of the tekn’een drugs.  However, the kel has not been as aggressive as others in applying its knowledge.  In fact, other kels consider Omt’or to be somewhat arrogant and elitist.  But the Omtorish seem content merely to accumulate and refine their ever-growing store of knowledge.  Their cultural achievements, especially in the scent and echo arts, are widely copied.

The House of Sk’ort

The Sk’ortel was a warm, sluggish sea that occupies the southwest part of the map.  The domain of the Sk’ort is principally encompassed by this sea.  The eastern boundary is the lower Serpentines and the Sk’ork current.  The western boundary is sometimes disputed with the Orketish but is usually taken to be a line extending directly north and south of the vast Klatko Trench in the equatorial zone.  
Today, the Urku Skortish cluster along the Mascarene Plateau in the western Indian Ocean, just east of Madagascar.
Many of the other kels look down on the Skortish as lazy and indolent, though this opinion is unfair.  The warm and occasionally hot, slow-moving waters of the sea contribute to this feeling of enervation.  The Skortish roam less often and more slowly than any other kel, many preferring to simply float with the currents.  To the others, this is laziness.
The Skortish subdivide themselves into two great branches: the Tostah and the Kekah.  The Tostah are the smaller of the two, originally residing mainly in and around the city of Tostah, near the seething Sk’ortoo lava trench.  Many of them made their living harvesting the valuable coral-like material ting, which grew abundantly in the hot, mineral-rich waters.  Their kel-mates, the Kekah, lived hundreds of kilometers to the south among the angular ridges of Kekonk Tenk, where most of them were renowned as miners, working the immense veins of ore in the mountains and canyons that encircle that city.  
The Skortish are generally indifferent to the opinions of their neighbors, particularly the Orketish.  They feel that the other kels do not understand them or don’t want to.  The Skortish pride themselves as great thinkers (though they have produced few great thoughts) and as connoisseurs of an elegant way if life based on physical contact rather than roaming.  This puts them at odds with much of Seome.

The House of Ponk’et

The great, ice-cold murky northeastern sea is called the Ponk’el and is home to the kel Ponk’et.  Bounded to the north by the polar ice pack, to the east by the ridge T’kel, to the south by the ridge-chain Orkn’t and to the west by the long sinuous Serpentine, the Ponkti are aloof, relatively militant in their outlook and generally untrustworthy.  They usually keep to themselves preferring to refine their martial skills.  The Ponkti are renowned as the originators and masters of the deadly dance of combat called tuk.
Today, the Urku Ponkti mostly congregate in a settlement called Ponkel’te in the South China Sea.  They have a problematic, but continuing relationship with the Chinese.
Because of their self-imposed isolation, little is known about the Ponkti and this adds to the climate of uncertainty and fear that has in the past led to disputes, misunderstandings, even military clashes.  Despite this, the Ponkti do engage in some trade with the rest of Seome, out of necessity.  Their principal economic activity is growing cultures of the industrial bacterium terpoh, which flourish in the caves of the kel’s only city, Ponk’t (Seomish industry depends almost entirely on chemical and biological means of shaping, forming and molding materials, since fire is unknown to them).
The presence of the central religious shrine of Seome, the Pillars of Shooki, was another source of revenue.  The Ponkti had negotiated a contract which remunerated them for maintaining this shrine.  In return, they permitted kel pilgrims from across Seome to travel unimpeded through Ponkti waters to and from the shrine.  Further profit was made by serving and housing these pilgrims.  It was a classic example of Ponkti hypocrisy: they were certain that Shooki ignores the prayers of the pilgrims and view the visitors as misguided but wealthy fools, ripe for the plucking.
Today, the mekli priestesses circle the oceans as kind of troupe of traveling evangelists.  There is no Earthly equivalent of the Pillars of Shooki.

The House of Eep’kos

This is the smallest kel and in many ways, the most puzzling.  Physiologically similar to other Seomish, the Eepkostic are in fact breakaway cousins of the Skortish, but many generations of life in the frigid south polar waters have made them as different from their ancestors as they can be.
On Earth, the Urku Eepkostic have settled near the Kerguelen Islands in the south Indian Ocean, not far from Antarctica.
Why did the Eepkostic break from the Skortish and engineer themselves into a different people?  The true answer is probably that there was a serious inter-family dispute but the evidence of it has been lost in the dense metaphors of mythical history which the Eepkostic have created about themselves and their past.  Any recorded documentation of the dispute has been eradicated and only an apocryphal legend about a vast marine serpent thousands of kilometers long which cut off a branch of the Skortish from the main body of the family for centuries because it was so long and moved so slowly remains.  The story stated that the stranded cousins eventually gave up hope that they would ever see their homewaters again and started a new community under the icepack.  This will have to suffice as history until more facts are known.  Ever since this tale became popular, the Eepkostic consider themselves to have been singled out by God to endure ten thousand mah of punishment by isolation and that is why they live as they do.  Note that both the Ponkti and the Eepkostic have formalized a system of beliefs that places each of them at the center of God’s attention, either favorable or displeased.  Each kel considers itself an elect people; the Eepkostic view themselves as collective martyrs for all Seomish.
The Eepkostic are fiercely independent and protective of their isolation, much like the Ponkti.  To enforce this quarantine on Seome, they engineered an eel-like snake, called a k’orpuh, which is also raised commercially, for military and medical purposes.  The chemical base of tekn’een is an extract of the k’orpuh’s blood.  K’orpuh have been transplanted and successfully bred by the Eepkostic on Earth. 
The Eepkostic are proud of their differences, both physical and cultural.  They feel the distinctions are marks of superiority.  They are especially contemptuous of their distant cousins the Skortish, seeing in them everything that is corrupt and decadent.  The harsh polar environment makes the Eepkostic more aware of the struggle for survival—how it heightens and enriches life—something that most other Seomish have never faced.  Thus their civilization is not so elaborately mannered as others; their life is cleaner, simpler and more vivid.  This makes them ideal candidates for extra-marine exploration.

The House of Ork’et

The domain of Ork’et was the sea Orkn’tel, bounded on the west by the lower Serpentine, on the north by the Orkn’t ridge, on the south by the broad swift Current of Ork’lat and on the east by the agreed-upon boundary with Sk’ort.
Today, the Urku Orketish live along the south Mid-Atlantic Rift, not far from St. Helena Island.
Ork’et is known for its even-tempered, profit-minded traders and merchants.  The fact that Seome’s most important current, the Ork’lat, neatly bisected Orketish territory, ensured a commercial advantage that few kels possessed.  The Ork’lat flowed halfway around Seome across the southern hemisphere before disintegrating in the steep inter-mountain region known as the Pulkel.  The current gave the Orketish speedy access to all parts of the world and their kip’t pilots (see Glossary) are so skilled at navigating the treacherous Pulkel that they have secured a monopoly on transportation of goods there to the irritation of the Ponkti.  Trans-Serpentine commerce was very much an Orketish business.  This business continues on Earth in much the same way.
Another occupation virtually unique to Ork’et was the harvesting of the pearl-like potu, which is used as a currency throughout Seome.  It follows that finance and banking services, brokerage services, production organization and related activities are principal Orketish concerns.  The kel is truly a hub for transport and commerce and its merchants have a reputation, well-deserved, for persistence and aggressiveness as well as seemingly endless patience.  The Orketish are less enamored of the formal way of living so admired by the Omtorish.  The main distinction between the two most important and influential kels is that Omtorish are, by nature, great theorists and the Orketish great doers.  The Omtorish are more concerned with the ideal, the Orketish with the practical.  The people of Ork’et see themselves as the only true practitioners of Ke’shoo and Ke’lee.  From this flows the rationale for their impeccable materialism.  
Now, on Earth, the potu is declining as a form of currency and is steadily being replaced by a scent-based form of money, normally carried and exchanged through scentbulbs.  Amphibs and younger Urku Seomish are leading this change.

Seomish Timekeeping

Time on Seome was defined by the period it took for the vast hordes of planktonic mah’jeet to complete one pole-to-pole migration cycle.  This basic unit was called the mah and is equivalent to about eighteen Terran months.
The Urku Seomish have tried to transplant this system to Earth but the conversion to Earthly cycles has made this difficult.  There are no vast hordes of mah’jeet on Earth, and thus no migration cycle as a time reference.  The Urku Seomish are currently exploring other time-keeping options but many still cling to the old ways.
The mah is further subdivided into six parts, one for each of the Five Daughters and one for the Father Shooki.  These subdivisions are called emtemah and each is roughly equivalent to about three Terran months.
The Seomish had no astronomical concept of a “day” (having no knowledge of a sun or planetary bodies or motions) but they were aware of variations in light which penetrated the water.  A day-night cycle to them meant one cycle of light, then no light, then light again.  The words are puh’kel and puh’tchoot.  The popular explanation for light was that the surface is full of floating luminescent creatures which shine their radiance into the depths to create the day and then sleep to create the night.  
The Seomish call each one thousand mah period a metamah, or epoch.  These periods are usually named for the oldest Metah in the world at that time.  The current epoch is 735 mah old and was given the designation Tekpotu, for the reigning Metah of Ork’et at that time.  
The six emtemah are called, in order: Shookem, Omtorem, Skortem, Epkosem, Orketem and Ponketem.
The Seomish have two other words which they use to divide the year into halves.  These words refer to the condition of the water at the time of the mah’jeet migration.  They are lit’kel (clear water) and mah’kel (fiery water).  Since mah’jeet can be dangerous, mah’kel is a time to remain in the cities.
In the Terran-Standard numbering system, the current Seomish mah would be written as follows: 735.5 Tk, meaning the fifth emtemah of the seven hundred thirty fifth mah in the epoch of Tekpotu.  After the Great Emigration (occurring in the Terran year 2115 CE), the Urku Seomish reckon time from this point as the Epoch of Kel’vishtu.  It is written (as an example) 1.5 Kv (this would be 1/5 mah after the Emigration).
Following is a brief timeline of major events in contemporary Seomish history.

Highlights of the Current Historical Epoch of Tekpotu

MahEvent
22.1The Peace of Tekpotu…putting an end to a 30-mah long period of isolation and border disputes between Omt’or and Ponk’et.

105.6Extraction, isolation and synthesis of the memory drug tekn’een by Omtorish scientists

357-9Metah of Sk’ort dies; Eepkostic plot charged; live k’orpuh released in Kekah--many deaths; Skortish retaliate by melting ice; truce comes

405.2Berserk seamother kills pilgrims at Pillars of Shooki; extermination attempt fails when beast leaves water (first recorded case in current epoch)

622.1Discovery of Unknown Relic in Opuhte of Ponk’el; disputes over custody; theory of ancient, unrecorded marine civilization

628.4Ponkti restrict access to Pillars, leading to confrontation at Serpentine; sporadic clashes

629.6-630.5Ponk’et agrees to discuss situation, leading to Shrine Treaty and Agreement of Puh’t

649-651Pal’penk herds decimated by disease, traced to new mutation in mah’jeet; Seomish deaths lead to antidote after Ponkti efforts to exterminate mah’jeet are blocked by Omt’or

700-705Potu shortage as a result of Orketish kip’t accident, spilling toxic wastes into potu beds; monetary panic ensues and inter-kel trade drops off until stocks increase

719.1Death of Hildrah tu, Metah of Omt’or; succession of Iltereedah luk’t

721.6Student in Ketuvishtek rite encounters seamother carcass south of Klatko Trench with strange, non-Seomish remains inside torn belly; theories abound
785.2The time of the ak’loosh.  The great wave (supernova) which was the End of All Things.

1.0The Epoch of Kel’vishtu (Kv) begins.  Urku Seomish arrive in the waters of Earth (Urku) and begin new lives.

Glossary

AK’LOOSH: The Ponkti doctrine that predicts the end of the world by a giant, globe-circling tidal wave.  According to most interpretations, the Ponkti are chosen by Shooki to survive the catastrophe, by burying themselves underground, until the danger is passed, after which they will rule the world.  Ak’loosh is the reason usually given as explanation for the tendency of the Ponkti to isolation.  This actually occurred in 785.2 Tk, the result of the star-sun Sigma Albeth B going supernova.  

ARCTOSS: A four-player game common to Omt’or in which the participants float at the corners of a square with three or more open cones in the middle.  The object is too weighted balls into the cones in such a way as to amass the most points.  Sometimes played with artificial current generators to stir things up.

AZHTU:In Seomish mythology, a terrible serpent granted dominion by Shooki over the Notwater, the Highwater and the Deepwater, in exchange for peace and tranquility in the Middlewater.  More generally, any form of evil especially in unknown waters.  There are legends of renegade kels roaming the Serpentines who worship Azhtu.

BEAT:An echo unit of distance.

EM’KEL:A basic subdivision of the kel, usually based on mutual interest, often enduring for hundreds of mah.  Em’kels are egalitarian, communal groups, in effect, families since the kel itself is too large to provide much care.

EMTEMAH: A unit of time—one sixth of a mah (see MAH).  About three Terran months.

EM’TOO: The berth space or home chamber of the em’kel.  Usually a domicile not partitioned physically but by “curtains” of sound and/or scent.  Em’kels often share the same housing pod or space including cooking, cleaning and other facilities but sleeping, meeting and work areas are always separate.

FREE-BOND: The act of spiritually binding any member of the kel to the will of the Metah for a specified period of time.  Basically a contractual relationship entered into for the purpose of doing something the Metah would rather not be associated with.  Free-bonds can be used for anything but have come to be employed in espionage and intelligence work in modern times, thus a certain social stigma results from the public knowing a person is bound this way.  Failure to carry out the stipulations requires the bound one to take his own life in shame.  The bond is cemented by consuming a vial, called a pot’l, of the Metah’s blood.  The incentives are many: loyalty, patriotism, special favors from the Metah.

GISU: A fruit plant, cultivated for its potent juice extract and tasty pulp.  It can be eaten whole (the rind is slightly stimulating) but the popular way is to poke a hole and suck.  The taste is tart and lingering.

HOLDPOD: Any synthetic pod, sac or drum used to hold personal items.  Often made of plastic, these vessels are among the most common of domestic utensils and are also used as luggage on long trips.  The true holdpod is a small, oval egg-shaped container that opens and closes like a clam shell. 

JEE’OT: A form of punishment, practiced by the kel against an offender as designated by the Metah.  Fairly serious, it is a period of time in which the offender is ignored, not spoken to and treated as if he didn’t exist.  The effect of this varies but it usually creates frustration at the very least and forces the recipient to examine his character in some detail.

KEK’OT:The warrior-select that each generation creates to do battle with Azhtu.  A form of ritual sacrifice.

KEL: Any of the five great nation-families—Omt’or, Ork’et, Ponk’et, Sk’ort or Eep’kos.  Can also mean life itself, or water, comfort, home or any of several dozen other similar meanings.  The root word “kel” is the most commonly used component of words in the Seomish language.

KE’LEE: One of the three most important moral-ethical doctrines in Seomish philosophy.  It is usually defined as sexual productivity or fertility but has acquired the connotation of appetite and satisfaction in the abstract sense over the centuries.  It is a ritualized form of honor, even a form of cannibalism that is invested with a great deal more meaning than merely eating.  Simply put, the Seomish believe that when they consume one of their friends, they take on the best qualities of that friend.  It is considered a high honor to be asked this, a way of merging personalities so that the friendship will last forever.  There are other motives for Ke’lee involving shame and disgrace but this kind of love is the main one.

KEL’EM:The gathering of all chosen em’kel representatives once each mah.  Their main task is to advise the Metah on the state of opinion.  In Ork’et, the Kel’em also has the authority to consider any agreements made between Orketish em'kels or between Ork’et and other kels and pass judgment.  Most kels restrict the Kel’em to an advisory capacity only.  It exists in Omt’or mainly to ensure that all em’kels have an equal voice before the Metah and not just the older, more established groups.

KELKE: A citizen, resident, member of the kel, people in general.

KELKTOO: Normally the most influential em’kel in any kel.  The function differs slightly from kel to kel, but in most cases, the Kelktoo is a grouping of the most learned scholars and teachers.  In effect, a school or academy of learning, the Kelktoo is the only em’kel in which mandatory membership is the rule.  This holds for all kelke, for at least a few mah.  Some Kelktoo also hold responsibility for research activities.

KEPIDAH: A genetically engineered crustacean hat extrudes a soft, waxy substance that hardens over time.  Used as a building material, the kepidah is one of many bioforming agents that can be programmed to create any desired structural pattern.

KE’SHOO: The second most important moral-ethical principle.  Commonly taken to mean friendship, fraternity, caring, concern for others, companionship.  Ke’shoo is the glue of the em’kel and great effort is expended on nurturing and preserving relationships, with all the intensity and enthusiasm possible.  Seomish sit in instant judgment of each other’s attitudes and emotions (easy enough to do with an echo-location sense that can penetrate the body and “read” feelings and reactions) and consider it a duty to know each other in as much detail as they can.  The affection and emotional well-being of a friend, according to the dictates of his doctrine, transcend all personal concerns, except where there is obvious conflict with Ke’lee or Shoo’kel.  Resolving these conflicts have occupied Seomish philosophers for centuries.

KE’TEEOH: The normal gatherings of the em’kel to air grievances, discuss plans, assign duties, etc.  Often loud and boisterous, even when conducted in one of the many formal argumentative disciplines (see SHKEKTOO).

KETUVISHTEK: The ritual of the globe circling, a rite of passage that confirms Seomish midlings as adults.  It occurs on or near the 20th mah birthday.  The midling must circumnavigate the world, collecting rock and plant specimens as proof and return safely before he considered fully mature enough to form his own em’kel.

KIP’T: A small, electrically powered sled, often used for transport within the kel and occasionally, for long-distance travel.  Usually enclosed, with minimal comforts.

KONG’PELU: A rigorous game, native to Eep’kos, but popular throughout Seome.  Often played by teams of twenty or more, it involves the use of long blunt poles to score and defend.  The object is to snap a weighted sack over the head of as many opponents as possible.  Used by the Eep’kostic as a form of combat training.

MAH: The basic unit of time on Seome, a year.  It lasts from the beginning of one mah’jeet migration cycle to the beginning of the next.  Comparable to about 18 Terran months.  More or less transplanted to Earth as a time-keeping system.

MEKLI: One of the Shookian priestesses, usually quartered at the Pillars of Shooki.  Although the Pillars are in Ponkti territory, the Mekli owe their allegiance to no kel.  Their stations are hereditary and so they are considered to be a separate, holy family, although not large enough to be termed a kel.  The Mekli claim to be descended from the Shkulee, an extinct species of fish that legend says Shooki created to provide the ancient Seomish with omens and portents of what was to come.  The skin of the shkulee was often marked in bright, colorful spiral patterns, which were studied for clues to the future.

MEKTOO: Usually the eldest and most sexual productive female of the largest em’kel.  The Mektoo is the Kel’em’s voice before the Metah and is often granted considerable decision-making authority in day-to-day matters.  Much of her work consists of arbitrating em’kel disputes and arguments.

METAMAH: A thousand mah, an epoch.

METAH: The eldest female of the entire kel and nominal head of the family.  Her full title is Metashooklet (The One Who Lives in God) and she is always the moral and spiritual leader of the kel.  Some Metahs involve themselves in kel politics more than others.  The Metah is considered to embody the essence of the kel and her death is a time for great mourning.

OOTKEEOR: The deep-lying thermal, sound-reflecting layer that channels messages around the world.  Repeating stations are strategically located to boost the signal as it bounces along.  Depending on conditions, sounds can travel upwards of 50 kilometers unamplified in parts of Seome.

OOTSTEK: Also known as a repeater, the ootstek form one of the most important of all em’kels.  Their work is lonely and demanding, requiring them to back up the automatic functioning of the ootkeeor.  Repeaters roam on station in the boundary waters between the kels and, when the ootkeeor is not working properly, it is their duty to listen for and repeat any and all messages that come through.  Repeaters are traditionally possessed of magnificent voices as well as acute hearing.

OPUH’TE: A whirlpool, a vortex.

OT’LUM: Also called a scentbulb.  The ot’lum is a device that captures and holds any kind of scent for periods that can extend into centuries.  A small, plastic sphere, the ot’lum carries coded olfactory information which can be used and re-used many times before losing its potency.  It is a primary means of storing information as well as a major art form.

P’TEK: (also P’TCHOOT) The unknown, the frontier, any sea that is unexplored or unmapped.

PAK’OH:A commodity agent or anyone who organizes the production of a commodity for sale.  The principal work of the pak’oh is in contracting for work done by manufacturing or service em’kels and seeing that the product or service is distributed to where it is needed.  Most Seomish industry is organized along craft lines so extra-em’kel agents are needed to bring production and consumption of goods together.  Pak’oh also organizes themselves into em’kels and it is these groups that function as rudimentary corporations.

PUL’KE:Death, the end, finality, a state or condition of no water or that same feeling.

SCENTBULB: See OT’LUM.

SHAME-BOND:The act of binding any individual to any other for the purpose of humiliating him.  Shame-bound have usually committed a serious breach of etiquette or custom, thus injuring the dignity of a person or group of persons.  It is customary for the individual who has been injured to require some humiliating task of his shame-bound, the theory being that by suffering the contempt of his peers, the offender will learn the value of proper manners and the importance of personal dignity.  Some kels frown on this practice.

SHOO’KEL: The desirable state of keeping one’s inner fluids in balance so that any pulse of you is clean and regular.  Any other state is vulgar or obscene.  This is the third great moral principle that is important to the Seomish.  A form of personal honor and dignity.  Control of excessive emotion is necessary to efficient and accurate pulsing.  Also used in a general or universal sense to mean tranquility, peace, the natural order of things, stability, etc.

SHKEKTOO: One of several argumentative disciplines employed in em’kel gatherings or even in more formal assemblies.  Rhetoric is a highly respected art on Seome and shkektoo is one of the higher and more respected forms of it.  Seomish employ these techniques of exchange for many reasons, among them are a great love for words and talk and a desire to keep all arguments and verbal confrontations within the bounds of propriety, thus preserving dignity.  In the case of shkektoo, the exchange proceeds along a line of rhetorical questions and interrogative suppositions, according to an ancient technique of particularizing from universal first principles.

SHOOKI:The Great Father, God, the Creator of the Ocean.  Also an archaic expression for clear, calm water.  Shoo’ke means literally “The Loving One.”

SH’PONT: A truncated, flat-topped seamount (guyot) often used by kels as extra storage or living space, as well as for observation, communication, and kip’t handling.  In ancient times, most kels lived underground in caves and tunnels beneath the sh’pont and as they expanded in size, gradually moved out into the open sea and built larger, free-standing cities.  However, ancestral ties to the sh’pont are still strong and the seamounts are almost always the center of life for most kels.

TEKMA:A special envoy, hired for the purpose of conveying a message of great importance.  Tekma are one of the most elite of all em’kels, and one of the most demanding.  The couriers must be of the utmost integrity and character, as they are usually entrusted with dispatches too critical to be sent by ootkeeor.  The word comes from tekmetah, meaning “Arm of the Metah.”

TEKN’EEN: The memory drug, given most often to the Metah, for the purpose of improving and enhancing her recall of facts.  Extracted from the blood of the k’orpuh.

THOUGHT-BOND: The act of mentally binding two minds so that thought may be shared.  Attitudes about this vary among the kels.

T’ING: A valuable, coral-like material that is native to the waters of Sk’ort.  Useful as an electrical material and as decorative ornamentation.

TONKRO: An 8-player Omtorish game that involves the assembly of a complicated, open-frame pyramid structure in as short a time as possible.

T’SHOO:The feel of water flowing across one’s skin; a kind of ecstasy.

TUK: The Ponkti martial dance believed to have originated in the days before spoken language, as a means of telling stories and teaching children.  Over the ages, it has become stylized and ritualized into both an art and a combat discipline, as well as a sport.  It consists of an exceedingly complex series of body movements, including kicks, tail whips and punches, that must be performed from memory in exactly the right sequence, with grace and style, in order to win.

TU’LE: The practice (from the word metor’tule) of doing favors and giving extravagant gifts to friends and guests.  Discretion, taste and expense are the canons of judgment in these ritual gestures of affection and indulgence.  The root word means “frenzied waters.”

URKU: Of or pertaining to Earth.

VIK’T: A verb form meaning “to go against the current.”

VISH:  A verb form meaning “to go with the current.”

VISHTU:One of the oldest customs of the Seomish, the vishtu or companionship roam, is very much in the traditions of Ke’shoo and typically involves two people although there is no set number.  Roams can last anywhere from a few minutes to a few days, even longer, with the average being a few hours.  Debate and talk is usually discouraged during the roam in order to let the physical beauty of the landscape work its magic.  Often a prelude to some intense, emotionally draining activity, such as sexual intercourse, the fine points and protocol of a roam are learned by Seomish at an early age.

Key Words Denoting Important Water Conditions

EEKOOT’ORKELTE: Water of minimum pressure for life

EET’ORKELTE:  Water with salt content too low for comfort or safety

LITOR’KEL:  Calm water, usually temperate

MEETOR’KEL: Water of rough, mixing currents, but good visibility

M’TKELTE:  Rough, mixing water with poor visibility

MUH’PULTE: Water infested with mah’jeet.  Also called M’JEET.

OM’ORKEL: Water of moderate turbidity, otherwise calm

ONK’KELTE: Water with salt content too high for comfort or safety

P’OMORTE: Water of high turbidity

P’RHUMORKEL: Water of moderate turbulence

ROT’OOT’ORKELTE: Water under extremely high pressure

SHOO’KEL: Clear, calm water (archaic form)

SKOR’KELTE: Fiery hot but calm water

TCHOR’KELTE: Ice cold, numbing but calm water

VISHM’TEL: Smoothly flowing, fast current

UR’MEETOR’KEL: Urku Seomish name for the Gulf Stream


NOTE:  All of these words can be modified to indicate Earth-equivalent conditions by adding the prefix “Ur” or “Urk.”  Example:  Ur’shoo’kel would denote calm, clear water in an Earth ocean.
Following is an excerpt from Philip Bosshardt’s upcoming novel, a sequel to The Farpool: Plague.  It’s called The Farpool: Diaspora and the entire story will be available at Smashwords.com and other fine ebook retailers in early winter 2022.   Take a peek….

Chapter Excerpt

Aboard Europa Clipper
Jupiter Orbit Insertion
January 5, 2210 (Earth U.T.)

Three days and a handful of hours after arriving in Jupiter orbit through the Atlantic Farpool, Europa Clipper had put in at Gateway Station for some light maintenance work and re-provisioning.  Alicia Wu and Evgeni Kotlas were sitting at a table in the ship’s crew’s mess, nursing a few beers.  Kotlas fiddled with the gain on the main viewer to bring Jupiter into full resolution.  
“Looks like a fuzzy beach ball,” Wu said.   “With hair—“
Kotlas pronounced himself satisfied with the view.  “Yeah, a beach ball with enough radiation to fry your pretty little brain in about two seconds.”
“You’re assuming I have a brain…I checked mine at the recruiting station when I signed up for Farpool school.”
It was a salmon-hued world, mottled and banded with oranges, reds, browns and ambers, a cauldron of clouds, storms and majestic seething turbulence.  Alternating strips of light and dark wrapped the planet in a calico shroud and several small red spots boiled away in the north tropical zone, companions to the Great Red Spot in the south, a centuries-old hurricane churning since the time of Cromwell and King Charles.
“Ten seconds to separation,” Sonora called.  The captain scanned her boards and instruments, pronounced herself satisfied with what she saw.  Europa Clipper was docked at the forward nose port of Gateway Station, a giant sausage stuck on a plate, secured to a kebab skewer, as Alicia Wu had termed it.  
“Three…two…one…separating now—“
There was a gentle shudder and the sound of capture latches releasing.  Sonora pulsed Clipper’s aft thrusters and the ship backed off at a stately pace, eventually settling into a co-orbiting position several thousand meters from the Station.
Below them, Europa turned like a cracked golf ball, dimpled, rutted with deep ice canyons and odd brown streaks.  As Clipper backed away, the huge banded disk of Jupiter itself poked over the Europan horizon, at a crazy angle.  The moon was in a three-and-a-half-day orbit about the giant planet, averaging three quarters of a million kilometers above her cloud tops, bathed in hard radiation.
Miriam Sonora was glad Clipper and Gateway both maintained active rad defensive shielding and emitters.  Otherwise, they would have all been fried to cinders days ago.

For several days after departing Gateway, Europa Clipper coursed through the Jovian skies in a steeply inclined orbit, skirting the shoals and reefs of her radiation belts, until at last they found the first of several holes in the sheath of charged particles.  Captain Sonora passed the word to all hands that the ship was about to begin a series of maneuvers which would end up bringing them into orbit around Europa.   Clipper dropped to a lower orbit through the first of these holes, like navigating a minefield in a wartime harbor.
After a few days had passed, the ship settled into orbit half a million kilometers above the cloud tops.  By now, the planet filled nearly a third of the sky and hundreds of frothing spicules and cells of gas swept by beneath them.  The speed of its rotation flattened Jupiter at the poles and widened it to a bulge at the equator.  Ferocious winds resulted and they smeared the columns of gas into all sorts of grotesque and beautiful shapes.  Wu and the rest of the crew that came by the crew’s mess watched the scenery below for hours at a time.  Wu found herself transfixed by the ever-shifting palette of colors and shapes.  She could well imagine the planet’s visible face as a giant’s palette, where Nature worked as the artist to create an ever-changing panorama of colors, forms and brush strokes.
In time, Clipper made her way into orbit about Europa.  Clipper’s pilot, Reynaldo Diaz, joined some of the crew in the mess compartment, as the cracked billiard-ball of a world turned slowly below them.  
“Gives me the creeps,” Casey Winans said.  She shuddered involuntarily and sucked at her drink.
“All those cracks are seams in the ice plates,” Belket klu kel: Om’t marveled.  “And to think that’s where we’re going, right into one of those seams.”
“And below—“ added Sonora.  She decided it was time to finish up their final briefings and get ready for the landing.  “All right, boys and girls, all hands lay aft to the Service deck.  I want to go over last-minute details before we head down.”
The briefing lasted half an hour.

“De-orbit burn in five seconds,” Sonora announced.  “This will be quite a kick in the pants.”
She took a peek out the nearest porthole.  Two hundred kilometers below, the surface of Europa looked dingy gray white, wrapped in dark lines and crevasses like a ball of yarn, oddly smooth in general appearance but definitely textured and shadowed in bizarre, even menacing ways.  
“…three…two…one…engine arm—“  
Clipper shook and shuddered like a wet dog, as her engines lit off, slowing her down for a steep descent toward the surface.  The ship was attached to a landing platform that contained her descent and ascent engines and provided a stable base to set her down on just about any surface.    If all went well, the assembly would make landfall at a site 168 degrees west by 42 degrees north, near the end of a meandering dark reddish-brown chasm called Minos Linea, in a territory known to the astros as Falga Regio.  
From there, Clipper would trundle off the platform onto the surface and begin boring her way downward, toward the subsurface ocean said to be about thirty kilometers below.  Once submerged, she would head east by southeast, to begin her survey and mapping expedition in a region known on the maps as Rathmore Chaos.
Aptly named, thought Sonora, as she eyed the surface coming up fast through the porthole.  
Sonora and Reynaldo Diaz were busy with the landing, calling out waypoints and targets with cool efficiency.  
“Two hundred meters,” said Diaz, his voice crackling with a slight tremor of excitement.  “One eighty…coming down at ten, drifting to the right…five forward…now five forward….”
Clipper had cut her forward velocity almost to zero and was now descending almost straight down.  Outside the porthole, the linear vent opening that was their landing zone loomed larger and larger, a seam of streaked warmer ice separating two churning ice rafts, dozens of kilometers square.  Sonora watched the ground coming up fast.  If she closed her eyes, she could almost imagine herself on a ski lift at Breckinridge, Colorado, coming down the slope toward the lodge.
“One hundred meters…three forward, on target, throttling down ten percent…fuel is good…looking good, Captain—“
Sonora worked the controls and gently stabilized Clipper as she dropped closer and closer.  Europa’s gravity was about a tenth of Earth’s, so movement in and around the surface would be no problem.  Beyond the porthole, Sonora could see the surface rising higher and higher in her view…rugged boulders and icescapes tumbled all over like some giant kid’s play toys.
“—contact light…okay, engine stop…that’s it, Captain!  You did it!”
Clipper settled onto the surface with a last-minute lurch and suddenly, everything went silent.  
“We’re down,” Sonora announced.  “I’m reading off target by about twelve meters…not too bad for an old cycler captain.”
Europa gave them a fantastic vista outside the portholes.  The sky was black, mostly filled by the lopsided half-crescent of Jupiter itself, the banded, striated giant filling nearly a quarter of the sky.  Deep shadows accentuated the chasms and gouges along the top of the ice surface, which was a blocky, jumbled mess of frozen forms and shapes.  
“Looks like an ocean frozen in time, Skipper,” said Evgeni Kotlas, craning his neck to see.  “Waves washing up on a beach, then zap!  Freeze it right there.”
“You’re not far wrong,” Sonora said.  
Sonora scanned her controls and instruments.  “Outside temp is about a hundred degrees Kelvin…that’s about minus two eighty Fahrenheit, boys and girls.  Just another beautiful day in the neighborhood…let’s get going.”
The crew unstrapped and set to work preparing Clipper to leave her landing platform.  After half an hour, Sonora recalled everybody to their seats.  
“I’m firing the capture latches now,” she announced.  A loud series of staccato bangs reverberated through Clipper’s hull.  No longer secured to the top of the platform, the borer submersible was free to move out on her own.  
“Engage treads,” Sonora ordered.
Diaz flipped several switches.  Clipper’s treads, three longitudinal tracks mounted circumferentially around her waist, spun up.  A low frequency vibration could be felt throughout the ship.  The submersible was coming alive.
“Drop the clutch,” Sonora said.  Diaz complied.  Clipper lurched forward, grinding against her restraints.  “We’re underway on treads.”
The giant sausage began crawling off its plate.  Sonora worked her steering through a tiny joystick at the center console, nudging it forward.  Clipper’s nose dipped as she dropped onto the ramp and trundled like a fat pig down onto the surface of Europa.  
“I’ll drive off about five hundred meters and set up for boring,” Sonora told them.  She twisted the joystick and fought the rough surface as Clipper ambled forward, rocking against boulders and tilted ice cliffs.  “I don’t want to start boring too close to the lander.  We’ll need the platform to get off this big ice cube.”
A ten-minute drive brought them rocking and bouncing to a small ledge, overlooking a narrow chasm, filled with darker ice.  Sonora braked to a halt and edged over the lip of the chasm, pointing the nose of the submersible toward the chasm floor.  Reynaldo Diaz sounded the surface with radar, and pronounced the ravine approachable.
“Temps reading twenty degrees warmer…ice may be thinner here too.  Recommending we breach here, Captain.”
Sonora agreed.  She parked the sub perched on the edge of the chasm.  “Let’s get the borer set up.  Alicia, if you please—“
Sonora unstrapped and headed with Alicia Wu, the borer operator, forward through the central gangway to A deck, where the borer and containment systems were located.  Once released from containment, the borer lens would be filled with uncountable gazillions of nanobots, optimized for disassembling solid-phase structures…like ice.  
Clipper would literally chew her way through Europa’s ice crust to the subsurface ocean thirty kilometers below them.
Inside A deck, Wu worked at the borer controls, prepping the bots for release.  Sonora helped her with configuration management.  
“This should only take a few minutes,” Sonora was saying.  “These bugs are optimized for speed of disassembly.  They like to eat things…like ice.”
“Master config loaded and verified,” Wu’s fingers flew over the keyboard.  
“I’m cycling the capture port…coming open now….”  Through the vid screen, the lens and parabolic emitter at the nose of Clipper became hazy with a blue-white glow, an incandescent glow as bots flowed out of containment, stripped atoms and began building the borer lens.  When stable and fully formed, the lens would be a hemispherical swarm of disassembly nanobots, blue-white hot from bond breaking, the teeth of the whole array.  Clipper would lower herself to the ice and the borer would chew a path through…thirty kilometers through, if the thing worked properly.
“Lens forming up—“ Sonora studied the seething globe of fire that formed at the front of the submersible.  “Looks steady, config is stable, normal bond energy levels, just a little edge effects, from what I see.  The tunnel may be a little ragged at first, but the dimensions look good from here.”
“I concur,” Wu said.  
“I’m setting us down on the ice now—“ Diaz called up to the compartment.
Sonora flipped a few switches and Clipper’s treads folded, lowering her nose to the ice.  At the same time, the borer lens began slicing into the surface, its swarm of bots snapping bonds and obliterating atoms like a hot knife through butter.  The entire front end of the sub was soon bathed in the blue-white glow.  Slowly, imperceptibly at first, Clipper slid forward, her nose inclining down at an angle.  In moments, as the borer chewed into the ice, the sub began sinking lower and lower, until her portholes were below the surface and covered with the dingy gray murk that was Europa’s icy crust.  A faint vibration could be felt throughout the hull and slight groans from her outer skin flexing could be heard.
In less than five minutes, Clipper was fully below the surface, melting and boring her way through the ice, sliding ever so slowly down a tunnel of her own making.
Europa Clipper was underway in earnest now.  If all went well, the trip through the ice crust to Europa’s subterranean ocean would take nearly thirty hours.  
Sonora stayed on A deck for a while longer, just to monitor boring operations and see that Clipper was on course, nose down at a twenty-five-degree angle and on a heading that would take her to an emergence point some three thousand kilometers from the farthest extent of her survey expedition.  After emerging from the underside of the ice, Clipper would be in her true element, operating as a submarine at a depth of five hundred meters below the bottom of the ice, some thirty-two kilometers below the surface of the moon.
Then the real mission would begin.

Her mission was survey and exploration, for UNISPACE and Farpool Service believed that Europa might be a suitable settlement site for Earthborn Amphibs.  It had an ice surface and a sub-ice ocean.  On Earth, conflict had only gotten worse between humans and Amphibs and Seomish.  Many humans had emigrated off Earth to other places around the solar system.  But there were voices in the Sea Council, among them Ponkti, that wanted to keep airbreathers away from ocean worlds like Europa and Enceladus too, and preserve them for Sea People and Amphibs.
Thus, Clipper’s mission had been approved.
Europa Clipper was cruising serenely at thirty knots, in level trim, when the first alarm sounded.  Captain Sonora had been lightly dozing on the command deck, dreaming of girlhood and rocket-hopping across the Sea of Tranquility with Ralphie and Archie and the others.  She was just about to win the race when an insistent beeping awakened her from her slumber.
She realized as she startled herself awake that it was the sonar alarm.  Clipper had detected something ahead, something big from the looks of it.  Auto-helm was engaged and she had already begun slowing.
Sonora came fully awake and rubbed her eyes.  She studied the sonar plot.  Whatever it was, it was a large object, some ten thousand meters dead ahead.   
What the hell?  She decided to call the pilot, Reynaldo Diaz, up to take a look.
“Pilot to the command deck…Pilot to the command deck at once….”
Sonora disengaged autohelm and took the controls herself, slowing the ship to a crawl.  She didn’t want to run Clipper into something this big without studying it first.
Reynaldo Diaz’s head popped into the compartment a few moments later.
“What gives, Captain?”
“Take a look at the plot.”
Diaz slid into the second seat and studied the sonar return.  “It’s in motion.  Looks like it’s maneuvering.  That can’t be…ice bergs don’t maneuver.  I think it’s a ship.”
“Another ship?  Down here…no way.”
“I don’t think it’s a berg,” Diaz said.  
Slowly, Clipper closed on her target, dead ahead.   The subsurface ocean below Europa’s ice surface was completely devoid of light, black as night.  But the returns from Clipper’s sonar indicated that the object was indeed maneuvering, matching every move Clipper made.  And steadily closing.
Eventually, Sonora brought them to a complete stop, five hundred meters away.  The sonar target continued to approach, though more slowly.
Sonora and Diaz eyed the sonar display warily and discussed their options.
About the Author

Philip Bosshardt is a native of Atlanta, Georgia.  Now retired, for 23 years he worked for a large company that makes products everyone uses…just check out the drinks aisle at your grocery store. He’s been happily married for over 30 years.   He’s also a Georgia Tech graduate in Industrial Engineering.  He loves water sports in any form and swims 3 miles a week in anything resembling water.  He and his wife have no children.  They do, however, have one terribly spoiled Pekingese dog named Chance.
For technical and background details on his series Tales of the Quantum Corps, Quantum Troopers and Quantum Troopers Return, visit his blog Quantum Corps Times at http://qcorpstimes.blogspot.com.  For details on other books in this and other series, visit his website at http://philbosshardt.wix.com/philip-bosshardt or learn about other books by Philip Bosshardt by visiting www.smashwords.com. 
To get a peek at Philip Bosshardt’s notes and the backstory on how The Farpool Stories were created, recent reviews, excerpts from his upcoming novel The Farpool: Diaspora (due out in winter 2022) and general updates on the writing life, visit his blog The Word Shed at: http://thewdshed.blogspot.com.
