The Girl with the Flying Saucer Eyes

By

Shaun Whittington

Smashwords Edition

Copyright 2017

This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This e-book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.

The author uses UK English.

facebook
The Girl with the Flying Saucer Eyes
Introduction

To say that this had been a terrible year would be an understatement. As I'm writing/typing this, in a new place, it is now the middle of December, six months after the announcement that the world that I took for granted was going to the shitter, and also six months since I'd seen my family. It had also been a few weeks since I had left the family home for good. It’s when I arrived at this new place, I decided to put my thoughts down on paper.
When the announcement was made, on June 9th, it was fair to say that it had taken a while for me to realise that this was not a joke. I still remember the day, or should I say … evening, when it was announced. It was a sunny evening, around six, and the media had announced that we were all fucked—granted, not their exact words, otherwise that’d be very unprofessional. Could you imagine Stephen Dixon on SKY News or Trevor MacDonald saying such a thing? 
With two weeks of riots and attacks in the UK, it had been coming, but I still never saw it, and neither did anybody else. Good old denial. Everybody was in denial. As Mark Twain once said: Denial ain't just a river in Egypt.
On the evening of the announcement, after hopping channels and glaring at the TV in disbelief for just under an hour, I received a call from the wife. She wasn’t hysterical; she was quite calm about what was going on. 
She had gone out for the day, with her mum and the two kids, to a play-park that was four miles away. She told me in little detail that there had been some attacks and they were laying low for a while. She said that there had been some 'activity' in the play-park and news had spread at what was occurring. She had managed to get the kids in the car and was held up in a hotel.
I did mention that I would come and get them, but she begged … no, that's not correct, she said in no uncertain terms that she would not appreciate it if I attempted such a thing. Well, it was more like: “Don't be such a shagwit. You'd be dead within the first mile. And what am I going to tell the kids then, eh?” 
She had a point.
I tried to phone my own parents and sister who lived four hundred miles away, but had no luck. I tried my father-in-law, but then remembered that he was working. He was a panel beater and worked in a garage in the east end. I then tried to phone the wife's brothers. Two of them stayed local, and the other one stayed in Livingston, and all had families but I tried nonetheless. I wanted to see if they were okay.
No answer, even Facebook was a waste of time. 
In desperation, I went outside and knocked the door of one of my neighbour's house. 
No answer. 
I knew they were in; I saw some curtains twitching from the bedroom window above, but fear was keeping them indoors. At least, that's what I thought. 
I stayed in touch with the wife using skype, phoning and texts. She seemed in good spirits and was so brave that it made my heart melt, and even the kids seemed calm being stuck in that hotel. She said that she had met up with two guys and were leaving the hotel and going somewhere else, but she never stated where. 
The contact didn't last long. I assumed her battery had died, and two weeks later so did the country's power. 
In short, I had been on my own for the last six months, unsure whether my family were alive or…  Even after all the time that had passed, I still believed that I'd see them again one day. They knew where I was. I kept on telling myself: When they’re ready, when they're safe, they’ll come back to me. Back home. 
I hoped. 
In the beginning, in June, leaving my house in Longdon was always a definite no-no for me. The only time I was going to leave, I told myself, was when I had become short of supplies. Unfortunately, that time had come. 
Okay, so you're wondering how the hell I survived this long, for six months.
If you knew my wife, then you’d understand. 
Friday evening was always her day for shopping, and when she shopped, she filled the fridge and freezer. And more. She would always buy extra crisps, breakfast bars, etc., if they were going on sale. The additional food would then be put in a cupboard in the bathroom, under the stairs. To clear up any confusion to you readers, I had two bathrooms, one on each floor. The bathroom with the cupboard that I had just mentioned is on my ground floor.
Anyway, when the apocalypse was announced I was so worried for my missing family that I didn’t eat for the first couple of days. And whilst I wasn't eating, heart-breaking phone calls and Facetiming—is that actually a word?—were taking place. 
When the news sank in, and that took a while, you do what they tell you on the news: You fill every bucket you have, you fill the bath and sinks, knowing that water, power … and everything else we all took for granted, could be no more. 
After many months, it came to the point that I was pretty short on food. Water was almost done, and I had to shit in a bucket. Lovely, eh? 
In the first week, I used the buckets of water up first, knowing that the toilet would eventually stop flushing, and once they were empty … well, you can guess the rest. Curling one out became an uncomfortable time of the day. With dehydration, those chocolate hostages were getting harder—quite literally—to evacuate from my back passage.
Unfortunately, I didn’t have the luxury of having solar power. In fact, not one house in my street had solar power. There were a lot of places in the area that had the panels on their roof, but I'm kind of glad that I didn’t have them now, to be perfectly honest, as the solar panels, especially back in the early weeks of the disaster, would attract trouble from desperados and thugs, I always thought. A house that ran on solar power would be more appealing to thugs, and as far as outsiders were concerned, nobody lived in my house anymore and there was nothing to steal. 
So far, I’d been left alone. I didn’t know whether it was because my house blended in with the rest of them in my street and it looked abandoned, or there were no people left in the area. Fled or dead? I didn’t know.
I wasn’t looking forward to going out, although I did miss fresh air, but supplies were desperately low. It was humid for that time of the month, and if I ever did get cold, I’d stick on a coat or a dressing gown. 
That was another problem. 
Clothing didn’t get washed anymore, and neither did I. The smell was pretty bad, but the body odour I got used to, and the clothing in my cupboard looked reasonably healthy. It was probably because I spent most of my time in my pyjamas and dressing gown. 
Apart from the anguish of my family missing, another thing that was killing me mentally was the boredom. I talked to myself a lot, and one of the hardest things over the months was stopping myself from stuffing my face with food due to the monotony. Rationing the food was the reason why I had managed to last so long without leaving the house, but by the beginning of December the time had finally come. 
I was still sticking to my theory of not moving, unless I really was starving to death, but I knew I was going to have to get off my arse, even if it meant checking out what the neighbours had to offer. I always used to argue with myself. Some days I was positive and thought my family were alive, other days I used to think: Maybe I’m kidding myself on. Maybe they are dead. I have to believe that they are not.
Six months away from home was a long time. Staying strong and positive was easier said than done. As the weeks ticked by, the less confident I was becoming.
TWO WEEKS AGO

THE FIRST WEEK OF DECEMBER

PART ONE 
Chapter One

Like most days, I walked around the empty house, curtains drawn, as they had been for the last six months, and did what I did most days. I talked to myself, pretending I was having a conversation with the wife, then pulled out a board game and pretended to play with the kids. Their favourite board game was Game of Life. Although, when they were around they were more into their game consoles and would have to be dragged away from them after a couple of hours. Thomas was my eldest. Ten years old. My beautiful daughter, Poppy, was just 18 months behind him.
The wife and I used to call our son our ‘specially wecially’ man. We had to wait five years for him. After failed courses of artificial insemination, we had two turns at IVF, and that was it. Adoption was the next phase. 
I sat on the couch in my musty-smelling living room, and did what I had been doing every day. I began to think of the past. The IVF story was the one that plagued my mind on this particular day.
The first session had been completed at the Victoria Hospital. I had given a sample, the sample had been ‘cleansed’ and it was time to put my poor wife on her back, legs in stirrups, ready to be ‘worked’ on. We were both told that after a few weeks that we should call the hospital at 1pm—we were given a specific date—and would be told over the phone whether the procedure had been successful or not. 
When the day arrived, I did what I did every day during the week: I went to work. I told the wife that whatever the outcome of the result, not to phone me at work. I didn’t want to spend the afternoon miserable and depressed if the outcome was negative, or be high as a kite if it was positive. 
It was the longest afternoon of my life.
The hours were like days, and once I finally left work at 5:30pm and caught the bus home some minutes later, I began to feel positive. I went into the house with hesitant feet, popped my head into the living room and asked, “Well?”
The wife was in tears. But these weren’t tears of joy. 
I didn’t know what to do, so I sat next to her and we both cried for a few minutes. Once we both managed to compose ourselves, I decided to go to the gym for a run, whilst she told me that she had housework to do. When I returned from the gym she was drunk. Half a bottle of Jim Beam sat next to her feet. To cut a very long story short, the second procedure worked and my second, Poppy, came naturally. 
Once I snapped out of my daydreaming, a smile emerged on my face. I was still sad that they weren’t around, but I hadn’t cried in weeks. I don’t know why.
I stood to my feet, wearing what I usually did: Brown leather mocks on my feet, boxer shorts and my dressing gown. 
I went to the kitchen cupboard and grabbed myself a breakfast bar. Whilst munching the bar, I walked into my old living room to gape at myself in the mirror. I had two living rooms because the house was extended years ago. My hair was quite short. A month ago I decided to shave my hair off with my clippers. The batteries were dying by the time I had finished.
I was going grey at the sides of my hair. Not surprising, considering what was happening. My face had aged, and I had managed to keep the hair off of my face for months with my battery-powered razor, but I now had a full beard, with grey bits on either side of the chin area. My eyebrows were thick and if left unattended, a mono-brow would develop; so on the odd occasion the wife’s tweezers would come out. 
I sighed as I continued to look in the mirror. 
It was time to pull myself together, put some decent clothes on and finally go out and see what was available. I was dreading this day. I knew it’d come, but I was still dreading it.
If I couldn’t find any more food in the street, I would have to leave or starve to death. The trouble with leaving was that there was a small chance that my family could return to an empty house.
I needed to try my neighbours first. 
The houses in my street were in blocks of eight. My house was at the end of the block, called an end terrace. My neighbour’s house to my left was the start of another one. My neighbours to my right were attached to ourselves, so whenever a row would break out, in the past, we’d be able to hear it through our walls.
My neighbours to my left had fled in the first week. I remember watching them with my teary eyes, packing up the car, putting bags of food in the boot. I had no idea where they were going. Maybe somewhere safer. A relative? I didn’t know them that well to know if they had any sons or daughters.
I decided to check on my neighbours to my right. My street was empty, it had been empty for a while, but I was too scared to go round the front way. I decided to go the back way, over the fence. I was kind of hoping they had fled and had left some food behind, but I wasn’t holding out much hope. 
I needed to try something. If there was no success with my close neighbours, I had a few more from my block to try. A woman and her twenty-something son stayed two doors down, and an elderly woman called Rena stayed at the next one. I didn’t know the rest of the locals. It was worth a try. 
Before going out, I had a drink from the disgusting-tasting water from my bath—there wasn’t much left—and went upstairs to my bedroom. I opened the cupboard and pulled out a red Puma T-shirt that I used to wear for the gym, and then I put on a pair of blue jeans and a pair of black socks. I went back downstairs and for some bizarre reason I checked my breath. It was bad. I hadn’t brushed my teeth in weeks and my breath stunk like a tramp’s cock.
I galloped down the stairs and went into my new living room that looked out onto my back garden, and grabbed a pair of cheap white trainers. The room, like all of the rooms, were dull. The patio door in my new living room led out onto decking, onto my back garden. The patio doors were covered by a roller blind that was fully down, touching the living room floor. I had pulled it down on the first weekend of the disaster and it hadn’t been touched since. This was going to be my first time that I’d be leaving my premises. 
Was I nervous? 
Yes, I was shitting a brick, and I was sweating like a bastard pig in a slaughterhouse.
Chapter Two

For the first time in a long time, I pulled up the roller blind in my new living room, allowing light to spill in. I gazed out. It was a sunny day, not too warm. My conniver tree was standing proudly in full bloom, and the overgrown lawn was to my left. My decking took up half of the garden and went up to the patio doors, so once you step outside you’re straight on the decking.
I unlocked the patio door, slowly slid it open and took one step outside. It felt wonderful to feel the wind lick my face and the outside was so quiet. I never had experienced it to be this quiet before. In the old world, even on a night, you’d hear the occasional voice, a dog barking, a siren, a helicopter in the distance, but now … nothing. 
I shut the patio door behind me. I never took the keys. I thought it was highly unlikely that someone would break into the house.
“Shit,” I muttered. I realised that I had left the house with no weapon. 
I was hoping that I wouldn’t need one, but I thought: Better to have one and not need it, rather than needing one and not have it. I went back inside and grabbed a steak knife from the wooden block in the kitchen, then returned to the garden.
With my feet back on the decking, I strolled towards the six-foot fence that separated the neighbour’s garden and mine. I then peered over and saw that it was just how it used to be, with the exception of the abandoned lawn. In fact, most of the back gardens that my eyes could see looked … well, normal.
You would never have thought that the infection had hit my street. There was no sign of bodies or body parts, blood, or any signs of accidents. It was just … peaceful. 
What they showed on the TV, in the first week, was bloody carnage that you would only see in a Hollywood horror film. In the first week, I locked up, barricaded, drew all the curtains and slept in the attic. As time progressed, I became a little more relaxed. I know that sounds crazy, but my worry for the safety of my family was more of a concern.
Eventually, I started sleeping on the leather sofa in the new living room, near my patio doors, and I took down the barricade as I thought it was pointless. If these things wanted to get in, they’d get in. Despite this, I kept the curtains still drawn and the doors locked. 
Once I was over the neighbour’s fence, I was now facing their back door. It was mainly thick glass and it looked solid. I knocked on the door with little hesitation. I don’t know why. Maybe I was scared being outdoors for the first time and just wanted to be inside. There was no answer, but I was reluctant to break in. 
I picked up some gravel at the side of the house and threw it at the bedroom window above me. I knew that the parents’ bedroom was at the other side of the house, facing the front. I didn’t want to go to the front. I wasn’t brave enough to go out onto my street and be exposed. Not yet. 
I noticed that the curtains were drawn and was convinced they were inside, as their jeep was still sitting outside their house. I threw more gravel and shook my head, almost raising a smile. I thought: If I did this over six months ago, I would have been arrested. The bedroom belonged to their eldest daughter, Jennifer. She was eleven. I tried once more, and then tried to think of something else. 
I took a few steps back and noticed that they had a skylight the same as ours, which meant they had an attic. I think every house in the street had an attic.
I remember saying to myself, softly, “If I go into my attic, walk over my roof to their skylight and break through, I wouldn’t be leaving them exposed. Their house would just be a bit draughty, that’s all.” 
I climbed back over the fence, into my garden, then slid open my patio door. I took another look around at the empty and eerie back gardens before going inside and locking the patio door behind me. I walked to the first floor, checking that I still had my knife in my back pocket. I went into Poppy’s room, where the hatch to the attic was situated, and went up the ladders that had been already pulled down months ago. I reached the attic and headed for my skylight, opened it, and became apprehensive about walking on the roof. It would only be a short journey to the next skylight, but I had no idea how dangerous it would be. 
Were the tiles loose? Would my feet slip?
Only one way to find out. 

*

I climbed out with ease and stood on my roof with unsteady feet. My ears were greeted with quiet.
I looked up and could see where I needed to be: The spine of the roof. It cost me and the wife three grand to get the roof re-tiled a few months ago, and here I was standing all over it, some of the tiles moving as I made my way up.
Once I reached the top, I clung onto the chimney for dear life and had a look around the area. I imagined that in the first week there would have been smoke billowing in the distance, alarms—both car and house—going off, the occasional scream and maybe even sirens. Now it was peaceful, but eerie at the same time.
“Right, no falling off now,” I said under my breath. “And don’t look down.”
My feet slid forwards, one-by-one, paranoid to lift themselves up in case I slipped and tumbled downwards. I had a feeling, especially with the hospitals not in use anymore, that tumbling over the side and landing on my decking would not be advisable. Breaking a leg, or anything else for that matter, would be a massive disadvantage that I could have done without.
Carefully, I managed to get to the neighbour’s roof. Their skylight was yards away when I felt my right foot slip. I managed to keep my balance, but my bowels had loosened and my heart galloped so hard that I could feel it repeatedly punch the inside of my chest as if it wanted out. I took in a deep breath and felt the world spin. I panicked for a second, thinking I was going to pass out, but managed to regain my composure. I began to shuffle forwards once more and stopped when I reached the window. I looked in and could see that their attic was the same as mine. It was a mess and was used as storage, rather than being converted into another room. 
I tried the skylight and realised that it was locked and I hadn’t brought anything to break the glass.
“You stupid cockwomble,” I reprimanded myself.
I thought about putting it through with my foot, but was worried in case I fell through or cut opened my leg with a shard of glass. I looked round, not wanting to go all the way back to my place to get a heavy object, and then released a small chortle to myself. 
I bent down and grabbed a tile and hit the glass three times before it cracked. Some glass broke and fell to the attic floor, but there wasn’t sufficient space for me to squeeze through without getting sliced. I reached my arm in, trying to find a latch of some sort. I managed to get a hold of something and gave it a tug; the window lifted and I managed to push the whole thing open. I assessed the skylight and was certain that I could now get through without hurting myself. I climbed in, feeling the handle of my knife in my back pocket, and managed to drop through.
I hit the floor with a thud. I was still sure that they were in, but I was coming to the conclusion that they may have taken their lives. I wouldn’t be able to be sure until I reached the first floor where the bedrooms were. 
Walking over to the hatch, with careful feet, I pulled on the latch and released it. The latch opened and the stepladders slowly descended and hit the floor of the bedroom that was below me. 
Now what?
I wanted to see if there was food, water, even batteries for a radio or a torch, but I didn’t want to die looking for these supplies. Maybe they hadn’t killed themselves.
Maybe they had … turned.
I was getting myself worked up whilst stepping down the ladders. Was I doing the right thing? But I couldn’t starve to death. I had had it easy so far. I was pretty sure that some survivors out there had killed these things, but I hid away for months and had managed to survive so far without getting my hands dirty.
I opened the bedroom door as slow as a door could be opened and peered out onto the landing. It was clear, but I could see that there were another two bedrooms to check before I could assume that the first floor was safe.
I was so scared that my tummy began to make strange noises and I thought I was going to cake my already dirty underwear. I was once told that it was okay to be scared. If you’re scared, then that meant you was about to do something very brave. 
I went across the landing, wearing the same attire I’d wear if I was going to the gym, and peered down to see no activity. I looked back at the two bedrooms that had their doors closed and wondered if checking them out was worthy of my time. From what I had read on my phone and saw on the TV in the first week or so, these creatures were unable to climb stairs, open doors, run … amongst many other things that we humans take for granted.
Even though my main goal was to check the ground floor and see what was in the kitchen, I checked the bedrooms anyway and could see that both looked immaculate. Maybe they had left, I thought. But why was their vehicle outside?
I made my way downstairs, but paused after just taking the fourth step. I thought I heard something. I was unsure whether to call out or not. If I did, then it could attract some of those freaks. I’d have plenty of time to escape, but if there were humans in there, my neighbours, and I didn’t call out, I could get my face smashed in. 
I decided to call out by saying a few hellos. 
Nothing.
“Fuck it.”
I made it to the ground floor and could see the set-up was similar to mine, however, my house was bigger because of the extension that it had a few years ago. I was facing the small hall and had the living room to my left, bathroom to my right, and the kitchen was straight ahead. I tried the kitchen first and popped my head in. It was clear. I noticed that there were plenty of carrier bags behind the kitchen door, so if there were supplies I’d be able to make a few journeys back home with bags full of stuff. But I needed to check the living room before doing this. 
I opened the door and the smell hit me with a slap. I stepped into the room, with my hand over my nose, and remembered gasping when I clocked the four bodies slumped on the couch and the horrendous sound of buzzing flies. 
I was never close with my neighbours; we all seemed to keep ourselves to ourselves, but this scene produced a huge lump in my throat and reduced me to tears for the first time in ages. 
For a few minutes I hopelessly tried to fight back my tears, but I was fighting a losing battle. I wasn’t naïve; after six months of this shit I was aware that some families had gone through this ordeal. Some had decided to die, rather than try and survive the new world. I got that. I could understand why they did it. Die peacefully, or live the rest of your short life in fear, scrapping for food and water? Maybe if my family were with me, we would have went down that route. I’ve thought about killing myself all the time, but stayed alive in case there was a small chance that they’d come back. As every month went by hope was fading.
I looked at the poor decaying family for a short time. Flies surrounded the room and their bodies. I had no idea where these horrible bastards came from. The father, mother and two girls were slumped together, so at least that was something, and the two packets of painkillers on the floor told me that they went as peacefully as they could. It must have been a heart-breaking few moments for the parents, I thought to myself.
“Poor bastards.”
I don’t know why, but I tried to imagine what their last minutes were like.
Obviously the kids had to be drugged first. That must have been difficult. Then once the kids had died there was no going back for the parents. 
Feeling the contents of my stomach rising, I wafted away some of the flies that were hitting my face and decided to leave the room and shut the door behind me. I went to go upstairs, tears still in my eyes, and suddenly remembered why I was there. I needed food.
I went into the kitchen and took a couple of carrier bags from behind the door, confident that there would be something for me. If the family had killed themselves in the first days then there should be something. I opened the now defunct fridge and could see nothing of use, only out of date garnishes and some mouldy grapes. 
I shut the fridge door, hoping that looking in the cupboards would be more rewarding. They weren’t as packed with goods as I’d hoped. There were a few tins and bags of crisps. I filled the bags and went upstairs to the attic with a heavy heart. 
It was time to go back home. 
Chapter Three

Once I returned, I went straight to the ground floor. Being outside, in the fresh air, had made me realise once returning to my home that it was heavy with a musty smell. For months I was too frightened to open my windows to allow air to circulate around my place. It was an apocalyptic situation I was in, but not how I’d imagined it would be. There had been no nuclear attack, so there had been no fallout, and despite what was happening fresh air was still available.
I put the little food away, promising myself not to touch it until tomorrow, and went to my bathroom to get a few mouthfuls of the shallow water in the bath. I returned to my new living room, and had a look around. The living room, reception area, my bedroom and the toilet upstairs had only been around for five or six years. Initially, when the wife and I bought this place it was a two-bedroom house with one bathroom downstairs. After re-mortgaging the house we hired a builder to extend it. 
Bored, as I usually was, I didn’t stay in the room for long and went upstairs to have a look around. 
My stairs start off straight, and then bend to the left to my landing. Before the bend was an alcove and had pictures of my two babies. School photographs. I took the stairs and stopped at the bend and looked at the photographs. I smiled as I saw the innocence in their eyes, their pale blue polo shirts, stripy ties and beaming smiles. 
I ran my finger down the cheek of my son’s school photograph and could feel myself getting emotional again. I took my mind back to when it was time for him to be born. 
The experience was too good to be true. 
We had midwives fussing over the wife. She was given a birthing pool for a while until she was ready; she was given plenty of gas and morphine and I was even given tea and toast whilst she was getting close. I was also the first person to touch my son before he came out properly. Once his head was visible, the midwife told me to touch his head, which I did. He was 8lbs 7ozs once he was weighed and it was one of the happiest days of my life. 
I called my mother from outside the hospital. She was at work, and when she was told that she had a grandson, she screamed, “This is the happiest day of my life!” 
My daughter’s birth experience was the complete opposite. A fucking nightmare.
My wife and I were in the hospital before midnight and she was in a considerable amount of pain. In her words: “It’s like trying to push a melon out of my fanny!”
One of the midwives, a young blonde girl, told the pair of us that the wife wasn’t even close and there was nothing wrong with her and we should ‘walk it off’.
We spent twenty minutes walking around the hospital grounds at midnight, but the wife could hardly stand, let alone walk. We went back in and I demanded that she should be looked at. I had a feeling that they were severely understaffed. We were looked after by just the one midwife that kept on leaving the room, disappearing for five minutes, and then returning.
There was no birthing pool this time, no group of midwives fussing around her … nothing. Then things got worse. We asked for the birthing pool, but all the midwife could give us was a bath in a very tiny bathroom. She gave us gas and air, and then disappeared again to go for her break. My wife was in tears, the pain excruciating, telling me that the gas and air was doing her no good whatsoever. When the midwife came back, she looked at the tank that provided the gas and air and had told us that she had accidentally given my wife an empty one, which explained why the gas and air was not working as well when she was giving birth to my son. At that point I felt like kicking the silly bitch in the growler, but refrained from doing so, for my wife’s sake.
We got the wife onto a bed and the midwife was telling me to grab this and press that and looked confused. I remembered saying to my wife: “I don’t think she knows her arse from her elbow.” Which I know wasn’t a help.
My wife cried, “Oh god, please don’t say that.”
The birth was horrendous, a lot of blood was lost and my daughter weighed in at 11lbs 12 ozs. She was a big baby. My wife looked over at me and asked how she was looking when she was being stitched up by the hapless midwife.
“Do I look okay?” she asked. “Is it bad?”
I should have been diplomatic, but for some reason I replied with the words, “It looks like you’ve been attacked with an axe.”
Whilst the midwife was stitching my wife, a little too quickly for my liking, she kept looking behind her at the clock. It was nearly 7am, and she was paranoid that she was going to get a parking ticket if she remained in the hospital after seven. It was a joke.
After bringing my mind back to an unwanted reality, I began walking in and out of the rooms, out of sheer boredom, and I went back downstairs, lay on the leather couch and moaned as I straightened up. 
I closed my eyes, thinking of my family, the family next door … and everyone I had known, including work colleagues and people I used to go to school with. Then I fell asleep. 

*

A noise from outside made me sit up straight. I swung my legs to the side, stood up and stretched my arms in the air, yawning. My feet shuffled towards my patio door and I stopped once I was inches from the roller blind that was fully down, as it usually was. I reached for the cord and began to pull it up, slowly, freaking out what could be out there.
When it was fully up, with a galloping heart, I looked out and could see the back of a little girl trying to get by the fence at the bottom of the garden. I hadn’t seen her face yet, but I knew she was one of them and a lump formed in my throat. I was getting emotional because, at least from the back, she looked like my little girl. She had a dirty nightie on, which was white when it was first put on, had no shoes, and her dirty blonde hair hung down her back. 
As soon as I clocked the girl I thought of Poppy and my little boy. I turned the key, placed my hand on the door’s lever and pushed it up. It was now unlocked. 
I pulled the door slowly to the side, trying to make as little noise as possible, and poked my head out. I looked from side to side, making sure the little girl didn’t have company, and could see that the gate was open to my right.
Down the side of my house I have an alleyway, a gate at the back that leads to the back garden and a gate that’s at the front of my house, near the drive. I stepped out onto my decking and went to the side, leaned over and locked the gate. Fortunately the latch hadn’t broken. 
I looked down the alley to see the other gate was open. The latches on both gates were never the strongest, and I was surprised that more of those fuckers hadn’t breached my premises sooner. At least it was just the one, just a little girl. She must have, for whatever reason, forced her way through both gates. 
Maybe she saw something. A cat? I do have two black cats that I hadn’t seen in months, Jasper and Beckham. They were outside cats. Maybe it was them she had seen.
When my wife and kids were here, I couldn’t stand the sight of the stupid, pointless creatures. I thought that, unlike dogs, they weren’t loyal and would be happy to have any owner so long as they got fed. I used to joke to the wife that the pair of them must have wristwatches on, as 7am every morning and 7pm on the evening they’d turn up, sitting by the patio door, glaring at me. Little bastards. Now, I’d love to see them, and I don’t know why. Maybe seeing them would bring some normality back into my life. I had no idea.
I went back indoors, shutting and locking the patio door behind me, and strolled through my living room and reception area, opened my main door, and peered my head out, making sure that those freaks weren’t out there. 
My street was barren, as it had been for many months, and I quickly stepped out and made the two steps to my left to the other gate, put the latch back on and quickly entered the house again. Now both gates were secure, I was certain that the chance of visitors had been diminished now that the security issue had been resolved. I had no idea how long she had been in the garden or how long the gates had been open.
Maybe the gates were already opened when she shambled through. The country had high winds a few weeks back, so who knows? It wasn’t something that I was overly concerned about.
Chapter Four

After releasing a few brown rocks out of my arse and into the bucket, at least that’s what it felt like, I made my way to the living room. For the first time in many months, I decided to wear my watch. I used to have a brown leather Citizen Eco watch with a chronograph dial, but I treated myself to an automatic Raymond Weil that I bought just before the disaster kicked off. 
It had a silver bracelet strap and was a special edition Beatles watch with their logo at the bottom of it, and around the dials there were the names of their albums in chronological order, from Please Please Me to Let It Be. It was a limited edition and only three thousand had been made, so I had to have it. It cost me £975 and I loved it at the time. 
I took the Beatles watch from the living room drawer, put it on, and then I sat on my leather couch and threw my feet on the leather footrest. Feeling like shit, I made the decision to try and get forty winks, even if it meant messing up my sleep for the night time. I had no idea what the time was. It had gone murky outside, the clouds threatening to rain, so it was dim and felt like it was the evening already. 
I managed to drop off, but was woken by the sound of a squeaking noise. I looked at the roller blind and saw a murky shape behind it. I knew who it was straightaway. It was my little friend from the garden. She was standing behind the patio door and the noise was coming from her hands that were brushing against the glass.
It was thick glass that we had, and I knew that a creature of her size would have trouble getting in. A herd of the things would have been a different matter, however.
I pulled up the blind, a lot quicker than I had in the past, and was face-to-face with my little friend. This time I could see her face and knew, even though she was dead and her face was drained of colour, that she was a beautiful thing when she was human. Like my daughter, she looked around eight or nine … maybe ten, and I could see now that her dirty white nightie was dirty at the front just like it was on the back. Her hair hung above her face, but not enough to hide her eyes. She wore a gold necklace but the pendant couldn’t be seen because it hung underneath the nightie, a few inches below the neckline.
As she pawed at the glass, obviously trying to get in at me, I noticed how wide her eyes were. I guessed that maybe they were blue when she was alive, but now they were milky, as if the poor thing was blind. I couldn’t help but stare, and felt that weight you get in your throat when your emotions begin to suffocate you. I gulped hard and that seemed to get rid of some of the swelling. 
I looked at those large eyes once more, like doll eyes, and wondered where she had come from. Her face and body didn’t look too badly injured. I could see the bite on her arm that had obviously made her infected. She hadn’t been devoured, so she must have escaped whilst she was injured. Maybe her parents, or at least one of them, had attacked her and she had fled the house. She must have then turned and had been wandering the streets ever since. Poor thing, I thought. Before she died, she must have been so frightened at the time.
There was no blood around her chin to suggest that she had eaten, but that definitely didn’t mean she hadn’t in the past. 
“What’s your name?” I said aloud. “What used to be your name?”
I continued to stare at the poor thing and she, or it, stared back, still pawing at the window. My heart was beating at a steady rate, but I knew it’d be different if it was a male adult. I don’t know why, because if I pulled the door back she’d still stumble in and try and rip me to pieces. 
It didn’t matter how small or big they were, the infected had only one goal: To devour human flesh.
Really, I should have put the poor thing out of its misery, but I hadn’t killed a single one yet, and I wasn’t going to start on a girl that looked similar to my daughter. She wasn’t a threat to me, so I decided to leave her be. Maybe killing it was for the best, more respectful, but she was dead. It didn’t matter whether the girl was in the ground or one of them, the soul that used to occupy the body wasn’t around anymore.
“If you’re gonna be hanging around my house for a bit, then you’re gonna have to have a name.” 
I stared into those eyes that were as wide as golf balls, trying to think.
“What about Abbie?” I sat and stupidly waited for a response. She was behind thick glass; even if she was human, she wouldn’t have been able to hear what I was saying.
I thought for a second. “My son was going to be called Abbie … well, if he had turned out to be a girl.” 
She pawed at the glass, and her face now grimaced, almost snarling.
“You don’t like Abbie? Okay.” I smiled. “What about Annie?”
She continued to snarl.
“Too similar to Abbie?”
She lost her grimace and stopped pawing at the glass.
I had a small chuckle to myself, knowing that the situation was ridiculous. 
“Annie it is.”
PART TWO

Chapter Five

It was the next day, and I had realised that the food that I had managed to get from the neighbours wasn’t going to last me till the end of the week. I had decided to try Rena’s house, two doors down from me. She was an elderly lady and unless her relatives had come for her in the first week, I assumed that the frail woman was dead, either from infection or starvation, but I hoped that she was still alive because I knew that her granddaughter lived with her. If Rena was dead, then surely her granddaughter would also be dead.
This time I took a hammer with me, before I went to the attic. I was still paranoid of being seen at the front, so I went over the roof again. With Annie in my back garden, I wasn’t taking any chances.
Rena was a lovely old woman. Sometimes she would talk to me at the bus stop, whilst I was waiting to go to work, and talk about her late husband. He was an old man, and I still remembered every morning without fail that he’d be outside his front garden, scattering breadcrumbs, feeding the birds. One morning he never showed up and an ambulance parked up a few hours later. Poor guy had a heart attack by his front door. In his hand, he had a bag of crumbs. He was denied that one last chance to be out in the fresh air and scatter his breadcrumbs.
Rena was a grey-haired lady, probably quite the looker in her day, but her husband’s death years ago had aged her rapidly. She used to tell me her life story whilst at the bus stop. She only had one son, but unfortunately he and his wife and daughter were involved in a car crash. They were travelling down to Birmingham and a police car that was giving chase to a vehicle had ploughed into the back of them. Her son and daughter-in-law were killed. Both their necks were broken, but their daughter had survived and fortunately received little damage to her body.
Their daughter was only a couple of years old at the time and I remembered Rena taking in the child. She was all that Rena had left. At the bus stop, after she had dropped her granddaughter off at school, she would talk about her. It was Gail this, and Gail that. She told me about how her granddaughter was coping without her parents and that her mother’s necklace that she was wearing when she was killed had been passed onto Gail. 
Rena told me that she hoped that the necklace wasn’t cursed, but I laughed it off and told her that she was being daft. She loved that sweet thing. I couldn’t remember how old the girl was. Probably the same age as my daughter, eight or nine. I knew that Gail went to the same school as my kids’, but she was a girl I didn’t remember, because my wife picked the kids up at school whilst I was at work. My wife was a nurse and only worked two days a week, which meant she looked after the kids, the house, and pretty much everything else.
The trip to Rena’s house was unproblematic, and getting through her skylight was made simple with two blows of the hammer that I had taken with me. Again, I took no bags with me; I was certain there’d be some there.
After opening Rena’s latch to her attic, I peered my head through, clocking the bedroom beneath me, and called on Rena. No answer was heard and Rena herself was nowhere to be seen.
I lowered the attic’s ladders and made my way to the first floor, hammer in my clammy right hand. I then checked her two bedrooms and found no sign of life. Both rooms were heavy with a musty smell; I guessed that a window hadn’t been opened in a while. This wasn’t a good sign, I was sure of it. Unless she had left the place with her granddaughter. But where would they have gone? She had no family left, as far as I was aware, and no car. It was just her and Gail.
I took a pee in her upstairs toilet and made my way down her stairs, heading to the ground floor, to the hallway. Her house was the same set up as mine, although mine was bigger, and it was easy enough trying to find my way about the place. I was on the ground floor and looked in the living room. I was greeted with another empty room and bad odour, but no sign of Rena or her granddaughter.
I put my hand on the kitchen door that was opposite the living room, and saw a collection of family photographs along the right side of the hall’s wall. I saw an old picture of Rena and her husband. His face brought the memories flooding back when he used to be out there, feeding the birds.
Another picture had Rena and her granddaughter together. It looked recent. There were others of her son and his wife. I noticed that in every photo of his wife she wore a gold heart-shaped pendant on a gold necklace, probably the one that was passed onto Gail, but the photo that brought a lump to my throat was the school picture of Gail. She had on the same attire as Thomas and Poppy and had beautiful big blue eyes, blonde hair and a cracking smile. No doubt, she was a good-looking child and I hoped that she and Rena were still around, still alive.
I was about to pull down the handle and open the door, but a noise from behind the door made me pause and my heart giddy-up. I had no idea why, but I opened the door as if I had taken some brave pills earlier, and took a sharp intake of breath when I saw Rena in the corner of the kitchen, by the sink. She had her back to me, and even then I knew she wasn’t herself. She had turned.
I cleared my throat and she turned around, confirming what I had expected. 
Her eyes were colourless, her face as pale as snow, and she staggered over to me. I froze, my feet refusing to move, and as soon as she moaned and grabbed my shoulders, I released a scream and tried to get out of there. 
Rena was heavier than I had imagined, and once she leaned on me I stumbled, dropped the hammer and fell to the floor, banging my head off of the wall. She snarled and gnashed at me as I desperately placed my hands under her chin and pushed her away. I cried out, tears forming, and couldn’t believe I was being overpowered by a dead elderly woman. 
She stunk how most corpses stunk, and once I finally managed to push her off me, I scrambled to my feet to leave the kitchen. A hand grabbed at my ankle as I tried to flee, and I fell back to the floor. She pulled herself along the floor, mouth gaping and lowered her head to take a bite from my lower leg. This action alone forced a scream to be released from my mouth. Now, this is definitely not the kind of thing you’d see the male protagonist do in a Hollywood film. Could you imagine Bruce Willis screaming whilst being shot at in Die Hard? No, probably not, but I did. I’m just being honest with you, reader. I’ve never been a hard man, and I certainly don’t own a white vest. 
Anyway, back to being attacked by the sweet old woman from my street. Just the thought of her teeth ripping into my flesh made me release some urine onto my boxer shorts. I brought my right foot back and kicked her in the face, but she was relentless. It took another four kicks before she released me. 
Now buzzing with nervous adrenaline, I grabbed my hammer and ran to the stairs. I climbed seven or eight steps and turned around to see her now in the hallway and working out how she could use the stairs to get to me. It seemed that this simple action was difficult for these things. I looked at the corpse and shook my head with sadness. “Oh Rena. What happened?”
One of her feet was placed on the first step, but as soon as she tried to move her other foot she fell backwards and hit her head off of the radiator. She was on her back and snarled and writhed, like a snake on fire, and I took this opportunity to do what any decent man would have done: I needed to put her at rest, out of her misery. I knew that technically she was already gone, but it seemed unjust to leave her like that, even though I couldn’t bring myself to kill Annie. I went down a few steps. I was now on the second from bottom step, still had a height advantage, and was now within striking distance. 
I pulled my hammer back and had no idea if one hard blow was going to be enough. Could I get away with hitting her the once, or would I have to bludgeon her, like something out of a seventies horror B movie? 
My hesitation was making things more difficult for me as she was beginning to get back to her feet. I gulped and watched as she stood up, closed my eyes and brought the hammer down as hard as I could. I opened them, gasped and released the hammer.
The thing that was once sweet old Rena staggered a little, then dropped to her knees and fell to the side. The hammer had gone through the skull and was sticking out as she fell. I could see the dark stuff oozing out of her damaged skull and gagged at the sight of it. Rena was now out of the way and I still had the kitchen to check.
Then it came to me. What about her granddaughter? What about Gail? Where was she? Rena was the only person in the house, so did Gail escape, or was she elsewhere when the situation kicked off?
I walked past the body, avoiding the pooling blood and still unsure whether it was completely defunct, and stepped into the kitchen. I searched the cupboards and was pleased to come across a lot of tins. It was mainly soup, but I managed to grab a few carrier bags and placed twelve tins in them. 
With the weight of the bags, I felt that going over the roof would be a bad idea, and with killing what used to be Rena earlier, my confidence grew and I was sure that I would be able to handle Annie if I went over the back gardens to get to my house. 
I didn’t need to kill Annie. I didn’t want to kill Annie. I’m sure if I was quick enough then a quick push would knock her over to give me enough time to get back into my house. 
Chapter Six

I had jumped one fence and was now in my neighbour’s garden. I had one more fence to go before I was in my own. I peered over and saw that Annie was mooching about on the decking. She was near a homemade tiny hut that my wife had made months ago for the cats. She had done a good job, and had created the little house with the leftover wood, after the decking job, that was dumped by our conifer tree near the bottom of our garden. At the side of the tree was a set of old play swings, a constant reminder that my kids weren’t here anymore, and the lawn was in front of it. There were two steps that led up to the decking part of the garden, and this was where Annie was. I was surprised Annie had made the steps. Maybe she had crawled up them. I don’t know why she did this. Did she see the cats? Did something else entice her to the decking area of the garden?
With my hammer tucked into my belt, I approached the last fence. I leaned over, placed the bags onto the grass and climbed it. The small noise was enough for Annie to turn around and clock my presence. I landed on the grass and left the bags where they were. 
I waited until she tumbled down the two steps of the decking and onto the lawn. I took a few steps backwards as she headed for me, then turned quickly to the right and ran past her with ease. Next stage? Drainpipe. 
With both patio and main doors locked, I ran onto the decking and began to climb the drainpipe that led to my roof and, more importantly, to my opened skylight. The plan was to get through the skylight, go downstairs, and then outside, avoiding Annie, then grab the tins of food and get back inside unscathed. Easy. Right?
The climb was easier than I imagined, but it would have been a different story if I decided to try and take the two bags with me. I was forty-two at the time, fit, and had always had a slim build. The climb to the skylight was achieved, and then once I progressed to the ground floor of my home, the tricky bit was next. 
I entered my new living room, trainers moving along the dark wooden floor, and reached for the patio door. Annie was nowhere to be seen. I assumed that she was by the kitchen window, a few yards to the left where I was. I kept my hammer in my belt. I didn’t want to use it if I could avoid it. I know it sounds crazy, but Annie was the only company I had had for many months, and with her being so small and similar to my Poppy, the killing of the child was hard for me to even think about. 
I wasn’t being stupid. I knew she was dead, but if I could get the bags without harming the walking corpse, then that was fine with me.
I opened the patio door slowly, because it made a noise when opened, and then I took gentle steps on the decking. The decking itself made a noise when being stepped on, and back in the old days, when the wife and I were in bed on a night, we could sometimes hear the cats jumping on the decking from the fence. Those days were gone. 
I looked around the corner to see that she had her back to me. I stepped off the decking, onto the lawn, and went over to the two carrier bags of tins that I had placed on the grass earlier. As soon as I picked the bags up, they made a rustling noise, making the female corpse turn her head. She staggered over in my direction and I waited to see how she would handle the two steps down onto the lawn. She made it with a stumble. I was hoping that she was going to struggle and fall on her face, giving me ample time to walk around her and get into the house without having to harm her in any way.
She shambled over to me as I stood. I was undecided on what to do, standing with a carrier bag in each hand, and did the first thing that came to mind. I front-kicked her into her chest. I watched as she flew backwards, smacking her head off the wooden railings and then fell facedown on the lawn. I apologised to her, and then made my way over to the patio door. As soon as I was in my living room, I dropped the bags on the leather couch and shut the patio door, then locked it with the keys that were already dangling in the keyhole. 
I put the tins away in my kitchen cupboard and decided to go into my old living room that looked out onto the main road of my street. My ears pricked up when I heard the muffled sound of male voices, two in all. 
I crept over to my closed blinds and delicately put my forefinger inbetween two of them and created a centimetre gap for me to look out. The voices were getting louder, suggesting to me that the men were about to pass my house. I should have really moved away, but my intrigue on who these individuals were and what they looked like was too strong. 
Finally, I saw them pass my empty drive. There were two men, two large, muscular men, and both were carrying baseball bats. It didn’t take a genius to realise that these two were bad news and probably had the mentality to survive at all costs. Maybe, back in the old world, these two individuals were family men but now had lost everything. Maybe they were criminals before the apocalypse kicked off. Whatever their background, I was sure that these were men that were capable and willing to kill a person if they really had to.
I shuddered as they went by and hoped that they wouldn’t be back. My trust in people, especially men, wasn’t great. The breakdown of society had created dangerous people. I had lived a sheltered life for the last six months, but I knew that there were people out there who had lost family members, and maybe even witnessed their deaths. Being killed in a horrific way must have affected them psychologically.
I sat down on the couch and lay back with my eyes shut. I didn’t sleep. I was just resting.

*

I had no idea how long I had my eyes closed, but the screech of tyres made me shoot up off the couch. I opened the blinds and saw a woman running down the road. I moved away from the window, making sure that she didn’t see me. I know this was selfish, but I couldn’t help it. I was used to being alone and the only company I really wanted was the company of my wife, son and daughter. My mother, dad, sister and cousins as well, but I had never heard from them during the end of the first week when we still had power. I had already come to the conclusion that they were dead.
I heard the hammering of the door belonging to my neighbours. The woman was distressed, and I was worried that her hollering would attract some of the dead from afar. I then thought about the two rough-looking men that had walked by earlier.
The hammering had stopped, and I moved to the reception area and could see through the frosted glass of my main door that she was now approaching my premises. 
I didn’t know what to do. 
She sounded desperate, and I didn’t want any danger brought to my door after six months without an incident. 
I headed for the door and opened it, before she had a chance to scream and hammer at it. I dragged her in, locked the door and walked her to the old living room. The girl was a mess. She had thick red lips, curly blonde hair, big blue eyes and was only an inch or two shorter than me. She was a reasonably attractive girl, big breasted but slim in the waist.
“Thank you,” she cried. We both sat on the couch and she huddled next to me. 
“You okay?” I asked. Yes, I know, it was a stupid question, but I was nervous, my social skills had been depleted over the last six months due to lack of interaction, and I didn’t know what else to say to the poor girl.
“I heard tyres screeching,” I said.
She said, “I crashed my car.”
“How come you crashed your car?” I asked further, not giving her time to answer my first query, “Was somebody … something chasing you?”
She threw her head back, lips quivering with fright. “Six miles I drove for, then two of those freaks comes out of nowhere and I crash into a friggin’ tree. Nearly shat myself.” 
I hadn’t had company for ages and within a day I get Annie and now this female stranger. It was fair to say that she seemed the more sociable, whereas Annie, if given a chance, would have ripped my throat out. 
In normal circumstances I would have asked her if she wanted a cup of tea, but only had stale bath water and snacks I had stolen from the neighbours. I offered her nothing and queried, “So what happened?”
She shook her head and said, “Weren’t you listening? I crashed into two of those DCs.”
“DCs?” I shook my head. I had no idea what she was talking about.
“D stands for dead,” she sighed impatiently, “and the C … surely you can work it out.”
For a person that had been welcomed into my house I found her a little ungrateful, but put her attitude down to the fright she had just received.
“I come from Lichfield.” She began to speak with a bit more calm now, and added, “Me and my boyfriend were in our flat when it kicked off.”
“Parents?”
She hunched her shoulders. “Dead … probably. Don’t know. Never spoke to them since the second week when we lost power.”
“They’re not local?”
She shook her head. “They live in Sheffield.”
“And your boyfriend?”
She paused for a moment, took in a deep breath. She seemed more upset about her boyfriend more than losing the rest of her family. She finally said, “He used to be with this biker gang, but left them to find me when it first kicked off. We moved about, went where the food was. We stayed in a supermarket for a while, with others.”
“What happened?”
“We were attacked and we fled. We lost people … good people.”
“I’m sorry about that.” I was nervous to ask but said it anyway. “And your boyfriend?”
“He died last month. He was bitten. We were staying in an abandoned hotel, but we were attacked and had to leave. Same old story. Every safe place you find, you have to leave eventually.”
“I wouldn’t know.” I lowered my head, almost embarrassed. “I haven’t left my street since it started. My family have been missing ever since.” 
“I’m sorry to hear that.” She patted my thigh, but didn’t seem interested in my predicament. “Me and my boyfriend were desperate for kids. So glad we didn’t bother now.”
There was a long silence between the pair of us, and the woman moved away from me on the couch and thanked me for taking her in. She seemed a lot calmer now and introduced herself as Emma. I told her my name, Shaun. I then told her about my trips to the neighbours, about running short of supplies.
“I think I can take care of our supply problem … temporarily,” Emma spoke up once I had finished my story.
“We?” I tried to joke.
“I’m staying, right?” 
“Erm…” I then raised a cheeky smile.
“Are you planning on kicking me out?” She picked up that I was joking, but responded anyway. 
I sighed and said, “And how are we going to solve our supply problem … temporarily?”
“My car is fifty yards up the road.”
“And?” I guffawed.
“The boot is full of food and water.”
I stopped laughing.
Chapter Seven

My nerves were shot to pieces. 
I was going back out, but this time I was being accompanied by a female I had only met a few minutes ago. Emma told me that if any of the DCs turned up, I shouldn’t worry if there were only a few. She told me that they were pretty easy to kill, one on one. I had no idea what she had been killing these things with. She had turned up at my house empty handed. 
She went into the kitchen and helped herself to a knife. I told her that I was happy enough with my hammer, but gave me a funny look, and then she asked me where I kept my bags. I had a large rucksack in the bottom cupboard, by the reception area, and told her that I would get it.
“Good,” she said. “The car’s fucked. It won’t be moving anywhere. I think I damaged the radiator. Ideally we could have parked it on your drive, but…”
“But … you crashed it,” I said with a smirk.
“Yep. Into a tree.” 
Emma was devoid of emotion as she put the knife into her pocket, and threw the bag over her shoulder. She looked like she had done this before, a true warrior, putting me to shame. I was a man that had been hiding for half of the year and had only killed my first one the day before: Rena. 
I asked her, “Will we need another bag?”
She shook her head. “This bag will be enough for the food. You can carry the two water canisters that are in the back. They have handles, so you should be fine.”
“Water canisters?”
“I broke into a gym yesterday.” She nodded and headed for the main door. “Ready? Any more questions?”
“Now?”
“The longer we leave it, the more chance that somebody else will take the stuff.”
I began to think about the two men that had passed by my living room window. She had a point. If we didn’t go now, someone else would take it.
I sighed and reluctantly told her, “Okay. Let’s go.” 
I’m not going to lie to you. I was sweating bullets. 
She opened the door and stepped outside. I followed her out and locked the door behind me, putting the key into my front pocket. “Here we go,” I muttered under my breath, out of earshot from Emma. “What the fuck am I doing?”
We both walked along my drive and stepped onto the pavement. 
It’s funny the types of things people used to moan and worry about, back in the old world. I used to worry about my mundane job, my weight gain and my hairy back. Now, I had to walk up my street in an apocalyptic world and possibly bludgeon a reanimated corpse, if one showed up, to save my own skin. Give me back the old days. 

*

“I left the keys in the ignition,” Emma announced as we approached the damaged Citroen. “What we need is in the boot. Should be already open.” 
I took another look around my street, my seventh since leaving the house, and it was still clear. You would never have thought that the apocalypse had come to my street. A couple of things were out of place, but that was it. There were remains of a body on the other side of the road, on the opposite pavement, some shattered glass and, of course, Emma’s crashed car that had ploughed into a tree near the roundabout.
Once she approached her car, she looked longingly at her vehicle and a look of sadness could be seen. It was obviously something that was dear to her. Maybe it was a gift from her boyfriend. I didn’t want to ask and bring her mood down any lower, so I slapped my hands together and told her jokingly to hurry up. 
She opened the boot and dropped the empty bag off her shoulder and began to fill it. She had tins and packets of other stuff already in carrier bags, so it was a small matter of picking up the carrier bags and putting them into the large rucksack. She then nodded at the two water canisters. They were the same kind of canisters you would see in a gym or a workplace. I picked them up and could feel my arms shuddering already. There wasn’t a hope in hell that I could carry these canisters all the way back home without making a few stops. I was going to have to have a couple of rests on the way back to my house. 
I gazed around my area and tried to remember back in the days when cars used to zoom past, some of them slowing down at the last minute because of the hideous-looking speed camera that was outside my house. Bastards! Always hated the council for putting that monstrosity there. Opening your blinds first thing in the morning and seeing that blue steel camera ruined the view of the street. I also missed the children going up and down the pavements on their scooters or bikes, my children especially.
“You okay?” Emma asked me, making me snap out of my daydreaming of yesteryear. She must have seen me becoming emotional, just like herself a few minutes before me, and I replied with a single nod of the head.
She threw the bag over her shoulder and walked ahead of me, going back down the street, back to my house. She was hunched over, so the bag must have been heavy. Probably the tins, I thought. I progressed myself, water canister in each hand, and could see one ghoul coming out of someone’s drive from the other side of the road. I tried to hurry my feet, but the thing had already spotted the pair of us.
The dead individual looked to be middle aged, male, and was overweight. I had no clue who it was. It was a big street, and wasn’t really an area where we all mingled. Maybe it came from somewhere else.
I called out to Emma. I could see she was way ahead of me and the thing was crossing the road. I wanted to get Emma’s attention before she went into the house. I wanted to ask her opinion about what to do with our new admirer. I had killed Rena, my first, which was difficult in itself, but I was quite happy to avoid another killing if it was possible. I released a short whistle.
Emma stopped, turned around and said, “What do you think I am? A friggin’ sheepdog?” 
I nodded over to the beast that was heading over our way. She huffed, as if it was just an inconvenience rather than something that was terrifying, and placed her hands on her hips. She slowly placed the bag on the floor and asked me if I wanted to take care of it. I tried to act cool and shrugged my shoulders and told her to ‘knock herself out’.
It was clear that she had killed these things before, just by her response when she saw it. She wasn’t panicking, or terrified, she was more annoyed than anything else. She also didn’t know my experience, or lack of, of killing these things. The apocalypse was six months old and I had made my first kill only the day before. Shameful, I know.
Emma brushed her blonde curly hair out of her face and put her right hand in her pocket to pull out the knife. She was standing outside a front garden, six doors down from where I lived, and waited patiently for the creature to come to her. I had no idea why she was doing this, but she stood still and watched.
Once the creature was a matter of yards from Emma, it held out its arms, ready to tear her lovely face to shreds, but Emma took a step back, grabbed the back of the hair of the assailant and rammed the knife through its right eye. She gave the knife a quick twist, then pulled it out and watched as it dropped to the floor. She then bent down, wiped the blade on the tattered clothes of the defunct thing, and grabbed its arms and dragged it onto somebody’s front garden, then left and returned back to the pavement. 
She looked at me and smiled. “Break’s over,” she joked, picked up the rucksack and continued to walk back to my house. 
After seeing that, I knew I was in good company. 
Chapter Eight

After hydrating ourselves and having a munch on the new food, Emma and I decided to sit down and relax somewhere. This time I suggested the new living room, or the back room, and told Emma I’d be in to join her once I peed in the toilet that didn’t work. I told her that number twos were for the buckets upstairs, but she never responded. 
After finishing my pee, I heard the patio door slide back in the back room. 
What the fuck? Then I remembered something. “Shit. Annie.”
I ran from the toilet to the back room, heart beating out of my chest, and could see Emma leaving through the opened patio door. “Emma! No!”
She turned around, knife in her hand, and shook her head at me. Her face then changed to a more sombre look, went back inside and shut the patio door. 
“What is it, Shaun?” She then pointed outside, at Annie, who was now heading over to the patio doors. “I saw her by the garden. It’s a DC.”
“Don’t touch her.”
“Why?” Emma looked confused.
“Just … don’t, please.” 
“Who is it?” 
I lowered my head, not sure how to explain to Emma why I didn’t want Annie to be killed. I said, “Look, this might sound a bit strange…”
“Go on?” Emma sat down and waited for me to continue. She looked at me with those wonderful large blue eyes.
I sat down on the leather couch, next to Emma. “I … I couldn’t kill her. I’ve been used to having her around.”
Emma wasn’t sure whether to laugh or not. “You do realise she’s dead, don’t you?”
“Of course. But she‘s just a child.”
“So what? If you’re waiting for me to give a shit, I suggest you better pack a lunch. It’s going to be a while.”
“Just … don’t touch her.”
“She’s still one of them. She’d still rip your face off, if given half a chance.”
“I know.” I knew she made sense, but something was stopping me from allowing her to be put at peace, despite me killing Rena. It was stupid, I know. If that was my daughter, I wouldn’t want her walking around this Earth, not in that state. 
“Are you sure you don’t want me to get rid of her? It’s no hassle.”
I nodded. “I’m sure.”
“I suppose she’s not doing any harm.” Emma relaxed a little and gave me a sympathetic look. “I don’t know your reasons.”
“Neither do I.” I smiled. “Stupid, isn’t it?”
She nodded with a smile. “Yes, it’s fucking barmy.”
I shifted in my seat uncomfortably and could see that Emma had similar features to Annie: blonde hair, blue eyes. It made me wonder that if Annie had been given a chance to grow into a young lady, she wouldn’t look too dissimilar to the young woman that was sitting next to me.
“So, has she…?” Emma nodded at the patio door, at the dead girl. 
“Has she…?”
Emma tried again. “Has she been here the whole time?”
“Only a day or so,” I replied. “Funny … I’ve hardly seen a soul for months and then you and Annie turn up within a few days.” 
Emma laughed, “Well, don’t forget that … Annie is dead. So you’ve seen one individual.” 
“I did see a couple of guys going past, not long ago.”
“Guys?”
“They looked like thugs, carrying baseball bats.”
“Yeah, well,” Emma sniffed. “If they ever try and get in here, I’ll cut open their balls and put them in a jar.” 
Emma pointed at the patio door and began to snicker. Annie was now standing centimetres away from the glass, staring at the pair of us, like something out of a horror movie. If she was alive, her breath would have been seen on the glass.
I stood to my feet and walked towards the patio door. I placed my hand on the glass and looked at the poor state that Annie was in, or whatever her name was. I gasped once the dead creature on the other side of the glass placed her own palm against mine, but that short moment was ruined once her hand ran down the glass and the little creature gnashed her teeth, confirming that she’d take a bite into my flesh if she was given half a chance. 
“You’re gonna have to get rid of her eventually,” Emma suddenly announced. “In the long run.”
I turned around, facing away from Annie, and said, almost annoyed with her statement, “And why’s that?”
“A few reasons.”
“Go on.”
“Well, for one, it’s a bit fucking weird, isn’t it? You can’t have that thing as a pet, can you?”
“I don’t give a fuck!” I snapped.
My shortness had unnerved Emma and I didn’t know why. I was hardly an intimidating fellow. If anything, she had shown that she had bigger balls than I did. Looking back now, I think that maybe Emma thought I was going to ask her to leave.
I didn’t have a weird obsession with Annie. I was fascinated by the thing. And if it posed no threat to me, then why kill it? 
Killing it wasn’t going to help the human race. There were millions of those things out there, so was killing one, a small one at that, going to benefit us? 
I didn’t think so. 
Chapter Nine

The rest of the afternoon passed by lazily, and despite this being the first day that I had met Emma and the first time I had actually spoken to a human in a very long time, we became a little bored with each other’s company. 
Emma said that she wanted to rest a little, not necessarily nap, and I assumed that she needed some time to herself and away from me. I wanted the same. 
She left the living room and went upstairs to one of the bedrooms. I pulled the patio’s roller blind down to the floor, but could still see the shadow of Annie behind it. I lay on the couch and hummed a few Radiohead tunes in my head. I missed music so much. Of course, I missed my family terribly, but music was one of the other dozen things that I missed and took for granted before all of this.
It was the evening and I had surprisingly managed to drift off. I woke up, confused and disorientated. I sat up, rubbed my head and then realised where I was and what was happening. 
I then wondered what had happened to Emma. Was she still upstairs? 
I received an answer straightaway when I heard footsteps coming from upstairs. It was taking a while for Emma to reach the ground floor. I got to my feet, both knees cracking, and walked out of my back room and reached the bottom of the stairs.
“Emma, are you okay?” I called up.
I received no answer, so I tried again.
I waited patiently for an answer, but never got one.
“Emma!” I called up.
“Shaun!” She sounded like she was in the front bedroom, Poppy’s room.
“What is it?”
“You need to see this shit.”
I ran upstairs, expecting there to be a horde of those DCs, as Emma called them, in the street. Once I reached my daughter’s bedroom, I walked in and stood next to Emma who was peering out of the almost closed blinds. It was the wrong time, but I began to stare at her large breasts as she was looking out. Jesus, she certainly had a decent set of melons on her. Or jigglypuffs, as my son used to call them.
Eventually I asked, “What is it?”
“Take a look.”
So I did. There was no horde, but I witnessed something that was just as frightening. 
A red pickup was parked outside, on the other side of the road, and an argument was taking place. Four men standing by the pickup were quarrelling with a man who was standing outside his house, holding a baseball bat. My eyes looked up to the bedroom window of the house and I could see a woman holding her daughter, I presumed. I had lived there for many years, and yet I had no idea who they were.
It took a minute, but it was beginning to make sense.
The four guys were wanting in the house, or at least some of the things that were inside it, and the man with the bat was trying to protect his family. With the windows closed and the melee appearing over the road, raised voices could be heard, but what they were actually saying was impossible to hear. 
Going by the body language of the guy with the bat, he was fighting a losing battle and knew it. The man was almost in tears, frantically swinging the bat whenever one of the four men made a sudden move. Some of the men were laughing, teasing him, and one of them looked up to the bedroom window where his wife and daughter were and was pointing at them, waving at them and blowing them kisses.
Emma turned to me and said, “What shall we do about this?”
I was unsure what she meant and asked her, “What do you mean?”
“We can’t just stand here while those cocks are menacing that family.”
“I think you’ll find we can, and we will.”
“But … Shaun…”
“Emma, I’m not risking my life for people I don’t know. I need to stay alive for my family.”
She puffed out a breath and looked annoyed. “Well, I can’t go out on my own.”
“Let’s just see what happens.”
“You said that you need to stay alive for your family.” Emma slowly turned her head and gazed at me, producing a thin smile under her nose. “And how long have they been missing?”
I gulped. “Since the beginning, as you already know.”
“Six months,” she sighed.
“Y-yes.”
“Do you honestly think your family are still alive?”
Her question was like being stabbed in the gut. I felt ill when she said it. 
Was I kidding myself? It had been six months. Of course they were dead, weren’t they?
Emma turned to face out the window and I did the same. She gasped as one of the four men tried to grab the bat. He received a smack to his body for his troubles, but the bat-wielding father was finally overpowered by the other three guys. The bat was taken off the man and all four men circled him and began to kick him. I had no idea how long they had kicked him for. It felt like ages, but it was probably just under a minute. Once they moved away from him, the man was motionless. 
“Shit,” I said. “Do you think he’s dead?”
We watched as a heavy man, grey beard, wearing a white vest, picked up the bat off of the floor and struck the lying man across the head. The blood began to pour out of his head and was pooling on the pavement.
Said Emma calmly, “He is now.”
What we were seeing was horrific, but we couldn’t help watching, still peering out from the blinds. The four men went into the house, we assumed to get the woman and little girl, and came out within a minute. 
The elderly man with the vest exited the house, bat in hand, and stood next to his pick-up. Another man, a skinny fellow, came out of the house with the little girl under his arm. The other two men were dragging out the screaming woman by her arms.
They threw her to the floor, and the skinny man slapped her across the face, making the child scream for her mummy. Then they began to go into the house whilst the leader stayed put, making sure that the woman and her daughter didn’t move. They were ransacking the house and putting objects from the place in the back of the van. Two minutes had passed and the men appeared to have finished with their thieving episode.
“Oh God, I can’t watch,” cried Emma.
But she did. 
We both watched as they tied the woman up and threw her in the back of the pick-up as if she was a piece of meat. The men began to get back into the vehicle, one in the front and two in the back with the woman, whilst the leader hung about. The little girl was crying, on her knees, and the grey haired man brought the bat back, ready to strike.
“Jesus Christ!” exclaimed Emma.
“You’ve got to be kidding me,” was my reaction.
This time we did look away, the pair of us, but we were still, and neither one of us moved away from the window. Once the pair of us heard the vehicle pull away, we slowly turned our heads back out to the window and stared out. 
Emma looked out for no longer than a second, then moved away and went downstairs. I remained transfixed. I don’t know how many times the little thing had been struck, maybe once, maybe more, but the poor soul lay on the pavement, head bashed in and bleeding out. It was a sin to leave her out there for the crows, so I made a conscious decision to scoop her up and give her a burial. It was risky going out there, but I was determined to do it. It was obvious what was going to happen to the woman. Once those sick fucks had had their ‘fun’ with the woman, she was also going to be killed.
Before I could move, I saw two men creep out of the house, three doors down from where the little girl stayed, and one of the men was holding a sheet. 
They had beaten me to it. 
The sheet was carefully placed over the girl and the men then picked her up, one had the arms, the other had the legs. It looked like they were taking her round to their back garden, possibly to bury the little thing, and this made my eyes fill. The men returned and also took the father away as well. Like Emma and I, the two men must have watched helplessly at what was happening to the family. Some would argue that they could have helped, but I also did nothing. 
In the space of a few minutes, I had seen human savagery and kindness. This apocalypse had turned people into monsters, but there were still some good ones out there.
Eventually, I moved away and went downstairs to see how Emma was doing. She sat, staring into space. I told her what had happened afterwards, after the little girl was killed, but she never responded. 
I thought for a few seconds and told Emma that I was going next door.
“What for?” she asked, and tried to make a joke. “For a cup of sugar?”
“I think you and I need a drink,” I replied.
“Have they got any?”
“Only one way to find out.”
I left the back room and headed upstairs, to my attic. 
Ten minutes later I returned with a bottle of brandy.
Chapter Ten

“I’ve only had two.” Emma smiled as I poured her another brandy. “I already feel tipsy.”
“That’s because I’ve been pouring large ones.” I looked at the bottle. It appeared that we had drunk half of it, and I was feeling a little soused myself. “Sorry I’ve got no coke.”
After the incident over the road, I felt that the pair of us needed this to help us sleep. It seemed a silly thing to do, considering the situation we were in, but it was just one night of escapism.
We talked about our childhood and it appeared that Emma wasn’t local. She had moved to Lichfield a few years ago. Originally she was from Alrewas, a small place that was wedged inbetween Armitage and Fradley, and had moved to Lichfield a while back for a fresh start after a bad break up.
“I wonder what the outcome of all of this will be,” Emma blurted out. She looked drunk and I thought that it’d be for the best if we stopped drinking. She finished her glass and shook it, telling me to top her up. I did as she requested.
“I have no idea.” I sighed and leaned back on the couch next to Emma, my mind going off on a wander.
“Thinking about your family?” she asked.
I nodded. “Think about them all the time.”
“I miss my brother.” Emma began playing with her blonde curls with her finger. “And my best mate, Jade.”
“I wish I could say the same for my brother.”
“Bad news was he?” Emma then cleared her throat and apologised. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to say was.”
“Don’t worry about it.” 
“Did he stay far? Your brother?”
“Not far.” I began to laugh, but this confused Emma.
“What’s so funny?”
“He’s an inmate.”
“What?”
“Got sent down. Stays in Stafford prison.” 
“Sorry about that.”
I left my glass full of brandy on the arm of the chair and put both palms on my head. I began to yawn and added, “We were hardly close. Kevin was always a bad bugger, even when we were young.”
“Some people get on the wrong path and can’t seem to get off it.” 
“That’s one way of looking at it.” I didn’t agree with Emma, but decided not to have an argument about it. Kevin wasn’t forced into anything. He had made his choices, and most of them were bad ones. 
“What was he like?”
“I hardly knew him, if the truth be told,” I laughed. “I have no idea if he’s dead or not. I suppose being in prison he could have starved to death. It’s not something I like to think about. He wasn’t my favourite person, especially as he used to torment me, but I wouldn’t want him to end that way.”
The pair of us sat in quiet for a moment and sipped our drinks. I could hear Emma take an intake of breath and I waited for her next question. I had just told her that my brother was a con, so she was obviously curious.
“So … what did he do?”
I didn’t exactly understand her question. “To get inside, or to me as a kid?”
“What did he do to you?”
I laughed and thought of a couple of incidents from the past. “Just brother stuff. He beat me up once.” 
“Really? What happened?”
“My brother, Kevin, punched me in the face and threw me downstairs when we were teenagers. I borrowed his shirt for a night out. I came back the following morning with it ripped and stained. He wasn’t impressed.” 
“That’s a bit over the top, don’t you think?”
I nodded and said, “That’s Kevin for you. He gave me a doing a couple of years after that, for a similar incident, then threatened to knife me. That’s when my parents decided to kick him out.”
“Shit. So how did he get put away?”
I hunched my shoulders and said, “To be honest, I don’t know. But once he was put away, my parents disowned him. I visited a few times, but they kind of tapered off after a while. It was obvious that he didn’t want me there anyway.”
“When was the last time you spoke to Kevin?”
“A few years ago. We spoke on the phone. He told me that he had got involved in some prison gang with a drug dealer. He even admitted that he and this guy were having a relationship, some guy called Harry.”
“I suppose it can get lonely being banged up all day, especially during the night.” 
“Maybe.”
“Shaun?” Emma said with a slur. 
“Yes?”
She was beginning to get emotional, and I wasn’t sure if it was the booze that was making her this way. “Thanks … for everything. Thanks for taking me in.”
“No problem.” I smiled at her.
“I think I’m gonna go to bed. I feel a bit pissed.”
“You sure?”
She nodded. “I do crazy shit when I’ve had a few. Another drink and I’d probably end up wanking you off, or pulling my knickers to one side and letting you play hide the sausage.”
I snickered and nodded. I was feeling a little soused myself. “Take my bed upstairs. I’m gonna stick with the couch.” I didn’t want to offer her one of my kids’ beds. It didn’t feel right to me. She was an adult. 
Emma stood up and swayed a little. I asked if she needed a hand getting upstairs, but she waved me away.
“Good night, Emma…” I screwed my face in thought. “Hang on. I don’t know your second name.”
“It’s Rowley,” she said as she staggered away.
“Good night, Emma Rowley.”
“Good night, Shaun…”
“Peterson.”
“Peterson,” she giggled. “Yeah, that’ll do.”
“Sleep well.”
Emma groaned as she made her way up the stairs, and said with a slur “Last time I got this drunk, I ended up shitting the bed.”
“Well, please don’t do that,” I said, unsure whether she was joking or not.”
“I’ll try.”
I dropped my head in my hands. “Oh, for fuck’s sake.”
PART THREE

Chapter Eleven

I had slept on the leather couch in the back room. I was still in my clothes, wearing my black jogging bottoms and a T-shirt, and tried to lift my head up.
Jesus, it felt like I had been hit by a sledgehammer. 
I tried again, and this time I managed to sit up, although the room span and my head pounded like a fucker. I had forgot why I was in such a state, and then I looked over to my cupboard, where the plasma TV hung on the wall above it, and saw the empty bottle of Napoleon brandy.
I could hear the footsteps from above and then could hear Emma making her way downstairs. Like me, I assumed she was still feeling a little drunk, and then I heard her slip on one of the stairs and yelled out, “Ah, you fucking cunt!”
She walked into the living room and groaned when she looked over at me.
“How are you feeling?” I asked her.
“Rough as a badger’s arse. Nearly broke my ankle on those stairs.” She then cupped her hand, checked her breath and winced. “My mouth feels as if a cat has taken a shit in it.”
“What were we thinking?” I laughed, but that made my head worse. 
Emma said, “Well, at least we didn’t sleep with each other. Did we?”
I shook my head, ever so gently. 
“I tend to have a habit of noshing men off when I’ve had a few.”
I didn’t respond to Emma’s comment. How do you respond to that?
I tried to joke, referring to a comment she had made the night before, “And at least you didn’t shit the bed.”
Emma scrunched her eyes and thought.
“You didn’t. Did you?”
She smiled and shook her head.
Emma had told me that she was going to the kitchen. She didn’t say what for, but I said okay without asking why she was going to that particular room in the house. I then remembered that we had told each other our surnames before departing. I wondered what time it was. I somehow managed to get to my feet without falling over, and then made baby steps to my three-foot high cupboard where my watch sat.
The cupboard had two main doors on each side. 
On the left side we stored the kids’ games like Buckaroo, Frustration and Operation, as well as their iPads. On the right door was usually wine and other spirits, but I had drank them before the first month was up. At first it was the only way I could sleep when I stayed in the attic. As time grew, so did my confidence concerning my safety. Then I began sleeping in my bed, sometimes on the couch. 
In the middle of the cupboard there were four drawers. But it was just crap that was stored in them. There was stuff like headphones, my phone that had died ages ago, a battery charger, some daft notes as well as other shit.
“I’m going back to bed,” Emma announced, making me jump.
“Jesus,” I moaned and turned around to see her by the doorframe, yawning. In fairness, she did look like she had been beaten with a baseball bat and then dragged through a hedge. Okay, so I’m exaggerating. “I thought you were in the kitchen.”
“I was, but now I’m going to get my head down for another hour or so,”
“Okay.” 
She disappeared and left me alone in my living room. 
As soon as she left, a tapping noise at my left made me gasp. I looked to the side of me to see the roller blind down to the floor. Behind my patio door was Annie. I was sure I heard her clomping about on the decking during the night. It was hard not to make a sound on the decking. Even the cats sounded like they had clogs on in the old days, and me and the wife would sometimes hear them during the night. 
I bent over, making a groaning sound as I did it, and tightened my shoelaces before I pulled up the blind. There she was. Her dirty blonde hair, those wide milky eyes, like flying saucers, and her dirty white nightie. She could have done with a good wash, but she was dead. It didn’t really matter.
She looked unsteady on her feet and didn’t paw at the glass of my patio door, like she sometimes would. The glass was marked with her pawing from the other day and was in a desperate need of a wash. I had a small chuckle to myself and thought about the wife. What would she do if she was here? She hated dirty windows, and I knew this would drive her up the wall. 
A few months back, our usual window cleaner turned up and cleaned the windows. He had purposely avoided cleaning my daughter’s room, the bedroom that looked out onto the main road, which had two windows. How did I know this? Because I was on the opposite side of the road, waiting for my bus to work. It was after nine, I had just walked the kids round to the school, and was now at my usual bus stop. The window cleaner, who didn’t know I was at the bus stop, watching him, did the toilet window above and the living room window, but avoided the two bedroom windows and went round the back to do the rest. 
I texted my wife and told her. She was still in the house and had a day off from work, and when he had ‘finished’ he came to the door for his money and she told him not to come back again. She informed him, in the only way she could, that she would rather do them herself and he was about as much use as a coal-powered frog violin. Yeah. I didn’t know what that meant either. Basically she told him to fuck off and that he was a robbing bastard. 
She was never one for mixing her words and I hoped, and was pretty sure, that she was a different animal when she was at hospital where she worked as a Senior Staff Nurse.
A smack on the patio glass from Annie had managed to bring me out of my thoughts of yesteryear, and I smiled at the dead girl. I could have sworn that she had smiled back, or even developed creases in the corner of her mouth to create the thinnest of smiles, but I came to my senses pretty quickly. She was dead. She was one of them. 
“So how was your night?” I asked her from behind the thick pane of glass. Don’t ask me why. I had Emma staying with me now, so it wasn’t as if I was starved of company. “Rough one?”
She snarled, as I gazed at her, and gently stroked at the glass. I wasn’t goading the creature, I was… I don’t know what the fuck I was doing. She reminded me of my daughter, despite her appearance, and sometimes I would look at Annie and smile, and other times I’d look at her and feel upset. I wondered if my daughter, as well as the rest of my family, had turned, and if she had, then this was probably what she looked like. 
I rubbed my weary head, knowing that water and hydrating myself would be the answer to my self-inflicted pain, and took in a few deep breaths. A few gulps of fresh air would have been ideal, but a small matter of Annie was stopping me. A smile emerged under my nose when a thought appeared in my throbbing head. 
Maybe I should tie her up. 
I screwed my face in thought. “That’s not such a bad idea.”
I had my huge conniver tree at the bottom of the garden, the kids’ play swings to the side of it and my decking had banisters, so there was plenty of places I could tie her up to; I just needed the rope. 
“Why not?”
I went out of the back room and went into my downstairs bathroom. The bath was to the left, the toilet and sink at the far end of the small room, and to the right was a cupboard that was on the floor. The cupboard was under the stairs and was a place that the wife used to store extra toiletries, decorating equipment and bargains like crisps and biscuits that she would come across in the supermarket—I think I have mentioned that before. To the right of the cupboard was where I used to store my cans of Guinness. God, I missed that drink.
Apart from the decorating equipment that was in the cupboard, there wasn’t a lot else that was in there, but I did find some blue rope that had been used in the past for something that I couldn’t recall. I grabbed the rope, and left the cupboard, banging my head on the way out. After releasing a profanity or two, I closed the cupboard door and went back to my new living room, clutching onto the blue rope. 
Aware that Emma was in bed, I walked to the back room, wincing because of the noise the flooring was making with my steps, and placed my hand on the handle of the patio door, ready to open it.
“What the hell are you doing, Shaun?” I muttered under my breath.
I already had it planned: Open the door. Kick Annie over. Drag her to the tree and tie her up. Simple. Right?
I blew out a breath. “Here goes.”
I released the patio door handle. I had lost my nerve. Maybe it was a crazy idea. I thought that maybe I should wait until Emma woke up, discussed it with her and see what she thought, and, of course, give me a hand.
“Just do it.”
I went into the kitchen and took a knife from the block. I placed the knife in my back pocket, but was certain that I wouldn’t use it. I didn’t want to use it.
I pulled open the handle, and was taken aback by the speed of Annie. I front-kicked Annie into the midriff and forgot how light she was because she was such a young age. She flew backwards, landing hard on the decking, and I did something that I had learned when I was a prison officer many years ago; I grabbed her arm and put her in a thumb and wristlock. 
She snarled and tried to lash out at me with her free arm, but I managed to drag her over to the conniver tree. I pushed her over and grabbed both of her arms. Even though she was technically dead, I made sure that I didn’t break her arm when trying to tie them behind her back, her arms around the stump of the tree. 
Easier than I thought, I tied the blue rope around her wrists and made it as tight as I could get. Satisfied with my work, I got off my knees and walked around the tree, assessing the situation. I stood in front of the now-sitting Annie and goaded her, testing the strength of the rope. I was satisfied. She was going nowhere.
I had a look around the area. My lawn needed cutting, desperately, my fence badly needed creosoting and the decking needed a bit of a clean. Normally, because of the little gaps in the wood, it would be, on a monthly basis, cleaned by either myself or the wife. The decking was usually brushed, and then we’d hoover up all the stubborn bits of grass and stones that were still in the gaps. The wood looked dirty and was covered in bird shit. 
Annie’s appearance hadn’t made that much of a difference, but the marks on my patio glass from her pawing the windows was doing my head in, and at least now I could sit or stand in my own garden and get fresh air. With her tied to the tree, I went back into the house, grabbed some glass cleaner that hadn’t been used in many months from the kitchen cupboard, and took an old smelly tea-towel that was scrunched up and sitting by the empty bread bin.
I walked out of the kitchen, passing the bathroom to my left and the old living room to my right, and turned left once I reached the reception area and went into the new living room and opened the patio door. Annie was still tied to the tree, and I put the glass cleaner and tea-towel to good use and cleaned the outside patio door. I stepped inside and shut the door, inspecting my handy work. Not as good as the wife’s work, but it’d do. I then heard thudding from above me. It sounded like Emma was up. A minute later, she appeared in the new living room, or the back room. She complained that she couldn’t drop off and her mind was going at a hundred miles per hour. She asked if I had any toothpaste. I didn’t, but I had a spare brush she could use. It was better than nothing.
“Oh,” I said, stopping her in her tracks. “Once you’ve finished cleaning yourself up, fancy popping out on the decking for a bit of fresh air?”
She looked at me as if I was insane. I didn’t need to verbally explain to her that it was safe; I simply opened the patio door and pointed over at the conniver tree, and she could see that Annie was tied to it.
She shook her head and laughed, “You mad bastard.”
Chapter Twelve

Emma and myself stepped out of the living room and onto the decking. I closed the door behind me and went to the left part of the house, where the kitchen window was. I took two chairs that were sitting around the abandoned table, and put them against the wall, just underneath the kitchen window.
I apologised for the rusty garden furniture, but Emma laughed it off. We both sat down and gazed over at Annie. A soft wind tickled our faces and the pair of us moaned. Wow, it was such a great feeling. It was a feeling you took for granted in the old world, but when it happened, we both moaned in delight and then began to laugh at ourselves for groaning at the same time.
“I wonder where she came from,” Emma said out loud.
I asked, “Who? Annie?”
Emma nodded.
“No idea. I don’t recognise her from my street. We didn’t really have many kids living in our street; it was mainly elderly people.”
“Poor thing must have escaped her house and ran away from those things … maybe.” Emma didn’t seem so sure. “Or maybe she was in a car crash; she escaped on foot, then…”
“Doesn’t matter now, I suppose,” I said. “She’s gone. Whatever she was before, she’s no longer that child. Her body still moves, but she has no soul.”
“Shit,” Emma laughed and began to twirl her hair with her finger. “I had no idea you were the religious type.”
“I’m not,” I said.
“Where did that come from?”
I began to snicker to myself. “I have no idea.” 
Emma sighed and lifted her head up. It was a weird kind of day, weather wise. It was humid, but the sky was filled with grey threatening clouds, blocking the sun, and a gentle wind could be felt on our faces once more. 
Emma moaned again when the wind caressed her features, and I had another look around, especially at the back of the houses, behind my garden. Over my fence that was situated at the bottom of my garden, was another back garden belonging to another house to another street. The back of the houses that I could see belonged to another street called Blackstone Crescent, and I remember when I first moved into my house, some sixteen years ago when I was in my twenties, I could never get used to having people’s back bedrooms looking onto my house from the other street. 
One Sunday morning, a few years ago, I got up with a hangover and my throat was so dry and my head hurt so much that I practically crawled downstairs. Once I was in the kitchen, dressed in only my Fred Flintstone boxer shorts, I had a couple of glasses of water, then stared out of my kitchen window. I began to fantasise for a few minutes, but when I snapped out of it, I realised that I had been looking up at the back of a house that was opposite mine. 
When I managed to regain my focus, I could see in the bedroom and realised that I had been daydreaming. It must have looked like I was staring into it. 
At the window was a heavy woman with her hands on her hips, clearly angry, and had thought that I had been spying on her. Trust me. She wasn’t really a woman that your average male voyeur would spy on. I don’t want to sound unkind, but she had a mass of frizzy ginger hair—I have nothing against ginger hair, a face like a bucket of worms and a figure that would struggle to squeeze into a size 20 dress. Now, before you go all judgemental, I have no problem with big women, but this salad dodger, thinking I was spying on her, was kidding herself on. If I was that desperate and sexually deprived, I would have simply logged onto Pornhub and cracked one off to the chubby milf section.
Sitting on my rusty chair with Emma by my side, I gazed at that very same window. The curtains were closed, and I guessed that she had left the house or she was dead inside. Maybe she had killed herself.
Strangely enough, as I was thinking about yesteryear, Emma asked me, “So who lives in those houses over there?” 
I began to laugh, “I haven’t a clue. I didn’t really know my neighbours that well, not even the ones near me.”
“You’re hopeless,” said Emma. 
I leaned my head back and put my arms behind my head. “Us two are sitting out here,” I began. “And there’re over fifty houses in my street, at least.”
“And what’s your point?”
“There must be survivors about, even in this street alone. So I’m guessing that there’re thousands, possibly hundreds of thousands across the UK.”
“Don’t think about it too much. You’ll start to get a headache.” 
I smiled and stared to my left, thinking about my neighbours, Rena especially. Poor Rena. I lost my smile and began to think about my own family. It was hard to express how I felt. Of course I missed them, but I had no idea if they were dead or not, so I couldn’t grieve. I know it had been six months, but because I had no idea if they were alive or dead there was always that glimmer of hope that kept me going and kept me at my house. 
“You’d think there’d be more carnage,” I began, “considering what has happened … or should I say, what is still happening.”
“What do you mean?” Emma seemed confused. “You mean … blood and stuff?”
I nodded. “I thought the street would be in a right mess. I know it’s a bit morbid.” 
“Just a bit,” she began to laugh. “There’s plenty about. On the way here, before I crashed the car there were bodies everywhere. There’s a crashed car right at the top of the road, just outside this street, with blood inside. It was horrendous.”
“I’ve never left the street,” I groaned. “I was too scared to, just in case…” 
“What’s that?” Emma suddenly blurted out.
I looked at Emma and asked her, “What?”
“I saw something.” She pointed at the house next to the one that was directly opposite mine.
“Are you sure?” I didn’t know whether she was hallucinating or not. The bedroom she pointed at had its curtains closed.
“Yes, I’m sure. I saw the curtains move. I know I’m still a bit tender from last night, but I’m not seeing things. Anyway, who lives there?”
“No idea.” 
We both continued to look. A wind blew past and a bit of grit went into my left eye. I gave it a fierce rub, and once the pair of them were opened we could both see that the curtains had been pulled open by a couple of inches. She was right. 
We both looked at one another, then Emma began to wave at the window, even though we couldn’t see a face.
“What’re you doing?” I asked her.
“Letting them know that we’re friendly.”
“Friendly? We don’t even know who they are.”
“They’re your neighbours, aren’t they?”
The curtains remained pulled apart and we both watched with intrigue, but for minutes nothing happened. Then a face appeared, making Emma gasp. My eyes weren’t the greatest, but I could work out that the face belonged to a young female, possibly a teenager. She waved, and I waved back.
“Oh, bless.” Emma put her hand over her mouth. You know, that thing women do when they become upset. “We’ve got to help her.”
“Help her?” Just the thought of going over there made me jitter with nerves. “How do we know she needs help? She might be with her parents. She might be like us, just trying to ride this out.” 
“I’m not so sure.” Emma disappeared through the patio door, leaving me sitting on the chair, wondering what the hell she was up to. 
I looked over at Annie. It looked like she had given up struggling. She sat with her head bowed, not making a sound. I knew if I walked over to her, she’d be back to her snarling ways, trying to take a chunk out of me. 
My eyes moved back up to where we saw the teenager. She wasn’t there anymore. Emma then came out of the patio door and onto the decking. She had a pad of paper and a marker in her hand.
“Found them in one of your kitchen drawers,” she said.
I knew what she was going to do, so I didn’t bother asking.
She looked up to the bedroom, to see there was no girl there anymore, and sat down and began to write on the A4 paper with the marker. Do You Need Help?
We waited a few minutes. Where we sat was a nice little suntrap when the hot weather was upon us, but even the wind was welcomed. It was good to be outdoors, even though the circumstances of the world were very grim.
“No sign of her,” I muttered the obvious.
“Yep.” Emma sighed. “But she’ll return. Hopefully.”
We didn’t have to wait a minute when Emma pointed and said, “Look.”
The girl in the window began waving at the pair of us, I assumed it was both of us, and Emma held up the piece of paper with her sign. 
We could see the young female nodding and she opened her window and called out, “You have to help me!”
Her call for help was heartfelt, but I couldn’t help feeling paranoid with her raised voice. It didn’t seem to bother Emma.
She continued, “My parents have turned and are downstairs. I can’t get out.”
A part of me felt for the young girl, but another part of me was thinking: Shut the fuck up, will you, love? 
Emma stepped off the decking and went to the bottom of my garden, over to the fence. She did this so she didn’t have to raise her voice as much. Emma asked the young girl, “Can’t you just jump down and come over to us?”
“No,” she sobbed.
“Why not?”
She pointed downwards, but Emma couldn’t see because of their hedge that was behind my fence. Emma lifted herself up, both hands on top of the fence, and peered over the hedge. “Shit.”
“What is it?” I had now stepped off the decking and onto my lawn. 
“Take a look for yourself.”
So I did. 
I walked towards where my kids’ swings were, passing the tied up Annie, and stood next to Emma. I lifted myself up and had a three second look. “Bollocks.”
There was a male teenager in the girl’s garden, at the bottom of her window, and I didn’t ask who it was. I already knew that it was her brother. It was a feeling I had.
Emma asked who it was anyway, and the young girl confirmed that it was her dead brother that was also stopping her from fleeing the house. She told us that her parents downstairs had kept her up in the rooms and from fleeing the house. I had no idea how this scenario had developed and how the girl had survived all alone, but the primary goal was to now get the girl out of there. 
We couldn’t just leave her. Not now.
“What’s your name?” Emma asked the frightened teenager.
She replied, “Jane.”
“Right, Jane,” Emma began to explain. “We’re going to come over and get you out of there.” 
“Erm…” I gulped and turned to Emma. “We are?”
Emma never acknowledged me and continued, “But we’re gonna have to do something that you could find upsetting.”
“Upsetting?” I tapped Emma on the shoulder. “What do you mean by upsetting?”
Emma turned to me and told me that the girl’s brother was a DC—I wished she stopped calling them that—and that she needed to take care of it.
“You’re going to kill Aiden, aren’t you?” the girl cried.
We assumed that Aiden was her brother, roaming around the garden in his new dead world. 
“Yes, we are.” Emma pulled no punches. 
“What about my parents?”
“You told me that your parents are on the bottom floor, so they’re no danger to you if you’re going to escape out of your bedroom window. We can just leave them.”
“I don’t want to jump from my room,” she cried. “I might break something.”
I turned and whispered to Emma, “Look, I’m not going to go in there and kill two of those things if we don’t need to. Just make her jump.”
“I don’t think we have much of a choice. She’s too scared to jump.”
I sighed. I know it was selfish and a young girl was in desperate need to escape, but I couldn’t stop thinking about the two dead in the house, as well as the brother in the garden. 
I had spent six months managing to avoid these things and now I had to do this. I think it’s fair to say that Emma was braver than me.
Chapter Thirteen

Emma climbed the fence first and made sure that the girl’s brother was facing the wall when she landed on the other side, in their garden. I followed her, with my bowels well and truly loosened. Apart from Rena, I had managed to avoid these things, and now I was about to come face to face with one of them and then go into a house that had more of them inside. If I hadn’t have tied Annie up and left her where she was, this wouldn’t have happened. We wouldn’t have gone outside and we wouldn’t have spotted the girl in the window. It was all my fault.
“I’ve got the brother,” Emma turned around and whispered.
That was fine with me.
I watched as Emma crept up behind the ghoul, knife in hand, as if she had done this many times before. I guessed that she had, considering the way she handled herself in my street when we were coming back with the supplies from her car.
She walked with silent steps, in the long grass, and grabbed the dark hair of the teenage creature. I screwed my face as I saw her knife stick into the back of its head. I wasn’t even sure a knife could penetrate a skull. I could feel myself getting nauseous, but Emma had made it worse when she pulled out the knife, revealing the blood running off the blade, and then allowed the body to drop to the floor and said, “Right, let’s go inside.” 
I looked up to the bedroom window and saw the girl crying, which was understandable. Emma had stuck a knife into the back of her brother’s head. Yes, he was a ghoul, but it must have been an awful thing to witness for the girl. I then began to wonder how I’d feel if it was the wife or one of the kids getting knifed if they had turned. 
I shook my head and decided not to torture myself with these unnecessary horrific scenes. Emma headed for the side door, the main door of the house, and gave it a try. It was locked. Of course it was locked.
“Just get her to jump down,” I said with a panic. I had seen enough. “This is madness, going in with those things in there.”
“She won’t jump down.” Emma snapped, then said, “I’m gonna try something.”
She turned around, sat on the concrete doorstep and began to take her right boot off, followed by her sock, I wondered what the hell she was doing, but never asked. I just stood and watched. 
She put the sock over her right fist, and once I looked at this and then at the glass panes in the door, I then began to understand what was about to happen. She put her fist through the pane of glass, took off the sock and reached in for the lock. She had managed to unlock it as well as take the chain off the door, and a huge smile spread across her face. I had no idea why she was smiling. It meant that now we had to go inside, or at least that was what I thought at the time. 
She sat down on the outside doorstep and put her sock and boot back on. She stood to her feet, placed her hand on the door and flashed me a smile. “Ready, big boy?”
I gulped. “Not really.”
She opened the door and began to knock it.
“What the fuck are you doing?” My heart was beginning to giddy-up and gazed at Emma as if she had lost her mind.
She took a step back, clasping the knife and looked ready to attack. I then realised what she was up to. It was simple really, but at the time I was quite impressed with her thinking. Rather than going inside, she was trying to entice them out, which was a safer idea. 
She knocked again, and this time we could both hear the sound of dragging feet. 
Emma took a few more steps back and I grabbed my hammer with both hands, the sweat making my grip weaken.
Predictably, a middle-aged man, followed by a woman of similar age, stumbled out of the door.
Emma front kicked the male, then the female. He tumbled, but never fell, the female did. Emma now only had one, for the time being, to deal with, and she dealt with the problem with little hesitation. She allowed the male to get near her and rammed her knife into the side of its head, into the left temple. She took a quick step back and we both watched as it fell to its knees, then hit the floor, face down. She bent over and pulled out the knife. We could both see the female getting to her feet.
Emma was panting, some of her hair wet with perspiration, and said, “Your turn. And I wish you’d brought a knife instead.”
I didn’t protest. I would have had a cheek to protest. Emma was making me look bad, and I had killed one before. Rena. It was time for me to step up.
I allowed the female ghoul to stagger towards me, heart crashing against my chest. I gripped the hammer with my sweaty palms, and then I struck. The blow hit the woman on the top of her skull, but it wasn’t enough to put her down. I struck again. This time the blow was weaker, but this one had managed to make the creature tumble backwards. I used this opportunity to give her one more strike, the skull cracking with the blow. It fell and it bled from the head. It had been destroyed.
I looked down on the poor thing and could feel my stomach doing cartwheels with the nauseous feeling. I felt pain in my stomach and thought right there I was going to get the squirts. 
Fortunately, I managed to keep everything inside and followed Emma as she entered the house.  
Chapter Fourteen

All three of us had left Jane’s house. 
Wearing old clothes, consisting of black leggings and a black T-shirt, the teenage girl walked across her lawn, looking up and keeping her eyes from the ground. She was near Emma who had a comforting arm around the frightened girl. 
I walked in front of them and was the first to climb the fence that me and the wife had paid to be built many years ago.
When we first moved in, the back garden and the side of the house never used to have a fence there. There used to be a privet hedge instead, which was a bugger to trim. It'd take me two hours to cut, so ripping out the hedge and replacing it with the fence not only made it look better, but it saved me wasting two hours of my time, every fortnight, trimming a hedge that I detested. The only bit of hedge that was left was at the front garden.
Once I managed to climb the fence, and to be honest I struggled, I turned and urged the girls to hurry.
The young girl hobbled with Emma. She wasn't injured as such; she just looked exhausted, malnourished, and needed a good sleep. I was guessing that with what she had to put up with, with her dead parents there on the ground floor, sleep was something she struggled with for the last six months. But I could have been wrong. I suppose no matter the situation, tiredness usually wins in the end.
I said to Emma softly, “Get the girl over first. Give her a bunk up. It'll make it easier.”
“Okay,” Emma agreed.
The fourteen-year-old looked at Emma and said, “It's okay. I can do it myself.”
Emma smiled at the youngster and waited behind her as she climbed over the fence. I could see on my side that the bottom panels of the fence were stained green. I know it should have been the last thing on my mind, but I began to think how long it had been since I had creosoted it. I think it was before the neighbours had theirs done. And that was two years ago. 
I remembered, because they got some guy in to do it. Instead of painting their fence, he used a spray, and the creosote had come through the gaps in the panels and went over the decking and the kids' play swings. The wife was not happy and told him that once he was finished, he was going to have to come round and clean his mess up that he had left in our garden. 
The young girl seemed startled once her eyes clocked Annie, but Emma reassured her that the dead thing was tied to a tree and wasn’t going anywhere. 
As soon as all three of us had managed to get onto my decking, I had a quick scan around before sliding back the patio door. I still don't know why I did this. 
We entered the living room, or the back room, as the wife used to call it, and closed the door. Both females slumped on the leather couch and I went into the kitchen to see if I could get the young girl a drink. 
I returned with a small bottle of water. She snatched it off me and drank it like she hadn't drank in days. She passed me back the empty bottle, making no apologies for snatching the bottle out of my hand, and started becoming emotional. 
Emma threw her arm around the youngster and their heads leaned against one another's. Both females were emotional and I felt like a stranger in my own house. I decided to leave them be and take a walk around. 
I took my blue and silver Adidas trainers off and put them into the wooden shoe rack in the back room. Then I left with just my socks on my feet, and decided to take a stroll upstairs. I went by the rectangle hole in the wall to my right and reached the landing. The rectangle hole used to be a window with frosted glass. I missed the sun shining through that window on an evening. It would brighten up the hall and downstairs, but it was blocked off once we had our extension. Behind where the window used to be was the master bedroom, the new master bedroom where the wife and I slept, or used to. 
I decided to go into my bedroom and lie on the bed whilst the girls got acquainted downstairs. I looked up at the ceiling, hands behind my head, and noticed the small patch near the light. When I painted the ceiling eleven months ago, I had missed the small patch and promised the wife that I would fix it. I still hadn't got round to doing it. It didn't seem important now.
I looked around at the room. 
Six years ago the room wasn't here. There was nothing. 
When the extension to the house was built, it had given us a reception area, another living room, another bedroom, and a bathroom—although technically there was no bath. There was a shower, sink and toilet. The bath was downstairs, along with another sink and a toilet. 
Halfway through the work on the extension, the builder was complaining about how he struggled to go to the toilet. The reason why he decided to tell the wife was because he knew she was a nurse. She urged him to go to the doctors and he continued with the work, alongside a young apprentice called James, and inbetween working he was getting tests done. 
James had a bit of a mouth on him, so much so that my son, who was only four at the time, had picked up on James’ bad language and had unknowingly verbally abused my father-in-law, his granddad. 
After a visit from the father-in-law, whilst the work was getting done, my little boy toddled over to the front door and opened it for his granddad.
“Thank you, son.” His granddad guffawed at his polite manners. “Enjoy the rest of your day.”
My son's response? “Get fucking out.”
To say that my wife's dad was stunned would be an understatement, and we had to spend many minutes persuading him that he was getting the bad language off one of the builders and not his parents. 
We promised that we would have a word with James when he arrived the next day.
We did, and eight months later, our builder, the one that had tests done, had died from bowel cancer. 
PART FOUR
Chapter Fifteen

A scream made me get off my bed. I ran out of my room. 
My feet galloped downstairs after hearing the scream, and my body began to shake with the adrenaline coursing through me. Once I reached the bottom of the stairs, I turned left to get to my reception area and then left again. I jogged to the back room, the new living room, where Emma and Jane were hugging one another. Emma continued to console Jane and stroked the back of her head. 
I held out my hands, wondering what the hell was happening. I then began to think that maybe Jane had dropped off and had had a nightmare.
“Your front door,” Emma said.
“What?” I had no idea what Emma was talking about.
“My front door? What about it?”
“Didn't you see it?”
Once you reach the bottom of my stairs and turn left into the reception area, there are two ways to go. Taking a left, which I did, would take you into the back room and out onto the back garden if you decided to open the patio doors. Taking a right would take you to my front door, just a couple of yards walk, and that would lead out onto my drive and my street.
I took a step back and looked from the back room. The living room door was open; it was always open, so I was able to see from the room I was in, down to the reception area. My eyes clocked my main door, and through the frosted glass I could see one of the dead. It was on the doorstep and was smacking its rotting palms on the glass of the door. The slapping wasn't too hard, so I wasn't worried that the glass would give way, but what irked me was the fact that this one ghoul could attract more if it wasn't dealt with. One couldn’t get through the door, but a herd of them…
I turned to Emma for advice, but before I opened my mouth, she said straightaway, “You know what to do.”
“What?”
Still consoling Jane, Emma said, “You need to get rid of it.”
“Rid of it?” I snapped. “It's not a fucking Jehovah’s Witness.”
“I mean … kill it,” Emma sighed. “You need to kill it. If you don't...”
“Yeah, yeah, yeah,” I responded petulantly. “I know what'll happen if I leave it.”
“It heard Jane scream once she saw it, and it probably saw you coming in here, so it's not going anywhere. It’s not going to go away.”
I fell silent. I knew Emma had a point.
“Okay. I'll go and get something,” I puffed, and then headed for the kitchen. I walked down the reception hall, stirring the creature even more, and turned right and went straight down, passing the bathroom to my right and the old living room to the left, then stepped into the kitchen and glared at the wooden knife block. There were a few knives missing, and it dawned on me that I kept taking a knife whenever I left the house, but wasn’t returning them to their home. 
“You don't have to use a knife,” I muttered to myself. Then remembered that I had a hammer somewhere. “Where the fuck have I put it?” I moaned.
I then left the kitchen to go into the bathroom. Once I was in the bathroom, I opened the cupboard under the stairs that was to my right, and had a look around. Inside was my small toolbox and I opened it up. It consisted of screwdrivers, ratchets and spanners. Nothing that would be of help. 
I threw the toolbox back into the cupboard and left the bathroom. I remembered that there was a large ball hammer in the cupboard on the landing. There was also a wooden bat available, but I wasn't sure if the bat would do the trick or if it would break once it made impact on the skull of the DC, as Emma called them. I had kept the bat in that cupboard for years. I did this in case we were ever burgled. 
If somebody broke into my house and began making their way upstairs whilst my children slept in their beds, then arms would be broken and balls busted.
I went upstairs, grabbed the hammer and went back down to the ground floor. To be honest, I was taking my time. I had put things off for most of my life and I don't know why. I've always been like this.
I remember going for my driving test and pleased that it had been cancelled and was put forward another month because of bad weather. Most people would have the attitude let's just get it over with, but not me. 
I stepped into the living room, holding the hammer in my right hand, and could see Emma peering at me with a vulture's eye.
“What is it?” I asked her. 
Emma and Jane had broken away from their cuddle and both were now sitting up on my leather couch.
“A hammer?” Emma shook her head.
“And what's wrong with that?” I asked. “I used one on Jane’s mum.”
Jane gasped, and I immediately apologised. 
“Bludgeoning one of those things will take time and will be messy. Just knife the dead prick.” Emma then turned to Jane and apologised for her colourful language.
I hunched my shoulders. “I suppose I could do that.” 
Emma was making sense, and she also had experience of killing those things. More than I did. 
She wasn't finished there. She also added, “And what happens when you smash that prick like whack a mole and finally put it down on your tenth strike, if you're lucky, and find that you have blood in your eye?”
I scratched my head in thought. “So what?”
“You do realise, cockwomble, that you can get infected if blood goes in your eye, on open cuts or—”
“Really? I had no idea.”
“Didn't you watch the television all those months ago?”
“Of course I did. It was a while ago now.”
“Well, trust me,” she said. “Before you go out there, hammer or knife, put a pair of shades or goggles on, if you’ve got any.”
“But you never wore goggles.”
“Just do it this once, please.”
I paused for thought. I wondered where I could get a pair of shades or goggles from, and then it came to me. I went over to the leather footstool and had done something I hadn't done in months. 
I lifted it up and saw the brown blanket that was always there. I pulled out the blanket, ignoring Emma who was asking what I was doing, and saw two pairs of swimming goggles. My heart sank when I saw them. 
There was a pair of pink goggles and a yellow and black pair of Batman ones that my boy used to wear. Every Sunday I'd take them to the swimming when their mummy was working her twelve-hour shift at the hospital. Most of the times I'd take them to the big one up the road called Bellahouston, but they also liked the one near the Silverburn shopping centre. That one wasn't as big as Bellahouston, but it had a wave machine.
I picked up the Batman goggles and was reluctant to put them on at first. Emma could see this and she was beginning to understand why I was so hesitant. 
“You're wearing them to keep yourself alive,” she said. “It's for a good reason.”
I put the hammer into my pocket and nodded in agreement and put them on. 
“Now, are you sure you still want to use the hammer?” Emma wasn't being patronising; she looked genuinely concerned. “A knife would be quicker and less messier.”
“You’re right.” I nodded. 
I left the new living room to get to the kitchen, ignoring the slapping hands from the dead ghoul outside as I went by the frosted glass door. I kept the hammer in my pocket for added insurance, in case anything went wrong, and pulled out a steak knife from the wooden block.  There were much bigger knives to pick from, but I thought that something sharp and thinner than the average knife would go through the eye easier. 
That was the plan: Stab it straight through the eye and penetrate the brain. A thicker knife would struggle to get past the bony eye socket and it’d be difficult to push it further in. Or at least that's what I thought at the time.
I was unsure whether to go out the patio door, sneak down my alleyway and 'surprise' the thing and kill it from behind. But then I thought: If I wanted to stab it through the eye, I'd have to be face to face with the diseased fuckwit. I changed my mind, and I decided to use the hammer and placed the knife in my pocket. I could hear Emma sighing, but this time she kept her mouth shut. 
“Stay there,” Emma said to Jane, and pulled out the knife from her pocket and walked towards myself. She closed the living room door and it was now Emma and I, alone, standing in the reception area.
“I want to do this myself,” I said to her, slightly offended that she was by my side. “This is my house.”
“I know.” Emma nodded and gave me a wink. “I'm just here in case you mess it up. I know what men are like.”
“I’m not stupid, you know?”
“Yes, you are,” Emma snickered. “You’re a man, but you’re not as stupid as my ex.”
“What was up with him?”
“Well, let’s just say he was a waste of a perfectly shaved vagina.”
I began to laugh, and was certain that she was trying to settle my nerves. “Not all men are stupid, Emma.”
“No they’re not.” She nodded in agreement. “Some are dead.”
I shook my head with a scowl. “Why are you so anti-men?”
“I’m not. I’m anti-stupid. Now, are you gonna open that friggin' door or what?”
“Okay.” I blew out a sharp breath and looked at Emma Rowley. “On three?”
She nodded the once.
“One...” I placed my hand on the door handle. “Two...” I took a deep breath in, clutching the hammer. “Three! Come on!” I yelled at the top of my voice, trying to motivate myself, pulled on the handle and tried to pull the door open. It wouldn't budge, so I tried it again. 
Nothing. 
I snarled and pulled at it once more, then I looked down and saw the key dangling and realised that it was locked, like it usually was.
“Shall we try again?” Emma bit her bottom lip, trying to hide a smirk. “But this time with the door unlocked.”
“Alright, alright.” I was so nervous that I wasn't thinking. “So I wasn't thinking straight.”
I took a hold of the key, as the DC was banging its hands on the pane of the frosted glass, and turned it with my shaky left hand. I turned to Emma. “On three again?”
“Just open the fucking door,” she sighed.
So I did.
A growl from the hideous-looking beast made me cry out, I'm ashamed to say, and I hesitated for a couple of seconds. Its face was a strange blue colour, milky eyes, and its bottom lip had been torn away, showing its yellow and rotten bottom teeth.
Finally, I struck the thing with the ball of the hammer, hitting the top of its head. But it wasn't enough. It stepped into the reception area and I released a cry and hit it in the middle of its forehead this time. It staggered back outside and came off the doorstep that was twelve inches in height, and fell over. 
The beast landed on its back, making its demise easier for me. 
I stepped out and then bent down and smacked it in the same place, and this time the hammer went in its skull. I pulled the tool out, but it was a struggle to do so. I reached for the knife in my pocket and stuck it into the area where the hammer had exposed a small part of its diseased brain.
I left the knife where it was, grabbed one of its legs and dragged it off of my drive and left it on the pavement, behind my privet hedge that desperately needed cutting.
Despite what had just happened, my body didn't seem to be in a great rush to get back inside the house. I gazed down at my drive that had cost me 3k and could see the unevenness in the work that was done. 
There were bumps and a couple or cracked tiles, but this wasn't wear and tear, it had been like this since the job had been completed. It had been done in January, five months before that announcement was made on the news, and a hopeless guy called John, who represented a firm called Osprey, did the job. It took him over a week to do and would turn up at 10am and then disappear two hours later. The alarm bells were ringing already and the wife and I just wanted it done so we could see the back of this useless cunt. 
Once the job was done and the man was paid, we noticed as the months ticked by that some parts of the drive were collapsing, so we had to contact the company but we were being fobbed off. This continued for months, and whilst this was going on we decided to dip our hands in our pocket once more and get the roof done. 
It had been a stressful year, despite it only being a few months old, and around March I was beginning to feel unwell. Things weren't working properly downstairs, and I'm not talking about the old pork sword, I'm talking about my bowels. I hadn't taken a shit in days, very unusual for me as I'm usually a first thing in the morning kind of guy, and felt some severe discomfort down the left side of my stomach where the colon is based.
It got that bad that the wife came back from one of her shifts and I was given an enema. Very uncomfortable. I went to the GPs and all he did was put me on a course of Laxido during the April period. I was taken to see a colon expert and had a finger up my anus, followed by a camera. I had a blood test and the expert suggested that I should go for a CT scan, then after the scan I would need an endoscopy and colonoscopy just to make sure I was okay from a health point of view. 
The wife drove me back to work from the hospital on this Thursday morning, but the whole magnitude of what had just happened, and what else was about to happen, hit me, and I had a mini breakdown. She turned the car around, we went home and she called my work for me and told them I wasn’t coming in. 
The CT scan was next and this occurred during mid-April. The wife and the two kids went to Austin, Texas to visit my sister-in-law. There was no point them hanging around. She was thinking about cancelling their holiday, which I wasn't going on anyway, but I told them to go. 
I went to the hospital and found out that the machine wasn't working, so I was told to go upstairs where they would put me on the other one. I stripped in the changing room and put on the gown, and then I waited for a while. I was then asked by a nurse to join her in the room where the CT scan was, lay down, and was told that I'd be given some liquid that would make me feel warm, so that they could see if there was anything untoward. 
It went fine and I went to work. 
When my wife returned with the kids from Texas, I had two weeks before I was due to go to the hospital for my colonoscopy and endoscopy. I was dreading it. 
I was probably dreading the result more than the procedure itself, as I was told that they would tell me there if they had found anything sinister.
The time had come and I was reasonably calm about the situation. I went into the waiting room with the wife. My name was eventually called out and they told the wife to come back for me in two hour’s time. The whole thing was a nightmare. I asked to get sedated for the colonoscopy and wanted throat spray before the endoscopy. They had forgotten to give me both. 
I was wheeled into the area, had a tube put down my throat and down into my stomach. It felt like I was being tortured and spent the whole five to ten minutes, at least that’s what it felt like, retching. Of course, there was nothing in my stomach because I had to fast and take four packets of klean prep the day before, so by the end of the day I was only passing water out of my back passage. 
After they had finished looking in my stomach and had taken a few biopsies for further research, the tube was slowly pulled out. I was given a minute to recuperate before flipped over and had a long tube put up my arse. The tube was so long that it felt like I was being mounted by a moose. And then they pumped me with air and I felt like my stomach was going to explode. 
Once that was over and the tube was taken out, I was told that everything looked okay and that I would have a confirmation letter in a few week’s time after they had checked the biopsies taken from my stomach. It was a weird afternoon, after coming back from the hospital. I was neither relieved or overjoyed. I was just shattered and slept on my bed for three hours.
A couple of weeks after this event, me and the wife focused back on the drive and tried the claims court to see if we could get compensation for the shambles of a job that had been done to the drive. They got into contact with the main man from Osprey and were told that the business had now folded and didn't exist. Surprise, surprise. There was nothing that could be done. We gave up and then a month or so later a piece of paper was put through our door. 
It was from John. The guy that did the drive. The useless cunt.
The note said: Had a look at your drive. Noticed the front needs repaired. Be back and squeeze you in next week sometime. 
A few days after it came through our door, the wife and kids went out shopping on the Saturday, leaving me all by myself. It was the last time I saw them. Hours after they'd left, the infection had been announced and it dominated the media.

*

“Shaun. Shaun.”
I was pulled out of my daydreaming, stopped looking down at the drive and gaped to my left. I was brought back to a harsh reality and saw Emma Rowley standing in my doorway. It wasn’t the wife, or my two kids, but a woman I had only met a few days ago and hardly knew.
“You were miles away,” Emma said.
“What?” I snapped, took off the goggles and began to rub my eyes.
“You were staring at the ground for ages. I thought you were having a breakdown.”
“I'm fine.”
“You sure?”
I nodded.
“Right,” she beckoned. “Come on in. If any DCs enter the street and clock you...”
“I know.”
She didn’t have to say anything further. I stepped into the reception area and Emma shut and locked the front door once I was inside.
Chapter Sixteen

I took a drink of water and winced once the liquid went down. My throat was as dry as a nun’s snatch, and I could feel a lump in my throat as if I was emotional about something. But I wasn't. I was convinced that I was coming down with something. Maybe just a twenty-four hour bug. I would rather have a sore throat than sickness and diarrhoea. 
I had a cheek to complain, considering what was happening.
I took another swig of water and looked into my kitchen cupboard to see what there was to satisfy my stomach. There wasn't much. 
I went on my tiptoes and tried to see if there was anything on the top shelf. I could see a blue wrapper. I reached in and managed to pull out what was sitting at the back. It was a croissant that could be served hot or cold. A small smile emerged under my nose and I could feel the water in my eyes increasing. 
I used to get up every morning with the kids and make them breakfast. Whilst they ate their breakfast, Thomas always used to have Weetabix, I would get their lunch bags ready. He would have a jam sandwich, a packet of chicken satays and a packet of salt ‘n’ vinegar Hula Hoops crisps. The girl would have a ham sandwich, a pepperami, and would also have a packet of Hula Hoops crisps. Same flavour. That was for their lunch, but they also required a mid-morning snack, which would be an apple and a croissant. I had no idea there were any left and just holding this blue wrapper in my hand made me feel nauseous with grief and brought the memories flooding back.
I looked at the back of the wrapper and could see it was two months out of date, but I still unwrapped it and ate the thing in seconds. It tasted all right to me and it wasn't something that made me sick. 
I put the wrapper in the bin and stared out of my kitchen window that looked out onto my back garden. I looked to my left, gazing at the six-foot fence that was put up years ago after a dispute with the neighbours. Then my eyes looked down onto the lawn. It was shabby-looking, overgrown, and then my eyes moved right and gazed at the conifer tree. 
Shit. 
I glared at the tree trunk for a few seconds to make sure my eyes weren't deceiving me. Annie had gone. I could see the loose rope on the grass, but no Annie anymore. I then heard a scream coming from the back room. The scream sounded like it belonged to young Jane.
“Shaun!” Emma cried out. 
I ran out of the kitchen, down the hall, passing the bathroom and living room, then made a sharp left into the back room. I could see Emma standing at the right of the room, next to the defunct LG TV that was attached to the wall, and was comforting the little girl. Both females were staring at the patio doors. I could see Annie on the other side. I don't know how she had come loose, but she had. She had made her way over the lawn, managed the steps up onto the decking and reached the patio doors without any of us hearing a sound.
“Jane heard a noise,” Emma began to explain, without looking at me. “So she pulled up the roller blind.”
“And got the fright of her life,” I sighed.
“So what now?” Emma asked. “You want me to kill it?”
“It’s already dead.”
“You know what I mean, smart arse.” Emma asked again, “Well? Do you?”
I shook my head, but I think Emma already knew what the answer was going to be. I don't even know why she asked in the first place.
“'So ... what now?” Emma was becoming impatient. “Tie it back up? Give it a friggin’ head massage?”
“I don't know. Can't we just leave her there?” I suggested. “She's doing nobody any harm, is she?”
“Apart from scaring the life out of Jane.”
“She won’t get in, will she?” Jane cried.
“No,” I sighed with impatience. “She doesn’t have a key.”
“Shaun,” Emma groaned. “Don’t be such a dick.”
“I thought you’d be desensitised by these things, Jane,” I said, “with what happened to your parents and your brother. Anyway, there’s no way Annie can get in, unless you let her in.”
Jane looked at me with puzzlement. “You’ve given it a name?”
“Er … yeah.” I flushed red.
“That’s … weird,” Jane said, making Emma smile.
Emma pulled down the roller and huffed, “I suppose she’s doing no one any harm there.” She then turned to Jane and said, “Whatever you do, never open this door unless one of us are around, understood?”
Jane nodded. “Yes, of course.”
Emma sat down on the leather footstool and put her arm around the frightened Jane. Emma looked at Jane and said, “Maybe having Annie there may help you get used to the things. It's been six months since it started. Need to get used to this new world if you want to survive in it. Maybe one day I’ll show you how to kill one of those things.”
Jane looked frightened once Emma had finished her sentence and said, “I’m not sure about that.”
“You’ll be okay.”
“I was crapping myself when I made my first kill,” I said to Jane. 
“That’s right.” Emma nodded. “And look how you handled that dead thing on your drive. You were like a fanny.”
“That was my third one. I have killed before that incident, you know.” I thought about Rena. Poor Rena. 
“I didn't accuse you of not killing before. I saw you kill Jane’s mum. All I’m getting at is that you just lack experience. If we're somehow thrown into the deep end and have to go out and come across a horde of these DCs, then we may have to hack our way through.”
I didn't respond further. 
Emma was correct what she was saying, but she came across as a little patronising and it annoyed me. I felt like she was the teacher and I was her student.
Anyway, to my annoyance, Emma wasn't finished there, and added, “I have an idea.”
“Oh?” I sat on the other end of the couch, trying to ignore the noises that Annie was making behind the glass door.
Jane yawned and Emma asked Jane if she needed a lie down. Emma smiled when Jane said yes.
“What bedroom shall I use?” asked Jane. 
“Go in the nearest room, on the right.” It was my son's room, but it had been six months since he had slept in his bed and I didn't mind.
Jane thanked me and left Emma and I alone together.
I waited until Jane had reached the top of the stairs, and then asked, “So what's this idea of yours?”
 “Well,” Emma released a breath out, a little reluctant to continue. “I was thinking that ... maybe...”
“Yes?” I said with obvious impatience in my tone.
“We could tie up that beast outside—”
“Annie,” I snapped. She was dead, one of those things, but she was still a little girl. “Her name’s Annie.”
“After we've tied her up,” Emma continued, ignoring the fact that I had corrected her that the dead thing had been given a name, “I want Jane to ... practice on Annie.”
“Practice?” I wasn’t sure what Emma meant. “You mean like target practice?”
“Well, not exactly.” Emma looked flustered and rubbed her hands over her face. “I thought that maybe Jane could stab it a few times in the chest, while it still snarled and gnashed away. Then, eventually, she could put it out of its misery by putting the knife in its head, in an area of her own choice.”
“Are you listening to yourself? Are you serious?”
Emma hunched her shoulders. “Why not?”
I could understand where Emma was coming from, but Jane was only a young girl and I didn't want to see Annie get her head stabbed.
I sat down next to Emma and my face alone must have told her that I thought it was a bad idea.
She said, “At least think about it. If she comes face to face with one of those things and is too frightened to kill it…”
“It's already dead—”
“Don't be pernickety,” she huffed, and tried to continue after my interruption. “If she's too scared to kill one of those things, then she could die. Simple.”
“She may never get into that situation,” I said. “She's with us now, isn't she?”
“Okay.” Emma tried to think. “If anything happens to us and it's just her...”
“Just don't worry about that now. You're thinking too much.”
Emma shot up from the couch and her head moved quickly from side to side.
Her reaction freaked me out and I asked her, “What is it? What did you hear?”
She never answered, so I tried to ask her again but she shushed me.
She walked with slow steps towards the front door. She stood a for a few seconds and then moved again, this time going into the front room, the old living room. She reached for the top window and opened it slightly. 
I walked in and now we could both hear it. 
It was an engine, and we both pulled the blinds back and peered out. We could both see a Quashqai jeep, black, and it was parked only yards from my house, to my left. Our hearts sank when four men stepped out, all carrying baseball bats.
“Ever seen this lot before?” Emma asked in a soft voice.
“No.” I shook my head. “Never.”
“Neither have I, but they look like bad news.”
“Let's go upstairs and get the attic open. I closed it yesterday. I don’t know why. It’s been open for months, and now this happens. Bloody typical.”
Emma was the first to leave, carrying a steak knife, and I wasn't far behind. 
Whilst Emma went into my bedroom to get Jane, I went straight into my little girl's window, grabbed the metal pole with the hook that was leaning against her cupboard, and pulled the hatch open to the attic. I then grabbed the hook for the stepladders and pulled them down.
I went over to my girl's room and peered out from the blinds and could see the men going into Carol and Jim's house, my neighbours to my left. I was certain that mine was going to be next. All men had dark features, apart from one. The other guy had ginger hair. 
Jane and Emma entered the room. Jane looked exhausted and I guessed that she was sleeping when Emma went in. Jane was the first to take the stepladders. Emma was close behind.
As soon as the girls were in, I took one more look out. Two of the men were exiting the house and one was carrying a box and the other had two carrier bags. They were full of something, but I didn't know what. This confirmed that these guys were out on a looting expedition. 
Maybe they were nice guys, I briefly thought. 
Carol and Jim's place had been vacant for a while. Maybe if the house was occupied, they would make their apologies, leave, and try another house. 
I only thought this for a few seconds. I then began to think more realistically.
These guys had exited their vehicle, all holding a bat each. These weren't nice guys. 
I moved away from the window and took the steps to the attic. Once I was up, Emma pulled the ladders up and closed the hatch.
All three of us sat on the hard floor, surrounded by boxes of old DVDs, CDs, paperback books and old toys that the kids hadn't played with for years.
“What now?” Emma asked. 
“We wait and be quiet.” 
Chapter Seventeen

Jane was in the corner of the attic, whilst Emma and I were lying on our fronts. We had our ears against the hatch; our heads were cocked to one side, and we were listening out for the inevitable break-in. 
“Maybe they're not coming in,” Emma said. But as soon as those words left her mouth, we heard the front door burst open.
“They're in,” I said to Emma in a whisper.
“Well done, Einstein,” she snapped with sarcasm. “I have got ears, you know.”
I looked up to the attic window/skylight and wondered if we were going to need that window to escape to the roof. I hoped not.
We continued to listen out and heard noises and voices on the ground floor. The voices were becoming louder and I guessed correctly that they were on their way to the first floor. With their chatter, it was clear that the men were sure that the house was empty. They seemed confident and relaxed.
Emma and I gazed at one another briefly, and then we looked over at Jane. She was sitting with her knees to her chest and had her arms wrapped around the shins. She looked scared and I really felt for the girl.
We held our breaths as the men entered my little girl's room, the room below us, and could hear the men talking. One of the men was referred to as Hando. They talked about some of the houses they had broken into and mentioned some adversaries from the past. It was clear to Emma and myself that these guys were bad guys even before the apocalypse. They never mentioned doing time, but I guessed that these men, or at least some of them, had spent time in jail.
The final one left the room and Emma and I remained where we were until the voices began to fade and drifted to the ground floor. 
“What now?” Emma asked me.
I kept listening out and shook my head. I didn't know. 
Emma stood up and went over to comfort Jane. I remained where I was and Emma told Jane that we were going to stay in the attic for a while.
I shushed her. “They haven't left yet,” I told her.
I noticed that Emma had moved her head, suggesting that she had heard something.
“What is it?” I asked her. Then I heard it.
A shriek from a male could be heard outside and I guessed it came from my back garden. 
“Was that one of the men?” Emma waited for my reaction.
“I think so.” I nodded and then I realised something. It sounded like that the men had gone into my back garden and now there was screaming. Annie was in the garden. 
“Annie,” I gasped. 
“That's what I was thinking when I heard the scream.”
“I'll go down.”
“It's a bit soon,” said Emma. “We should wait a while. 
“I had no idea where the bravado—or stupidity, you take your pick—came from, but I ignored Emma's advice and opened the hatch anyway. She made no more noises of protest, and watched as I put the ladders down and made my way to the first floor.
Once I was at the bottom, I whispered, “Pull the ladders up.” 
“Not a chance.” Emma peered down and shook her head, shaking those fantastic blonde curls of hers. “If you run into trouble, you'll need the ladders down to make a quicker escape.”
“If I get chased by those guys,” I responded back, “I'm hardly going to lead them up the attic where you two are, am I? Anyway, they're gone, I—”
My sentence was interrupted by the yells of men. It was coming from the front of the house.
I peered out of the window and could see that three of the four men from the gang had returned to their vehicle and drove away, tyres squealing as they exited the street.
There was a guy missing. 
The guy with ginger hair was missing.
“What's happening?” Emma called from above. “Have they left?”
“Only three of them have left.” I scratched at my ear lobe and wondered why the other guy hadn't left with them.
Emma asked me again what was happening.
“The ginger guy is missing.” I looked up at her face and explained what I thought. “I think that maybe that screaming came from the ginger guy. He was probably attacked by Annie and they've probably put him out of his misery.” I then dipped my head and said sadly, “They’ve probably killed Annie as well.”
I ran downstairs and stopped running once I reached the bottom. I was aware that Annie may not have been dealt with and could be inside the house. The four men were walking through the house, on the ground floor, before we heard the screaming, so I assumed they had opened the patio door and stepped outside, leaving the door open. 
I was right. 
I could feel a gentle wind coming in and I stepped further into my back room. The door was open and I could see Annie sprawled out on my decking. I made small steps towards the door, aware that the ginger guy could be lurking about, as I had no idea if he was injured or dead. I could only see Annie on the decking. 
Once I reached the door, I could see that she had been stabbed a couple of times in the head. My nose winced from the smell and then I bravely stepped out. My eyes immediately went left and I could see that the ginger man was bleeding out all over my decking.
I stepped to my left and could see that he had been given a mercy killing. His arm had been bitten, and his head had been stabbed. I had a feeling that these guys didn't shed too many tears when doing this, but it was probably for the best. 
I didn't know what to do. I didn't know whether to go back inside or try and move the bodies from the decking. Removing the ginger man was going to be a messy affair and I was reluctant to touch him.
“Jesus!” Emma cried.
I didn't even know she was behind me. I span round and snarled, “For fuck's sake. You scared the piss out of my bladder.”
“Sorry.”
“Do you really want three bodies on this decking?” I snarled at the young woman.
“I said ... I'm sorry,” she huffed and stepped out, looking down and careful where she placed her feet. “Jesus, calm your tits.”
I was about to snap back, but I managed to bite my tongue.
She pointed over at the ginger fellow. “Mercy killing?”
“Looks that way.”
“Those guys don't mess about.” 
“They certainly don't.” I gazed down and thinned my lips at the sad sight of Annie. I knew she was already dead before, but for some reason she really got to me. Maybe it's because I'm a father, or was, and she reminded me of my little girl.
I crouched down, then knelt beside Annie and looked at her tattered clothing. The smell coming from her was horrendous. She had bruises all over her exposed legs, wearing a white and bloodied nightgown, her dirty blonde hair was over her face. I brushed her hair from her features and was in two minds whether to move her or not.
“Leave her for now,” said Emma, as if she knew what was going through my mind.
“Okay.” I rose slowly and was seconds from standing up straight, but then I saw a gold necklace around the dead girl's neck with a gold heart shaped pendant hanging loose by the side of her neck. I knew she wore a necklace, but the pendant could never be seen as it was always underneath the gown. I went back to my knees and placed my fingers underneath the chain and lifted it a little and had a gape at the pendant.
“Holy shit.” 
“What is it?” Emma asked.
“It can’t be.” I scratched my head and took another look.
“What is it, for cunt’s sake?” Emma snarled.
I pointed at Annie. “This is Rena's granddaughter.”
“Who?”
“One of my neighbours.”
“And how do you know that?”
“I went into Rena's house and saw some photographs,” I began to explain. “This necklace is the same one in the photograph. Her mother was wearing it.”
“Maybe it's a different necklace.”
“No.” I shook my head. “Rena lost her daughter and son-in-law, and raised her granddaughter all by herself. She must have passed on the necklace to...” I suddenly remembered her name, “... Gail.” Her name wasn't Annie at all; it was Gail. “I spoke to Rena a while ago. She told me how Gail was coping without her parents and that her mother's necklace that she was wearing when she was killed had been passed onto Gail. This must be the necklace. Rena told me that she hoped that the necklace wasn't cursed, but I laughed it off and told her that she was being silly.”
“How did her parents die?”
“They were hit from behind by a police car that was giving chase. Gail was unscathed, but her parents both broken their necks.”
“Shame.”
I sighed, “Such a sad story. But I suppose that there's many of them now.”
“Tell me about it.” Emma cleared her throat and continued, “Before I entered your street, I passed a car at the top of the road. There was carnage inside it. Looked like a whole family had been decimated.”
“I didn't see anything,” I scrunched my face in thought, “when we went outside to get that water from your car.” 
“This Mazda was round the corner, near the shops, out of view. It looked like it had crashed into the wall, in fact, it had crashed into the wall and the family inside were all torn up. It was horrible. I slowed down and eventually stopped to see, but it was a messy affair.”
“Mazda?” I scratched my head and dull feeling in the pit of my stomach began to snowball. “What else did you see?”
Emma shook her head and pushed out her bottom lip. “The usual. Blood, entrails ... I noticed on what was left of one of the bodies was a torn Batman T-shirt and...”
I walked inside the house and Emma had stopped speaking mid-sentence. My heart was galloping and I was finding it hard to breathe. I clutched my chest and sat down.
“Are you okay?” Emma had followed me in, shut the patio door and sat down next to me. “You look ill; you look pale.”
“Did you get a good look at this car?”
“Yeah, good enough. I was checking if there was anything in there like water or ... anything. I know it sounds a bit cruel, but needs must in this kind of world. I didn't stop the car and have a rummage around because there was too much ... mess, so I carried on, then bloody ended up crashing my own. Talk about Sod's Law.”
“Did you see any...?” I couldn't find the words. My throat ached and I was beginning to feel sick.
“Any what?”
“Did you see any pink clothing?”
Emma gave me a strange look and narrowed her eyes at me. “That's a strange question.”
“Did you?”
“I don’t know.” She hunched her shoulders. “Maybe.” 
I dropped my head in my hands and could hear Emma bombarding me with questions on what made me ask such a thing. 
Mazda. Batman T-shirt. Pink clothing.
I stood up on my unsteady legs, checked to see if I still had the knife in my pocket. I couldn't remember where I had left the ball hammer. The kitchen? I then made my way to the main door.
“Where the hell are you going?” Emma cried and began to follow me. 
I never gave her an answer. I simply opened the door and ran onto my drive, turned left and sprinted up my street, passing Emma's crashed car and heading towards the shops where, according to Emma Rowley, the Mazda sat.
I only had a few yards to go, followed the road to the right and I could now see the vehicle. It was our car. I recognised the licence plate. Even before I reached the vehicle I burst into tears. 
The driver's door was open and the smell hit me. It forced me to retch, double over, but no vomit was produced. I could see entrails on the seat, a foot, and a femur bone, some pink clothing, but nothing else. In the back was more pink clothing, a bloodied and torn Batman T-shirt, a shoe, some bones, entrails and something else that I couldn't work out that was lying on the floor of the passenger seat. A head? I don't know. 
I dropped to my knees and cried so hard that I thought my heart was going to burst. I knew it was them. It was definitely our car and when they left, Thomas was wearing grey jogging bottoms and his Batman T-shirt, and Poppy had on pink leggings and a pink My Little Pony T-shirt on.
“My babies,” I cried, over and over again. “My poor babies.”
I lost myself for a moment, suffocated by grief, and released a caterwaul filled with pain. A cry only a grieving father could possibly make.
I couldn't believe it. 
I had been waiting in hope for almost six months and it was all for nothing. My family, possibly the mother-in-law as well, lay butchered in the family car, only two hundred yards away from their home, just outside their street, and had been there probably since the first weeks. All the time that I had been worried sick, fretting about their safety, their remains were rotting away in the Mazda, only a five-minute walk from our home. 
I could only imagine what they had been through. 
My wife must have made a decision and decided to risk driving back to the house, and then somehow crashed the car into the wall. It was so cruel. She was so desperately close. Maybe she wasn't paying attention. Maybe she hit one of them and panicked. I don't know, but the crash must have attracted the dead and they must have swarmed around the car in numbers. 
How long did my family have to wait before being torn apart? Obviously I don't know, but I was hoping it was just seconds, but it could have been much, much longer than that.
“Shaun!” Emma called out.
I looked to the side and could see the blurred figure of Emma coming towards me.
“Where's Jane?” I asked her, dazed. The truth was, right at that moment, I couldn't give a hoot about Jane's safety. I had other things on my mind.
“I've left her in the house.” Emma placed her hand on my shoulder and said, “Come on. We need to go.”
“But ... my family.”
“I'm sorry, Shaun. I had no idea.” Emma bent down and kissed me on the forehead. She wiped my tears away with her thumb and pointed down the road. “We need to go, babes.”
“I can't leave them like this,” I sobbed.
“You can't help them now.”
“But ... my wife, my baby girl. My boy.”
“I'm really sorry. I'm so sorry, but we need to leave.”
“I can't.”
“Shaun.” Emma touched my face with both of her hands and wiped my tears away with her fingers. She then gently moved my head to the right. 
I could see them. Over a fucking dozen of the dead cunts, shambling up the road, towards me. 
Emma said softly, “They're coming.” 
Chapter Eighteen

Emma tried to grab me, but right at that moment I didn't care if I lived or died. The realisation that my family were dead hurt so much that I wanted to die as well.
“If you don't move,” Emma cried. “If you don’t, you're going to go the same way.”
“I don't care.” 
“Move your arse, Shaun!” Emma was now screaming at me and the horde were getting closer, coming from my right. “You need to move, now, or you're gonna die.”
“I want to die.” I wiped the tears from my eyes and face. “Go back to Jane.”
“Fuck this!” Emma pulled out her knife and took steps towards the crowd. 
I couldn't believe it. There were thirteen of them. She'd never be able to take thirteen. If I didn't leave, then she was going to die. She wasn’t going to leave my side, no matter what, and I didn’t understand why she was doing this. 
I stood up and reached for my own knife “Emma!” I called from behind her.
She turned around. The horde were only ten yards away from her. She was really prepared to do this. Crazy bitch.
“Let's go,” I sighed.
“Really?”
I nodded.
She began to jog away and as she passed me, she urged me to follow. I did as I was told and we ran alongside one another, both holding our steak knives in our right hand. Once we were many yards away from the Mazda and went past the shops, we came to the brow of the hill of my street. Once we were over, we could see three of the dead shambling on the other side of my street. 
I ran across the road, away from the three dead, but Emma called me back.
“What's up?” I asked.
“We need to get rid of them!”
“What?”
“If we don't, they'll follow us to your house. They'll never go away, unless distracted by something else, and if they remain outside your house for a while, we might have more than three to deal with.”
“I don’t know.”
“Especially now we have those dead cunts behind us. We need to kill these three freaks and get to your place before those other thirteen get over the hill and see us returning to the house.”
I looked at Emma and she gave me a quick nod. “No time to lose, cocker.”
I gazed over at the three dead who were now crossing the road, and could see that two were females, middle aged and both heavy. They were both in light-coloured clothing, splattered in old blood, and the remaining DC—as Emma called them—was a male. He looked like he was a man in his twenties, dressed in blue chequered pyjamas. 
Emma front-kicked one of the females and it flew backwards. I had no idea what Emma was doing at first, but then I realised that her pushing one out of the way left us with just two to take care of for the time being. 
Emma never hesitated and it looked like she had given the other female creature a right hook, knife in hand, and stabbed the thing at the side of its head, and through the temple. 
My male assailant reached for me and I was repulsed by its rotten and peeling face. I gulped and went for the eye socket. My knife went through the left eye. I rammed the blade right in, gave it a twist, and it fell whilst I still had a hold of the knife. 
I bent down to the dead individual and wiped the blade on its tattered clothes. Emma was already over to the one she had front-kicked earlier. It was scrambling to its feet, but my female companion had already rammed her knife into the top of its skull. It slumped back to the floor and then she looked over to see if I was okay. She gazed at the floor where the three dead lay and gave a nod of satisfaction. 
“Back to your house.” She nodded over the road. 
We jogged over the road. Even after six months of this disaster I still looked both ways for oncoming traffic. We then entered the house and I shut the door behind me. Emma told Jane that we were back, and Jane appeared from the living room and ran at Emma. The pair of them hugged for just under a minute and then broke away.
“I was getting worried,” Jane said.
Emma nodded. “We’re okay.”
“Want a drink?” Jane asked.
“That'd be grand.” Emma smiled.
Whilst Jane disappeared into the kitchen, Emma asked me, “How’re you feeling?”
I shook my head. I was dazed and Emma said something else to me, but to this day I can’t remember what it was. I think it was words of comfort, but she stopped speaking in mid-sentence and snapped her fingers at me.
“What?” I said in a daze
“You okay?”
I shook my head. “No. Of course not. My family are dead.”
“That horde were coming down the road. I just hope they didn't see us coming in here.”
I turned and locked my door and slid down the wall. I sobbed so hard that Emma tried to shush me.
“I've lost them,” I cried. “I can't believe I've lost them. They were just outside my street all along. Probably since June or July.”
“Let's get you away from the door.” Emma put her hand under my armpit, trying to get me up.
“They're gone!” I continued to wail. “My babies!”
“We need to get you upstairs, away from the door. If those things see us through that frosted glass or hear you crying…”
I rose to my feet, slowly, and with help from Emma we decided to go into the front room, the old living room. I sat down and Jane joined us, asking Emma what was wrong with me. Emma kissed me on the head, then disappeared into the kitchen with Jane and told her what had happened. 
She had been away for minutes, and then returned with Jane and three bottles of water. She announced that she was going to take a look outside from my daughter’s room to get a better look. She ran upstairs and returned to the living room a minute later.
Jane asked, “Everything okay?”
Emma said, “No. Those smelly pricks are making their way down here.”
“So what do we do?” There was panic in Jane’s voice and she was close to tears.
“We're going upstairs,” Emma told the pair of us. “Right now. All of us.”
I got up on my shaky feet and headed for the front window and peered from the blinds. “Bastards!” I snapped. “Dirty, filthy bastards!”
Emma walked over and stood next to me, also looking out. 
We could both see them turning onto my drive. There were three so far, but the other ten were close behind, and I knew that in a matter of seconds they'd all be on my drive, hanging around my front door. I didn't want to start blocking off the door with furniture. If those dirty twats saw me through the frosted window, I feared that that would give them extra incentive to press themselves against the door, which could lead to the door giving way. Emma also never suggested a barricade. 
The door was locked. If they could get through that, then a few tables and chairs were hardly going to make a difference.
The three of us made our way upstairs. Emma and I had placed our knives in our pockets and it still irked me that I couldn't find the ball hammer. Then I broke down again, hunched over, and cried whilst I was on the landing. Emma grabbed a hold of my shirt and pulled me into Poppy's bedroom and pulled down the hatch of the attic. 
“I'm not going up there,” I said. “Not yet.”
“Okay.” Emma agreed and turned to Jane. “Do you wanna go up?”
Jane shook her head. “I want to stay with you two.”
“We'll sleep in the attic,” I spoke to Emma. “But I'm not going to be a prisoner in my own home. They're not even in, and even if they do get in, I'm not sure their dead legs can climb the stairs.”
“No, they can't, but they could crawl up them,” Emma announced and said something to me that gave me chills. “Trust me. I've seen it.”
I never asked how she'd seen it. I knew that she had a lot more experience than I did, and I only knew a small portion of Emma Rowley's story of her last six months.
For hours we sat about, and Jane constantly looked out of the window. For the first half a dozen times she removed herself from the window, Emma would ask if they were still there and the answer was yes every time. When she went up for the seventh time and moved away from the window, Emma never asked. She never asked again.
I could see that the day was dimming and it looked like everybody was ready for sleep. I decided to check the front door before going into the attic for the night and crept down the stairs. 
As soon as I was at the bottom, I crept the two yards down the hall and poked my head around and could see the dead squished against the door. They weren't budging, and I was sure that the door wasn't going to hold if this was going to continue through the night. 
I ran back upstairs, onto the landing, and into my daughter's bedroom. I went up the ladders and into the attic, where Emma and Jane were waiting for me. I pulled the ladders and hatch up, never said a word to the girls, then curled up on the floor and cried softly. 
I had no idea how long it took me to get to sleep. 
It felt like hours, but I wasn't sure.

*

“Shaun.”
I opened my eyes, and then sat up suddenly, I turned to my right and could see that it was Emma that had woken me.
“What is it?” I asked her. I then noticed that Jane was still fast asleep.
“Listen,” she said. 
So I did. I cocked my head to one side and was unsure what it actually was that I could hear. “What is it?” 
“It sounds like ... buzzing.”
I stood up and yawned, stretching my arms. “What time is it?”
“Dunno.” Emma hunched her shoulders. “Does it matter?”
I looked up to the skylight and could see it was dawn. At least I had slept for a few hours, I thought.
“It sounds like an engine,” Emma said.
“It sounds like humming to me.” I then looked at Emma with wide eyes. “Or ... groaning.”
“Shall we go down to the bedroom and have a look?”
“Not really. I’d rather shit in my hands and clap.”
“Come on, chicken shit.”
I nodded reluctantly and we both decided to go down, trying to be as quiet as possible because Jane was still asleep. 
We began to descend down the ladders and Emma moaned, “I hope it's not what I think it is.”
She was the first to reach the floor and went over to the bedroom window to look out. 
“And what do you think it is?”
Emma turned to me in the dusky light and her voice quivered when she said just the one word. “This.”
I looked out and could feel my heart galloping furiously. “Well, suck me sideways.”
Chapter Nineteen

We stood for ... I don't know how long, but it felt like hours. In truth, it was probably for a couple of minutes, but that was enough. There were ... I don't know how many of the dead outside my house. I'm guessing around two hundred. 
Half of my street was scattered with the manky bastards. My drive was full of them, fifty at least, and the rest were along the road, all slowly heading in the direction of my house.
I was the first to speak up and suggested that we should get a couple of sports bags that I had, fill them up with water and food, and spend our time in the attic until the dead had given up.
Emma disagreed. “The longer we stay here, the more will come.”
“So what do you suggest?”
“Exactly what you said, apart from the staying in the attic part.”
“What?” 
Emma huffed and said, “If we stay here any longer, this place will be our tomb.”
“We could go along the roof and move house,” I suggested.
“Take another look outside.” Emma grabbed my shirt and pulled me to the window. “Yes, there's a shit load of those DCs on your drive, but look at the whole street.”
I looked and released a heavy sigh. The dead were everywhere. Some were on my side of the road, and some were on the other side of the road. Some were in the front gardens. The thirteen heading for my house was somehow attracting more of them from other close-by areas. 
“We'll get the bags, like you said, and get them filled,” Emma began, brushing her blonde curls over her ears. “We go to the attic and then we leave the street.”
“Leave the street?”
“Yes,” she nodded. “There must be other places for us to go.”
“But what about the dead?”
“Well, I'm guessing that the dead that are in your street, came from other streets. They were attracted by your own wails when you saw your family and must have clocked and followed the thirteen by the car. Meaning ... some of the nearer streets are probably empty because of the amount outside this place. This is our best chance to leave, unscathed, and try and find a place, away from those freaks.”
“They might just leave ... eventually.”
“And do you really believe that?”
I remembered them pressing up against my door when I went downstairs. It was only a matter of time before the door gave way and they spilled in onto the ground floor of my house. 
I shook my head and admitted, “No, I don't.” 
We went up the ladders, into the attic, and Emma gently shook Jane, waking the young girl up. 
“What is it?” Jane yawned and asked further, “What's wrong?”
“We need to leave now,” Emma told her.
“Leave?” Jane suddenly sat up and looked startled. “Why?”
Emma snapped impatiently, clearly stressed, “They're outside. Loads of them. We're moving to another location.”
“Moving? Where?”
“Does it matter?” Emma gritted her teeth and relaxed a little once I gave her a stern look. Jane was frightened and had just been woken up, so she was obviously confused as well, which was why she was asking questions. She had been told that she needed to move and she wanted to know why.
I picked up the bags that were in the attic, next to the boxes of CDs, and went back to the first floor, then took the stairs to the ground, aware that the main door could give way any minute. I used one of the canisters to fill the empty plastic bottles I had and put the bottles in both bags, sharing the weight that myself and Emma were going to carry. The rest of the edible produce in the cupboard also went into each bag, and I was ready to go.
I turned and saw the ball hammer on top of the microwave, making me smile. I couldn't remember putting it there. I picked it up and put it in my free pocket. I then put a bag on each shoulder and cussed when I felt the weight in them. I struggled to get upstairs, and struggled further when it was time to climb the ladders into the attic. I finally managed to get up and plonked the bags on the floor.
“I warn you now,” I said to Emma, nodding to the bags. “They're heavy.”
She picked one up and threw it over her shoulder. “It'll do.”
“Try carrying two of them up two floors.”
“Alright, Shaun,” Emma huffed. “It's not a competition. Fucking shagwit.” 
“Sorry.” I took my reprimand, then asked, “So, are we ready?”
Emma nodded. “We go up to the spine of the roof, shuffle along it and along to the end terrace, and then slide down and out onto the street. That part should be clear.”
“And if it's not?”
“Over the gardens and into the next street.”
Emma reached for the skylight and pushed it open. She had the rucksack on her back, over both shoulders, and was the first to climb out. I looked up and saw the dawn behind Emma as she bent down and reached out her hand to Jane.
She said to Jane, “Take it.”
Jane reached up and Emma grabbed her wrist. I stood behind Jane and placed my hands on Jane’s lower back to help Emma with the lift, to make Jane somehow lighter. 
Once they were up, I was up next, so I threw the other bag over my shoulder. I'm not going to lie to you, my fellow reader, I struggled. Emma made it look so easy and I knew the weight in the two bags was roughly the same. I managed to get half of my body out onto the roof, my legs still dangling inside, and Emma grabbed me under my arms and helped me at the final hurdle.
Once I was up and on my feet, Jane made the slow climb to the spine of the roof, with Emma behind, telling Jane to take her time. The climb didn't look too bad, despite the weight on my back, and with the roof being new I was certain that the tiles wouldn't move much.
I looked up to see Jane and Emma already at the top. 
Going on all fours, aware that I had a knife in one pocket and the hammer in the other, I made the climb slowly. Once I reached the girls, I stood up straight and could feel my legs wobble and my head spin. I had a foot on either side of the spine and we all agreed that shuffling along the roof, keeping each foot on either side of the spine, was the safest way to reach the end of the terrace. 
There were eight houses in each terrace. Mine was at the end, so, including my own, we had eight roofs to walk over. Then once we got to the end, it was time to slide down the drainpipe, where we would reach the ground. 
We could see the view of the street from where we were standing. It looked like Emma’s plan could work. The left part of the street was awash with the dead. But eight houses down, from where we were, the street was empty. 
“As soon as we slide down at the end,” Emma said softly, “we'll go onto the main road and make a run for it, if it's still empty.”
I looked around and found the view a beautiful sight to behold, despite knowing that the dead were below me, in their many numbers. 
We began to shuffle our feet and the journey to the end of the terrace was a long one, but I loved the feeling of the wind that blew in my face every now and again. The small journey was a sweaty affair and any kind of breeze felt fantastic.
Jane was in front, Emma was in the middle, and I was behind the pair of them. 
I think Emma wanted Jane in front of her in case Jane slipped. At least then it would give Emma a chance to grab her. We reached the end, finally, and got there with no problems. Jane had cried a little on the way there, but apart from that … we did okay. 
I never once cried during my journey along the roof, despite seeing the remains of my family not long ago. I didn't know why. Maybe I was in shock. I certainly broke down many times after this escape I'm telling you about. I can tell you that for nothing.
“The rest of the street is empty.” Emma nodded to her left.
I had a look. She was right. It was clear.
She then told Jane to get behind her. She then looked down and could see a rose bush at the side of the house. She took her bag off and dangled it over the edge. She could see me looking and said to me, “Trust me.”
She dropped the bag into the bush, and then told me to do the same. Now we could make the slide down the drainpipe with no weight on our backs. This time Emma insisted on going down first. She began to climb down, and I peered over and could see that she was now on the ground. She looked up and said, “Jane next.”
“I can’t do it. I’m too scared,” cried Jane.
She turned around and looked at me with her frightened eyes and I could see how glassy they were. My heart went out to the fourteen-year-old, but my impatience was growing because of her hesitancy. I couldn't help myself.
I said to the girl, “You need to. Or we'll be stuck up here and we'll die.” I was blunt and losing patience. “If they don't kill us, then starvation and dehydration will.”
“Come with me,” she cried.
“No. One at a time. We don't know how secure the brackets are on the drainpipe and how it'll take our weight. I'm the heaviest out of the three, so if it does go, then at least you girls will be unscathed.”
“Come on, Jane,” Emma called from underneath. “Hurry up. What’s the hold up?”
I looked at Jane and imagined if that was Poppy, my little girl, that was frightened.
It wasn’t the best of timings, but my eyes began to fill up as the scenes of the inside of the Mazda, our once-family car, projected in my mind. 
“Go,” I sobbed. “Hurry.”
Jane bravely got onto her belly and swung her legs over the side of the house. She slowly lowered herself and grabbed the drainpipe, with me holding onto her shoulders for support. I let go and it was time for her descent. She never fell, she never whimpered. In fact, she did quite well. 
Once both girls were on the ground, I checked my pockets and could still feel the knife and hammer in each one.
I never hesitated at all and made my way down, the knife pricking me every time I moved my left leg.
Emma already had the bags out of the rose bush and passed me one. Now, with Emma and I with a rucksack on our backs, it was time to move. 
“Where to?” I asked her.
“Any street that's quiet. We need out of here.”
We crept down the path and went by the house and onto the front garden. Then Emma and myself peered round the corner of the end terraced house and looked to the left where the dead were in their droves. Eight houses down was my own property. The amount of creatures on my drive and around the property of my house and neighbour's houses was ridiculous, and the numbers were growing. 
To the right of my street was clear, for now, and that's the way we were going.
The only trouble was that once we reached the bottom of the street, we didn't know whether to turn left or right, and we also didn't know what was around each corner.
“Ready?” Emma took a hold of Jane’s hand and began to run out onto the street, with me following behind. Already my legs felt heavy with the weight of the rucksack on my back, but I was determined and was certain that this run of ours was going to be a short affair. 
Before we reached the bottom of the street, I glanced over my shoulder and was relieved that our presence had hardly been noticed by the massive horde by my house. Only a few had decided to turn and head our way, to possibly the bottom of the street.
“Left or right?” I gasped as we now reached the end.
“It's your street,” Emma panted. “You decide.”
“Right.”
We turned and went down a thankfully barren street called Blackstone, and we continued with our jog, Emma still holding Jane's hand. We managed another twenty yards or so before my body decided that it was too knackered to continue.
“I can’t go on no more,” I puffed and stopped running. 
Emma and Jane also stopped. Emma turned, out of breath herself, and asked if I had any friends I could look up. I didn't answer her.
Up ahead, six of the dead appeared from around the corner at the bottom of the street. Six was too many to take, and Emma also believed that because she looked at me and said, “Bollocks to that. Other way.”
We began to run again and passed the top of my street for a second time. We went down Sankey Close and it appeared to be another street that was barren, but this one had evidence of carnage. A crashed car, human remains and the old carcass of a dog could be seen. Death had visited this place. I don't know how long ago, but this street had experienced tragedy. 
“Wait.” I was in front of the girls and held my hand up. There was a small group of the dead, nine in all, around a front window of one of the houses on the left. Maybe they had seen movement. 
A person? A survivor? 
“What do we do?” Jane asked. It was the first time I had heard her speak in a while.
“We can get by them,” I said, nodding with confidence.
“We're gonna have to.” Emma nodded behind her. I looked and could see six of them coming out of my street and coming our way. 
So this was the scenario now... 
We had nine in front of us and six behind. The trouble with the six that had exited from my street was that I wasn't sure if more were following them. If even half of the crowd that was in my street, and mainly around my house, appeared, it would be a horrific scene to behold.
Emma released Jane's hand, told the youngster to stay close and pulled out her knife. I left my knife in my pocket and grabbed my hammer. I held it with both hands and all three of us went to the other side of the pavement, as far away as possible from the dead, and crept along the pavement, hoping that they wouldn't pursue us. They were slow, so we knew that if they did follow us, we could outrun them, but it was the inconvenience of it all.
We went by them with ease. Our eyes were on them all the time as we passed, but in hindsight this was a massive mistake. 
From behind a privet hedge, on our side of the road, a ghoul appeared out of a drive, from behind the hedge, and grabbed Jane.
I heard a groan, which made me turn away from the dead group, and before I could release a yell of warning, the male creature had already grabbed young Jane. She screamed as it leaned and moved its mouth to the side of her neck and bit her. 
It tore out a huge chunk. Jane screamed for a short while whilst the creature chewed on muscle and skin, blood running down its chin. Emma screamed the word no over and over again and seemed to be in shock. She didn’t move for a while.
I stepped forward and brought the hammer down on the skull of the creature, the head of the hammer going straight through the skull and damaging the diseased brain. It took a step forward and grabbed me, the hammer still sticking out of its skull, but it suddenly stopped moving. 
I gazed at the creature, staring into its milky dead eyes, and watched it drop to the floor. I didn't retrieve the hammer, for reasons I can't understand now, and took out my knife. I looked to the side of me and saw Emma on her knees, cradling Jane. Her eyes were open, her neck was pouring out blood from her wound, and she wasn't moving or blinking at all. 
I was sad for Jane, and felt sorry for Emma who had quickly bonded with the youngster, but I looked up and realised that we needed to go.
I touched Emma on the shoulder. “Come on. We have to go.”
“I can’t leave her like this,” Emma looked up at me with her blue rainy eyes, tears streaming down her cheeks. “If we leave her, she'll turn.”
“I can't kill her.” I shook my head and could now see fifteen of the fuckers behind us; the nearest ghoul was only ten yards away. “I don't have it in me. She's fourteen.”
With her right hand, Emma placed the tip of her blade inside Jane's right ear. She was shaking and I was so sure that she was going to do it that I had to turn away. My eyes were scrunched and I heard a sound to suggest that Jane had been taken care of. 
“Come on,” Emma said, getting to her feet and put her arm around my shoulder. “Let's try and find somewhere safe as soon as we outrun these DCs.”
With tears in both of our eyes, we tried to jog, despite the weight on our backs, and we were predictably getting further away from these dangerous, yet slow, beings.
We ran gingerly and looked to the side and stared at one another. Emma put her knife into her pocket and held her hand out. I took it, putting my own blade away, and we continued to jog whilst holding hands. Then we heard a sound coming from behind us that made us stop jogging. 
We both turned around, to see that the dead were a good distance away, and watched in amazement as a Black Range Rover came roaring behind the dead, making some of them turn their heads. 
Emma and I had a quick gape at one another, and then looked forward again to see the vehicle smashing through the dead. After it had gone through the fifteen, leaving six still standing, a shocked Emma and myself remained on the pavement to allow the vehicle to pass, but it began to slow down.
We had no idea who could be in the vehicle. We had no time to hide and nowhere to run, even if we wanted to. We released our hands and put them in our pockets, feeling for our knives as we didn’t know who they were, and whether they were friendly or not.
I gulped and shook with nerves as the jeep pulled up alongside us. 
The window of the jeep went down and a man in his late forties poked his head out and gave the pair of us a smile. As soon as this happened, I felt immediately relieved.
“Yer guys look lost,” the man said, slightly slurring his words. His eyes were dark and had stubble on his chin. I looked in his vehicle; he kept the engine running and I could see that he had a passenger next to him. It was a female. She had dark hair and was an attractive thing.
“Where yer headed?” the driver asked.
“We don't know,” I sighed. “My street is full of those things, so we had to leave.”
“There's a girl at the side of the road,” the woman passenger spoke up. “She looks like she's ... fresh.”
“She was with us. She was attacked only minutes ago.”
“I’m sorry.”
“Do you have a place to stay?” I asked the burly man.
“Aye, we do.” He spoke with a smile and seemed like a nice fellow, obviously a tough one. Six months after the infection announcement, I was sure he had many stories to tell since the breakout in June.
The driver looked myself and Emma up and down and asked us, “Do yer 'ave families, or…?”
Emma lowered her head and I just shook mine, feeling the emotion building up inside me once more. My throat became tight and I didn't have the voice to explain to the driver and passenger that I had only just come across the remains of my entire family. 
It hadn't sunk in yet. With everything that was going on, I hadn’t had a minute.
The driver and passenger then had a small discussion with each other, and then the male driver said, “We're just back from an early run, now heading back to our camp.” He then pointed behind him with his thumb. “Yer seem like good people. Not many o' them about. Why don't yer two get yerselves in the back and we can take the wee trip back. It's only a few miles from 'ere.”
Emma and myself could see the remaining dead still shambling towards us, not far away at all.
Emma was the first to open the back passenger door. She got in and I followed her. I shut the door and leaned my head back. I suddenly felt exhausted, closed my eyes and tried to fight back the tears. I opened them and could see the man and woman staring at me.
“Yer okay?” The driver looked at me, using his rear view mirror. I couldn't speak, so Emma spoke for me.
“Not really,” she said. 
“Those cocksuckers are getting closer,” the female passenger said to the driver. 
He nodded and pulled the vehicle away. He managed to get the jeep up to a steady thirty and said to Emma and I in the back. “Don't worry. Yer guys are safe now.”
“Are we?” Emma didn't seem convinced.
“We went from one place to the next, in the early weeks.” The driver glanced in the mirror and flashed Emma a friendly smile. “But we've been staying in this place for the last four months. It's solid. We have good people in there, and we’re doing quite well, considering the winter’s ‘ere.”
Emma said, “It's been quite mild so far ... for a winter.”
“Aye, but the cold will come. And that may kill more survivors. Yer better off with us, trust me.”
“We do.” I smiled at the man. He seemed genuine, kind. 
The driver looked quite muscular, which was a rare thing these days, after six months, and I really felt that Emma and I were in good hands. The man and woman seemed nice, and they looked clean and well kept. No bad odour was coming from their bodies, and they looked to be reasonably healthy and not malnourished and skinny-looking.
I turned to Emma and asked her if she was okay; she turned and shook her head. I knew that she was devastated about Jane, even though we hardly knew the girl.
She asked, “And you?”
I hunched my shoulders, wiping my watery eyes. I knew there were going to be days when I would do nothing but sob my heart out, especially on the nights when I'd be alone with my thoughts, but I managed to keep composure. 
Somebody once said to me, at my uncle's funeral, that grief is the price we pay for loving somebody. 
“Another mile and we'll be there,” the driver said.
I nodded and thanked them both for what they were doing.
“No problem.” The driver reduced the speed of the vehicle as they approached the bend, and I noticed that he had a finger missing from his left hand. “We could do with a few more people at this camp o' ours, to be perfectly honest. We stayed here back in August, but then we left. We stayed at Stafford Hospital for a while, but ended up coming back here due to … well, I don’t wanna bore yer with the details.”
I asked the driver, “And are you in charge?”
“I am indeed.”
I stared out of the window and could see nothing but fields to either side of me. The Range Rover slowed and reached a double roundabout. It turned left and we went by an abandoned pub. I tried to read what the place was called. 
Wolseley Arms. 
We went over the hill, passing a garden centre to my right and over the River Trent.
The woman passenger turned to the driver and asked him, “Did they fix that gate, at number twelve?”
“It’s fixed,” the driver replied. “I did it maself, yesterday evening. Cut ma finger fixin' the thing. It was a bit stiff, yer know what I mean?”
I had no idea what they were talking about and chose not to engage. It was nothing to do with me and sounded unimportant anyway.
“Nearly there,” the driver said with a gruff voice. “Another mile or so.”
I turned and smiled at Emma. She smiled back. 
I took in a deep breath and leaned my head back. I was exhausted, but I was alive. 
For now.

THE END
If you enjoyed reading The Girl with the Flying Saucer Eyes, feel free to share your thoughts on my facebook page or mail me, or leave a review where you've downloaded the book. 

Thank you for downloading this book. 

Very kind regards,

Shaun Whittington

Author’s Note

Okay, just a quickie. 

First of all, thank you for downloading this novella. I really appreciate it. Inbetween the Snatcher books I like to write something different to give myself a break from Karen, Pickle, Vince and the team. 

Books that I’ve written inbetween the Snatchers series have been The Prison Diaries, The Z Word and the Monsterland trilogy. 

I had written this one last year and basically abandoned it because, like The Z Word, I wasn’t sure it’d be worth putting out. So, I’m doing it now. What’s there to lose, eh? Anyway, thanks again.

If you have read this book and haven’t read the Snatchers or Monsterland series, you can find the books on most book retailers.

Thanks a lot, and kind regards, 

Shaun


