The Tiniest Invaders
Book One: Coexistence

Written by William Bebb
Copy editor Monty 'Danger' Hyman
Cover graphic artist Hadden Smith IV

This story is dedicated to the memory of my parents, William & Sally. Thank you for raising me to be the sick twisted man I am today.

This anthology of stories is a Hands on Productions & Publication, copyright 2013. All rights reserved. Any distribution of this anthology without the expressed written permission of the author is illegal, rude, crude, and subject to U.S. and international laws that don’t include decapitation of violators, but should. These tales are purely a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents described are solely the result of the author's overactive imagination or are used fictitiously. Any similarities to actual real companies, products, events or people; living or dead or undead, is a coincidence. So don’t get your panties in a wad if you see a name you recognize and find it offensive; it’s just a coincidence.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

handsonpp@aol.com
You can visit the Hands On Productions & Publications website for updates and more information at www.sites.google.com/site/hoppublications

Other works of fine literature by this author include
Valley of Death, Zombie Trailer Park (Keck)
Zombies of All Hallows Evil (Keck)
What the Keck!? Zombies of the Caribbean (Keck)

Chronicles of the Undead, Volume One: The Emperor of Bayonne Prison
Zombies & Other Unpleasant Things
The Tiniest Invaders Book Two: The Meandering Menace

Upcoming Novels:
Chronicles of the Undead Book II; Twisto's Town (Expected by Spring 2014)
The Tiniest Invaders; Book III Conclusion (2014)
KECK Legacy (Coming eventually)


PREFACE & VARIOUS OBLIGATORY WARNINGS

Sometimes I really believe I'm a masochist. Over the last month I've revisited and done revisions to both Valley of Death Zombie Trailer Park and Zombies of All Hallows Evil, and now I'm doing cleanup work on The Tiniest Invaders Book One.
This tale started with a simple short story which consisted solely of Chapter One. Then, like a fool, I went ahead and embarked on a trilogy without intending to do so.
I've seen a great many science fiction movies and have usually felt… unsatisfied by them. The question, “Why are the aliens doing the things they do?” is one that always bugs me. Okay, maybe not 'always' but it usually does.
I like The Tiniest Invaders and not just because I created it.
The newly arrived aliens would be content to live in coexistence with humanity, but they quickly realize something that I myself have long suspected. A disturbingly large percentage of people are nuts. And unfortunately, humanity isn't content to destroy themselves without taking the planet down with them.

WARNING, The Tiniest Invaders is a complex tale that could easily confuse people with limited intelligence and imagination.

Don't misunderstand me. I love the characters and the story very much, but quite a bit happens and it requires a good bit of intelligence to follow the story.
You know if you're smart. At least I hope you know whether you are or not. I think it would be sad if you were one of the many people who believe that they are smart but in reality is an idiot.
Not that I have anything against idiots. Many of my best friends are idiots.

The story examines what happens when very small (Some might say tiny) aliens come to Earth and discover humanity is largely made up of stupid people who do stupid things. I like this story because I witness stupidity, to one degree or another, every day.

Table of Contents
CHAPTER_ONE, It begins with a bang
CHAPTER TWO, Sugar and spice
CHAPTER THREE, All God’s children don’t need shoes
CHAPTER FOUR, As the crow flies
CHAPTER FIVE, True grits
CHAPTER SIX, Ghost stories
CHAPTER SEVEN, Things, great small and nasty
CHAPTER EIGHT, The new confederacy & dragons
CHAPTER NINE, Perverts and pigs
CHAPTER TEN, No deliverance
CHAPTER ELEVEN, Stormy weather
CHAPTER TWELVE, Hookers & autopsies
CHAPTER THIRTEEN, Bad dreams, worse reality
CHAPTER FOURTEEN, Dust to dust and singularities
CHAPTER FIFTEEN, Birmingham Blues
Closing thoughts & thanks


CHAPTER ONE: So it begins with a bang

The television played softly as Charles sat in the big, somewhat stained but nonetheless extremely comfortable, recliner with his eyes closed. His mind drifted away from the host of irritations that had marked his day which he spent working the cash register in the exciting world of Big Jimmy's Gas & More store. He was in the beginning of an extremely exciting dream about the two cheerleaders who came in from the high school down the block earlier that day. In the dream the young ladies were wearing cheer-leading outfits that would never meet the approval of the local school board and were much too short to be anything more than what they were: A middle aged man's best kind of dream. Unfortunately, just as the perky cheerleaders were bending over examining some items on the bottom shelf he was rudely interrupted.

A high pitched yet masculine scream echoed from somewhere in the house and he was once again thrust into a world sadly devoid of scantily clad cheerleaders and back into his living room where the television showed two politicians discussing how each were more liberal than the other. Jumping to his aching feet, he half stumbled half ran toward the screaming. He grabbed his baseball bat from the umbrella stand while stumbling down the hallway. Please be some dumb bastard trying to break in. Maybe a crack head or someone else I can beat to a pulp. Charles was thinking about the burglar who broke in a week earlier and stole several relatively inexpensive but hard to replace items. The fact he didn't have insurance that would cover the losses, fed his anger as he hurried down the hall.
The screams came from behind the bathroom door.
If a burglar broke in there I bet he's already sorry, Charles thought, relaxing his grip on the bat.
His wife Barbara was apparently having a fit over something in there.
Charles knocked and waited. He'd learned a lot over eighteen and half years of marriage. One of the most important things being that if the bathroom door was closed and she was in there you didn't open the door without her permission regardless of screams. He learned that a long time ago and still had the scar on his forehead where she'd hit him with a scented candle to prove it.

“Get your ass in here and kill this damn thing, you idiot!” Barbara's non-melodious voice shrieked through the door.
He took a deep breath of air and opened the door. Avoiding looking at where she was, he saw her flabby shaking arm pointing at the wall opposite where she sat. He quickly spotted the object of Barbara's screaming fit.
A small brown roach, maybe an inch long, was in the corner where the bathroom wall joined the ceiling.
Holding his breath he reached up and plucked it off the wall. It wiggled in his tightly closed hand as he hurried out of the bathroom desperate for fresh air.
“Close the damn door, you idiot. And wash yer hands when ya get rid of that nasty thing,” his dearly beloved wife suggested.
He shut the door and walked to the kitchen.

Charles wasn't the squeamish type about bugs. So carrying it in his hand, while deeply disturbing to many people, didn't bother him in the slightest. He stopped and considered tossing it in the trashcan. Then thought again as he felt it energetically crawling in his closed hand. He knew he had to kill it or she'd be screaming again in a few more minutes about a roach in the kitchen. I could just squeeze it till it pops. A thoughtful look crossed his face. But then I'd have to wash my hands. He shook his head. I'll just whack it, with her magazine, and toss it in the trash.
Charles always hated washing in general and avoided it whenever possible. He never bathed unless his wife had enough of his body odor (which cologne only partially covered) and forced him into the shower.
He released the roach and rolled up the magazine. It had a picture of a sexy teenage pop music singer who would have no career at all if she weren't the sexiest thing he had seen since his recently interrupted daydream. When he was ready to whack it, the insect scurried under the microwave oven. He sighed, heard the toilet flush and knew Barbara would be coming soon. She always washed her hands.
He set aside the magazine and lifted the microwave and put it on the floor.
Good God. What a nasty mess, he thought in disgust, looking at all the sticky stuff that had congealed under the microwave. Stuck in the goo were several pennies, a couple of dimes, a pen, a receipt from a restaurant and one slowly moving roach. He surveyed the mess, heard the bathroom door open and the elephantine steps of his wife and cringed involuntarily. Her footsteps were receding. She was going into the living room.
Charles relaxed and looked for the paper towels and spray bottle of window cleaner. When he got back to the mess everything was still there except the roach. He squirted a small tidal wave of blue tinted liquid over the gooey mess. After briefly considering trying to pry out the dimes he decided against it and wiped up the nasty mess. He took the soggy paper towel across the kitchen and tossed the whole mess into the trash.
It's probably cleaner than it’s been since we moved in here, he realized after wiping the counter clean. No wonder we got roaches. She hasn't cleaned this house, really cleaned it, for- he stopped and tried to think of the last time she'd really cleaned anything. Sighing again, he put the microwave back in place and went to wash his hands. A roach is one thing but that gooey mess was just damn nasty, he thought, turning on the kitchen faucet.
As he finished washing and began drying his hands on a paper towel he felt something in his palm. He tossed the towel in the trash and looked closely at his hand. Got a damn splinter, he realized after spotting a little brown thing sticking in the palm of his hand. A tiny drop of blood oozed out around it.
Using his fingernails he tried pinching it out and felt it go in deeper. “Shit, where are those damn tweezers?” He mumbled, as he dug through the kitchen drawers. There's the turkey thermometer, those little metal ties used to tie loaves of bread shut, lots of grocery receipts. Why dear Lord does she save grocery receipts? He wondered, closing the drawer and walking down the hallway staring at his hand. The aroma in the bathroom still reeked of its last occupant.
Charles breathed thru his mouth again and looked for the disinfectant spray. He grabbed the can with a pine tree on its label and shook it. Nothing covers the smell of my wife's shit better than pine, he thought, and wondered if the company who made the stuff would use that in a commercial as he liberally sprayed the small room.

“It's no worse than the ones you leave,” Barbara said, cackling loudly from the living room where she'd taken possession of the recliner and was currently watching a shopping channel. The volume on the TV was cranked up all the way. As Charles sprayed the bathroom he could clearly hear the host informing the audience there were only a few dozen Little Angel's Collector Plates still available for only $19.99, plus shipping and handling of course.
He opened the medicine cabinet and pawed through the contents. There was enough foil wrapped suppositories to last even the most constipated person at least five years. There was also a small box of adhesive bandages, an empty bottle of aspirin, a mostly empty tube of hemorrhoid cream, and behind a small glass bottle of iodine a rusty pair of tweezers. He found them stuck in another small pool of congealed goop and had to pry them loose. After turning the hot water faucet on he washed off the tweezers.
Charles flipped on the light over the bathroom sink and stood poised to pull out the splinter, but stopped. He stared at his hand and the splinter in a combination of confusion and disbelief.

In the sickly flickering glow of florescent light he wasn't sure he was really seeing something odd or not. He stepped into the hallway and looked again. The color around the splinter had gone from its normal peachy hue to dull dark gray all around the splinter to about the a size of a dime. The fuck? He thought, while trying to grip the splinter with the tweezers.
Never accused of being a graceful or even mildly coordinated man he fiddled and prodded at the splinter for several minutes. He grew more frustrated and mildly alarmed as the gray color around the splinter grew in size.
“Gotcha,” he grunted and pulled out the almost a quarter of an inch long splinter. No blood oozed out of the tiny hole as he stared at the splinter still held in the tweezers. His eyes opened wider as the small brown splinter slowly wiggled back and forth in the tweezers grip. Just flush the damn thing. Squirt some iodine on yer hand and go try to stop Barbara from ordering some stupid collectors plates. The thought was very persuasive as he heard her punching in the phone number from the living room and muttering to herself, “Ooh that's too cute the way the puppy is sitting up.”
He held the moving splinter in the tweezers and looked at his hand with the growing dull gray patch of skin as revelation hit. It's some kind of poison shit. Great.

After carrying the slowly waving splinter back to the kitchen, he got a small plastic sandwich bag and dropped it in. Charles prodded his discolored palm and was alarmed at how cool and numb it had grown. There wasn't even a tingle, but the discolored area was spreading into his fingers and was creeping around to the other side of his hand. The skin where the splinter had been was as black as his socks and the color faded up to the original gray in the slowly spreading area on his hand.
He hurried back to the bathroom and poured the whole bottle of iodine on his hand wherever it was turning those frightening gray and black colors. Charles tried to wiggle his affected fingers but they wouldn't move. They felt dead.
Breathing harder and scared he went to the living room and listened as Barbara recited the credit card number to the courteous operator who was standing by ready to take her order.

“Barbara honey, I need to use the phone. I think something-” Charles started to say before she glared up at him.
“Hang on one sec honey, my idiot husband is whining bout something,” she interrupted, fixed him with the look, and waited for him to say something else. The look she gave him made the prospect of his hand falling off seem rather unimportant. Her eyes narrowed, her crooked discolored teeth were bared back, and her breathing had started that unmistakable gearing up sound she made when she was about to start yelling.
He backed up and looked down sheepishly. “Uh, never mind honey. It will be okay. You go ahead and get your-” He pointed at the TV where there was an extreme close-up of a plate. The plate had a painting of a puppy, all brown with bushy hair and a pointy tail. The puppy was standing on its hind legs and its front paws were reaching up at several red, yellow, and blue butterflies. It was the most vomit inducing thing Charles had ever seen.
“You gonna shut up and not be a horse's ass while I'm on the phone?” It was phrased like a question, yet carried with it the undeniable tone of an order.
Charles nodded and walked out of the living room and back to the kitchen.

I'll get the bag and take the splinter to the hospital, he thought, nodding as he grabbed his car keys and started reaching for the bag and stopped. Rubbing his eyes, he stared at the counter unable to believe what he was seeing.
Three roaches, identical to the one from earlier, were sitting near the bag and one of the bugs was shooting what appeared to be a brilliantly bright laser beam at it. He faintly smelled burning plastic and saw the bag slowly being burnt open by the light coming from the bug. His hand forgotten, he watched as the bug that had been firing the laser walked quickly in thru the hole it had made.
The other two roaches turned around and angled themselves so they were facing him. The bug that had gone into the bag lowered itself down and then a small bright light winked on near the bottom. Several tiny things came out of it and moved over to the slowly waving splinter.

He ran to his desk and tried to open the drawers with his numb hand, found it impossible and used his other one until he found his magnifying glass he used for building model cars. Or, as Barbara believed, he used while sniffing glue as he built model cars.
When he got back to the kitchen the one roach was still in the bag and the splinter was slowly moving back toward the bug surrounded by dozens of small moving figures. Another bug (or whatever the hell they were) was still sitting outside the bag pointing at him. He wondered briefly where the third one might be but had to see what the Hell was going on down there and lowered the magnifying glass.

Sweat covered his body in a thin sour smelling nimbus as he stared at the tiny moving objects. The little things were still much too tiny to clearly make out, but they had attached something that looked like shiny silver strings and were moving the splinter closer to the body of the bug, thing or ship? Could those really be tiny spaceships sitting on my counter, just inches away from a jar of extra crunchy peanut butter?
He stared in amazement and wonder as the little things began shifting the splinter against the roach. He shook his head and stared as bright lights flared where the splinter rejoined the ship. I should call the newspaper or the government. I could be famous. He saw, in his infertile imagination, a newspaper featuring his photograph with the words Charles Campbell discovers aliens in his kitchen!
He lost track of time, but eventually noticed fewer little people were around and realized they were going back inside the roach. In the several minutes he had been staring at the tiny recovery operation the third roach, the one he hadn't noticed disappear, had climbed up and sat on his dull gray hand. By the time the last of the tiny people were going back in their spaceship that looked like a roach his hand had slowly started changing shades back from black and gray to a much more healthy pink hue. He was watching the bug in the bag walking out when he felt the tingles of his previously numb hand. Charles glanced down and saw the third bug slowly bringing what looked like tiny hoses back inside.
He stared at his hand, saw the more familiar skin tone and sighed with a smile. He looked down as the third bug walked off his hand and all three lined up on the counter facing him.
A strong bright white light rapidly flashed into his eyes and he heard clearly a voice begin to speak. “You will not remember anything unusual happening this evening. You simply had a splinter. Your hand hurt for a while and that is all you will remember.” There were some unintelligible whispers before the message continued. “And you will never again approach another roach or any other bug. Go back to your normal existence. That is all.”
The bright flashing lights winked out and the small roaches remained motionless as Charles rubbed his eyes, yawned, and went to the refrigerator for a beer while briefly wondering why his hand tingled slightly. He had just popped the top off his beer and was taking a sip when Barbara started to yell.
“You goddamned idiot! Look! More roaches and you standing there swilling beer!” She brought down the cutting board on the three scurrying bugs with both flabby arms swinging it. It was a heavy one, made of beautiful oak, which had been passed down from generation to generation; never to be passed down again.

People for thirty miles around heard the explosion. Houses within half a mile of the blast site, formerly known as Charles and Barbara's house, caught fire from the blast wave and windows were shattered for several miles around. Twenty people were struck temporarily blind from the flash of brilliant white light. The radiation levels were never revealed to the public, but dozens of people died within a few days of the blast. The FBI, Homeland Security, CIA, and several large black vans filled with men in odd looking uniforms with masks and respirators cordoned off the approximately fifteen miles around the explosion site.
The only public explanation theorized was that apparently terrorists had been experimenting and were trying to build a nuclear weapon when it, presumably, accidentally detonated. After all, why would anyone nuke a town of 1,800 people in rural Northern Alabama? One member of The International Nuclear Regulatory Commission summed up the town's fate this way on TV.
“The only things that will be able to live around the immediate blast site here in Palmerdale for the next two hundred years are roaches.”


CHAPTER TWO: Sugar and spice

The sun was setting as a limping possum trundled slowly across and through a thicket of leafy green kudzu. It wiggled its nose and peered at the clearing ahead. Sniffing the air intensely, it was unsure if its eyesight or nose was to blame for the confusion. It smelled no people in the area, but a human girl was sprawled in the kudzu plants only a few feet away. Deciding to trust its nose, it continued to move slowly forward. It moved cautiously but fell over on its side and remained motionless as the girl began to speak.
“Hello. I am Betty White. I have come here to visit my relatives. I am twelve years old.” The girl spoke in a normal tone of voice but her eyes did not blink, nor did any part of her body move except her mouth.
A squirrel stopped climbing a nearby tree looked down at the girl and remained still as she spoke. It had seen the girl, gradually increasing in size, over the last few weeks and thought it slightly curious but otherwise held no particular opinion on the matter.
The girl's body grew larger every couple of days. Each time it grew, a large silvery ball descended from the sky the night before.
The squirrel didn't like the sounds the ball made and would leave the area whenever it came.  When the diminutive woodland creature came back the first time, after the ball left, it found a girl's head on the ground cushioned by the leafy kudzu plants. Every time the ball came and left the girl's body was larger. Its growth seemed odd to the squirrel but only in a passing way. It had more important things to consider. Fall was here, winter was coming, and nuts didn't collect themselves. 

The girl turned her head toward the prone body of the possum and her eyes opened slightly wider. She sat upright and then stood. Wearing a black short sleeved shirt and shorts, she squatted down and poked the possum gently with her index finger. “You are not dead. You are pretending to be dead so I will not harm you, but you have nothing to fear from me. I will neither eat nor hurt you,” she said then leaned back in the underbrush and opened her mouth wide. A blue butterfly fluttered to a stop inside her mouth.
The squirrel lost interest and wandered away.
The girl remained motionless and eventually the possum quietly limped away as a small roach climbed up and sat on the girl's forehead.

For an hour nothing changed, except the setting sun.
A robin landed on a tree branch overhead and looked down. It spotted the tasty looking roach and swooped down. Using its beak, it attempted to bite the insect in half. The roach's body flashed a brilliant blue-white light and the robin slid off of the girls face and fell to the ground dead.
As the last rays of the sun left the sky a silver ball, about two feet in diameter, descended from somewhere far above the Earth. It settled into the kudzu plants just in front of her and a small dark rectangle opened on its surface. Five roaches, two ladybugs and a canary emerged. They moved to the girl’s outstretched hand and remained motionless there for nearly another hour.
A crow, with smoke singed feathers and a missing wing, hopped from under the weeds and entered the silver ball. The dark rectangle closed and the butterfly flew rapidly into the sky heading south. The roach that had been sitting on her forehead climbed into the girl's mouth while the other insects and canary went off in different directions.
She turned toward the distant sounds of yelling and music and started to walk in toward them.

*****

“Run! Run, damn it!” Coach Waldrip yelled, holding a clipboard in his big sweaty hands. He swore and threw the clipboard at the bench without looking.
Freshman Tommy Owens had taken off his helmet just seconds earlier to drink some water. The thrown clipboard connected solidly with his forehead, surprising the teenager and causing him to fall backward off of the bench.
Jake Carver looked down at his stunned teammate and laughed. But looking up at the scoreboard his laugh quickly died. It was the fourth quarter with five minutes left on the clock.
His team, The Fighting Possums, trailed The Rebels twenty-nine to twenty-three. He watched the game for a few seconds then turned and watched Amy Lynn leading the other cheerleaders. The squad was gyrating rhythmically to the marching band's music. He smelled the popcorn drifting over from the stands as some of the crowd began to leave, apparently trying to avoid the heavy traffic after the game.
Amy was on top of an impressive pyramid of teenage girls cheering loudly.
From his vantage point he could see up her small skirt and smiled.
A sudden whack to the side of his helmet made him turn to face the red faced coach Waldrip.
“You, Carver! Get your mind right! Get in there and run the Jethro plays! I'll signal which ones, now get your ass out there!” The coach yelled, as spittle flew from his lips.
You better calm down coach or you'll have a heart attack, Jake thought, as he ran onto the field to his teammates.

“Coming onto the field is number twenty-two, Jake Carver,” the announcer said, in an over the top excited voice. “While they're huddling up, let me remind everyone that Sonny James Used Cars is proud to bring you live coverage of this exciting game tonight on WRAG FM; The voice of Ragland.
Remember that tomorrow is free hot dog day at Sonny James so bring the kids, bring the dogs, heck why not slap the dust and cobwebs off of the mother-in-law and haul her along too?
It’s first down at the Rebel's forty yard line, with three minutes and twenty five seconds left in the game. The Possums have lined up for the snap. Carver fades back. But no one's open. He feints left and then sprints down the center and- Oh baby, he's been dog piled at the thirty-four yard line.”
The announcer continued to ramble, but all Jake heard was a repetitive series of hollow thumping sounds as he lay motionless on the field.

He awoke on his back when the coach (never trained in proper medical procedures) judiciously threw a cup of icy cold water in his face. Jake felt woozy as he sat up and tried to decipher what the coach was screaming at him. His ears felt like they were stuffed with cotton as he shook his head.
“Jake, wake up! Can you hear me? The team needs you, boy! Come on, suck it up! Get out there! Do it for the school!” Waldrip yelled, bending over him.
Jake noticed the sweat stained armpits of the coach’s shirt and smelled a hint of whiskey trying to hide under the aroma of chewing tobacco as he looked up. His hearing and vision cleared at the same moment the coach said, “Do it for the school.”
The boy nodded and his fellow players helped him stand up. He glanced at the scoreboard. Fourth down? How long was I out? He wondered, trotting back onto the field.

As the teams lined up for the last play of the game, a young blonde haired girl wearing a black short sleeved shirt and shorts stood silently watching from the Rebel's end zone. The girl glanced briefly at the stands, watching the people yelling, and then looked back as Jake shouted “Hike!”

“Carver has the ball!” The announcer shouted over the public address system and for all the listeners on WRAG radio. “He's under pressure. He's swinging left and running hard. He's at the twenty… the ten… Touchdown Possums!
With twenty seconds left in the game, and the score tied at twenty-nine, Waldrip calls for his last time out.
Just a friendly reminder folks; Sonny James has just received a dozen, that's right twelve, like new used cars this afternoon. All of them come with low mileage and all are protected by the Sonny James personal guarantee. Sonny wants you and your family to come on down tomorrow, enjoy some free hotdogs, and with every purchase receive a free brand new AM-FM radio.
I was just handed a note to remind everyone, if you'd like to donate to help out the people in Palmerdale, the Red Cross blood mobile is in the parking lot. And stay tuned to WRAG after the game for the best in classic rock and roll.”

Jake watched, from the sidelines, as Tommy Owens kicked the field goal. It was good and the remaining crowd cheered wildly. After the ball sailed through the goal very few people saw the little girl reach up and catch it one-handed. Jake saw the catch and the girl staring back at him as he cheered along with the rest of the team. When the cheerleaders and players blocked his view of the girl he felt an odd desire to go talk to her.
Tommy was grinning like he'd just won the lottery as Amy Lynn gave him a big hug.
The marching band was playing, and the milling crowd made it hard for Jake to think clearly as he worked his way through the knots of people until he saw the goal posts and past the end-zone where the girl had been standing. He didn't see her in the small groups of people heading toward the parking lot. Trotting over to where she had been standing, he looked around but she was gone.
He unsnapped his helmet and slid it off. Sweat dripped down his face and the back of his neck as he looked down at the football or what remained of it. He bent down and picked up the deflated ball. There were four small holes running along its length. Poking his finger inside one of the holes, Jake looked confused as the announcer wrapped up his broadcast. “Ladies and gentlemen, and those of you who aren't quite sure, it is official the Ragland Fighting Possums have beaten the Rebels thirty to twenty-nine. Coach Waldrip certainly has a lot to be thankful for tonight. If you'd like to show a little thankfulness don't forget the Red Cross bloodmobile will be taking donations in the parking lot for another hour.
Drive carefully on your way home and don't forget tomorrow there's going to be all the free hot dogs you can eat at Sonny James Used Cars, where they treat you like family.
We now return you to our regular programming.”


Thomas McGee slowed his old truck to a crawl and then stopped as his wife shouted at him.  “Pull over you old coot. That poor little girl looks lost,” Sally said unrolling the passenger side window and called to a girl watching the cars go past. “Girl, where are your shoes?”
The blonde girl dressed in black shorts and shirt looked at the old lady in the car saying, “I have no shoes.” Then tilted her head very slightly and added, “Ma'am.”
The old lady said something to the driver of the truck and then opened her door. Sally was nearly ninety years old, but she moved with amazing speed as she walked over to the young girl. They were nearly the same height and the girl looked at the old woman as she came closer.
“Where are your folks, sweetie? Why don't you have shoes? Are you lost? You look lost.”
“I,” the girl said then paused for a moment before continuing. “I have no folk’s ma'am. In that, I have no parents to speak of. I did not know footwear was required. Is it a law? As to being lost, I know precisely where I am. I am in Ragland Alabama.” She paused again before adding, My name is Betty White. It is nice to meet you.”
“My mamma always used to say All God's children got shoes. I believe we have some in one of the closets at home that would fit you,” Sally said, and waited a few seconds for the girl to respond.
The girl didn't say anything.
“You say your name is Betty, eh? That's a right pretty name. I bet you haven't had anything to eat tonight, have you Betty?” Sally continued, looking at how skinny the girl was. “If you need a meal you can come home with Thomas, my husband, and me. I won't be able to sleep at all tonight if you don't come along,” Sally said, reaching out and taking the girl's hand.
“I do not wish you to lose sleep. It is vital for good health and at your apparent advanced age. You should not lose any rest. If my coming along will make you feel better and rest more comfortably I will accompany you,” Betty said, allowing the old lady to lead her to the rumbling truck.
The girl climbed in slowly (as if she'd never been in a car before) and sat quietly looking out the windshield as the old lady climbed in after her and closed the door.

“Tom, this here is Betty White. She's gonna be coming along for supper and you're gonna be happy about it. Right?” Sally said and gave her husband a look he knew all too well.
Slipping the truck into gear, he said, “Yes, dear.”
They rode along in silence for a few seconds before the girl spoke up from the dimly lit cab of the truck.
“Your hand is squeezing my leg. Why are you doing that?” Betty asked.
“Thomas, you old horny goat! Get your filthy paws off of this little girl before I skin you alive with a dull potato peeler!” Sally screeched.
“Oops sorry. My hand slipped,” Thomas said smiling, as the truck rumbled through town.
“You have an odd accent Betty. You don't sound like you're from around here. If I was to bet, which I never do, I'd say you're from somewhere up north,” Sally said, keeping an eye on her husband as they headed home.
The girl continued to silently look out the windshield as the truck passed a few fast food restaurants and a gas station.
“Is something ailing you? You sure don't talk much. You don't have to worry about Tom, if that's what has you so hushed up. He's just a touch senile. He don't mean no harm.”
Tom shot his wife a dirty look as the truck slowed for the turnoff to their driveway.
Though it was unpaved and full of potholes, with decades of practice, he drove around them with ease. Rounding a curve in the driveway the headlights flashed across an old white two story house.
“Be it ever so humble this here's our home, Miss Betty. I think you'll like it,” Sally said, as the old man parked the truck near a large oak tree.
A wooden porch encircled the front of the house and dozens of hanging plants adorned it. A large cat stood up and stretched on the porch. As Sally got out she said, “That's my cat, Mr. Sawyer. I named him after the boy in that book, Tom Sawyer. Have you ever read it?”
“Tom Sawyer was written by Mr. Samuel Clements in the nineteenth century. I am familiar with many books on a wide variety of topics,” Betty said, stepping out of the truck.
Sally was looking at the girl and missed the cat's reaction to the new arrival. It stared at the girl and hissed as its fur puffed out. After another second the cat turned and ran into the house.
“You might know a lot about books, young lady, but Tom Sawyer was written by Mr. Mark Twain,” Sally said, leading the girl by the hand up the porch steps.

Tom sat behind the wheel of the truck and wasn't paying attention to the girl's rambling about pen names. As he watched her walk up the steps a big slightly disturbing grin spread over his face. “Mm, so sweet,” he whispered, thinking about all the fun he could have later with his house guest.

*****

The county deputy was both disgusted and tired. He continued to wonder just how stupid people were as he used a flashlight to wave oncoming traffic to turn around and go back where they came from.
The road into Pinson, the town adjacent to Palmerdale, was closed to all traffic and quarantined. There were signs and big military trucks blocking the road behind him, yet more cars seemed to come every day. An enormous black RV with two small satellite dishes on top stopped and an old man with wispy white hair dressed in a tweed jacket came out. He walked quickly over to the deputy and presented a red laminated card.
“Stay put. I have to call this in for verification,” the deputy said.
The old man nodded and looked at the line of cars snaking behind them down the road for as far as he could see. Within seconds the deputy came over and gave him back his red card saying, “Dr. Anniston, you have been given clearance. The site director wants you to stop in at the restaurant on top of the hill. It's just through the intersection.”
The old man turned and began to walk back to the RV, but the deputy spoke again quickly, “Doctor, could you spare a second?”
“What is it?” He asked, in an irritated and exhausted tone of voice, turning around again.
“Is it safe to be standing out here? I've heard that the radiation levels were safe, but…” he paused and looked worried then continued, “I'm not afraid or anything. I just don't want to go home and make my wife or kids sick. Is it really safe out here?”
The old man's irritable look didn't disappear, but it did fade slightly as he listened to the deputy. “The event site-” he paused then started again, “The explosion site does have significant radioactive levels. But you are well outside of the danger zone. Your wife and children will not be harmed by your assignment. Now, if you will excuse me, I must be going,” the old man said, then hurried back to the RV and climbed aboard.
Breathing easier, the deputy grabbed one of the roadblock saw horses and moved it out of the way for the RV to pass through.

Minutes later, Dr. Anniston and his personal assistant Trevor entered the restaurant. The elderly man was surprised to smell hamburgers grilling. He'd expected the kitchen to be closed since there were no civilian employees inside the quarantine zone.
A temporary partition wall separated off half of the dining area and a soldier stood at attention in front of the only door going in. The rest of the room was taken up with a few tired looking soldiers and a pair of men wearing black overcoats who were whispering at the table farthest away from everyone else.
He told Trevor to go check and see if there was anything edible being served while he checked in. Walking over to the soldier, he pulled out the security pass and presented it.
“Go on in,” the guard said, after briefly glancing at it.
Opening the door, the old man saw one wall had a highly detailed color satellite photograph covering it. A small desk was in the center of the room. Several manila folders were stacked in neat piles on it. Seated behind the desk a woman was talking on a phone.
He guessed she might be in her late thirties. Her black hair was tied up in a tight bun. Unlike most government people he’d met before she was wearing normal clothes; blue jeans and a red and black plaid shirt. He couldn’t see her shoes but was willing to bet they were some type of boots or tennis shoes.
She nodded at the old man and waved for him to come inside.

He entered, closed the door, and walked over to the wall with the aerial photograph. A collection of small round yellow stickers covered most of the area that was black and gray on the map. A bright red sticker was near the middle of the yellow ones. Leaning closer, he stared at the lone red sticker and noted how trees within a quarter of a mile had been stripped as bare as toothpicks and most of them had fallen in a concentric circle away from it.
He stepped back and tried to see if he could spot where he was on the map.
A four lane highway ran south away from the blast zone. An intersection showed a small shopping center and there were several green stickers in the parking lot. He heard the woman behind the desk finish her call and turned toward her.
“Welcome to Pinson Alabama Dr. Anniston, or would you prefer to be addressed as professor?” The lady said, standing up from her chair and reaching across the desk to shake hands.
“I would prefer James, but if you feel the need you may call me Dr. Anniston,” he said, as they shook hands. “The professor title is something for my role when I choose to do lectures at universities not out here in the real world. You are Amalia Armstrong. Am I correct?”
“You are indeed. Please have a seat,” she said, gesturing to a metal folding chair. “I’m sorry the accommodations are so sparse but things have been rather hectic, to say the least, over the last few days.”
“It’s alright, but I’m more than a bit confused,” he said, sitting down slowly on the cold hard chair with a wince of discomfort. “Why does Homeland Security need me? I’m happy to help, but frankly I’m at a loss as to why I’m here.”
“Technically speaking, I’m not with Homeland Security or any other branch of the government you’ve probably ever heard of. I serve as a specialist regarding events of singular oddness for various departments, but mostly I work with the Federal Bureau of Investigations,” she explained with a smile. “Did you ever watch that television series where federal agents worked on odd cases of the paranormal?”
“I’m afraid not. The last television show I watched regularly was Little House on the Prairie. Modern excuses for television programming tend to make me nauseated.” he said, looking at his watch and yawning before continuing. “So, you are an agent who investigates odd events. Seems to me a nuclear blast, albeit a fairly small one would not equate to the realm of the paranormal; abnormal to be certain but not paranormal.” He paused and looked thoughtfully at the aerial map on the wall again then back at her. “I was under the impression, from news reports, that this was a case of terrorism but your being here coupled with the request I received to come here raises an interesting question,” he said, falling silent and looking at her expectantly.
“That being?” She asked, with a smirk.
“Do you suspect this a new Roswell or something along those lines?”
“I wasn’t alive when the incident at Roswell took place. But you’re on the right path James. The initial investigators found several things that didn’t make much sense.
Nuclear material leaves a unique signature under normal circumstances. A trained technician can usually identify the probable or definite origins of such material within hours or sometimes minutes but rarely is it impossible to determine. The blast here was five days ago, almost six, and yet the best investigators in the world are stumped. The radioactive signature is unique and several trace elements have been found at the blast site, but the kicker is this; one of them was previously unknown.”
“Unknown to whom?” Dr. Anniston asked, as he felt his pulse quickening.
“I’m not trying to sound melodramatic when I say, it’s unknown to anyone on this planet. But that’s not the reason you were asked to come.
Since the blast, intelligence has intercepted several messages that have been indecipherable.  At first we tried decoding them as regular messages, but the world’s best cryptologists and most advanced computers haven’t had any luck.
Admiral Branson, at Langley, suggested you might have some degree of success with them and that’s why you’re here.”
“My dear, I hate to correct you however I am here because I chose to come. The news media have been filled with a plethora of drivel, as usual. Admiral Branson said you’d fill me in on the true story.” He unwrapped a small butterscotch hard candy and sucked at it before continuing. “How have the messages been intercepted?”

Amalia looked embarrassed and remained silent for several seconds before saying, “E-mails sent over the internet.” She saw Anniston’s face turning red and hurriedly continued. “It’s not a hoax. I swear it’s not. Ever since the blast, government snooper programs have intercepted several dozen of these messages. They range in size from a few dozen to a few hundred symbols.
The origins have been WI FI internet hotspots with multiple source email addresses and the addressee is always different. The origin has been tracked back to several sites throughout the world, but the majority have been sent from here.”
“Here?” He asked torn between laughter and disbelief.
“The majority, over eighty percent have originated from the Birmingham area.” She handed him a micro memory card. “Here’s the complete record, so far, of every message. Is there anything I can do to help, James?”
“I will need a place to park my vehicle and a good night’s sleep,” he said, taking the memory card with his trembling fingers. “And before you tell me not to let any of this information leak out, please do not bother.
Back when I worked to decipher both the Nazi’s Enigma program and the Imperial Japanese codes, I was taught the consequences of loose lips. One of my fellow analysts disappeared for nothing more than a slip of a tongue after a few drinks at a London tavern.” He slid the memory card into his shirt pocket.
“Your driver will be told where to park. The operations and research trailers are already in place. If you gain any insight, ANY-” she stressed “...please let me know as soon as possible.
I’ve managed to steer the more aggressive elements of the military away from the more insane responses they’ve proposed, but time is critical Dr. Anniston; very critical.”
“Are you suggesting they wish to retaliate? Against whom and where? Are they so convinced that it’s extra terrestrials that they won’t believe it even if I prove these e-mails are just coming from mundane run of the mill terrorists?” He asked, standing up with some difficulty. The cold metal chair had been decidedly uncomfortable for his old body.
“All I know is that there is a faction that believes all of this is a prelude to an alien attack. Saner minds are currently unconvinced of an alien connection. Those are the decision makers who are looking at some militant group being behind the whole mess.
Truthfully, I hope it is just a terrorist thing. If aliens are proven responsible behind this it could get very bad for everyone. There have been proposals made that I can’t go into detail about, but let’s just say they would make what happened here pale in comparison.”
“I understand,” he said, feeling much older than he had when he first came in. He glanced at the color aerial map again before walking to the door. The crazy nutters want to nuke the area. It’s just like those crazy movies from the 1950’s. Aliens come to Earth and some idiot in the army wants to exterminate them. Only this time they would incinerate millions of humans in the process. Good God, what a mess. All I have to do is prove the messages are from terrorists or not related to this event to save everyone, he thought, closing the door behind him.

“Do they have anything edible?” Anniston asked his old friend, Trevor.
“Nothing I would suggest for human consumption. Give me twenty minutes and I'll whip up something that won't give us botulism or something equally disagreeable,” Trevor said, holding open the door to the parking lot.
“That would be most appreciated. What time do you have?”
“It's almost eight. Why do you ask?”
“I think after dinner I shall try and get some sleep. I'll try and arise early tomorrow and get to work. If I weren't so exhausted I'd start now,” the old man said, stifling a yawn.
“Is it that bad?” Trevor asked, opening the door to the RV.
“It's just the end of the world, but I feel fine.” Dr. Anniston said, with a slight smile.
“Oh, good, you had me worried for a moment.”


CHAPTER THREE: All God’s children don’t need shoes

Thomas waited impatiently for Sally to fall asleep. As she tossed and turned, he knew if he tried to sneak out of bed she’d be fully awake in an instant. However, once she was unconscious he knew it would take a freight train plowing thru the bedroom to snap her out of her slumber.
Just thinking about the cute girl sleeping down the hallway was enough to give him something he hadn’t had for nearly a decade; an erection. (Of course, the two special little blue pills he took before bedtime might also have had something to do with that) He felt his lumpy wife fidgeting next to him in their king size bed and grew more impatient as he stared at the red numbers on the clock glowing brightly in the darkened room.
She’s so pretty. Like a delicate porcelain doll. I don’t care how weird she acts, she’s perfect. Probably a run away or maybe a bit touched in the head. Either way, I’m sure we could have some fun together, he thought, as a wicked grin stretched across his wrinkled face in the darkness.
Sally snorted next to him and brought him back to reality. The glowing red numbers floating in the inky blackness slowly advanced until his wife’s first rumbling series of snores began. Not wanting to be caught, he decided to wait a few more minutes to be on the safe side. I bet I could do things to that girl that would make her squeal in delight for hours. And then, I bet she could do some nice things for me. Maybe she’d fall in love with me. She might even beg me to run away with her and be her husband. I wonder how old she is. I guess I could ask her after we’re done having some fun, he thought, slowly sitting up and swinging his old spindly legs out from under the heavy quilt.

With his wife’s snoring cycling up stronger and louder he was sure the time had finally come. After standing up on his shaking skinny legs, he tip toed across the room. He ignored the familiar route to the bathroom and headed instead for the closed hallway door. Dressed only in a saggy pair of jockey shorts that were mostly brown with a few white spots, which when brand new had been solid white in color, he felt more alive than he had in years. With visions of himself as an admittedly somewhat older Romeo in search of his juvenile Juliet he stepped firmly down on Mr. Sawyer’s tail.
Mr. Sawyer had been sleeping soundly but having been awakened by a bare footed ninety-eight pound horny old man it did what seemed most reasonable and logical. The cat yowled and dug its sharp claws into one of the old man’s ankles. It bit down as its rear feet kicked and clawed at the man’s leg for good measure.
Tom screamed for less than a quarter second before managing to clamp a hand over his mouth. Realizing what he'd done, the old man lifted the foot that had stomped down on the cat with as he struggled both not to scream and not to collapse from the intense unexpected pain.
Mr. Sawyer was free but chose to give the old man a few more lacerations and scrapes as it wrapped himself more fully around his lower leg.
The old man reached down, grabbed a handful fur attached to the cat and pulled.
This was not a good way to extricate the extremely agitated feline from his leg.
As he lost his balance and fell against the wall, the cat retracted its claws and ran under the bed.
I’m gonna shoot that damn fleabag, he thought, limping slowly to the hallway door. After finding the doorknob, he held it firmly and listened to his wife continuing to snore. Slowly, he opened the door and crept into the deserted hallway. By the light spilling from the living room he could see trickles of blood running down one leg.

The mantel clock in the living room started chiming as he walked in. Had he not been looking down at his wounds he probably would have seen Betty before she spoke, but as it was he nearly had a heart attack.
“You are injured,” the strange girl observed from where she stood in front of an antique oak desk.
An almost obsolete computer they used for keeping in touch with relatives was in front of her. Her fingers were rapidly tapping on the keyboard as she turned her head and looked at the old man.
Looking embarrassed, he stood in the middle of the living room wearing only his dirty underwear. “It’s nothing really. The cat just didn’t take kindly to being stepped on. It doesn’t even hurt,” he said, trying to figure out what to do or say next.
“Why did you step on your cat?”
“I didn’t intend on doing that. It was just an accident,” he said, moving slowly toward her as she continued to type extremely fast. “So, you like playing on computers? Me too.”
She turned her head back so she was again facing the screen.
He bit his lip and decided to prod the girl. “I hope you’re not looking up naughty pictures on there. Sally gets mighty pissed when she catches me taking a gander.”
Sidling up behind the girl, he placed his hand on her shoulder and looked at the computer screen. He recognized the popular email program and tried to read what she was writing. It was gibberish; just a long series of numbers and letters and symbols.
He looked at her face and forgot all about his aching leg and the computer. My God, she’s beautiful, he thought sniffing at her hair.
She didn’t seem to notice or mind so he sniffed again and looked puzzled. There was a faint aroma of chemicals about her that he hadn’t noticed earlier. It wasn’t quite ammonia but it was close. And some other smells he couldn’t even guess at.

The old man was so engrossed in Betty, he didn’t notice her finish the message she had typed and sent. When she turned to look at him, he jumped back startled.
“You should treat your injury or it will likely get infected,” she said, staring up at him.
“It’s not that bad. Betty can I ask you a question?” He continued as his breathing increased and his face turned slightly pink.
“You just did.”
Thomas looked confused for a second and then chuckled. “Right you are, Missy. But what I meant was; may I ask you a personal question. You know just between you and me.”
“Yes.”
“Would you like to sit on the couch with me?” He asked gesturing at a large lace covered sofa.
“Is that the personal question you wanted to ask?” Betty asked, walking toward the sofa.
Thomas laughed and sat down. “Yer a funny little lady, ain’t ya? No Betty, I just wanna have a little chat is all. Here, take a load off,” he said patting his knee. “Just sit on my lap and call me Santa.”
“I do not think I should. I weigh quite a bit.”
Weighs a lot, my dimpled ass, the old man thought angrily. Little bitch just doesn’t want to play nice. He grabbed the girl’s wrist and pulled her onto his lap.
Betty tried to keep from falling but was surprised and knocked off balance.
He smiled as he pulled her down and wrapped his arms around the girl’s waist. His smile was very brief as her full weight snapped his leg like a brittle chicken bone.
A scream was growing in volume as Betty looked into the old man’s shocked face. Her blue eyes flickered and a brilliant flashing light shined out of them. His scream died into a murmur of confusion and then nothing as his mouth hung open and his pupils dilated.
She stood back up and removed the old man’s arms from around her waist as the flashing light sped up. “Be quiet. You do not feel any pain. When you awaken you will not remember coming to see me tonight.” She paused for several seconds before continuing. “You will help me in any way that I ask. I am your granddaughter, Betty White. I have come to live with you and your wife for a time. Now, close your eyes and sleep until morning.”
The old man’s eyes closed and his head tilted down to his chest as he snored softly.
She spotted the erection in his underwear and tilted her head very slightly. After several seconds she placed her hand on his leg where the bone had snapped.
They remained like that for nearly twenty minutes before she slid her arms around the old man’s body and lifted him over her shoulder. Carrying him easily down the hallway, she opened the bedroom door and walked inside.
The cat standing on the open windowsill hissed at her as she slid the old man into the bed.
“He is unharmed, Mr. Sawyer,” the girl said, pulling the quilt up over his snoring body. Quietly, she turned and walked back into the hallway before closing the door behind her.

*****

The stars were still bright as dawn crept closer. An owl hooted softly somewhere in the distance as a dog, a combination German Shepherd and all round mutt, slept on his back on the porch of a small rustic house. Quietly whimpering, its legs moved rapidly in the air as a light came on inside.
Jake Carver opened the backdoor and carefully stepped over the slumbering dog. He walked down the steps carrying a metal bowl filled with dog food. Turning on a spigot, the boy filled a bucket with water and set the bowl of food next to it.
“Hey Frodo, are you dreaming of chasing rabbits or orcs?” He whispered. Leaning back with his hands on his hips, Jake stretched and yawned.
Dressed in his track and field uniform, the boy walked toward the chicken coop. He climbed over the three foot high wire mesh fence and opened the lid on the plastic container and threw out some of the dried corn for the still roosting birds. After checking that there was clean water in their trough, he climbed back over the fence.
Wiping chicken shit off the bottom of his shoes, Jake shuffled his feet across the grass and began his stretching exercises. While warming up, he heard Frodo’s collar clinking against his bowl as the dog ate. Lazy dog. Typical of a Hobbit, Jake thought, as he set the timer on his cell phone and started jogging down the driveway toward the deserted two lane road ahead.
A minute later, Frodo was bounding along beside him as the promise of dawn made the stars dim slightly on the eastern horizon.

It was late October and Jake Carver breathed deep the crisp morning air as he ran. To him it smelled like a subtle perfume devised by a madman. There was cow and horse manure mixed with a generous portion of pine trees. After almost two miles, the country road lined with trees opened up and Jake could see the sleepy rural town of Ragland beyond several acres of pastures and farmland.
He wondered briefly if he was the only one awake when a pair of headlights appeared in the distance. There was a light fog making the town seem kind of spooky. Jake smiled and shook his head as he followed the winding country road back into the trees. It’s sort of like a ghost town except nothing weird ever happens here, darn it.

After several more minutes of running, from around a curve in the road, he heard a monotonous squeaking sound growing louder. The familiar shape of Allison Taylor pushing her rusty grocery cart, filled with a collection of treasured items, came into view. She smiled and waved. Jake waved back and kept running.
Frodo had been trotting along with Jake until he heard a noise a minute later. It was faint but insistent. The dog stopped running and looked at the thick jungle of trees and kudzu plants. The sound grew a little louder and he barked.
Jake stopped running and walked back to the dog.
What is it? You see some orcs? Maybe it’s some tree-ents?” He rubbed the back of the dog’s head and clicked his tongue. “Come on you goober. Let’s go,” Jake said, before whistling as he ran and after a few more barks Frodo sprinted after him.
Behind them, a small silver ball cleared the trees and swiftly rose into the dawning sky.

*****

“Doctor Anniston, what are you doing?” A young lady asked, as she entered the computer lab and saw him stuffing tobacco into his nearly antique elaborately designed pipe. “You aren’t actually going to smoke that thing in here, are you?”
The old man looked at the digital clock on the wall and saw it was nearly five in the morning. He gave the young woman an irritated look and struck a wooden match. After lighting the tobacco, he puffed on his pipe and smiled. “Would you prefer I go outside and smoke, young lady?”
She tapped a fingernail against a sign tacked to the wall. It had quite large red letters on a white background that read, NO SMOKING!
“You would send an old nearly decrepit senior citizen, a veteran no less, outside on a bone chilling morning such as this? Where I would perhaps catch a stray germ or virus? Perhaps to fall ill at a time when the very existence of all mankind could hang in the balance? You would exile an old man to the cold unforgiving gulag of the Pigs Pride parking lot?” He sucked on the pipe, and stared at her through his thick glasses while thoughtfully stroking his neatly trimmed gray beard.
Sighing, she shook her head and sat down her workstation. “I just don’t want to get in trouble with whoever is in charge of this project.”
The old man chuckled softly as he puffed on his pipe and leaned back in his thickly padded leather office chair. “My dear, you are precious. Who do you suppose chose you to come out here to the wild, exotic lands of northern Alabama in the first place?”
She turned her head slightly to look at him. “You?”
He nodded and looked over several pages of the latest email messages spread over his desk.
An awkward silence filled the air as he scribbled on a notepad for a few seconds. The old man paused and looked as if he’d fallen asleep. The pipe sagged at the corner of his mouth and she was about to ask if he was alright when he opened his eyes and continued to write rapidly.
She turned back to her keyboard and entered the Algiers Paradigm Computer Program. He’s in charge? Who would have put a man his age in charge? I bet he’s never even touched a computer, she thought, running the latest intercepted email messages through the system.
“Alice? May I ask you a question?” Anniston asked, as he leaned back in his chair.
She saw the program was running computations and turned back to him. “Go ahead.”
“Do you believe these are messages from aliens?” He asked, standing up and walking slowly to a small wooden bookcase.
His tone of voice was neutral and she couldn’t tell if he was being sarcastic or serious. “Well, sir, the question of who they are is sort of irrelevant isn’t it? Whether they are from aliens from another planet or a group of nuts planning on setting off another nuclear device is beside the point, right?”
The old man switched on the stereo and smiled as he turned back to Alice. “At the risk of sounding melodramatic, I believe you are dead wrong. It makes all the difference in the world.” A big band swing tune began to play through the speakers as he continued. “If these messages are originating from a sinister group of our fellow Earthlings, desiring to wreak havoc, it raises two issues that trouble me.” He swayed as he walked, in an almost dancing fashion, across the computer lab.
Alice was surprised to see her foot tapping along in time to the music as she swiveled her chair and watched the old man gracefully half dance- half walk and continue to speak.
“If the people we seek are human terrorists they are damned peculiar ones. First, they build and detonate a low yield nuclear device in a rural area with an extremely low population.
Secondly, the messages themselves are as queer a duck as ever waddled out of Aunt Gertrude's garden pond. There’s no discernible pattern to them, at least none that this nearly ancient human can perceive,” he said, and stopped to look out of one the windows.
He stood motionless as the next song began to play.
Alice waited for several seconds before turning back to her computer and checking for any progress.

“I’d like to offer you a wager, young lady. If any of these splendidly designed deciphering programs manage to ever decode even a small portion of one of these messages, I shall never again smoke. But for the sake of the wager let’s put a time limit in place, say forty-eight hours. At that time, if no progress has been made you must honor me with a dance. What do you say?”
“You want to dance with me?” She asked, smiling and blushing slightly.
“Of course, my dear, but you missed my point entirely. I’m willing to wager my last remaining vice, namely smoking, that we’re barking up the wrong tree. If these messages are of an extra terrestrial origin we will most likely never make any sense of them. Maybe they aren’t messages at all.” He walked back to his chair shaking his head. “No, that’s not precisely what I mean to say. They are obviously messages, but the meaning may be as nonsensical to humans as whale song or dolphin chatter.”
Alice felt tempted to point out some researchers had already deciphered a small portion of those aquatic languages but let it slide. Mainly because she had been considering the same possibility since the first dozen different deciphering programs had failed utterly to make any sense of the messages.
“So is it a wager?” He asked, walking back to his chair.
“No, and not because I wouldn’t dance with you,” she said smiling. “Truthfully, I believe you may be right, but if that’s the case why are we bothering to try to figure out the messages at all?”
Leaning back in his chair, the old man sipped from his tea cup and smiled. “Because my dear, we could be wrong. If that’s the case, our efforts may be the only thing standing in the way of more disastrous events in the future.” His smile faded as he turned back to his notepad. He had just started to write when he heard a small scream behind him. He looked up and saw the woman run toward the door then stop and stare wide-eyed back at him.
“I’ll be right back. I have to get some bug spray,” she said, before opening the door and running down the small hallway.
Looking across the room, he saw a roach scurrying up the wall and into a crack where the ceiling intersected the wall. He shook his head and looked back at the notepad while puffing meditatively on his pipe.


CHAPTER FOUR: As the crow flies

“Do you like biscuits?” Sally asked as she turned from the stove and toddled over to the refrigerator.
“I am not hungry,” Betty said looking at the old lady’s collection of ornate spoons and tea cups she had decorating one of the walls of her kitchen. “Why do you have so many of these items?”
Sally glanced over and then went back to looking through the refrigerator. “Oh, I collected them things my whole life. All the really precious ones are in my curio cabinet in the living room. I used to travel a lot when I was a youngster and just sort of picked up some of this and that. You wouldn’t know it to look at me now but when I wasn’t much older than you, I was quite the free spirit. Even hopped a few freight cars and went wherever the train took me.
I was a wild child, Miss Betty, and that's a fact. But eventually trouble caught up with me,” she said carrying over a package of bacon and a carton of eggs. Lifting an iron skillet, the old lady shook her head and smiled a little. “Truth be told, you remind me more than a little of myself when I was your age.”
“What sort of trouble caught up with you?”
“I met up with a scoundrel. He was good looking and had a greased silver tongue and knew well how to use it,” Sally said giggling, as she laid bacon into the skillet and gave her a wink. “He worked at a carnival guessing people’s weight. If he got it right you’d lose, but if he was wrong he’d give you a prize.”
“Is that a common occupation? Estimating how much people weigh?”
Sally laughed as she poured a cup of coffee. “You say the darnedest things, Miss Betty. Sakes alive, no. It was just a hoot, for giggles and fun. Haven’t you ever been to a carnival before?”
“No ma’am. I believe your pig meat is burning,” Betty observed, pointing at the stove.
“Pig meat?” The old lady said and laughed again, as she hurried over to the stove. “It’s called bacon, sweetie. You’re not one of those animal rights fruitcakes, are you? Don’t get me wrong, believe whatever you want just don’t get between me and my-” she smiled and continued, “pig meat. Bless you, child. I haven’t laughed this much in years. Although, you mostly sure are a quiet one. And why don’t you smile more? You’re a pretty young lady. If you're gonna get along in this crazy old world you need to smile more. Smile like you're large and in charge.”
Betty grinned hugely as Sally got up.
“Is this better?” Her lips stretched up and out in an almost wolf-like smile. The corners of her lips stretched back and up just short of her ears.
The old lady had her back to her as she flipped the bacon over and missed what happened next.

Thomas came in to the kitchen, wearing his tattered red and black plaid robe, and stood behind Betty leering at the back of her head. The old man was disgusted that he squandered an opportunity to play with his new friend last night and planned on making up for lost time. He placed his hands on the girl’s shoulders and bent down to smell her hair. It’s the color of golden honey, he thought, sniffing deeply while gently squeezing her shoulders.
Betty quickly swiveled and tilted up her head without moving her neck or torso. Her hyper-extended smile remained on her face as she looked up at the old man.
“Gak,” was the only sound Thomas managed to make as he quickly backed across the kitchen and into the hallway. His face lost its color and his eyes were open wide as he tried to speak. But the girl’s extremely disturbing face and neck swiveling robbed him of the ability to think or speak.
“Did you say something, sweetie?” Sally asked, as she transferred the bacon onto a plate.
Betty turned back around and returned her facial expression to its usual form. “No ma’am. I think it was your husband.”
“About time that old sack of bones got out of bed. It’s nearly six in the morning. How that man can sleep so much is beyond me.”

Thomas made it back to the bedroom and locked the door. He trembled uncontrollably as he tried to understand what was happening. I must be dreaming. That’s got to be it. I’m still asleep. No one can move their head like that, and no one’s face could look like that. I’m dreaming.
The old man climbed back into bed and pulled up the blankets over his body as he closed his eyes.
Tom Sawyer, the cat, watched him from where it sat on top of the dresser. It saw the man shivering in the bed, looked back at the locked door, and resumed licking its fur.

Sally set the plate of bacon on the table and went back to the stove. Cracking eggs and pouring the contents into the sizzling skillet she hummed tunelessly but with great happiness.
Betty looked at the bacon intently for a few seconds then lifted a small piece. As she opened her mouth a small roach climbed out and quickly climbed into her shirt. The girl bit down on the bacon and set the remaining piece on the plate.
“Anyhoo, tell me Miss Betty, where do you hail from? You sound almost foreign. Like maybe, I dunno…“ Sally paused as she flipped the eggs over. “I can’t rightly guess. Are you going to tell me? Or do I have to wallop you with my skillet?” She asked, giggling.
“Please do not… wallop me. I will tell you, once you sit down next to me. It is complicated,” Betty said, as bits of bacon fell out her mouth onto her shirt.
“Child, I was just teasing with you. I’d never hurt you.” She brought over the plate of eggs and placed it next to the bacon. Sitting across from the girl she sipped from her coffee cup and looked excited.
Betty stared at the old lady and her eyes started to glow softly.
“Do not be afraid of me. Eat your food before it gets cold. Just listen to my voice and look into my eyes. Do you know a boy named Jake Carver?” The girl asked, as her eyes rapidly flashed brilliant white and blue lights.
“Oh, yes. He lives with his father, just down the road a ways.”
“Thank you. Now, eat your breakfast and listen carefully to everything I say.”
“Yes, Miss Betty,” the old woman said, as she sat and ate her breakfast.

*****

A very bored national guardsman smoked a cigarette and leaned against the wall of Finches restaurant in Pinson, wondering when he’d get to go home. They call my division up and order us to secure the perimeter. Okay, easy peasy nice and easy. We ran the cabling for the watch posts, helped hook up the cameras and other equipment all around the blast site. And now how do we fill our days and nights? Wander around, keeping the press and any other lookie-loos out.  But when do I get to go home? He finished his cigarette and tossed the butt into the parking lot without looking.
“Morning, Private,” Colonel Brad Wilcox said, as he walked across the pavement. He was wearing a freshly laundered uniform and walked stiffly.
The private stood at attention and said, “Morning, sir.”
“What's your name soldier?”
“Private first class Dwight Sandberg. Sir.”
“Who's your commanding officer and what group are you with?”
“Captain Jessica Wyzoski, north east perimeter patrol.”
“Smoking is a nasty habit,” the colonel observed, looking at the discarded cigarette at his feet.
“Sir, yes sir,” Sandberg said, with a slight tremble in his voice.
The colonel shook his head as he looked at the young soldier before him.
“Know what makes me sicker than a smoker, Sandberg?”
“No sir.”
“I served four tours in Iraq. I've seen the torn bloody remnants of young children blown all to shit by some sick bastard with a backpack full of C-4. One time I had to hold in the intestines of an unlucky soldier who's Hummer hit an improvised explosive device. On more than one occasion I had to release terrorists I caught in the act of planting bombs. But son, even after all that, nothing makes me sicker than a damn litter bug.
I realize there is a worldwide shortage of ash trays, Sandberg, but if I ever spot you littering again by God son you'll be so sorry that you'd be happier to have your balls sliced off and fed to a stray dog than experience what I will do to you,” the colonel said, stepping closer to the now heavily sweating wide eyed soldier. “Do you understand what I'm trying to say, son?”
“Sir. Yes sir.”
“Well then, that's fine. Would you be a good soldier and take care of your mistake then?”
“Sir. Yes sir,” the private said, running over and picking up his cigarette butt.
“While you’re doing that you might as well police the rest of the parking lot. I should be done inside in about fifteen minutes. When I come back out it would benefit you greatly to have it spotless. Do you understand me?”
“Sir. Yes sir,” the private said, running to the dumpster behind the building where he’d seen a broom and dustpan earlier.

The colonel opened the door to the restaurant and marched inside. He didn’t bother looking at the few soldiers and researchers who were eating an early breakfast. Instead, he looked at the guard standing outside the office door and presented his ID card.
The guard nodded and knocked on the door.
“Come in,” Amalia Armstrong’s tired sounding voice called from behind the door.
Colonel Wilcox marched in, slammed the door shut behind him and stared at her. He didn’t speak nor move. He just stood and stared.
“Good morning, colonel. You seem perturbed,” she said, sitting behind her desk and looking at a stack of paper. “Please, have a seat and relax.”
“Relax?” He said the word as if its meaning was beyond his comprehension. “Relax is all your people seem to be doing.”
He walked over to the surveillance monitors and punched a button labeled 'analysis trailer'. On the large flat screen monitor an image of Dr. Anniston and Alice appeared. The old man seemed to be doodling on a yellow note pad while the lady played solitaire on her computer screen. The colonel tensed as he stared at the image. “Can you explain why this old fart is here? And more importantly why he's heading up the on-site deciphering program? For God’s sake, he’s got to be a hundred years old. And whoever that lady is, I want her out of here right now.”
Amalia sighed heavily and shook her head before speaking. “Brad, if you’ll look more closely you can see a program is working on the station next to hers. You should try it sometime.  Solitaire that is, it helps the mind focus on problem solving and concentration. I read a fascinating study in a science journal a few months ago about-”
“Call me, colonel, God damn it! And shut up about some stupid game. I need answers and you haven’t given me any. You said you were bringing in the world’s most respected cryptologist and all I see is a man who looks ready for the crypt.” he smiled bitterly, happily surprised with his spur of the moment turn of phrase.
“Colonel,” she said, trying not to smile. “Professor James Anniston may be an old fart to you, but to the deciphering community he is as near to god-like as any man who ever lived. I won’t go over his resume and try to convince you of that. If you want to learn something you could do an internet search on his name. However, he has Admiral Branson’s complete confidence. Hell, it was Branson that begged him to come out here and offer his help and that's more than sufficient for me.
As for the young lady you’d like to leave. Her name is Dr. Alice Weinstein. She heads up the MIT advanced encryption analysis program and we we’re lucky enough to persuade her to assist Professor Anniston, at the old man's request. Besides, they do not answer to you. They answer to me. When something develops I will keep you informed.”

Throughout her speech he’d kept his back to her and stared at the monitor in silence. “Alright, I’ll take your word on the old fart and the computer nerd, for now,” he said, turning and walking to her desk. “I read your report about your agents tracking down a lead west of here. It had some redneck kind of name, Ragville or something.
What kind of lead is it? Do they require additional manpower or resources?”
“You should read my reports more thoroughly. It is a preliminary investigation based on an eyewitness account of something that seemed peculiar. But before you order a squad of commandos to invade Ragland Alabama please bear in mind we’ve had other reports in half a dozen other locations since the blast,” she said, clearly annoyed.
“Your report didn’t specify what exactly was so peculiar. Was it an unidentified flying object, by any chance?”
“A day and a half ago, a farmer in Ragland called the police because he saw something odd.  If that tabloid the Weekly World News was still around I’m sure they would have done a story on it too.” She looked up at the colonel and saw his patience was growing thin and then quickly continued. “He shot a crow with a gun.”
“And?” Wilcox asked suspiciously.
“His son, who saw what happened next, told his dad who told the police he blew off the bird’s wing. Sparks and some smoke came out of the bird’s body as it fell into a pond,” Amalia said, looking up defiantly.
Colonel Wilcox turned and walked over to a large window and saw the private he’d berated earlier busily sweeping the parking lot. He stood motionless with his hands clasped behind his back for several seconds.
Beyond the colonel's shoulder, Amalia saw the sun rising over some tree covered hills. Glancing back at the monitor, she saw the woman playing solitaire complete her game. The cards were bouncing off of her computer screen as she heard a quiet choking noise coming from Wilcox. “Brad, are you okay?” she asked, standing up behind her desk.
His shoulders trembled slightly as the choking sound grew louder.
She hurried across the temporary office and knocked her leg against a trashcan with a paper shredder attached to the top. It fell and a small tidal wave of white confetti spilled across the floor as she moved quickly beside him.
His face was bright red and his shoulders shook harder as he finally surrendered to the forces he was so desperately trying to contain. He turned and sat down hard on a plastic bench seat and roared in laughter. Tears streamed down his face as he coughed and laughed uncontrollably.
Shaking her head, she turned and picked up the trashcan and paper shredder.
Amalia then sat back at her desk and sipped some cold coffee. I told him it was probably nothing, she thought, turning back to her laptop.

After a while, the colonel grabbed some napkins from a dispenser on a table and wiped his eyes and face. He stood up chuckling, picked up his briefcase and managed to put on a serious expression when he was able to again speak. “Thank you for the update. I needed to hear something like that. And don’t worry Amalia; I’ll be sure to have our troops keep an eye out for any robotic birds.” Walking to the door, he broke out into giggles again and had to take a few seconds to compose himself before leaving.
When he left she raised her middle finger at the door. “Dumb fucker,” she muttered, before returning to work.

*****

The sun was shining through the trees as Jake and Frodo arrived at the football field. The parking lot was empty, except for a rusty old gray van parked near the trees. Jake ran across the lot and swore softly when he got to the fence. The gate was still padlocked securely shut. Frodo stopped to lick some aluminum foil that had held a cheeseburger the night before but now had only dried crudules of cheese stuck on it.
Jake called to the dog and trotted toward the far end of the parking lot. He checked his cell phone for the time and sighed. Where’s Andy? He wondered, climbing down into the drainage ditch that ran under a section of the fence. He tells me to get here early and clean up the stands and he’ll pay me twenty bucks, but does he show up to open the gate? Hell no. He’s probably drunk or asleep at home.
He peered through the large concrete culvert that went from the ditch, under the fence, and into the football field. It didn’t smell bad but it was dark and a small stream of water trickled out.  Far off, in the center of the darkness he saw a gray circle of light and considered waiting to see if Andy, the school’s custodian, would show up. Jake knew that some kids used the culvert to avoid paying admission to football games. They said it was no big deal.
“Come on Frodo. Let’s get moving,” he said, stooping over and walking slowly into the darkness. The dog watched the boy go in and looked back at a girl standing on the far side of the parking lot near the rusty van. He barked twice at her before following Jake.

The culvert echoed hollowly as he duck walked through it. He held his cell phone in front of him as he went. The light was feeble but better than nothing. Frodo trotted ahead into the murkiness. Halfway through the tunnel something caught the dog’s attention. It barked and ran forward. The loud echoing barks made Jake’s head hurt. He tried yelling for the dog to shut up but his shouts were lost in the rapid fire frenzy of barking. Feeling momentarily dizzy, Jake leaned against the cool curved concrete tube and watched his dog run out the far end of the culvert.
Outside, Frodo chased the rat across the football field and kept barking as he ran. The dog’s attention was focused only on the rat and it missed the girl standing outside the fence that surrounded the field.
Betty looked up at the six foot high chain link fence and then at the running dog. She backed up a few feet, squatted low and jumped into the air and cleared the fence. The girl landed and walked toward the culvert opening on the far side of the field.
While walking, she looked up the hill toward the back of the high school. There was a broken window with a large trash bag sitting just beneath it. Almost at the culvert opening, she saw someone inside the school lowering another plastic bag to the ground. At the opening of the drain, she stopped and looked back at the broken window and then at the three large plastic bags in the dew covered weeds beside the culvert.

Jake managed to trip over something within just a few feet of the exit and fell into the ankle deep water. He swore as the cell phone flew from his fingertips and rattled against the concrete. “Shit!” If it’s broken dad’s gonna tan my hide, he thought, getting back on his feet.
“Are you okay?” A girl’s voice asked from outside.
Getting back up, he duck walked the last few feet to the end of the drain and saw the girl from yesterday looking at him. “I’m just super, thanks for asking.”
He picked up the phone and stood up outside the culvert. Jake recognized her but the clothes were definitely different. She was wearing blue jeans and an old red short-sleeve shirt with white lettering that read Ragland, Home of the Fighting Possums.
“You are Jake Carver?” She asked walking toward him slowly.
“Yeah, I’m Jake. What are you…“he started to say, but was interrupted as Frodo jumped between them, faced the girl and growled fiercely.
Ever since he was a puppy, Frodo had never acted like that and Jake was stunned by the dog’s reaction. His fur was bushed up and his tail was stiffly pointed back at the boy. The girl didn’t seem to notice the dog as Jake reached forward and grabbed hold tightly to Frodo’s collar. “Don’t worry about my dog, he won’t bite. He’s usually pretty friendly. Frodo, you dope, quit that and calm down. You’re going to scare her,” Jake said, holding his collar with one hand and stroking the dog’s head with the other.
“I am not scared,” she said, walking toward the three trash bags. “I need to talk with you about something very important.”
Great, she’s a football groupie. Well, at least she’s not ugly. Sorta cute actually, he thought climbing up out of the ditch.
“Listen, I’d like to talk but I made a deal to get the football field cleaned up for the track meet this afternoon. Maybe later we could get together and chat.”

“Ah, young love. It’s a beautiful thing, ain't it Kenny?” A deep voice interrupted.
Two young men walked from behind a small concrete building that housed the restrooms. One of them was carrying a couple of large plastic trash bags.
Jake, Frodo, and Betty all turned to look at them.
Shit. It’s Orlando and one of his buddies, Jake realized and unconsciously moved forward to stand protectively in front of the girl.

Orlando Duprat was expelled from school a few weeks earlier after being caught with drugs and beating up the teacher who discovered them. He was almost eighteen years old and had no job, unless a growing variety of felonies counted as a career. In that case, he’d been employed part time for almost ten years.
Usually he would break into houses and steal whatever he thought was worth the trouble. His mother had abandoned both him and his father when he was just a little over a year old. Growing up, Orlando's dad had misused him in ways so horrible that no one in town wondered why he turned out pure mean.
His biggest claim to infamy was when he stole Ragland's chief of police’s car five years earlier. Orlando hadn’t known the trunk held a large seizure of marijuana when he took it, but after finding it he lived the good life in Atlanta Georgia for two months. When investigators finally tracked him down, he only had a few hundred dollars left out of an estimated $140,000 dollars worth of pot. Law enforcement officials considered him to be more of a redneck punk than a criminal genius.
After the marijuana escapade, he was sentenced to a juvenile rehabilitation program which released him at the end of the summer so he could return to school. During his time of incarceration he studied hard and learned everything he could about how to steal more proficiently. As a bonus, the facility had a new weight and exercise facility that lawmakers idiotically thought might help bad boys to build up their muscles and a sense of pride in themselves. Orlando's dirty black short sleeved shirt bulged out showing off his jailhouse created tattoo covered biceps and Jake felt nearly helpless as the man walked over with a wicked smile on his face.

“Okay Romeo, pick up those bags on the ground behind you. Haul them out for me and forget you saw us and everyone will live happily ever after,” Orlando said, holding a crowbar in one hand and a bulging plastic trash bag in the other.
“What's in the bags?” Jake asked as Frodo growled at the two men.
“Some laptop computers we found. Now quit stalling and pick them up,” Orlando said, stepping closer.
Jake wasn't small, in fact he was one of the biggest and quickest kids on the football team, but Orlando had age, size and years spent weight lifting at a correctional facility on his side.

Frodo barked loudly, sensing something was wrong. The nearest house was about half a mile away and Jake hoped someone might see what was going on and call the cops.
“Are you stealing these computers?” Betty asked, stepping up beside Jake. “That would be a felony and if we assist you it would make us accessories.”
“Shut that damn dog and that little bitch up, or I'll fuck you all up,” Orlando said, swinging the crowbar menacingly.
Frodo ignored Jake, who was trying to shush him. If anything, he barked louder and strained against his collar.
Orlando moved fast and swung the crowbar down hard. It hit the dog in the middle of its head with a sickening crackling of bones.
Frodo collapsed to the ground and was silent. A streak of blood on his fur marked where he'd been hit.
“No!” Jake yelled and fell to his knees beside the dog.
“Shut up, Romeo. Get up and carry the bag or your girlfriend gets it next and then you,” Orlando hissed as he slapped the crowbar repeatedly against his calloused palm.
Jake looked up with hate filled eyes, fighting back tears and stood up shakily. He looked at the girl and back at Orlando before turning and picking up the trash bags in silence.
“Romeo, you go first through the culvert. I'll be right behind you, with my crowbar, so don't do anything dumb. Juliet, you follow me, and Kenny, you bring up the rear. When we're all on the far side you two kids can go play doctor. Now move it,” Orlando said, gesturing to the dark culvert.
Jake looked back at his dog and hoped he wasn't dead before bending over and duck walking back into the dark culvert with Orlando right behind him. Kenny shoved Betty toward the opening. The girl was so short she didn't need to duck her head and followed the others as Kenny pushed her from behind.
”You got a nice little ass, Juliet. You should ditch Romeo and we could have a lot of fun together,” Kenny whispered, as he carried two more bags.
The girl walked slowly forward in silence.


CHAPTER FIVE: True Grits

A metallic gray SUV with dark tinted windows pulled into a parking space at Ragland Alabama's finest restaurant: Billy Bob's Po Boy Eatery. Most of the other cars and trucks were much older than the SUV and it didn't look like it belonged.
Two old men, one wearing a cap with the words War Eagle on it, the other with one that had the words Roll Tide, walked to a rusty truck parked next to the gray car.
“I still say yer slap full of shit. I was there last night too. The Possums kicked ass. If that Carver boy doesn't get recruited to the University of Alabama, I'll kiss your saggy ass.” The first old man said, before spitting a gob of tobacco juice into the shrubs.
“I'll be sure not to wipe,” the other man said, with a grin. “You gonna be at the car lot later? They got free hot dogs today.”
“Nope. I wouldn't trust Sonny James with my lunch. That turd is a thief.
Besides, the track meet's this afternoon. Gonna go see my nephew win a few races. That boy runs like greased lightning,” the old man said, climbing into his truck. “You wanna lift somewhere?”
“Nah, gonna putter round town for a bit. I gotta work up an appetite for some free hotdogs before noon.”
The truck rumbled to life as the old man laughed out the open window. “I wouldn't eat them dogs if I was you. Twenty bucks says if you do yer gonna be either throwing up or stuck on the toilet with a bad case of the squirts for the whole weekend.”
Laughing, he waved as his buddy drove out of the parking lot. When he turned toward the park on the other side of the street, two people got out of the SUV. The old man stopped to watch the woman getting out and smiled. She looked exotic and out of place in his rural hometown.
Her long brown hair was brushed straight and looked beautiful.
He admired her rear out of his peripheral vision.
She stood nearly six and a half feet tall and looked extremely fit as she turned and walked toward the restaurant. As if mesmerized by her, he continued to watch her until someone coughed softly behind him.
He turned and saw a big man wearing a suit and tie staring at him, standing near the rear of the SUV. The stranger was easily over six foot tall and his hair had a military style buzz cut look. His face was unreadable, partly because of the reflective sunglasses he was wearing, but the old man got the feeling his appreciation for the stranger’s friend wasn't approved of. He smiled weakly, adjusted his Alabama cap and headed for the park.

“You have admirers, Mendez. If we have to stay in this redneck metropolis very long you may find yourself barefoot and pregnant,” the tall man said, as he joined the lady at a table. He looked disgustedly at a plastic wrapped menu covered in small patches of dried coffee and eggs.
“Jealous?” She asked with a slight smile. “But really, listen Simon; we already stick out like a couple of two headed rabbits around here. Quit giving everyone we meet the stink eye. I saw you glaring at that guy in the parking lot. I thought we agreed to play it subtle while we check things out.”
“Trust me, I'm not jealous. I was a Marine before I became an agent. Besides, this is as subtle as I get,” Simon said, and looked over the menu. “What's a grit?” He asked, seriously.

“Hello, welcome to Billy Bob’s Po Boy Eatery. I'm Amy Lynn and I'll be taking care of you this morning. What can I get for you?” A young waitress asked, with a bright smile that was made all the more sparkling by the set of braces on her teeth.
“We need two large cups of coffee,” Simon said, slipping off his sunglasses. “And can you tell me what a grit is?”
The waitress giggled as the woman at the table looked out the window and shook her head. “I'll be right back with your coffee. You're funny,” the waitress said and playfully patted his arm before walking quickly away.
“Simon cut it out. Just order me the number three breakfast combo. I'll be right back,” his partner whispered, standing up and turning away.
“Where are you going?” He asked and grabbed a hold of her wrist.
She whirled around and seized his thumb with her other hand and twisted it back savagely.
His eyes went round as she continued to hold him.
Her eyes were squinting, but she smiled brightly and whispered quickly and quietly, “You grab me again and I'll snap your thumb off like a chicken bone.”
He let go of her wrist, but she continued to twist back his thumb. “I'm going to the little ladies room. If your don't mind,” she whispered and gave his thumb just a little more pressure before releasing him and leaving. “Be right back,” she said in a normal almost cheerful tone of voice.
The smiling teenage waitress set two steaming cups of coffee on the table and gave him a flirtatious wink as he rubbed his thumb. “You ready to order?”

*****

The water flowing thru the concrete culvert was only a few inches deep and Betty had no problems following behind Jake and Orlando, who were having more difficulties. Jake splashed through the water as he struggled not to hit his head or drop the heavy plastic bags he was forced to carry. Orlando, being a foot and a half taller, was stooped over significantly more and kept pushing Jake with his crowbar while grumbling for him to hurry up.
Though she could have easily kept up with them, Betty slowed down to match the speed of the boy behind her as he struggled to carry his bags.
Kenny was fat and not generally in very good physical condition. He had dropped out of school a month earlier and had actually been the one to suggest stealing the high school's computers to his drinking buddy, Orlando. He'd never liked school anyway. There was just too much crap to deal with. Bitchy teachers always gave him bad grades. Stuck up girls looked at his noticeable belly and acne covered face as if he were the result of a mad scientist's experiment gone bad.
Orlando was the only one who made him feel like he was worth anything and he promised to split the take after they sold the computers.
But as he panted harder his mind wasn't on money, it was only thinking about the girl with the cute butt just in front of him.
He had swapped hands holding the heavy trash bags several times while trudging along in the near darkness. It would have been easier to use both hands, but he couldn't resist grabbing several quick handfuls of the girl's butt in front of him. For Kenny, the best part was that she really didn't seem to mind. Usually, girls would slap or at least yell at him when he grabbed them but the girl didn't say anything and he suspected she actually liked it.
Why else would she be walking so slow? He looked over her shoulder and saw Orlando and Jake's silhouettes were nearly at the far end of the drain and yet she walked still slower as he pawed roughly at her butt. I really think she likes me, he thought, leaning closer to sniff her hair.
“Hey, sweet cheeks. When we get out of here, you wanna go with me and have some fun?” He whispered in her ear.
Betty stopped walking, turned around, and reached up to his sweaty face.
Is she going to kiss me? Oh God. I've never even come close to kissing a girl who wasn't drunk or passed out before, he thought excitedly, as her fingertips touched his forehead lightly. He felt a brief delightful stirring of an erection, before a bright flash of purplish red energy shot from her fingers. He collapsed in the water like a marionette with its strings cut.

“Hey Romeo, you wouldn't mind if me and my pal take Juliet for a ride would ya?” Orlando asked and chuckled, while prodding Jake repeatedly with the tip of his crowbar.
Jake didn't answer. He saw the weeds lining the ditch just a few yards away and was trying to think. His emotions were making it difficult. The bastard killed my dog. If that damn girl wasn't around I could probably take them both on. Of course, he might kill us both anyway since we could tell the cops what happened. Shit.
When they reached the lip of the culvert, Jake still had no idea what to do. He felt the crowbar poking the middle of his neck as Orlando stood behind him.
“Don't do anything stupid. Just get out and don't try anything heroic or I will mess you up so bad your momma wouldn't recognize what was left. I was just kidding about yer little girlfriend. Do what I say and you two can go play with each other. Just get out and don't turn around until I tell you to.”
Jake stepped into the ditch, looking up at the early morning sun and the blue sky peppered with wispy white clouds. Is this how I'm going to die, bashed in the head by a dumb ass thief? He wondered, while listening to Orlando behind him stomping through the ditch water.
“Okay buddy, slowly set the bags on the grass and when your girlfriend gets here you two can go.”
He's lying. He's going to bash me in the head, Jake realized, as he trembled while setting the bags in the grass. I'm so screwed.

*****

Professor Anniston turned off the bathroom faucets and dried his hands on a paper towel. He meant to briefly check and make sure his hair was relatively in order, but found himself staring at his reflection instead.
An old man gazed back with a sagging wrinkled face. He saw the loose skin on his face and was reminded of the way a basset hounds face looked.
How did I become an old man? When did it happen? I don't feel ancient, yet I appear to be more wrinkles and wispy gray hair than man, he thought, peering at the only part of himself in the mirror that still seemed youthful; his eyes. They twinkled with a vitality absent from the rest of his body. With them, he'd witnessed things few people would believe possible.

During the war, he spent most of his time confined in seclusion deep underground in London. His days, months, and eventually years, consisted of reviewing and working to decipher tens of thousands of enemy messages. The recovery of an Enigma machine retrieved a year earlier made much of his work easier, but many other Nazi codes existed using more traditional encryption.
He was considered the best at making sense of the jumbled symbols and was highly prized by British Intelligence.
Once deciphered, the majority of messages turned out to be pointless or items allied spies had already discovered. But a precious few were invaluable to military intelligence and undoubtedly saved several thousands of lives throughout the war.
There was only one communiqué he remembered nearly every day. It was a transcribed radio message, supposedly from a member of Adolph Hitler's elite advanced atomic energy science group to the Fuehrer himself. The prevailing opinion held by Anniston's fellow code breakers was that it was either a joke or intentionally designed to spread disinformation and confusion. It was not uncommon for the Germans to send false information throughout the war. But never before had he deciphered something so imaginative and uncharacteristically bizarre. The code was not a particularly hard one to break and he wondered if the sender was trained in espionage. If not, whoever was reporting may not have realized the code being used was extremely weak.
The intercepted message was by no means complete, but what was deciphered was supported by some other sources of information; Enough for Anniston to feel it had actually happened.
Aliens had stopped the Nazis from obliterating not only London, but perhaps several major cities along the eastern shore of the United States.

It was January 1945. The war was over, yet Hitler could not accept this undeniable fact. His country's atomic weapons program was well known to military intelligence, but by that stage of the war it was thought to be out of commission as a result of various daring and extremely dangerous operations.
The transcript of the message, however, changed some opinions on the matter. Extremely sophisticated rockets, up to five times the size of the most advanced seen to date, were reported ready to be launched against London, New York, and Washington DC, among other targets. Each missile was tipped with an atomic device of unknown power.
The speaker, from the communiqué, was trying to explain how a catastrophic failure and subsequent annihilation of the launch facilities was not his fault. Most of the message was merely a long drawn out pleading for another chance and not to be executed. It was the description of the alien presence that most captivated a young James Anniston. Translated from German, The Strafe Speers, Spears of Retribution were Hitler's ultimate secret weapon. They were ready for launch.
As the countdown reached approximately thirty seconds a floating vehicle, described as between fifty and sixty meters in diameter, descended from the clouds and hovered over the rockets. It was difficult to determine its color and had no recognizable insignia. It seemed to change colors from a dull silver to almost translucency and then back.
Soldiers, guarding the launch facility, were ordered to fire on the strange vehicle as the countdown continued.
The scientist in charge, referred to only as Erich, was asked if he wanted to abort the launch.
After determining the rockets trajectories would not hit the strange vehicle, he ordered the countdown to continue. When the count reached zero the engines roared to life as soldiers continued to fire at the strange vehicle.
There was no reason for the Strafe Speers not to take flight, yet not a one of them moved an inch from the gantries. It was as if they had been cemented to the Earth.
Erich ordered the engineers to abort the launch, but for some unknown reason they couldn't shut down the engines.
After approximately fifty seconds, the second stage booster rockets engaged but with the rockets still being on the ground the resultant explosions obliterated the launch facility.
Had the engineers and scientists not been at a reinforced observation bunker a few miles away there would have been no survivors whatsoever. The fireballs were titanic and the inferno raged unchecked for two days before...
Before what Dr. Anniston never would know. The intercepted message was incomplete.

The old man looking at the young man's eyes in the mirror was brought back from his thoughts as something attracted his attention near the ceiling of the small bathroom. He saw a roach scurrying into a crack and shook his head slightly. Leave it to the government to provide us with insect infested accommodations. I must remember to shake out my jacket before I head back to my RV and get some sleep. Trevor would be quite rightly upset if I brought home some little friends, he thought, while stifling a yawn with difficulty.
He looked back at the mirror again saw his basset hound like face and smiled. Leaning closer, for a moment, he growled softly at the old dog staring back before returning to work.
Walking down the small hallway he heard voices and smelled something delicious.
His 'butler', as some people thought of him, stood near Alice holding a large tray of covered items. Trevor had served Dr. Anniston for the last twenty years and had become more friend than servant in that time. His history was filled with a variety of unsavory careers, but his personality and loyalty made up for all of them in the old man's opinion.

When Trevor was in his mid forties he was paroled from prison and had great difficulty finding a job. He had nearly given up when he saw an advert for manservant. What intrigued him most were the words No Experience Required.
Dr. Anniston had received his rather skimpy resume and yet been most eager to speak with him.
The interview had been unlike any other he'd had. Rather than telling him to meet in an office wearing a stuffy suit he'd asked Trevor to wear his everyday clothes and meet him at the Royal Museum of English History in London.
At a snack bar in the lobby they had a cup of tea and biscuits. After a bit, the men wandered the galleries and exhibition halls for hours discussing almost everything; except the job being offered.
Trevor told some of his experiences serving in Her Majesties Armed Forces as the old man nodded and asked questions.
As the museum's public address system announced they would be closing soon, Dr. Anniston asked if he could cook. It was a subject that had not been discussed in all their hours of conversation. Trevor had felt his chances of getting the job dimming as he answered truthfully that he couldn't. The older man had smiled and admitted he himself could do little more than burn water. He offered Trevor the position contingent upon his taking a series of culinary courses. After explaining he couldn't afford such classes, Anniston had said he would cover the costs.
Now, twenty years later, Trevor stood holding a large tray patiently awaiting his employer and friend.

“I brought an early brunch, sir. I hope you don't mind my taking the liberty of preparing enough for your young lady friend,” Trevor said.
“I tried to explain already, I'm not hungry,” Alice objected, turning toward the old man as he walked to an empty table and sat down.
“Young lady. I've been keeping tabs on your eating habits. You've had five cups of coffee and half of a sausage biscuit you got from that nasty excuse a restaurant on the other side of the parking lot. If you don't come and join me I shall be grievously insulted, as shall Trevor. Is that not so?” Dr. Anniston asked, in a serious tone of voice.
“Indeed yes. I fear that if you decline I shall be driven to endless torrents of tears and self loathing,” Trevor said sadly while placing the large wooden tray on the table.
“Well, I certainly don't want that. I will accept your kind invitation,” she said, smiling and crossing to the table. “You'll be joining us won't you? Mister?”
“You may call me Trevor, madam. As to joining you, I'm afraid I have dishes to attend to.”
“If you'll pardon my vulgarity, Alice. That's a load of bullshit,” Dr. Anniston said, looking up at his friend. “I see you brought three place settings. Have a seat.”
“If you insist, I will, but only after I serve,” Trevor said, removing lids off of the tray.
Alice's eyes went round as she saw a selection of expertly prepared entrees that would be at home in any of the high end restaurants she rarely could afford to visit in New York City. There were crepes, Eggs Benedict with Hollandaise sauce, bunches of glistening grapes, orange slices, freshly made light flaky biscuits, a small platter of crisp bacon, and omelets of various types as well.
“You did remember the champagne and orange juice?” Dr. Anniston asked, as he eyed the tray full of delicious smelling items.
“Sir, you wound me deeply. Though we may be roughing it here in rural Alabama, civilized tradition must be respected,” Trevor said, placing crystal glasses on the table and retrieving a chilled bottle from a wicker basket on the floor.

Colonel Wilcox tore his eyes away from the monitor displaying Dr. Anniston and his guests eating a delicious feast and grunted. He looked back at his disorganized desk and glared at the sausage biscuit he'd brought back from Finches.
It was intact, save for a small bite he'd taken before spitting it on the floor. The biscuit was undercooked and tasted like mushy dough. The sausage had been incinerated to a nearly brick- like consistency. He grabbed the rest of his uneaten breakfast and threw it at a private who was using his cell phone to text someone.
“Hey! Who the fu-” the young soldier started to say before looking up. “Uh, never mind,” he said, wiping biscuit remnants off of his uniform and hurriedly leaving the room. He'd seen the colonel mad before and knew the best place to be was somewhere else. Preferably in a fire fight in the untamed mountains of Afghanistan, for example.
Wilcox sipped at his cup of bitter tasting coffee and forced himself to look back at the piles of reports he'd been going over. The preliminary results from the team of California physicists were extremely detailed. There were a dozen different charts and graphs. The spectrograph chemical and elemental analysis was the only item that was somewhat understandable. It was the presence of two unexplained mystery elements that were giving him a pounding headache.
He tried calling the number for the head of the analysis team again, and again got his voice mail. Slamming the phone down he lowered his head into his shaking hands and felt nauseated. Closing his eyes, he tried to calm down. His sinuses felt clogged as he sniffled and realized his allergies were acting up.
The phone rang. He looked at it briefly, considered ignoring it- maybe taking a walk to go find some medicine for his swollen sinuses. On the fifth ring he answered. “Pinson operations. Colonel Wilcox speaking.” He listened for several seconds and sat up straight.

A few feet away, standing in the hallway, the private who had been assaulted by an undercooked biscuit and rock hard sausage patty was finishing his text message. He heard the colonel talking to someone on the phone and from the strained tone of his voice decided taking a long walk might be a good idea.
As he opened the door to the parking lot, he heard the phone being slammed down followed by a long stream of loud profanities. While walking quickly toward Finches, he heard the sounds of furniture being thrown against the operations trailer's walls.

Wilcox was furious.
He was being relieved at noon. The official reason given was a more experienced officer in terrorist matters was being assigned by Admiral Branson to take over. His replacement was bringing General Heller, his immediate superior, his transfer papers and would expect a full report on any progress regarding the origins of the blast by noon.
Progress? Fucking, shit licking, cocksuckers! He thought, storming out of the operations trailer.
Marching quickly across the parking lot he noted the litter being blown by the late October breeze and felt like screaming. That old fucker better have something for me or by God I'll... His train of thought derailed and exploded as he heard big band swing music playing somewhere inside the trailer. His hands trembled in barely checked fury as he marched up the steps and savagely yanked on the doorknob.

*****

A hawk or perhaps an eagle was circling over the trees on the other side of the school's parking lot. Jake wasn't sure what is was but focused only on it as he stood motionless in the ditch. Dirty water flowed sluggishly around his feet, and he heard the man behind him with the crowbar breathing heavily.
I could run. Hell, I don't even know who that girl is. She might even be with Orlando. I should run, Jake thought, feeling his legs trembling in anticipation. It was as if his body had already decided to take off while his brain continued to think about it.
The man behind him yelled for his buddy to hurry up.
Jake heard the echoing yell and realized Orlando had turned back toward the culvert. His echoes were still bouncing back as he made his move.
Jake moved swiftly and surprised himself when he turned and kicked Orlando as hard as he could in his ass.

The big man stumbled off balance and nearly fell into the water before grabbing onto the top of the concrete culvert and accidentally dropped the crowbar. There was a metallic clang and a splash when it fell into the water. Little snot kicked my ass. Oh, he's going to pay for that, Orlando thought, pulling his hunting knife out of its sheath on his belt and turning back to the boy.
Jake picked up a heavy wet rock from the ditch and held it ready to throw as they faced each other.
Clutching the eight inch long glittering knife, he sneered at the kid. Orlando Duprat had never achieved anything higher than a D in English literature so his unfamiliarity with Shakespearean tragedies might explain the idiocy of his next statement. “Romeo you done fucked up. This time there won't be a happy ending for you and Juliet.”
“You killed my dog!” Jake screamed, feeling his stomach churning.

Frodo was just a puppy when his dad brought him home. They'd spent every day together over the last five years. He was his best friend and now he was dead. Jake's eyes stung as tears threatened to flow.
Orlando realized the kid was potentially dangerous and decided to play an old but sometimes effective trick. He turned to look past Jake, toward the road leading into the parking lot, and opened his eyes wide in surprise. Yelling, he lowered the knife a bit and turned slightly away from his nemesis. “Kenny, hurry up! There's a cop car pulling in!”
Jake realized it was a trick a split second after he turned to look for the police.
In a single swift movement the knife arced up and into the boy's stomach. Dropping the heavy rock, he fell back into the ditch feeling an immediate intense burning pain. So, this is death, he thought, before striking his head against a chunk of irregularly shaped concrete and rolling into the water face down.

*****

The breakfast crowd at Billy Bob’s Po Boy Eatery had grown in size as agents Mendez and Hicks ate their food in an uncomfortable silence. Mendez didn't mind the silent treatment he'd been giving her since she almost broke his thumb. It was actually kind of nice. She bit her tongue to keep from laughing every time she caught a glimpse of the big man furtively massaging his sore digit while they ate.
He spent the meal staring out the window at the vehicles coming and going. The only time Hicks spoke during the whole breakfast is when he noticed a police car pull into the restaurant parking lot. “Oh joy. Here comes Deputy Dog,” he said it almost under his breath, but Mendez understood and looked up.

The county deputy yawned as he climbed out of the squad car. Standing a little over five feet tall and being very slender, he'd heard people call him Barney for years. Secretly, he found it sort of flattering to be compared to the beloved deputy from the Andy Griffith Show. But publicly he'd beaten up more than a few teenagers and men old enough to know better that made the mistake of calling him Barney to his face. Scratching his butt as he opened the restaurant door he yawned. He waved at a few people he knew before crossing to the counter. Settling on one of the stools, he gratefully accepted the mug of coffee a waitress brought him. The deputy looked over a menu he'd read nearly every morning for the last five years, hoping that may be today there would be something new. But there wasn't.

Amy Lynn smiled as she set the bill on the table near Hicks. “Hope everything was good. Do you need anything else?”
“We need two large coffees to go,” Hicks answered without looking at her.
“No problem. I'll be right back.”
“You're a real charmer,” Mendez said, and finished her glass of orange juice.
A noncommittal grunt was his only response.

There was a burst of static and then a voice came from the deputy's microphone clipped on his shoulder. “Andrew. come in- over.”
The deputy had a fork in his hand and a pair of greasy eggs with a side of bacon on the plate in front of him. With great reluctance and a look of regret, he sat down the fork and keyed his mike. “I'm here. Go ahead,” he said, and bit into a piece of bacon.
“Got another ghost sighting. You know who, has called three times in the last thirty minutes.” The dispatcher's voice said.
“Same place?” He asked, and sipped some coffee.
“10-4.”
He shook his head as several people within earshot smiled.

Hicks stared out the window as Mendez listened intently to the deputy's conversation.
After wiping his mouth with a napkin the deputy said, “When she calls back, tell her I'll be out that way in ten minutes.”
“Busy morning?” The dispatcher asked.
“Just tell her I'll be there in ten minutes. Over and out.” Shaking his head, the deputy replaced his microphone while sliding the fork under the eggs and shoveling them into his mouth at a leisurely pace.

Amy Lynn set two Styrofoam cups of steaming coffee on the table as Mendez looked thoughtfully at the deputy.
Hicks tossed a ten dollar bill on the table and stood up. “Keep the change,” he said, before looking at his partner. “Be back in a few minutes, Shannon.” He strolled toward the restroom as Mendez looked at the bill of $9.55.
The girl looked disgusted at what little tip there was before asking, “Is that guy your husband?”
Agent Mendez laughed before saying, “Bite your tongue, girl.” She pulled out a few dollars and handed them to the girl before continuing, “What was that about another ghost sighting?”
Amy Lynn giggled. “There's a crazy old lady who picks up cans on the side of the roads and she's been saying the woods near the high school are haunted. She's a nut, but harmless.
Well, I gotta get back to work. You have a nice day and don't forget to come back real soon.”

Agent Shannon Mendez looked in her small black leather notebook and thumbed through the pages. She checked the directions given on how to get to the farmer's place they came to talk to. After reading them silently she whispered them aloud softly, “Turn east off the highway at mile marker twenty seven. Go two miles past the Ragland high school. Look for a sign saying Craig's Pumpkin Patch.” She reread it again and the words 'past the high school' seemed to almost glow.
The deputy stood up and left some money on the counter.
Hicks was still in the bathroom.
Mendez decided to follow the deputy and told a waitress she'd be back for her associate in a while. Ooh, he's gonna be pissed, she thought smiling, and walked quickly to the SUV pulling out her set of keys.

*****

Alice felt dizzy and happy as Dr. Anniston waltzed her around between the computer workstations. She'd been smiling more in the last thirty minutes than all of last year. Her messy divorce, from a cheating husband with a penchant for Asian hookers, had hurt so much she thought she would never be able to smile again. As she held onto the much older man (she guessed at least thirty years older) moving in rhythm to the big band music, she giggled and grinned at him.
He smiled back and she closed her eyes. Her ex-husband never liked to dance.
Dr. Anniston swung the surprisingly graceful woman with hardly any effort. Alice said she'd never danced before, yet picked up the steps of the waltz within just a few minutes. On the stereo, Vera Lynn began to sing We'll Meet Again and the old man trembled as he remembered a young girl he danced with decades earlier. He had to forcefully constrain his hands from wandering when Alice rested her head against his chest. His eyes felt moist and for a second he thought they were playing tricks on him.
Guiding her closer to the bookcase, he saw a roach. It was unremarkable in shape and size. but as he watched it moving over the back lit stereo screen a feeling of wonder grew in the back of his mind. It's not possible. My tired eyes are playing tricks. A roach can't dance, he thought, as it continued to move in an intricate pattern in time with the song. Or maybe, it could be much more than a roach.

The door leading to the trailer's hallway was thrown open and it slammed against the bookcase. Several books, a framed photograph of his beloved deceased wife he always carried with him, and the stereo clattered noisily to the floor.
Alice shrieked in surprise as they both turned to see a red faced colonel march into the room.  The music was silenced, replaced by the labored breathing of the very much uninvited intruder.
“What the hell are you two doing!?” Wilcox bellowed.
“Please watch you language, colonel. If you are incapable of speaking in a civil tongue, I'm afraid I shall be forced to ask you to leave. By the way, in answer to your question, I was teaching Mrs. Weinstein how to waltz.
What's more, we were about to try the foxtrot until you quite rudely barged in,” Anniston said, and then added. “The foxtrot is a dance.” While speaking, he moved protectively to stand in front of Alice.
She'd been scared silent until he explained what a foxtrot was and then broke out in an uncontrollable fit of giggles.
Wilcox swiftly closed the distance to the much shorter old man and sneered down at him. “I know what a foxtrot is, you old fart. What I want to know is, how many of these messages have you deciphered, and that-” He poked the old man in the chest roughly, “is all I want to know.”
Anniston stumbled backward and had Alice not been there, he would have definitely fallen.
She held the old man until he shakily regained his balance.
She stepped around Anniston, reached up, and slapped the colonel's face. “Who do you think-” Alice managed to say before Wilcox grabbed her slender arm and threw her across the room. She slammed into and over a desk, knocking off several items including a multimillion dollar computer on loan from the Pentagon's research division.

Dr. Anniston felt overwhelmed and more than a little scared of this stranger who seemed to have gone quite unaccountably insane. He felt in his pants pocket for something he could use as a weapon. His trembling hand closed around a small spray metal can of mint flavored breath freshener.
“You'll be responsible for replacing that computer!” Wilcox screamed, grabbing the old man by his shuddering shoulders. “Do you have anything deciphered?! I need something and I need it now! Lives depend on it!” And my command, he silently thought.
“Leave him alone!” Alice yelled and stood up behind the desk she'd been knocked over. “Let go of him and get the Hell out of here, right now!”
Still holding the old man's left shoulder tight, he pulled his gun and pointed it at her. “Shut up, you worthless bitch! Another word from you and you can ask Saint Peter for dance lessons.”
“Tell me you have something,” the colonel said, squeezing Dr. Anniston's shoulder so tightly he both felt and heard a bone cracking.
The old man moaned and was afraid he'd pass out from the intense pain.

Trevor heard the crashing and yelling from the next room. Why does something interesting always happen when I'm in the bathroom? He wondered, quickly standing and pulling up his pants.
He opened the door silently, as someone in the next room seemed to be threatening his employer and friend. He pulled his stun gun out of his jacket pocket and walked slowly down the hallway toward the main room.
Peeking around the open door, he saw the back of a giant man in uniform aiming a gun at the young lady and squeezing an obviously agonized Dr. Anniston's shoulder. He tiptoed closer as the intruder sputtered threats that Trevor truly believed he meant to carry out.
“Tell me, you dirty old man. Tell me you've got something. The fate of the whole world is teetering on nuclear annihilation and you're dining and dancing like it was New Years Eve. So you better have something or by God I'll-” Wilcox sputtered in growing frustration, until he heard a very soft cracking sound behind him. He pushed Anniston against the bookcase and whirled around with his gun ready to fire.

A shard of glass cracked under Trevor's foot as he got close enough to use the hand held stun gun. In the instant he heard it crack under his foot, he saw the man with the gun begin to turn around. He thrust the two metal prongs of the stun gun against the big man's neck and squeezed the trigger.


CHAPTER SIX: Ghost Stories

Federal agent Shannon Mendez pulled her SUV to a stop, on the side of a two lane country road, behind the patrol car.
The deputy gave her an odd look before walking toward an old lady standing beside a rusty grocery cart.
Shannon stepped out and walked up as the woman spoke. “I ain't crazy. And I seen another ghost ball just a bit ago. You think I'm crazy, but it's true. My cat seen it too. Didn't ya Michael?” The lady asked a fat old black cat sitting in a baby carrier strapped to the cart.
“Listen Allison, you can't be calling the police to come out here and look for ghosts. Like I told you last time, we got real emergencies to deal with and can't be wasting time looking for spooks and booger men,” Deputy Fulton said, in a frustrated tone of voice.
“Well, I see you brought a friend along with you this time. Maybe she can do something about them if you won't. Imagine, a big man like you being scared of ghosts,” she said smiling, and looking at the tall lady standing off to the side of the deputy.
“I don't know who she is, but if she doesn't get back in her fancy car and skedaddle she might be getting a ticket for something,” Andy said, turning to the smiling agent.
“And what exactly would be the charge, deputy?” Mendez asked, looking at the thick cluster of pine trees beyond him.
“Interfering with an official police inquiry and illegal parking, for starters.” He gestured to her car parked on the side of the road. “And if you don't beat cheeks before I count to ten I'll think of something else,” he said smiling grimly.
“Officer, could you tell me your name please?” Mendez asked.
“I am Deputy Andrew Fulton, of the Saint Clair County Sheriff's Department. And who are you?”
Mendez flipped open her leather ID case. “Shannon Mendez, Federal Bureau of Investigation. Pleased to meet you. Are you still going to write me up?”
Deputy Fulton's eyes stared at the credentials before he swallowed with great difficulty and tried to speak “I... I, uh.”
“The man's a regular Rembrandt with words, ain't he Shannon?” Allison asked, before cackling and petting her cat.
Fulton shot Allison a quick dirty look before turning back to the federal agent. “I didn't know. What are you doing out here?”
“Let's just say I love a good ghost story, deputy,” Mendez said, with her dazzling bright smile. “Where have you seen these ghost balls, Mrs.?”
“Name is Allison Taylor, pleased to meetcha. You're a tall drink of water ain't ya?”
“Nice to meet you too, Mrs. Taylor. Now, where did you see these things exactly?”
“Call me Allison and I'll tell you all about them,” the old lady said, ignoring the confused deputy. “You ain't got a cigarette by any chance do ya?”
“Sorry no, I don't smoke.” Mendez turned to the deputy. “Do you have a cigarette?”
“Yes ma'am,” he said, reaching into a shirt pocket and pulling out a pack.
After the old lady got the cigarette lit, she smiled and recounted her ghost story.

*****

Betty reached the end of the culvert just as Orlando plunged the knife into the boy’s stomach.
When he pulled it out, Jake fell face first in the water.
The girl tilted her head very slightly and her eyes flashed a brilliant red color for several seconds while she watched the man put the knife back in its sheath before picking up the trash bags full of stolen laptop computers.
Orlando looked back briefly at the boy, laying in the water filled ditch, as he climbed the small hill to the parking lot.
When he was gone from view, her eyes returned to their normal shade of blue. She reached into her shirt, pulled out a roach and dropped it on the curved wall of the culvert. The small insect scurried back into the gloom and within seconds was gone from view. Stooping down low, so Orlando couldn't spot her, Betty ran to Jake's side. She pulled him out of the ditch and laid his body on the weed covered hillside. There was a long bloody gash on his forehead, caused when he fell and hit a rock.
A few flies seemed to appear like magic and congregated on his face, but the girl ignored them and pulled up his wet and muddy shirt exposing an ugly jagged hole just above and to the right of the boy's belly button. Blood pumped out in time with his heartbeat. She knelt down and inserted two slender fingers deep into the boy's wound. Lifting her head, she stared up the hill toward the parking lot as her eyes changed from blue to a dark red.

Nearly a minute later, Kenny climbed out of the culvert behind her. He'd left the bags of stolen computers and the fat boy trembled as he moved in jerky steps. His hands were repeatedly clenching and relaxing as he trudged through the muddy water and climbed the hill whimpering softly. He was seemingly oblivious to Jake, the girl, or anything else, as he jerked spasmodically.
His face had a twitching agonized expression as he climbed. A few times he shuddered and a look of confusion would come over him for a second but then the agonized look came back and he continued on. With the exceptions of the spastic twitches, tormented expression, and a small brown roach wedged nearly all the way inside his left ear, he seemed perfectly normal.

Orlando was leaning against the van smoking a cigarette. He was impatient to get out of there and thought about yelling for his buddy 'Jabba The Butt' to hurry up. But off in the distance, he saw some kids playing in a field and decided to keep quiet. Fat fart probably had a heart attack fucking that girl. He smiled at the thought and tried to calculate how much he'd make when he sold the laptops to his buddy in Birmingham.
His lack of skills with higher mathematics made this a difficult endeavor. With the other two bags Kenny was bringing he guessed they might get two thousand dollars altogether. Leaning back against the van, he relaxed and closed his eyes. Stealing is hard work, he thought, feeling the sun shining on his smiling face.

Kenny walked slowly across the parking lot. His face changed with nearly every step. It was either expressionless or filled with pain. He walked as if in a trance, looking only at Orlando leaning against his van. His thoughts were a mixture of confusion and terror as he realized something was wrong but unable to comprehend what it was. He remembered the bags of computers he was supposed to be carrying and tried to stop and go back for them. A brilliant momentary flash of pain filled his brain. Wobbling slightly, he almost managed to stop walking; almost.
What the hell is wrong with me? My head hurts and I can't stop walking. It feels like ants are crawling around inside my head. Maybe I bumped my head in that drainage thing or something, he thought frantically, feeling himself involuntarily walking forward.
As he closed the distance to the van, faint voices he didn't recognize were echoing in his mind. At least he thought they were voices. They sounded distant and he couldn't understand what they were saying. He felt his breathing increase as he walked. His muscles flexed and he felt a tremendous rush of adrenalin flowing through his body as Orlando finally looked up and noticed him.
“Where the Hell are my computers, lard ass? And what the fuck's up with your eyes?” Orlando asked in frustration, as Kenny came closer.
The fat boy's pupils were glowing faintly pink as the eyes themselves shuttled rapidly back and forth. Kenny stopped a few feet away. “I have a problem.” He managed to gasp out the words. “My head is full of... I feel... I feel... I can't-” His eyes cleared momentarily and he screamed.
It was the loudest sound he'd ever made in his life. He felt something ripping in his throat, but continued to scream and ran at Orlando; slamming him against the van. Wrapping his large meaty hands around Orlando's neck, he pinned him to the van and squeezed.

*****

“They only come out around dawn or early in the evening. The ghost balls, that is. I've seen 'em for weeks. First couple of times thought it was my old eyes playing tricksy with me. But me and mister Jackson seen ‘em bout six times altogether,” the old lady said while stroking her obese cat, which was still sitting in the baby carrier.
The cat's eyes were shut as he purred in contentment.
Shannon laughed softly, “Your cat is named Michael Jackson?”
“Yep, he's a great singer and dancer too,” Allison said giggling.
“Can we keep to the facts, please?” The bored looking deputy asked.
“Deputy, if you want to, you can leave anytime you-” Mendez started to say. She was interrupted by a long drawn out scream echoing through the still woods.
The trio fell silent and looked around for its source.

*****

Flickering in and out of consciousness, Jake caught brief glimpses of a beautiful girl. She was looking down at him. Behind her, the early morning blue sky offset her long golden blonde hair in a way that seemed like nothing less than magic. It wasn't the cheesy kind of magic he'd seen at birthday parties or even the kind on TV. This was real magic. He felt a growing warmth filling his body. He trembled and the closest he could identify the sensation with was the time he'd stuck his finger in a lamp socket while trying to replace a light bulb. It was like that but there was no pain, only a growing wonderful feeling of warmth. He stared at the girl and struggled to speak. “Are you an angel?” His voice was rough and low but the girl seemed to hear him.
She looked blankly down at him for several seconds before saying, “No. You have been injured. Please do not move. We will meet again.”
She tilted her head before dialing 911 with the boy's phone.
An operator asked what the nature of the emergency was as she leaned close to his ear and whispered, “Jake, please say I need help.”
“I need help,” Jake said hoarsely into the phone, as she held it close to his mouth.
Betty heard the emergency operator asking questions. She set the phone near his outstretched hand, leaned close and whispered in his ear, “Sleep.”
Jake struggled valiantly to stay awake. He wanted to see the beautiful girl but felt his eyelids slamming shut as if they weighed several tons. “Who are-” was all he was able to mutter as he felt himself being pulled into a deep slumber.
She stood and looked toward the parking lot where a long loud scream broke the early morning calm. Her lips barely moved as she said, “The dog.” Turning, she ran back through the culvert as the sounds of fighting drifted through the air.

Orlando was in trouble. He'd been in countless fights, but this was far different than anything he'd ever dealt with before. Kenny wasn't fighting, he was strangling him. He kicked the fat boy in the balls fully expecting him to keel over in agony.
Kenny only grunted and squeezed Orlando's neck harder.
He tried to get his hands off his neck but realized 'Jabba The Butt' seemed to have grown muscles; Very strong ones. His lungs thirsted for air and for the first time in his life he seriously thought he was going to die. He reached for his knife and stabbed blindly at his morbidly obese attacker. Warm blood washed over his hands as he stabbed and sliced, but Kenny wouldn't release his grip.
Orlando's eyes rolled frantically as he sliced slower. He saw a small brown thing sticking out of the boy's ear. Wondering what it could be, he was knocked to the ground under the fat boy's body as he collapsed on top of him.


The deputy ran back to his car as the screams continued.
“Will you be around here later if I have more questions?” Mendez hurriedly asked Allison.
“Yes ma'am. Was gonna take Mr. Jackson into town for lunch, but we should be back hereabouts this afternoon. They got free hotdogs down at the car place today. I heard about it at the football game last night. You like hotdogs, Mrs. Mendez?” Allison asked, as the patrol car started slowly down the road with its windows unrolled.
“Uh sure, I'll try to see you this afternoon,” she said, before running back to her car.
“You have a nice day!” Allison hollered, as the SUV followed the patrol car.

She saw the deputy pick up the dashboard microphone and switched on the SUV's police scanner. She pushed the scan button and heard the same dispatcher from the restaurant clearly saying, “We got reports of screams from people living near the high school and also got a call for help. They didn't hang up and we've narrowed the location to the same location as the screams. You want me to roll back-up?”
Mendez heard the deputy say to hold on back-up while he checked it out. She saw the squad car's lights start to flash as he turned on the siren and sped away. She kept pace with the deputy, while checking her shoulder holster under her jacket and felt the reassuring presence of her gun.


The screaming stopped by the time Betty arrived where the dog was sprawled in the grass. She squatted next to Frodo's head and felt the tacky blood with her fingertips.
In the distance, an approaching siren could be heard.
She placed the palm of her hand over the dog's head as the siren grew louder. A minute later, the dog's tail thumped weakly as it whimpered softly.
Looking into the dog's eyes, she said, “Jake is hurt. Go to him. I must leave now.”
She stood and ran behind the concrete buildings by the football field.
Frodo stared as the girl, who didn't smell like a girl at all, as she ran. She moved very fast. The dog got shakily to his feet. He sniffed the ground and trotted into the dark culvert.

*****

Agent Hicks was extremely perturbed.
After fifteen minutes of waiting at Billy Bob's he tried Mendez's cell phone again. It rang but she didn't answer. He went to the sidewalk heading into town and started walking.
A few stores were open and people all seemed to be discussing last night’s football game or free hotdogs at some car dealership.
He stopped an overweight man hobbling down the sidewalk with a cane. “Excuse me, sir. Do you know where the car dealership is?”
“Headin there right now, young fella. They got free hotdogs today, ya know,” he said, with breath that stunk of sour beer.
“Where is it?” Hicks impatiently asked.
“I'll take you there if you're in no hurry. Don't worry though, my son in law works there and he told me they must have a jillion hotdogs cookin. They won't run out.”
“I don't want any frigging hotdogs! Just tell me where it is!” Hicks screamed at the befuddled man.
“Two blocks up and hang a left you can't miss it,” the man said clutching his cane tightly for support.
“Thanks!” Hicks yelled over his shoulder and hurried away.
“Rude son of a gun,” the overweight man said, wiping the sweat off his forehead, before continuing to hobble down the sidewalk.

As he ran, Hicks dialed Armstrong's number. On the second ring she answered.
“Hi Hicks, find anything interesting?”
He spoke in an almost normal tone of voice as he started moving at almost jogging speed. “Mendez left me stranded at a greasy spoon and won't answer her cell phone. Have you heard anything from her?”
“Nothing yet. How did you get separated? And why do you sound like you're out of breath?”
“I'm taking my morning run to a car dealership in town. I don't like being stranded out here.  I keep expecting some inbred hillbillies to start playing that dueling banjos song from Deliverance anytime. I want to get a loaner car if you have no objections.”
“Let me try and get a hold of Mendez before you buy a Corvette. I'll call you back in a few minutes.”
“Check. Talk to ya later,” he said, swerving around a man dressed in overalls setting up a produce stand. Glancing at the homemade sign he read the words Pumpkins $5. Not a bad price, he thought as he continued to jog.

*****

With all the troops and security around Trevor had almost not bothered to bring the stun gun along from the RV, but mainly out of habit he had. He'd had numerous opportunities to use it over the years; usually when hooligans spotted Dr. Anniston and him walking the streets of some city they were visiting and thought the two old men would be easy to rob.
As recently as five years ago, Trevor would sometimes prefer the use of more physical combat utilizing the skills he received while in the British Security Service; commonly referred to as MI-5 where he served until his arrest in 1976. He served twenty years in prison for murder before he was paroled and employed by Dr. Anniston.
Even as he pressed the trigger on the stun gun, he felt a strong sense of regret that he wouldn't get an opportunity to kick the big military man's ass.
Luckily or unluckily, depending on one's perspective, the stun gun hadn't been charged for almost a month. Trevor had meant to do it when he'd been informed of their expedition to the untamed wilds of Alabama but had forgotten.

The shock was enough to make Colonel Wilcox drop his pistol but not nearly enough to even momentarily incapacitate him. He spun around and pushed the man he'd never seen before back toward the open doorway. “Try to blindside me, will you?! I'll have all of you placed under arrest and shot!”
Trevor lowered himself slightly and was prepared to tackle the much younger man when Alice ran forward and picked up the colonel's gun. “Stop or I'll shoot. By God, I swear I will,” she said with a strained cracking voice.
Wilcox backed up, keeping an eye on Trevor and saw the woman pointing his gun at him.
“It seems we have reached a bit of an impasse, colonel. I sincerely doubt you wished things to get so out of hand, so let us think a moment,” Dr. Anniston said, adjusting his tweed jacket and cringing slightly as he massaged his throbbing shoulder. “What say, you depart and when you're feeling more in control of your emotions we discuss your concerns then?”
Wilcox trembled in barely checked rage as he glared at the old man. “You. You and your Geriatric Breakfast Club have five minutes to be off of this base of operations,” he said, sidling toward the exit. “If you three aren't gone by that time, I swear I'll have you all executed.”
“As you wish, colonel,” Anniston said, with a slight bow. “Mrs. Weinstein will leave your sidearm with a sentry as we leave.”
Trevor looked alert as he backed away from the doorway for the colonel to leave.
The gun shook in Alice's trembling hands as Wilcox went through the doorway. “Five minutes. Not one minute more. Understood?” The colonel asked.
“Yes, quite so,” Anniston said grimly.
The colonel stormed through the door and slammed it shut after him.

“Alice, quickly gather your things together. Trevor, go get the RV started. We'll be along very shortly,” the old man said, looking on the floor at the smashed items as if seeking something in particular.
Trevor relieved Alice of the pistol and stood in confusion for a moment before hurrying out.
“We're leaving?” Alice asked in a small shocked tone of voice.
“Immediately, yes. Now, please hurry and get your things. I fear that colonel has gone quite mad and time is short. Please hurry,” Anniston said and bent down to pick up the photograph of his dead wife as Alice grabbed her purse and backpack that contained her personal computer. Carrying them, she quickly ran down the trailer hallway where her small bedroom was.
A minute later she met Anniston at the stairs of the trailer and they hurried over to the rumbling RV. Trevor sat behind the wheel and waved for them to hurry with one hand while in the other he held in his lap, impossible to see from the outside, a Heckler-Koch machine gun. He had no idea what was happening, but upon return to the RV his first action was to retrieve it from the gun safe. Stepping on the gas and revving the engine he watched as they climbed aboard.
“Sit down, time's short,” Trevor called out as he put the vehicle in gear and stomped on the gas pedal.

The RV picked up speed as it tore across the supermarket parking lot. Trevor sounded the air horn, which played the first several notes from Rule Britannia, as he drove faster through confused groups of soldiers and researchers. He put the RV in second gear as he ran a red light and headed for the checkpoint they'd come through only the day before.
Dr. Anniston and Alice buckled their seat belts as the vehicle bounced and shimmied.
Trevor opened his window and yelled at a soldier standing near the barricade without slowing down.
“Sentry, please return this to Wilcox! Thanks!” He threw the colonel's gun in the grass by the stunned soldier's feet and slid his window shut. They reached a highway heading into Birmingham and after checking the RV's rear view mirrors Trevor started breathing again.

“We're clear James. Where do we go now?” Trevor asked as he got the big vehicle up to the speed limit.
“Just keep going. I'm still a bit muzzy headed. That chap was stark raving mad, wasn't he?” Dr. Anniston said softly from his chair.
Alice was crying and shaking as the RV headed south toward Birmingham.
“Keep it steady, Trevor. I think three small glasses of brandy are in order. And after I finish them I might get one for both of you as well,” Anniston said, crossing shakily to the liquor cabinet.

*****

Deputy Fulton drove straight toward the van in the high school parking lot as agent Mendez drove around the perimeter. Over the police scanner she heard the deputy calling the dispatcher to send backup and an ambulance. She saw movement on the far side of the football field and stared in disbelief as what looked like a young girl ran and leaped over the fence before running into the woods. Stopping the SUV by the patrol car, she got out and saw something disturbing. It looked like two dead young men. One was a very fat teenage boy laying on top of a skinny young man who was clutching a bloody hunting knife in one hand.
The deputy whistled appreciatively as he looked in the back of the open van.
Mendez walked over and saw several laptop computers and glanced nervously behind her asking, “You don't think one of these guys called for help, do you?”
“I doubt Orlando did. He's the skinny kid squished under the fat one. He's been in trouble with the law for years,” Fulton said, pulling his revolver and looking suspiciously around. “I think someone-”
A dog's mournful howl coming from the ditch interrupted the deputy.
Mendez ran to edge of the parking lot and saw a dog sitting next to a young boy with a blood covered face. Even from twenty feet away she saw something odd, but didn't recognize what is was until much later. The boy had been hurt grievously, that was obvious, but it wasn't until she had time to recall it much later that she remembered the peaceful smile on his face.
Her cell phone rang while she climbed down into the ditch. She saw it was Armstrong and answered it. “Mendez here.”
“Where the Hell are you? Hicks is pissed.”
“Hicks is always pissed. I'm in a ditch with a seriously hurt kid, maybe twelve or thirteen years old, and a dog that's giving me a distrustful look. Before you ask anything else, let me deal with what I got here and when things calm down I'll give you the details. Okay?”
“Okay, just give me your location so I can fill in Hicks.”
“He'll probably be seeing emergency vehicles heading out here any minute. I'm at the Ragland High School's parking lot by the football field. Listen, I really gotta go.”
“Okay, but call back and fill me in ASAP.”
“Yes ma'am,” Mendez said before hanging up.

Frodo sniffed at the tall lady and whined as he sat by the boy's head.
“It's okay, pup,” she said softly, kneeling down. “I just want to help him.” Mendez placed her fingers on the boy's neck and felt his pulse. It was slow and steady. She heard a voice saying, “hello?” and spotted the cell phone lying in the weeds a few inches from his hand. Picking it up, she heard the 911 operator and quickly identified herself and explained the situation.
After she was told back-up was on the way, she hung up and turned back to render first aid.
Frodo whined and looked back and forth between Jake and the lady.


CHAPTER SEVEN: Things great, small, and nasty

“What do you think she'd like to be for Halloween, a witch or a kitten?” Sally asked, as she pulled costumes out of an old wooden steamer trunk in the guest bedroom.
Thomas didn't answer. He sat on the edge of the twin size bed and absently rubbed his thigh.  Something felt wrong with it. It was sore and there was a slight discoloration like he'd bruised it, but try as he might he couldn't recall how he'd hurt it. The almost healed scratches on his calf were obviously done by the cat, but he couldn't remember when it had used his leg as a scratching post either. It felt sort of like when he would try to recall a dream he'd had. Bits and pieces would be close to the surface of his mind then disappear before he could grab a hold of them.
“You daydreaming again, sugar britches? I asked, which costume do think Betty will want to wear,” Sally said, placing a much too small black hat on her gray hair covered head. She scowled at the mirror and looked at the old man's reflection in the mirror. “Something ailing you, Thomas?”
“Just thinking. When do you suppose Betty will be back? I was planning to go look over the cars at Sonny James in a bit and thought she might like to tag along,” he said, smiling slightly.
“She said she wanted to meet that Carver boy. I don't recall when she left, but I imagine she'll be back home soon. And by the way, you need to run by the store and pick her up some school supplies. I don't want to take her in on Monday morning, get her all registered, and have her showing up without anything for class.”
“Yes dear,” he said, and felt a slight discomfort as he thought about the girl. He never had thought of his relatives in the way he thought of Betty. It's sick. How can I think of her like this?  She's awfully pretty, though. Thomas had always had an appreciation for the beauty of young girls and often fantasized about the cheerleaders he'd see at the football games or fund raising car washes. But had never thought of his own flesh and blood like that before.

“I'm going to bring in the laundry in a few minutes. I hope I got all the stains out of your underwear. I swear, Tommy, do you ever even consider wiping after you do your business?” Sally asked, as she laid the costumes on the bed for Betty.
“Hm? Yes dear, you're right,” he said absently, still rubbing his leg.
She stopped beside him, wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed his cheek. “Want me to get the liniment lotion? Looks like your arthritis is acting up.”
“No, that's okay, sweetie pie. I must have walked into something last night, probably heading to the bathroom. It's just a little tender.”
“That's my Tommy, tender and sweet. Next time don't try to find the bathroom in the dark. You know the lamp light wouldn't wake me up.” She hugged him tighter for a second before walking out.
The light was on when I hurt it. And someone was speaking to me but- A brief blurry memory of Betty fought its way to his conscious before quickly being lost.

*****

“He did what?!” Amalia screamed into the phone.
“Where did Dr. Anniston go?” She listened briefly before asking, “Did you see Alice get into the RV too?” The pencil she had been holding broke in two as she got the answer. “Ask Colonel, what's his name? The guy in charge of the military police.” She paused and listened. “Abrahms, yes him. Tell him I need him here right away.” She hung up the phone and stared at the video monitor.
She watched the entire recorded encounter with Wilcox and Dr. Anniston's people several times before there was a knock on the door.
Placing her hand on her sidearm, she asked, “Who is it?” fearing it might be Wilcox.
“Colonel Abrahms, Military Police.”

After they reviewed the footage together, Abrahms looked at Amalia with a deeply disturbed expression.
“What do you suggest?” He asked, looking at a frame of frozen video showing Wilcox pointing a gun at Alice.
“Can you arrest him?”
“General Heller could order it, but he's out at the blast site. I could send word and tell him what's happened,” Abrahms said, looking doubtful.
“Why don't you call him?” Amalia asked.
“The radiation out there makes communications difficult. It would be easier and quicker to just send a message. He could be here in ten minutes if he thinks it's warranted.”
“Warranted? Didn't you see the video? Wilcox has snapped. He's dangerous.”
“Without audio the video isn't as damning as it looks. I'll grant that it looks bad, but neither of us know precisely what happened in there. We could wait. Colonel Aswan Hussein, Wilcox's replacement, should be here in less than an hour.”
“Wilcox has been relieved of his command? Maybe that's why he snapped. Nonetheless, I want you to have guards doubled around the perimeter. I don't want Wilcox to run off before everything is sorted out.”
“I'm sorry ma'am, but I can't do that without orders from my commanding officer.”
“General Heller?” She asked furiously.
“Yes ma'am. I wish I could do something but-”
Holding up her hand, she interrupted, “Okay, forget Wilcox for the time being. Can you send MP's to try and find Dr. Anniston and his RV? I've tried calling him since they drove out of here like terrified rabbits, but they won't answer.”
“That's something I can and will do. Should I contact local police for assistance in tracking them down?” He asked, while scribbling on a notepad.
She looked thoughtful for several seconds before shaking her head no. “That's probably not a good idea. Just give your men Dr. Anniston's phone number and have them try to call him. If he answers or they catch up with him have him call me.”
“Yes ma'am,” Abrahms said, before quickly leaving her office.
“Fuck,” she whispered, staring at the frozen image of the colonel pointing a gun at a woman he'd thrown across the room a few seconds earlier. Starting to sit at her desk, she reconsidered when she realized her back would be to the glass window and the parking lot beyond. Several Hummer's with red and blue flashing emergency lights pulled away from the command trailer as she felt increasingly nauseated. Backing as far away from the windows as possible, she tried to call Dr. Anniston again.

*****

Deputy Fulton handed Agent Mendez the first aid kit he'd retrieved from his squad car and asked if he could do anything to help.
“I think he'll be okay. What about the other two guys up there? Are they dead?”
“Looked dead to me. Sure glad you came along. I never was very good at first aid. It doesn't take much to make me queasy,” he said, looking at her as she carefully packed a large gauze bandage over the knife wound on the boy.
“Did you check them for a pulse?”
The deputy looked at his watch before answering. “Paramedics should be here soon. I'd hate to muck up the crime scene for nothing. If they're dead, all I'd do is mess it up.”
“You've got a camera in your car, right? Snap some pictures and then check them for a pulse. Or do you need me to do it, since you get queasy?” She asked in exasperation.
His face felt hot as in an embarrassed voice, he said, “Yeah okay. I'll go, just stay here with the kid.”

After climbing out of the ditch, he ran back to his car and grabbed the digital camera. He snapped two wide and several medium distance shots of the scene. There was a large pool of blood surrounding the bodies that was already attracting flies. He put the camera in his shirt pocket and stepped on the few dry patches of ground near the bodies. His stomach rumbled uneasily as he looked at the big kid he didn't recognize laying on top of Orlando Duprat.
Leaning closer, he saw the fat kid's hands were still wrapped around Orlando's neck. He reached down and found no pulse on the fat kid. From the way the bodies were arranged, with the fat one laying on top, there was no way to check Orlando's pulse without moving his body. He reached out and shoved the dead fat kid off. It wasn't easy. He was a heavy corpse.
Pushing harder, with flies buzzing around in growing numbers, the kid rolled over and long slick pink snakelike coils of intestines slid out of his sliced open belly.
Suddenly the deputy didn't feel queasy. He felt violently sick and valiantly fought not to lose control. But with his recent breakfast in full riot mode, he knew he was going to be sick. Turning toward the front of the van, away from the bodies, he vomited uncontrollably.

Orlando felt like shit but was alive.
He gasped softly; finally able to breathe now that Kenny was no longer crushing him. Wet splashes and gagging sounds informed him someone was being sick nearby. The sunlight blinded him as he opened his eyes. Realizing he must have been unconscious, he spotted a police car a few yards away with its red and blue lights flashing on the roof.
Turning his head, he smiled weakly and watched a deputy losing his lunch. His throat and head hurt as he quietly got shakily to his feet and retrieved his knife. He moved toward the deputy, that was facing away from him leaning forward with his hands on his knees. Gotta do this fast. He's probably already called for backup, he thought, raising the knife.

Mendez heard the deputy being sick and shook her head. What kind of cop gets sick from a couple of dead bodies?
Realizing Amalia should be updated, she reached for her cell phone and stood up. She saw the cell signal fluctuating between no service and one bar. Thinking she'd get better reception up in the parking lot, she looked at the boy and dog and lightly bit her lip before speaking. “You watch him for me. I'll be right back,” she said to the dog.
Frodo sat by Jake and looked up briefly as she turned and climbed out of the ditch.

I should have taken that job with my brother and been a car salesman. They never have to deal with this kind of shit, Deputy Fulton thought, as he closed his eyes. The multicolored splashes on the pavement and taste of partially digested eggs, bacon, and coffee had only made him feel worse as his stomach continued to churn miserably.
Between convulsions of puking he heard a soft squishing noise behind him. He opened his eyes and saw the shadow of a man holding a knife cast on the pavement and the side of the van. With no time to think, he tried to leap away as he saw the shadow arm swinging down.
Goodbye deputy, Orlando thought, swinging the knife.
Midway down, he felt something grab his foot and pull him back. The knife still sliced Fulton, but the damage was much less than it would have otherwise been. The blade ripped through the deputy's shirt and slid across his back instead of plunging in as Orlando had intended.
Yelling, Fulton stumbled forward uncertain how bad he'd been hurt.

Agent Mendez heard the deputy screaming and ran the last few feet to the parking lot. She didn't know where to look first as she drew her gun.
There was a crawling fat boy trailing his intestines behind him as he held on to an ankle of a muscular blood covered young man. The man gripping a knife looked down and tried to yank his foot free while struggling to keep his balance on his other foot.
The bleeding deputy was turning back and trying to draw his gun.
“Drop the knife!” Mendez shouted, aiming at the knife wielding man.
Orlando looked at her and back at the much closer deputy. They both had guns pointing at him. He dropped the knife and it clattered on the blood and vomit covered pavement.
Through glaze covered eyes, Kenny looked up briefly at Mendez before releasing his grip. Without saying anything, he collapsed on the pavement still gripping one of Orlando's shoes with his bloody hands.

She covered Orlando, while the deputy handcuffed him, but a small brief movement made her glance down. A tiny brown roach crawled out of the fat kid's ear. It moved so fast as it ran across his face then under the van and out of sight she half doubted what she'd seen.

*****

The tops of several towering pine trees swayed slightly in the gentle breeze as children ran and screamed below. The park had swings, slides, and a pavilion with a large brick grill. Two children, a boy and girl, saw something unusual and decided to investigate as their mother gossiped with the other women.
“It's a movie star bus. I bet someone famous is inside. Let's go get an autograph,” a little boy with a snot dribbling nose said, pointing at the large black RV which was parked on the side of the road a few dozen feet away.
“I don't wanna go see a dumb bus. Besides it's probably full of dirty old men looking for kids to steal... Hey, you know on second thought maybe you should go over there,” his older sister said, before yanking his hair and running back into the park laughing.
He almost ran after her but curiosity got the better of him, as it often did. Casually strolling through the grass, he stopped by a wooden fence that separated the playground from the parking lot and wondered who could be inside. The boy climbed on the wooden fence and was straddling it when the door of the RV opened. An old man with white wispy hair came out followed by another old guy.
The boy quickly climbed back off the fence and ran back into the park screaming something about dirty old men.

“Why won't you answer the phone?” Alice asked again. It had been ringing constantly since they'd started down Highway 79, five minutes earlier. “It's driving me crazy.”
Dr. Anniston nodded and turned off the power on the cell phone. “If either of you have cell phones you should turn off the power as well. If they have enough time, I'm sure they'd be able to find us by the signals they put out. And for now, I want time to think undisturbed.”
“Crap, I left mine back in that damn trailer,” Alice said, but checked her jacket pocket where she usually kept it just to be certain.
“I have never owned a cell phone, James, as I'm sure you well know,” Trevor said, while holding a box with a small circular metallic antenna protruding from the front of it. It made a faint static noise as he began to walk around the RV's perimeter.

“What's he doing?” Alice asked, as Dr. Anniston stuffed his pipe with tobacco.
“Checking for bugs,” He explained while lighting the pipe and staring up at the blue sky.
“Eww, I hate bugs. I'm glad he's doing it, but shouldn't he be using a spray or something.”
Chuckling softly, he puffed at his pipe. “I'm sorry my dear. I meant to say he's checking for spy bugs. Locators or tracking devices used to keep tabs on people. I doubt he'll find any, but for now I'd like for us to vanish while we consider our options.”
She nodded and checked her purse to make certain her phone wasn't inside.

A few minutes later Trevor had circled the RV and reported that there were no bugs. He smiled at the old man and Alice sitting on a wooden bench a few yards from the vehicle. She looked a little shaken up still but the old man seemed deep in thought.
Trevor climbed back into the RV and went about checking for more bugs while wondering what would happen next.
The vehicle wasn't small, but after a few minutes he was convinced there were no surveillance or tracking devices on board. Thinking it a good time for a small celebration he stopped by the liquor cabinet and pulled out a bottle. He poured a small bit into a glass and sipped at the brandy. Drinking and driving, as if we don't have enough troubles, he thought, and smiled knowing it would take half a bottle of brandy to seriously affect him.
A distant siren growing louder made him sit up behind the steering wheel as his smile vanished. Glancing at the bench, he saw his employer and the lady seemingly oblivious to the sound. He pulled his machine gun onto his lap, and stared at the highway a few hundred feet away. It's hard to be inconspicuous when you're driving something as big as an eighteen wheel truck, he thought bitterly.
A military Hummer cruised by heading south toward Birmingham with its siren wailing and lights flashing. It didn't slow down at the park's turnoff. If anyone in it had glanced this way they couldn't have missed the RV and Trevor had no doubt they were looking for them.
Most of the children had stopped to watch as the Hummer passed by, but as soon as it was out of sight they went back to whatever they'd been doing.
If we're going to try and go underground we've got to get rid of this thing, Trevor realized.

Tapping out the ashes of his pipe, Dr. Anniston looked at Alice as she watched the children at play. What have I gotten this poor girl into? He thought before speaking.
“Alice I'm extremely sorry to have gotten you involved in all this. We will take you to the airport or actually it would probably be more wise to find a taxi for you. I doubt Trevor would feel it prudent to drive Black Beauty to the airport.”
“Why would I go to the airport?” Alice asked with a wry smile.
“I believe you're in danger. I cannot stand the idea of anything happening to you and until this Colonel Wilcox is brought under control, or put down like the mad dog that he acts like, I believe you should go home,” Anniston said, and felt a lump in his throat as he spoke. He realized the madness of the situation and knew sending her away would be the best course of action, but at the same time knew he'd miss her terribly once she was gone.
“You believe I'm in danger? Why? Just because some nut throws me across a room and points a gun at me? That kind of thing happens all the time during faculty meetings at MIT.” She laughed softly, shaking her head. “So you want to send me to the airport where, for all we know, they've got orders to shoot me on sight? No, thank you. For now, until everything is clarified, I'm sticking with you guys.”
“Yes. You're quite right. I'm afraid all the excitement has left my noodle somewhat addled. And besides-” His voice fell as he mumbled the rest.
“Pardon me?” She asked, leaning closer.
Dr. Anniston's face went slightly red as he cleared his throat and said, “Besides, if you left I- I mean that is...we would miss you.”
She smiled at the old man and took his hand in hers. “I'd miss you too,” she said, squeezing his hand gently. “Besides, this is kind of exciting compared to my normal life.”
He cleared his throat and stood up abruptly. “Yes. Well then, we should probably get moving. And I'm sure Trevor will want to abandon Black Beauty. It will be hard to talk him out of it, of course.”
“Why do you call the RV Black Beauty?”
“I loved reading that book as a child and always dreamed that someday I'd have a beautiful black horse that would take me wherever I chose to go. This is not just an RV, Alice. It's my rolling retirement home.
Trevor and I have driven across America for the last year and a half, seeing the sights and meeting thousands of wonderfully interesting people along the way. But in spite of all the madness earlier today, I am loathe to run away from my home.”
“I think there might be a way to disguise it,” Alice said, as they walked to the RV holding hands.
“Really? How?”
“Do you like dragons?” Alice asked with a grin, as she climbed up the stairs.

*****

It was mid morning as Agent Hicks slowed from a brisk jog to a fast walk. He was half a block from the Sonny James dealership and stared at a giant inflatable monkey. It was sitting on top of the showroom roof with a large banner stretched between its hands. He read the words written on it; We mean business, not monkey business. A slight breeze carried the aroma of hot dogs boiling and grilling to him. He felt nauseated as he crossed the street.
Kids were running around the car lot, laughing and screaming as their parents fought off salesmen who were trying to sell some overpriced used cars. Loudspeakers were playing a disco song near a brightly yellow and green painted van equipped with strobe and rotating amber lights. On the side of the van was painted WRAG Classic Rock of Ragland.
Between the music and the kids yelling, Hicks didn't notice the sirens until the emergency vehicles were passing by.
Two police cars were leading a pair of ambulances and a fire truck through town.
He stared after the departing emergency units and felt his stomach clenching.
Dressed in a conservative business suit, Hicks stood out from the rest of the crowd and repeatedly salesmen closed in and accosted him as he headed for the showroom. It was akin to how sharks could detect blood in the water.
The first one was a fat middle aged balding man with his remaining hair grown out long and swooped forward over his pink head. The salesman came forward while eating a hotdog that smelled like old socks slathered in mustard. “You look like a man who knows a good deal when he see one. I got a like new KIA Sportage that was made just for a smart man like you. It's got a CD player and air conditioning too.”
Hicks ignored him and walked faster. It felt like the car lot was growing larger as he tried to reach the building in the middle of the throngs of people chowing down on free hot dogs. Damn you, Mendez, he thought, detouring around an enormous woman wearing a large pink sundress and fuzzy yellow slippers.
“Have a hotdog, good buddy,” a man wearing cowboy boots and a plaid shirt said, while handing him a foil wrapped cylindrical object.
“Fuck you,” Hicks responded, pushing past him before almost breaking into a run.

The crowds grew in size closer to the showroom and the smell of hot dogs was almost a tangibly foul thing assaulting his flaring nostrils. I won't throw up or start firing my gun, he thought briefly, working his way through the milling crowd. He was sorely tempted to fire his gun in the air to clear a path. A grim smile crossed his face as he reached and opened the door to the showroom.
A woman dressed as a clown was blowing up balloons and shaping them into various animals. He walked over and asked where the manager was.
After wandering down a small maze of hallways Hicks found his office.
After brief introductions, including the flashing of his federal credentials, Sonny James shook his head sadly before speaking. “Any other day I might be able to give you a loaner, but this is a big event; the biggest of the whole year. I could call a cab for you, but it'd probably have to come in from Birmingham and that's almost an hour away. For what they'd charge, it might be cheaper to just buy a car.”
“I don't think you understand that my partner may be in danger. She won't or can't answer her cell phone and just a few minutes ago I saw a line of emergency vehicles going through town. I don't want to be forced to confiscate a car, but if I don't get some cooperation right now I will.” Hicks said, standing and leaning across the owner's desk.
Sonny raised his hands in surrender, smiled and reached for the phone. He spoke quickly to someone, telling them to bring around the gray loaner from the repair shop and to wait for a man named Hicks to take possession of it.

“I didn't know it was an emergency, young man. I'm always happy to help out when it's something like that,” Sonny said, standing up and coming around his desk. “You can bring it back when you're done. Just be a pal and fill up the gas tank first, okay?”
“Why was it in the repair shop?” Hicks asked suspiciously.
“Regular maintenance. It's the loaner we let our customers use when they have a rare problem with their cars. Don't you worry, it's a bit older but very dependable. They should have it outside waiting for you, just down the hall to your right,” he said, leading Hicks out of his office.
“Thank you, Mr. James.”
“Call me Sonny, and I sure hope everything works out for you and your partner, young man.”

Hicks quickly walked down the hall and heard a classic rock song by the Eagles playing over the loudspeakers. He recognized it as one of his favorites, Life in the Fast Lane, as he pushed open the door. His eyes took a moment to adjust to the bright sunlight as the door swung shut behind him.
“You Hicks?” Asked a young man, wearing a greasy white shirt with a baseball cap twisted to the side.
“Yes, where's my car?”
“Right here. Keys are in it,” he answered, patting the hood of a 1972 Ford Pinto painted a dull green color.
Fuck! Hicks thought. Turning around, he saw the door he had come through was a one way exit with no handle. It was an emergency exit.
He considered going around to the front and putting a hurt on Sonny, but the sound of a siren passing nearby quickly changed his mind.
Climbing in was difficult. Standing well over six feet tall, he felt like a whale trying to squeeze into a tuna fish can. The fact it was low to the ground only made matters worse as he wedged himself inside. He tried to reach the seat belt and couldn't quite do it. Finally, after giving up, he started the car.
Stomping on the gas pedal resulted in a loud fart of a backfire and a spasmodic jerking as he tried to work the clutch. Slowly rolling through the crowds of people, frantically honking the barely audible horn, he glanced in the rear view mirror and saw the kid standing next to Sonny James as they watched him driving away. They were both laughing.
After pulling onto the main road, he swore as the transmission made a sick grinding noise when he switched gears.
The engine backfired again and the old car slowly picked up speed.

In the distance, he saw an ambulance turning off and made a mental note as he struggled to not hit his head on the low ceiling or his knees against the dashboard. A smell of hotdogs filled the small car and he saw two foil wrapped packages on the passenger seat. It will be a long time before I'm hungry enough for those, he thought, while stopping for a traffic light. His phone started ringing as he waited.
“Simon here.”
“It's Amalia, we've had a busy morning here and it's not over yet. I only have a minute to talk, so don't interrupt. Shannon is assisting at a crime scene near the high school. Do you need directions?”
“No. I'm already heading that way, chasing an ambulance. I should be there soon. Anything else?”
“What are you doing for transportation?”
The light changed to green as he struggled with the stick shift and the pedals.
The Pinto bucked and people behind him started honking.
Holding the phone crimped against his shoulder he shouted, “I got a shitty excuse for a car that's got to be at least twenty years older than I am! I gotta go!” He let the phone fall to the floor as he finally got it in gear and swore bloody revenge against Sonny James.

*****

Allison wheeled her shopping cart to the entrance of the football field and stopped to watch all the excitement. Her cat yawned, closed its eyes and luxuriated in the mid-morning sunshine. Within a few seconds it was purring loudly.
My goodness. Never seen so many cops in one place before. I hope whoever it was screaming is okay, she thought, before noticing some aluminum cans a few feet away in the weeds. Bending over to pick them up, she saw a girl standing behind a tree watching the police and ambulances in the parking lot.
“Exciting, ain't it?” Allison asked, while pouring dirty smelly liquids from the cans.
The girl kept staring and didn't answer.
Tossing the cans in her cart, Allison shrugged and pushed it a little closer to the emergency vehicles. A patrol car blocked the road and a grumpy looking deputy was leaning against the hood. He gave Allison a contemptuous look as she stared beyond him at the fire truck and other police cars.
“Was there a fire?!” She asked loudly.
“None of your business. Now move along,” he answered crossing his arms across his chest.
Allison grunted in disgust and went back to where the girl had been hiding in the trees.

“Do you know what's going on? Hey you, little girl, I be talking to you,” Allison said, walking toward her.
“They tried to steal some computers and one of them stabbed Jake Carver with a knife. He almost died,” the girl said, turning toward the lady. “He won't die, but he could have. Do you fear death?”
“I think I liked you better when you didn't say nuthin. Yer kinda creepy, you know that?”
“I'm trying to blend in, but it's difficult. How do you do it?”
Laughing hard, Allison shook her head and sat down with her back against a pine tree. “Girl, I've never blended in anywhere. What's your name? I'm Allison.”
“I'm Betty White. I am living with my Grandparents, Thomas and Sally McGee,” she said, before walking closer and sitting cross legged near her.
“Well Betty, how do you know so much 'bout what's going on over yonder?”
A honking horn at the road made Allison turn to look.
A large van with a telescoping pole and a small satellite dish on the top was coming to a stop a few yards away. The driver was shouting at the deputy to move his car.
The deputy yawned and made a shooing away gesture with one of his hands.
The van pulled to the side of the road and two men jumped out. In less than half a minute they had set up a tripod with a television camera mounted on top. One of the men yelled into the van and a young blonde lady climbed out carrying a hand microphone.
Allison turned to say something else, but the creepy little girl was gone.

“Test, test, can you hear me alright? This is Candace Rogers of WBIR reporting...test? You got it? Good, now find someone who'll talk to me,” the reporter said, looking into the van's side mounted rear view mirror checking her hair and makeup.
The field producer was having no luck in persuading the deputy to come on camera and was waving toward the emergency personnel hoping someone would come over to be interviewed.
Allison went back to her grocery cart and started to push it when the squeaking wheel got his attention. He ran after her and begged her to stop. “Excuse me; do you know what's going on down there?”
“Yep,” Allison said and kept pushing the cart away as he chased after her.
Michael yawned and meowed loudly.
“You gotta go tinkles?” Allison asked the cat.
He didn't answer, but she unstrapped him out of the baby safety seat and set the fat feline gently on the ground nonetheless. Michael trotted into the weeds and the producer tried again. “Listen, we're going on the air in just a few minutes. How would you like to be on TV and tell what you know? You'll be famous.” (He said this like it was something wonderful)
“How much you gonna pay me?” Allison asked smiling.
He looked at her old somewhat dirty clothes and cart before saying, “How about five bucks?”
She laughed and started pushing her cart away from the news van.
“Okay, okay, how about twenty dollars? Please?”
“Show me the green,” she said grinning.
Hurrying, he pulled out his wallet and held up a crisp new twenty dollar bill. She grabbed for it and he pulled it away. “It's yours after the interview. If you really know anything, that is.”
“I know a lot of things,” Allison said, as she pushed her cart back toward the van.
Her cat sauntered after them.

*****

Trevor slowed the RV down to a crawl as they drove over rows of old railroad tracks and tried to avoid the biggest and most treacherous looking potholes.
Alice sat in the front passenger seat and looked for any sign of police or military vehicles.
Glancing at the navigation computer screen, he swore softly as the miles to destination readout slowly counted down. He had very much wanted to abandon Black Beauty, but eventually gave in to Dr. Anniston's stubborn refusal to abandon his home.
The houses along the old road varied very slightly. They were either boarded up and covered in gang graffiti or surrounded by young men who looked somewhat dangerous and also covered in gang graffiti tattoos.
He'd decided if they were going to be foolish enough to keep the RV they would have to take the least used, most indirect route to reach their destination. Traffic along the road was mostly made up of large dirty industrial trucks that preferred to straddle the two lane roadway rather than share.
Alice closed her eyes every time one of the big trucks drove by blasting its air horn.

Dr. Anniston had retired to his room at the rear of the RV after apologizing for his need to lie down. Alice thought he'd seemed exhausted and a little shaky as he went. Trevor was worried about his friend and employer. If he's able to get any rest back there with the blaring of truck horns and loud rap noises coming from the cars that pass by he's a better man than I am. This is madness. I'm probably leading us all to a death far more certain than the mad colonel had threatened earlier, he thought, as they drove through a rough neighborhood somewhere north of Birmingham.

A few minutes later, he slowed down and pulled to the curb by a public housing community.  He wanted to double check the computer screen map again. The street signs had apparently been stolen and he wanted to be sure of his directions before continuing.
A few seconds later, Alice gasped and grabbed his arm as he looked at the screen.
He looked up and saw several young men approaching the RV.
A big low riding red Cadillac convertible pulled alongside his driver window and in the passenger seat a teenage boy waved a small cheap looking pistol at him. The stereo in the car was thumping a heavy bass noise (some might consider music) which made the RV's windows rattle.
“Get down on the floor,” Trevor whispered, as he pulled his machine gun from where it rested on the center console.
Alice unsnapped her seat belt and dove down to the rich light brown carpeting, wishing she'd taken Anniston's advice about going to the airport earlier.

“Hey man, that's one big bad ride. You and your lady step out and I won't have to shoot it full of holes. You guys will be cool here, just give us the ride.”
In a pig's eye, Trevor thought, as he slid open the driver side window while feigning being hard of hearing. There might have been as many as twenty young men working up their courage and slowly closing in. A few of the boldest started stroking the front and right side of the RV.
Trevor cupped his left hand around his ear, in the classic old man not being able to hear posture, and pointed the machine gun at the car full of youngsters who thought they knew what being bad was all about. He opened fire and bullets shredded the dashboard and hood of the Cadillac to a Swiss Cheese consistency while shouting, “Sorry young man! I couldn't hear you over that booming noise coming from your stereo!”
The young men and teenagers took off running as the driver of the Cadillac stomped on the gas and drove quickly but quite erratically away. Within fifteen seconds the street was deserted once more.
Trevor smiled, patted Black Beauty's dashboard and drove south heading once more into Birmingham. Setting his gun within easy reach, he laughed softly while shaking his head saying, “Kids will be kids.”
Alice excused herself and went to the bathroom.


Lying on his bed Dr. Anniston flipped off the flat screen TV and smiled faintly. He'd watched the incident using a few of the closed circuit camera's they'd had installed on the RV and hadn't been worried, too much.
Over the many months of traveling across the great U S of A, they'd run into kids like that a few times before in a nearly a dozen different cities, and felt confident in Trevor's abilities for handling nearly every contingency. His only real concern had been that he might actually kill a few of the youngsters; instead he'd only murdered a disturbingly loud stereo. Neither man would lose any sleep over it.
Laying back on the bed, he tried to take stock of their options. His mind was racing in circles of confusion as he examined the problems. He knew his information was incomplete and more than once he thought of switching on the cell phone and calling Amalia or Admiral Branson but fought down the temptation. Deciding to hold off and make some calls from a traditional land line phone he felt more at peace. His eyes fluttered closed as Black Beauty rolled on.
Teetering on the precipice of sleep he heard the TV power on. He opened an eye and looked at it.

The screen was on yet there was no image, just blackness.
He was reaching for the remote control to shut it off again when he saw words slowly filling the screen. That made him open both eyes and sit up on the edge of the bed. They were identical in form and look to regular closed captioning text but the message was definitely unique.
'Dr. Anniston?'
The old man stared at the words and whispered, “Yes?”
'We need to talk with you. For your sake, we believe it better you not see us at this time. Do you understand who we are?'
He nodded slowly but had a suspicious look on his face.
'You suspect this is a trick or ruse. Perhaps designed by your military to discover your reaction to ALIENS. A loyalty test of some sort. Some might look upon this mentality as paranoia, but having witnessed Colonel Wilcox's behavior earlier we understand your uncertainty. Do you recall, while you were instructing Alice Weinstein how to dance you spotted a roach moving erratically?'
The old man's face paled as he finished reading the text. I didn't mention that to anyone. No one could know, unless- he thought, and placed his trembling hand on his forehead before nodding.
'If you need further proof take a look at the back of this television.'
Dr. Anniston stood shakily and turned on the bedside lamp before leaning forward. Behind the flat screen, he saw the power plug and various multicolored cables that ran to the closed circuit camera system and the small satellite dish mounted on the roof.
There was a flashing light near the connectors on the bottom of the TV. A small brown roach was flashing lights at him through its eyes as its antennae wiggled rapidly back and forth.

*****

Agent Simon Hicks caught up with the ambulance and followed it onto a small county road.  He looked at his watch and guessed he'd been following them for almost fifteen minutes when it turned onto a dirt road and pulled up next to a rusty trailer.
There was a shirtless young man, in his early twenties, with greasy long blond hair yelling at them to hurry up.
The ambulance driver and another man ran inside as Simon opened the door and after much straining and swearing got his legs out from under the dashboard and managed to stand up. He felt sore all over from being cramped in the small car for so long. Limping, he stomped his feet and tried to hurry across the trash and toy strewn yard.
A boy toddler with long greasy hair, wearing a soggy diaper that reeked of unspeakable foulness, met him at the trailer door. The boy had a finger wedged deeply in one nostril and a video game controller in the other hand.
Voices and shouts came from deeper inside the trailer.
He entered a living room filled with several large plastic planters containing marijuana plants ranging in size from seedlings to seven foot tall redwoods. They were so tall that the tops were bent over on the trailer's low ceiling.
I'm in Redneck Heaven, Hicks realized, following the voices down a hallway. A young man wearing an ambulance driver’s uniform nodded at Simon as he walked up.
“Did ‘ya see all the salad these guys got growing in the front room?”
Simon nodded back and looked into the room where the long haired man and the other ambulance driver were. He slammed his eyes shut and backed quickly away feeling sick.

Over the years he'd seen all manner of horrible things, but right now he would trade visions with any of them for what he'd just witnessed. He rubbed his eyes and stumbled down the hall as the grunting and swearing increased in volume behind him.
The ambulance driver called after him, “Hey guy, wanna help us pull this fat bitch out of the bathtub? She's really stuck in there. Little help?”

Simon ignored him and walked outside. I will not throw up? It wasn't that bad. Seen worse shit a million times, he thought unable to recall a single one at the moment, as he leaned against a rusty pickup truck with a small confederate battle flag hanging from the antenna. He tried to think of all the horrible things he'd witnessed, but they all were replaced by the image he had seared into his brain of the enormously obese naked woman stuck in the trailer's tiny bathtub. He grabbed onto the hood of the truck as vomit shot out and sprayed all over it.
The boy with the saggy diaper giggled, laughed, and clapped as Simon lost everything in his stomach.
He finished retching and wiped a thin line of vomit that hung from his lips to the multicolored, some might call artistic, design on the truck's hood. Simon stared at the large chunky puddle and spotted some grits drifting in the mess. Damn grits, he thought, while walking back to the Ford Pinto.

*****

“Tragedy has struck the small rural town of Ragland today, leaving one young man dead and one struggling for life. As you can see behind me, rescue and police officials are still on the scene,” Candace Rogers said, with an inappropriate smile on her face.
That was what they'd heard in the news van earlier from their police scanner and was all they knew for certain. The camera zoomed in on a fire truck and several police cars at the far end of the parking lot. A string of yellow plastic tape fluttered in the breeze around a rusty van that police officers were looking over.
“Details have been sketchy so far, as police continue their investigation. One witness has come forward to help us understand what's going on.” The camera zoomed back out showing the smiling reporter and a grinning middle aged black lady holding a fat black cat in her arms.
“Could you tell us what you know, Mrs.?”
“Told ya once already. Name is Allison Taylor,” she said, giving the reporter an irritated look.
“Yes, Mrs. Taylor,” the reporter said, looking a little annoyed. “Could you tell me what happened here this morning?” She moved the hand held microphone closer as Allison cleared her throat and smiled broadly at the camera.
“Well, earlier me and Michael was out collectin cans and a silver ghost ball rose up into the sky. I seen that same ghost thing maybe a dozen times over the last couple of weeks, but Barney Fyfe is the only cop who they send out here and he don't believe me. I called 911 and-”
“Well, that certainly is interesting but can you tell us more about what's going on down here at the school?” Candace interrupted.
“If you let me talk, I'll tell you. That's the problem with you young people today; Rush, rush, rush.” Michael Jackson hissed at the reporter as Allison continued. “Where was I? Now you done got Michael all upset.”
Out of camera range, the producer waved a twenty dollar bill so Allison could see it while the camera operator grinned and zoomed in on the angry cat's face.
“Take your time, Mrs. Taylor, just tell us what happened,” the reported said while the camera zoomed back out showing Allison and the cat.
“Well, while I was telling Fyfe about the ghost ball, a scream started. It was the worst thing I'd ever heard. It came from this direction, but we were down the road a ways when it started.”
“What kind of scream was it?”
Allison looked at the blonde haired young reporter as if she were an idiot for several seconds.
“What did it sound like?” The reporter clarified.
Allison took a deep breath and screamed as loud as she could into the microphone for a few seconds.
The deputy leaning on his car had been watching out of boredom and broke out laughing as other emergency personnel turned to see what was happening.
Candace stumbled back in surprise and almost fell.
The camera shook slightly as the man operating it tried not to laugh.
Candace quickly regained her composure and looked at the grinning Allison. “So that's what the scream sounded like?”
“Hell no. Ain't you listening? It was much louder and went on for a long time. Sounded like somebody roasting in Hellfire, I imagine. Anyways, Fyfe and a nice lady who was talking to me about the ghost balls took off to find whoever was hollering,” Allison said, before coughing. “You got any water? Think I hurt my voice screaming for you like that.”
The man who had been waving the twenty dollars reached into a small cooler and pulled out a bottle of water and handed it to the reporter. She handed it to Allison before asking another question. “Were you scared when the screams started?”
Allison gulped at the water with a finger raised, as if signaling just a second, before belching loudly.
Candace wrinkled her nose and looked slightly ill. The operator stepped back from the camera and laughed so hard his body shook.
“Was I scared? Lady, I almost pissed and shit my pants. How's that for scared?”
The cameraman and deputy both roared laughter.
“What happened next? And please watch your language. This is going out live,” Candace said, blushing brightly.
Allison looked embarrassed but continued. “Sorry everybody. Well, I pushed Mr. Jackson down here when more police cars and ambulances came.”
“Could I speak with Mr. Jackson? Does he have anything to say about all this?”
Allison grinned and moved the cat closer to the microphone. “This here's my cat, Mr. Michael Jackson. You can ask him anything you want, but he ain't much of a talker. But he's a great dancer and singer sometimes, especially when he's hungry for dinner.”
The cameraman fell on the ground and broke out laughing again.
Candace pulled the microphone away and looked at the camera. “Well if that's all you know, thank you Mrs. Taylor. We hope to have more details as soon as-”
“Just a second, Missy. I didn't get to tell you the best part. Heard tell Jake Chambers got stabbed and almost died. He plays football here. Hell of a player too.”
The operator regained his composure and quickly got back up. He turned the camera toward the police cars again and zoomed in.
“How do you know who was hurt?” Candace asked.
“A weird little girl named Betty told me. She disappeared a while back. That's all I know. Now, where's my twenty dollar?” Allison asked and walked abruptly off screen.


CHAPTER EIGHT: The new confederacy and dragons

“Try Anniston and Weinstein's phones again. How many cars did you send out looking for them?” Amalia asked holding the phone with one hand and taking notes with the other. “No don't contact the police! They ran off because Wilcox went nuts and attacked them. Involving the cops would only needlessly complicate things. Just find them and have them call me.” She ended the call and sighed.
Lighting a cigarette, she stared outside her temporary office window.
Troops were still agitated from the dramatic and unexpected exit of the big RV and rumors were spreading like wildfire about what was going on. Military police were being called in from all over the quarantine area to join in the search for Anniston's vehicle.
Looking up, she saw a nervous looking private standing at attention beside her door.
“Private Sandberg, right?” She asked, between puffs.
“Ma'am, yes ma'am,” he said, snapping even more to attention.
“Relax, Sandberg. You're not in trouble. Want a cigarette?”
“Yes ma'am. Thank you.”
“You were the last one to see Colonel Wilcox this morning, before he went ape shit. Did you notice anything odd?”
After pulling a cigarette out of the pack, he nodded. “He threw a sausage biscuit at me,” Sandberg said in an embarrassed tone of voice, before lighting the cigarette.
“Anything else?”
“He got a call and heard something that pissed him off. I overheard a lot of swearing and furniture being smashed. And that's when I decided to make myself scarce.”
“Did you see where Wilcox went after the RV left?”
“No ma'am. Sorry, but I was still making myself scarce.”
Amalia nodded before continuing. “Is there anything else you'd like to add?”
“Is it true Wilcox killed somebody?”
“No. He acted like a stupid moron, but I don't think he's killed anyone. At least I hope he hasn't. Go, rejoin your unit. I'll get in touch if I have any other questions. Just remember to call me if you see Wilcox.”
“Yes ma'am. Thank you, ma'am, he said, before quickly leaving her office.


Lines of cars snaked down the roads leading into Pinson like a trail of ants from the perspective of those looking down from several helicopters overhead. There was a no fly zone in place and news crews were careful not to cross it. One particular sleek dark green helicopter, with the words ARMY Intelligence written on its side, led the others.
Peering down through a dark tinted window was Colonel Aswan Hussein.
He shook his head looking down at groups of milling people growing thicker as they flew toward the perimeter. Thousands of people wanting nothing more than return to their homes were becoming more frustrated every day as the investigation into the explosion dragged on.

Reporters interviewed angry people living in tent cities almost within eyesight of their homes. The situation was becoming more tense as reports of children falling ill with everything from the flu to cholera were being broadcast on every news station across America and around the world.
A hastily organized group of people calling itself the New Confederacy was slowly growing in number as more residents demanded to go home. A spokesman wearing a gray jacket with a confederate battle flag stitched to the back expressed the feelings of more and more people as the helicopters flew by at an impromptu press conference. “We want to go home!” He yelled, from the bed of his pickup truck.
A small sea of flags fluttered in the breeze around him. Most were the stars and stripes, but several were confederate battle flags; the same type used by the south during the civil war.
“Our children are dying and the government doesn't give a damn about any of us! We have rights! We have responsibilities to our families and neighbors.”
A cheer went up from the crowd, as he paused to sip from his can of beer.
Pointing at the distant checkpoint where national guardsmen stood behind the barricade, he continued. “Do you see any of them wearing masks or respirators anymore? If they can breathe the air in our town why can't we? We've all heard the reporters and even the president say the danger zone is small and contained. So, why are we being forced to live like refugees outside of our own town? We are not animals! We want to go home!”
People in the crowd spontaneously picked up his last statement and started chanting it as they turned and walked toward the barricade. Thousands of people of all ages joined voices as the walk quickly became a march. As they headed toward the checkpoint they chanted, “We want to go home!”
Others, stuck in traffic, began honking their horns each time the crowd shouted “home”.

With most of the military police searching for the RV, regular national guard reinforcements were quickly summoned to the barricades and cases of tear gas were opened and readied. The troops were young and never imagined themselves being confronted by thousands of their own enraged countrymen. Word was sent word through the ranks that Colonel Wilcox had ordered the protesters not be allowed to breach the perimeter under any circumstances. Permission was granted for live fire if necessary.
A very nervous captain standing on top of an armored personnel carrier used a bullhorn to address the growing group of marchers, but their combined chanting overwhelmed it. “This is a military zone! Do not attempt to cross the barricades or you may be fired upon!” And without realizing what an ironically stupid thing it was to say, he infuriated the approaching crowd by saying, “Go home!”
People screamed in fury and charged the ranks of troops. Most were tired of being forced out of their homes and many thought the captain's ill chosen command to “go home” was the perfect excuse to follow orders. Waves of men, women, and children surged forward as the helicopter carrying Colonel Aswan flew toward the staging area and landed in front of the Pigs Pride supermarket.

Orders were given that tear gas be dispersed into the crowd and soldiers quickly donned their masks and fired. Shiny metallic cans flew through the blue sky trailing white plumes of gas. Only half a dozen were launched into the massive crowd, but it was more than enough to trigger a monumental disaster.
The protesters were so tightly packed against one another that when the gas enveloped them there was nowhere to go. Parents quickly lost track of their children in the throngs of screaming and terrified people.
Guardsmen looked on in sympathy, a few in horror, as their countrymen turned like a wave and ran blindly away trampling a great many people.


Thirty minutes later the tally count was estimated to be two hundred minor injuries, thirty-four serious, and twelve deaths. The dead included eight children under the age of ten and four adults who had died of asphyxiation and or internal injuries caused by the stampede of humanity.
General Heller sat behind his desk holding a phone to his ear as he watched a large flat screen TV on the wall of his office.
There was a mother kneeling in the road holding her dead daughter's body. Tears rolled down unchecked as she stroked the girl's hair. Around them, scattered across the road near the barricades, there were dropped banners and signs with the words WE WANT TO GO HOME! There were flags, both American and Confederate, lying scattered on the ground and countless other personal items abandoned when the tear gas was released.
Heller had muted the TV as he watched the footage on one of the cable news channels while continuing to hold the phone tightly against his ear.
His superiors had called within minutes of the 'Pinson Massacre', as some in the news media were already calling it.
Colonel Abrahms was visible on the TV along with dozens of national guard and civilian medical personnel as they tried to help the injured.

“Yes sir.  I understand.” These were the only words General Heller had managed to say over the last fifteen minutes as he was being chewed out for allowing a public relations nightmare to unfold under his command. He set the phone down gently and switched off the TV.
His face was flushed almost crimson as he drummed his fingers on his desk before looking up at Colonel Aswan Hussein. The helicopter carrying him in had landed at the same time the tear gas had been released on the people.

Earlier, Heller had a few minutes look over Aswan's military record and was impressed. In his mid forties Aswan was a graduate from West Point, had served numerous tours in Iraq and Afghanistan, spoke nine languages, and was the recipient of a dozen medals and citations. Heller looked at him for several seconds before speaking. “Colonel, you are now officially responsible for taking over the duties of Colonel Wilcox. I've signed the orders,” Heller said, cleared his throat and continued. “In addition to everything else, you will be temporarily in command of this operation.
I have been ordered back to the Washington to explain our findings regarding the explosion and also how this colossal fuck up out there could have happened.” He sighed, and rubbed at his chin thoughtfully.
“I'll be taking your helicopter to the airport, but first I have to address the news media to offer my apologies for the deaths. You may use my office while I'm gone,” he said, looking slightly annoyed at the prospect.
“There is one thing I want you to do before anything else, colonel. Here are the orders for Colonel Wilcox's arrest,” Heller said, handing Aswan a folder of papers. “Get together with Abrahms. He's head of the Military Police. Give him the orders when he's done helping clear up the mess at the perimeter. He'll find Wilcox and have him placed under arrest.
He's either gone insane or...” Heller let the rest of the sentence peter out as he stood and shook hands with Hussein. “Do you have any questions?”
“No sir. I understand completely,” Aswan said softly.


After the general picked up his briefcase and left, Aswan sat behind his desk and turned on the TV. He watched the news footage of the injured being taken to hospitals and the dead covered in blankets lined up in neat rows and smiled as he leaned back in the general's very comfortable leather chair.

His legs felt like needles and pins were stabbing him one moment and then numb from being in one position for too long, but Colonel Wilcox smiled grimly despite this. Looking through the tightly spaced wooden slats of General Heller's closet door, he had his hand lightly resting on his Colt pistol. With a secretive slightly insane grin on his face, he watched Aswan making himself comfortable behind Heller's desk.
After Anniston's departure, he'd overheard rumors that he would be arrested and tried to think of the best course of action. He'd decided he needed to do some reconnaissance and had a plan.
When Heller went to meet Aswan's helicopter he sneaked in to his office and had managed to plant a few electronic eavesdropping bugs but then been trapped when they returned sooner than he'd expected.
The general's closet was cramped yet it had worked out all for the best because now he knew they were all crazy. Call me insane. Try to arrest me? For running off some old fart and worthless bitch that I caught red handed wasting time dancing while the world's caving in around us? Doesn't anyone get it except me? We've got aliens or terrorists; Or who knows, maybe alien terrorists planning to destroy America. And now we've got thousands of idiot rednecks marching around, Wilcox thought angrily.

Several minutes later he heard the helicopter revving louder as General Heller left. Watching Aswan walk across the office Wilcox almost pulled the gun and shot him right then, but waited as his would be replacement locked the door to the hallway. Aswan closed the blinds and pulled the curtains shut on the windows as Wilcox watched and wondered what was going on.
Setting his metallic briefcase on the desk, Aswan placed his fingertips along the top edge and there was a loud click. He pulled out a small milky white cube and placed it on the desk. Placing his finger tips on it, the cube glowed a brilliant purple and began to emit a high pitched sound that made Wilcox cover his ears and close his eyes almost completely to keep the bright light from blinding him.
The high pitched noise gradually faded as did the cube's brightness.
Wearing a pair of oddly shaped sunglasses, Aswan smiled as he walked to the lamp and pulled out one of the nearly invisible bug devices Wilcox had hidden there earlier. Crossing to the bookshelf, he reached up on top and removed another one. Going back to the desk, he pulled the last one out of the coffee cup filled with pens and pencils.
What the...How the Hell? Wilcox wondered, as he watched Aswan place the devices in his briefcase.

Colonel Hussein sat back behind the desk and pulled the softly glowing purple cube close to his face. Lowering his voice he spoke into it. “I am on site and in command.”
A guttural voice came from the cube in a language Wilcox couldn't identify. As the sounds continued the cube pulsed in rhythm. It continued for several seconds before Aswan spoke again.
“I'll install the transceiver if I can't get it taken care of today. I believe with what happened here earlier, with the deaths, I can convince them to shut down or at least reduce the scope of their military operations.
There has been one other interesting development here. It seems my predecessor already took care of Anniston's work group.”
The cube emitted another long series of guttural sounds.
Aswan laughed and said, “No such luck. Wilcox didn't kill him but neither of them should be a concern any longer. The idiot managed to piss off Heller so much that he left orders that he be placed under arrest.
I need to go out and inspect the explosion site soon and examine what they've discovered. If it was just human terrorists it's all good, if it's something else I'll eliminate the evidence and let you know what we are up against.”
The cube flashed brightly then went dark. Aswan placed it back in his briefcase locked it, and stood up. He smiled as the footage on the TV showed the line of covered dead bodies and laughed as the reporter spoke of the grieving families.

Under the cover of Aswan's laughter, Wilcox opened the door and crept across the room behind him. Holding his gun ready to fire, he stopped and reached for the Revolutionary War souvenir that served as a paperweight that General Heller had on the corner of his desk. It was a heavy rusty metal cannon ball that his wife had given him for Christmas several years earlier. Wilcox lifted it up and crept closer to Aswan.
In the reflection of the TV screen, Aswan caught a glimpse of movement behind him. He started to turn as Wilcox brought down the paperweight. There was a solid thunk sound and Aswan collapsed on the carpet.
Wilcox stared in horror and fascination as Hussein's face began to morph into a visage that could in no way be mistaken as human.

*****

Typical Saturday afternoon traffic around the urban campus of the University of Alabama at Birmingham is notably less than during the week and Trevor hated it. The RV would still stick out in heavier traffic, but with no traffic at all he felt decidedly conspicuous.
Ahead on the left, a large indoor arena came into view as Black Beauty rumbled down the nearly deserted city streets.
Alice asked him to wait while she went to see if a former student of hers was in.
Feeling like he was driving a giant flashing neon sign, he reluctantly agreed and watched as she ran toward the office area of the large brick arena.
He looked warily around for signs of the army or police and tensed momentarily as a campus squad car cruised by. Sliding open the driver side window, he listened to the breeze and almost a dozen college kids talking and laughing while tossing a football around in a small park across the street. Everything seemed peaceful enough as he pulled his machine gun off the console between the seats and reloaded it.

Alice stopped a security officer and asked if her friend Rebecca Amos was at work today. Lying, she explained that she was supposed to meet her but had run late.
He was sympathetic and let her use his phone to call her.
Minutes later, a woman in her late twenties wearing a sweatshirt with a dragon on the front came out of the arena.
The officer excused himself as the women hugged and started chatting.
They went to Rebecca's office. It was small and every wall was covered in posters promoting various UAB athletic departments. After a few minutes of chit chat Alice got down to why she was there. “Rebecca, I need a favor. Remember when you told me in an email a few months ago you helped coordinate the artwork for the university's athletic department? You said something about having ordered too many decals or something because the school ended up selling one of their buses.”
“One? They sold three of them. It was because of budget cuts and pro-ration. And they didn't let us know that until after we'd ordered the decals. So, now I'm stuck with a storage closet full of enough stuff to decorate three buses. And my supervisor blames me even though he signed off on the order. I've managed to sell some of the smaller stuff, but who'd want to buy a bunch of giant decals?”
“I might,” Alice said, slipping her wallet out of her purse.

Ten minutes later, Trevor saw a large metal garage door on the side of the arena building rumble open. Alice and a woman he didn't know walked out. They waved at him and gestured for him to drive the RV inside.
Once inside the enormous underground garage, he saw a nearly a dozen buses parked against the walls. The giant florescent lights flickered on as he drove into an empty parking space.

After Trevor was introduced they looked at the storage closet full of decals and quickly realized they had a problem.
“Sure, they're big enough but how do we put them on the RV? The little ones wouldn't be a problem but the big ones would take hours and probably give me a heart attack,” Trevor said.
Rebecca smiled and pulled out her cell phone. “If you have a few dollars I know some college kids who are always looking to make a few bucks. Say the word and they'll have you decorated and ready to roll in about an hour.”
Thinking of the safe aboard the RV they had for emergencies, Trevor nodded. “How much do you think it would cost?”
“About two hundred if you want it done fast.”
“Okay, make your calls. And if they ask about what they're doing just say it's for an alumnae or something,” Trevor said, staring at the unrolled giant green dragon decal with large lettering under it spelling out UAB Blazers.

*****

Sally clicked her tongue at her cat, Tom Sawyer, as she climbed down the porch steps. The cat turned his head a bit and yawned hugely.
The old lady walked across the lawn heading for the storage shed where she thought there might be a few boxes of winter clothes that should fit Betty. Leaves crackled under her fuzzy green slippers and she couldn't resist kicking them a bit as she went.
The cat stretched before meandering after her.
If she'd remembered the possibility of there being some clothes in the shed, before he drove into town, she would have had Thomas come along to kill off any nasty spiders that might be lurking in the darkness. She wasn't really afraid of spiders as much as hated them. Clutching a can of bug spray in one hand and a key to the shed's padlock in the other, Sally felt more than ready to deal with any dangerous arachnids.
Tom meowed up at her as she worked the key into the rusty padlock. It was difficult to get it to slide in and even harder to turn. She tucked the can of spray under her armpit and swore quietly as she wrestled with the lock until it finally snapped open.

She shook the can for several seconds before opening the old wooden door. It creaked loudly when she pushed and only moved a few inches. The hinges were in desperate need of oil and she made a mental note to get Thomas to do it when he came home. Not wanting to take any chances with bugs, she sprayed inside through the partly opened doorway for a few seconds before leaning against the stubborn door.
The cat sneezed and backed away as the old woman grunted and pushed. The door swung open easily after grudgingly moving along another inch or so. It slammed back against the wall and something clattered to the floor behind it.
She coughed as a combination of dust and bug spray filled her old lungs. Backing up a few steps, she coughed for several seconds before managing to catch her breath. “Tom, I must be the most chicken brained old lady in the county,” she said, while looking at the cat that was playing with some leaves a few feet away. “You could argue with me, ya know.”

She felt the breeze and inhaled deeply before turning back to the open doorway. Feeling along the wall, she found and flicked on the light switch. A dusty bare light bulb hanging from a rafter dispelled some of the darkness. The shed had once been used as a garage but over the decades it had filled up with so many treasures and junk that it was impossible to imagine fitting a car inside without having a huge yard sale first.
Looking at the dozens of crates and cardboard boxes stacked and lined up beyond the lawnmower she whistled appreciatively. It reminded her of a scene from a movie with an archaeologist and adventurer where something (she couldn't recall exactly what) was stored in a giant warehouse. She hummed a snatch of tune she recalled from the movie and brandished the can of bug spray as she tottered inside. Looking at the old riding lawn mower, she wondered how many years it had been since Thomas had used it rather than pay the neighborhood kids to cut the grass.
The cat smelled something inside that it didn't like and hissed softly from the open doorway.

*****

Police and other emergency personnel turned away from the backwash of wind and dust kicked up by the helicopter when it landed at the Ragland High School parking lot. In moments, Jake was strapped down on a gurney and rushed aboard. Seconds after the door slammed shut the helicopter leaped skyward and was heading toward Birmingham.
Agent Shannon Mendez felt tired and was sick of answering questions.
Technically, she didn't have to but out of professional courtesy she played along with the inquisitive members of local law enforcement. The only question she wouldn't answer was why she was in town in the first place. When pressed, she mentioned overhearing Deputy Fulton's radio call about a ghost sighting and upon hearing screams nearby tagged along.
Deputy Fulton had been in and out of consciousness, but agreed with her version of what happened when he was lucid enough to talk. Investigators checked the deputy's dashboard video camera and saw what had happened as well. Upon review, there was considerable discussion about Kenny when he seemed undeniably dead (complete with intestines strewn out on the pavement) crawling after Orlando and grabbing his foot.
Mendez hadn't commented as they speculated on what had happened. She watched the tape and saw the resolution wasn't very clear. When the moment came where she had seen the roach crawl out of the dead boy's ear she was relieved to note the dashboard camera hadn't picked it up.

Orlando had been taken away earlier and police began returning to their regular patrols as Mendez leaned against the side of her SUV. She heard a soft whining and spotted the dog from earlier sitting nearby.
It was staring in the direction the helicopter had gone.
Reaching through the open passenger side window, she grabbed the bag of beef jerky her partner Hicks had left inside.
“Hi pooch. Want some?” She asked softly, approaching the dog while holding out the heavily salted beef product.
Frodo sniffed at the jerky and then looked up at her. His eyes were one of the saddest things she'd ever seen. He licked at it but wouldn't take it from her hand.
She dropped it in front of the dog.
Ignoring it, Frodo instead looked up at the sky in the direction the helicopter had taken Jake.
She felt liked crying as she squatted down and gently stroked the dog's head.

A deputy walked up and cleared his throat to announce his presence.
“Excuse me, Agent Mendez, but the captain asked me to check again about Deputy Fulton's digital camera. We've searched the area and it's just not anywhere. Are you certain you haven't seen it?”
Still stroking the dog's head, she turned and said, “I never saw it. Maybe it got taken with the prisoner or maybe it went with the kid going to the hospital. Hell, who knows? Maybe one of the paramedics or firemen took it.”
“Um, yes ma'am. Thanks again for all your help. You think that dog belongs to the hurt kid?”
She nodded but didn't say anything.
There was an awkward silence before the deputy turned and went back to help finish wrapping up the crime scene.

“Come on, big boy. You're going with me,” Mendez said, holding the dog's collar and leading him to the SUV.
Frodo stood on the passenger seat as she climbed behind the wheel.
After making sure the police couldn't see, she reached into her jacket pocket and pulled out a small digital camera with the word Fulton written on the back in black ink.

*****

Agent Hicks checked his pockets for a breath mint or gum but only found a few coins and some lint. The taste of vomit filled his mouth and he felt steadily worse while driving back the way he'd come when following the ambulance earlier. He stopped in the parking lot of a boarded up gas station and checked the glove box and found it stuffed with hundreds, perhaps thousands, of gasoline receipts but no gum or mints. Opening the door, he leaned out and spit some foul tasting saliva on the ground.
As he shut the door, his stomach rumbled unhappily and he slowly realized something important. He wasn't actually certain where he was. Looking up and down the two lane county road he saw pine trees standing along the sides and some sort of unidentifiable road kill which was giving off an unpleasant aroma.
He slammed his fist against the top of the dashboard out of frustration and dust billowed up, filling the small car. Holding his breath, he reached for the window crank and saw the bit of jagged metal where he'd accidentally snapped it off earlier.
“Damn it!” He yelled before coughing on the dust filled air.
Climbing out of the car, he inhaled the rich fragrance of pine trees and rotting road kill before spitting again. I really hate this; ALL of this! He thought, while savagely kicking the Pinto's front fender. I hate the south! It's overflowing with inbred rednecks! Plus, there's fat naked trailer trash pot heads stuck in bathtubs! I hate it! I hate it! I hate it!

He'd been busily kicking the car repeatedly and didn't hear the man in the truck the first time he'd hollered. “Hey mister! You okay!?” A middle aged man yelled, again. He was driving an old truck with a refrigerator and bed mattresses tied down in the back. Four kids, none older than seven, were in the back bouncing on the mattresses and laughing.
“Piss off!” Hicks yelled back.
The driver shot him a bird and drove off.
Then, remembering a little too late that he was still lost, he yelled, “Hey wait, wait!”
The truck's tires spun as the driver quickly left him behind in a cloud of car exhaust and dust.
Coughing and swearing, Hicks went to the passenger side and opened the door. He turned the window crank and miraculously the window opened.
A squirrel that had been on the roof of the gas station for the last couple of minutes watched as Hicks went back around to the driver side and got behind the wheel. Beside the squirrel, a roach jumped and fell through the car's open window as Hicks started the engine. The bug quickly crawled under the dashboard as the car sped off. The squirrel watched for a few more seconds before turning and running away.

*****

Anniston could hear several college kids laughing and talking while they worked to disguise his mobile retirement home but his attention for the last thirty minutes had been focused only on the TV hanging on the wall of his bedroom. He'd learned several interesting things, yet whatever else the aliens were they were stubborn and frustrating when it came to the central question he'd asked several times in different ways. Why are you here on Earth?
He considered what little they'd hinted at regarding their presence as he sipped from a cup of tea. Research of the human race. It was a reasonable statement, as far as it went, but he felt there was something more that whoever he was communicating with would not divulge.
He pointed out that despite people's various complexities and absurdities they were hardly secretive. A few days spent on the internet would offer a neatly packaged look at a huge landscape of almost every aspect of humanity. Ranging from a disturbingly large range of pornographic deviancy to almost any of the schools of higher learning and everything imaginable along the way.
No, Anniston decided, there was something else that his new friend would not address.

He'd been shown a video that answered all his questions regarding the Pinson explosion. At the climactic moment, when the woman slammed down the heavy wooden cutting board, he'd been so immersed that he almost screamed when she doomed the tiny rovers as well as herself and people for miles around. The perspective of the video made him feel how small they were in a land filled with giant humans.
The closest he could come to imagining their viewpoint would be if he were inexplicably cast back to the age of dinosaurs. He shuddered as he envisioned himself trying to survive while enormous lizards stomped around looking for a meal. Whatever else these visitors may be, he decided, they were phenomenally brave or fearless living in a land filled with lumbering giants such as himself.

Of all the things he'd seen them write on the TV screen, it was in answer to his question “Why come forward to me?” that he felt equally doubtful of their sincerity and undeniably honored. They explained in their society the eldest were considered the most intelligent and wise.
From that viewpoint, he made a most sensible candidate considering he had been the oldest human they'd encountered. It made sense but he still had a nagging doubt.
He looked at the TV. It had been empty of words since he'd asked for a break to consider what they'd said so far. Finishing his tea, he cleared his throat and recognized an idea that had been scratching at the back of his mind since they'd first started communicating with him. With effort he pushed the thought away and considered his options, while asking, “Are you there?”
Instantly, one word appeared on the TV screen, 'Yes'
“Do you have a name? So far, you've used the word we, rather than I. Are you individuals like humans or something more like a collective?”
The screen remained black for several seconds and he wondered if he'd made some sort of intergalactic faux pas before words once more filled the screen.
'Our species does not have individualism in the way humanity does. That is not to say we are a collective mentality precisely but we are much more alike than not. For example, the concept of murder amongst ourselves does not exist. It would be akin to you wanting to kill your arm. Many human ideals are so alien to us that we have reached an impasse regarding the ultimate fate of mankind.'
Uh oh, he thought, rereading the last sentence. Rubbing his chin slowly he tried to not panic. “Excuse me. I haven't slept for quite awhile, maybe it's just fatigue, but that last phrase about mankind's ultimate fate concerns me greatly. Is that a threat?”
The screen remained blank for nearly a minute before words again started to appear.
'We do not make threats. There are a number of issues that relate to the fate of humanity; we are but one of them. The other two of greatest import include the non humans living amongst you and humanity's tendency toward idiocy in general. Our problem of coexistence with humanity is simple.
Imagine you lived on a tropical island where there is plentiful food, water, and no dangers from wildlife. It would be a paradise except many other inhabitants do idiotic and damaging things to the island that threaten your life.
A small amount of idiocy would not necessarily threaten you but an alarming growth of it would. If you could not change the idiots and could not leave the island you would have a choice. Allow them to destroy you and the island or remove them from the equation.'

With so much to take in, the old man leaned back and retrieved his smoking pipe and pouch of tobacco. He lit the pipe and considered how to proceed. Puffing meditatively, he was about to speak when there was a knock on his door.
The TV screen turned off and Dr. Anniston was sort of glad for the interruption.
“Yes, come in.”
“Sorry to bother you, but I smelled smoke and wanted to talk with you if you don't mind,” Trevor said, standing in the doorway.
“That's quite alright. I was just thinking.”
“Would you like to see what Black Beauty looks like now?” Trevor asked, with a slight smile.
“Yes, I think stretching my legs for a bit might be a good idea,” he said, standing and walking to the open door while staring at the dark TV screen. He shook his head while recalling a film he'd seen countless times, including a version of it that was modified somewhat by a comedy group called Mystery Science Theater 3000; This Island Earth.


CHAPTER NINE: Perverts and pigs

Amalia turned off the TV in her office. She was sick of the seemingly endless parade of injured, dead and grieving civilians on the news channels. Sirens could be heard in the distance near the barricades. Ambulances and cars were still ferrying the wounded to area hospitals. A rumor was going around that it had been Wilcox who had ordered the tear gas to be used. If it turned out to be true, she'd add that to the long list of reasons to hate him.
General Heller called her after the hastily organized press conference where he'd made a sincere apology for what happened. She crossed the parking lot to the general's field headquarters which consisted of several interconnected double wide trailers in front of the Pig's Pride supermarket. Two soldiers watching the front door checked her identification before allowing her entrance.

Several old metal desks filled nearly all of the main room. A small path wandered through the desks. Sitting at all but one were harried looking young soldiers who were addressing calls from all over.
There was a senator would not believe General Heller had left and angrily demanded to speak to him. Reporters and local police departments took up the attention of the rest of the communication department with requests for information.
Even as Amalia worked her way through the narrow path, the phones continued to ring while the soldiers tried to deal with the aftermath of the unprecedented civilian tragedy. On the other side of the room, Amalia saw a sergeant who was furiously chewing on an unlit cigar while beating savagely at a computer keyboard. A small placard on his desk identified him as the information officer. He ignored her when Amalia stood in front of him. She waited for almost a minute before speaking up. “I need to see Colonel Hussein.”
“He's busy. I'm busy. We're all very busy today. Try back tomorrow,” he said, without looking up.
“I understand that but this is important.”
The sergeant grunted and finally looked up. Amalia was holding open her federal identification card and smiling her most shark-like grin. “I'd appreciate your help sergeant. I really need to see him, now.”
Taking the cigar out of his mouth, he rubbed at his chin and looked uncertain. “I could call and see if he can spare a few minutes. But he left word not to bother him.”
“If he has a problem with you interrupting him, I'll take the blame. Just make the call,” Amalia said, dropping her shark grin.
“Yes ma'am.”


The phone rang and Colonel Wilcox nearly screamed.
Despite Aswan being securely tied up in the high backed leather chair, his nerves were scraped raw. Wilcox had found a long extension power cord in the closet and wrapped it tightly around Aswan's legs, arms, and torso. He looked at his inhuman face and wondered how far up in the government they'd infiltrated and who or what exactly 'they' were.
Aswan's curly dark hair and basic shape of his head had remained unchanged when he'd been knocked out. But it was his face that disturbed Wilcox most deeply. He'd seen a lot of ugly people over the course of his life, even a few with noses similar to pigs but never one who looked like a full fledged swine before. When he placed a gag in Aswan's mouth he was careful not to touch the long wickedly sharp looking tusks he had.
He was tempted to just kill him but fought down the temptation as he considered conducting an interrogation. He'd been working on what questions to ask when the phone rang.
Glancing at the small screen on the phone, he saw it was the information officer who was calling. Wilcox tried to imitate Aswan's voice when he picked up. “What do you want? I said I was busy and not to be disturbed,” Wilcox said in a bad impression that sounded like a combination of a New Delhi technical support operator and a falsetto feminine voice.
He listened and made noncommittal grunting sounds where appropriate as he listened.
Trust was not a characteristic Wilcox had ever been accused of having an overabundance of. Amalia may not be in on this conspiracy but if she is who can I trust? There's got to be someone but who?
He told the information officer to have her come back in an hour and hung up. Wilcox turned back to Aswan and saw his piggy pink eyes staring back with undeniable hatred.
Wilcox smiled and whispered, “So, you're the swine they got to replace me?”

*****

The crowds had swollen as noon approached. People were everywhere around the dealership parking lot and almost everyone was eating at least one hotdog. Children were being given balloon animals that the receptionist dressed as a clown made. She wasn't a trained nor licensed balloon sculptor and as a result most of the animals were snakes or worms, but the kids were happy nonetheless.
WRAG's party van was parked by a small stage and Howling Harry, the radio station's weekday morning personality, was doing a live remote while handing out bumper stickers and promotional hats to people who lined up for the 'privilege' of meeting him. The large speakers on top of the van played out a steady stream of classic rock and roll; the majority of which had a car or driving motif.
The grills, over by the maintenance department, were roasting up a veritable hot dog feast as the aroma drifted across the crisp fall air. A few people had fallen ill with cramps and nausea early on and since then Sonny James had ordered the hotdogs to be cooked to an almost burnt consistency. The reason was simple.
He knew the hot dogs could make people sick if not well cooked.

Standing on the small stage wearing a large red apron, Sonny looked over a sheet of sales figures and smiled. After only three hours they'd sold seven cars.
A salesman offered him a hotdog and Sonny laughed while shaking his head and patting his belly explaining that he had to watch his girlish figure. The truth was he was starving but wouldn't dare eat any of them.
A business friend who owned the Happy Hog Slaughterhouse and processing plant had provided him with the hot dogs, almost 10,000 of them, at almost no cost.
Earlier that month a federal safety inspector had denied the wieners certification to be sold. Some of them had been discovered to have traces of E-Coli and Salmonella. The inspector suggested that they could be donated to a charity or given away if the recipients were warned to fully cook them.
The owner was unhappy about the idea of giving away almost perfectly good hot dogs. It wasn't until his teenage son had brought up the subject of getting him a car that inspiration struck.
Sonny had promised not to mention where the hotdogs came from and received them in exchange for an extremely good deal on a used Buick. He wasn't worried about the possibility of a few people getting a stomach virus. After all, people get what they pay for and considering the hot dogs were free his conscience was clear.
He smiled down as a fat kid waddled by with three hot dogs- two in one hand and the third quickly disappearing into his mouth.

Sonny waved at WRAG's Howling Harry, as he walked to the microphone on the stage, and Harry nodded back. The speakers stopped playing classic rock and a few seconds of feedback whined out as Sonny cleared his throat and put on his most sincere smile.
“Howdy folks! As some of you may know, my name is Sonny James and I just wanted to thank you all for coming out and visiting us today. We still have plenty of hotdogs so please eat up!”
Some in the crowd cheered and wandered toward the grills as Sonny continued. “I'm so happy you could all come by today. A while ago I was talking to Bubba Joe, he's one our crackerjack mechanics, and he made a suggestion I wanted to run by you folks,” he lied with practiced ease. “Those folks over in Palmerdale and Pinson have been hurting something awful since those cowardly terrorists set off that bomb last week and I wanted to show how much we here in Ragland care.
Bubba Joe suggested we have a contest and the winner gets this like-new 1985 Yugo,” he said, making a grand sweeping gesture to an old car in front of the stage. “It's a fine, gas sipping, low mileage, car and today we're going to practically be giving it away. For just five dollars, most of which will be going to the disaster relief fund, you can have a chance to guess how many coffee beans are in the water cooler jug that my secretary Angie is bringing up to the stage right now.”
A rather pretty girl in her mid twenties walked up on stage.
Nearly all the men and teenage boys in the crowd cheered when they saw she was wearing cut off blue jeans shorts and a tight red T-shirt with the words Sonny James Used Cars Where We Treat YOU Like Family written on it. She carried a large see through plastic jug half filled with coffee beans and smiled down at the crowd.
“Angie will be up here on stage while I go chow down on a few more yummy hot dogs. Give her your five dollar donation to get a slip of paper and write down your guess on how many beans are in the jar. The closest guess wins the car. And remember you're being a good neighbor, whether you win or lose, because helping out God's children in a time of need is always rewarded one way or another.” Sonny looked down briefly and wiped at the corner of his bone dry eye before concluding with, “God Bless America, and God Bless all of you, my friends and neighbors.”
Howling Harry rejoined regular programming and Don McLean’s American Pie drifted across the parking lot as Sonny smiled and went back inside thinking, I couldn't sell that damn car in seven years. And today not only will it be gone, but if just a couple hundred people pay to take a guess I'll actually be making a few bucks. God Bless America.

Thomas McGee was eating his fourth hotdog as he lined up for a chance to guess how many coffee beans were in the jar. A tired looking woman stood in front of him and held the hands of two young children.
She'd looked at cars for a couple of hours and thought she found the perfect one until the salesman ran her credit and said there was no way she could get it. A few days earlier her old car's engine had seized up and she didn't have anywhere near the money needed to fix it. Her little boy was complaining of a stomach ache and her seven year old daughter was tired and kept leaning back against the old man standing behind them.
Thomas put on his best innocent grandfatherly smile and spoke up. “You look tired little lady. Here, let me help.” And before the woman could say anything Thomas picked up the girl and rested her against his chest.
The little girl snuggled against him as the mother looked momentarily worried. “You really don't have to do that. I mean... she's much too heavy. We should probably just go home anyway.”
“Nonsense. She can't weigh more than a dozen Bibles. I'm Thomas. I help out down at the First Holy Redeemer Primitive Baptist Church and trust me I've carried much heavier loads for the Lord, although certainly none as sweet,” he lied with a sincere looking smile on his wrinkled face.
“Are you sure?”
“A burden is never a burden if you're serving the Lord.”
“Well, thank you, Thomas,” she said, before bending over to swat her son on the backside for whining about his stomach hurting.
“It's my pleasure,” the old man said, holding the small girl tightly and sniffing her hair whenever the mother wasn't looking.
“How many beans do you reckon are in there?” She asked, holding tightly to her son's wrist.
The boy was pulling harder and kept saying the word bathroom repeatedly.
“Maybe a few thousand,” Thomas said, while watching the boy as a devious thought bloomed like a prickly, foul smelling, weed in a vacant lot. “Ya know, ma'am, I could keep your place in line if you want to take your little man to the restroom.”
She looked at the line of blue and green plastic port-o-potties nearly a hundred yards away, that the dealership had put out for the occasion, and sighed before looking at the boy with her eyebrows harshly drawn back. “You really gotta go?”
“Yes mama. Gotta go bad. Please,” he said drawing out the last word as if his very life depended on it.
She looked at Thomas and for a second she had a doubt. It was an itchy ill-formed thought in the back of her mind. The old man seemed harmless enough as her daughter snored peacefully in his arms with her mouth hanging open. And surely he wouldn't do anything to her, especially with thousands of people milling around. I'm just being paranoid.
“Thank you. We'll be right back. Come on, Paul, and for God's sake will you please stop whining,” she said walking him through the crowds.

Thomas looked around and saw no one seemed to have been paying any attention to what had just happened. The men behind him were talking about something they'd heard on the radio regarding a death at the high school and the people in front of him were joking around about the value of the Yugo.
Although it was almost cool, with a slight breeze, he broke out in a sweat as the little girl slept peacefully against his chest. I can't believe she left her daughter with me. Doesn't that woman understand how many perverts are around, he thought, feeling his heart beating faster. If the girl were a bit older maybe I could... I'd never hurt a child, but maybe while she was asleep I could do something. My truck's not very far away. It would only take a minute and we'd be back before her mother returned. Oh God forgive me, I can't help it. I've got to do it.
He shuddered and turned to step out of line.

*****

Cobwebs coated the bare light bulb making the gloomy shed difficult to navigate for the old woman. Sally had found dozens of interesting things she'd almost forgotten about; a regular treasure trove from decades passed.
She discovered a tall plywood cutout of the Easter Bunny complete with a basket of multicolored eggs that they used to put out in the yard when their kids had been young. Despite having been in storage for almost two decades, it was in remarkably good shape. The painted colors were a little dulled with time, but she thought with a little touch up it would look as good as new.
Smiling at the bunny, Sally went to another badly deteriorated cardboard box with the rather unhelpful words 'old clothes' written on the side. It had been duct taped shut and she struggled to get it open. Wish I'd thought to bring a knife or something, she thought, using a fingernail to pick at the stubborn tape.

Her cat ventured a few feet inside and yowled a loud warning. There was a smell it definitely did not like inside the shed. It wondered why the woman, who gave him food and usually seemed reasonable, would willingly place herself in danger.
“I'll feed you later, Thomas. I gotta get Miss Betty something warm to wear. You have a fur coat so you probably don't even know it's getting colder. But trust me winter is coming and don't you doubt me,” she said, feeling the tape coming loose.
Yanking hard on it, the box which had been dined upon by a wide variety of different types of bugs and rats over the years didn't so much open as disintegrate. Piles of partially rotten, partially eaten, pants and shirts fell to the dirt floor. But it was the family of extremely agitated snakes that immediately caught Sally's undivided attention.
She could see maybe half a dozen squirming scaly reptiles mixed in amongst the clothes and they were on the floor between her and the open doorway.
Their heads were a bright copper color that faded slightly along their bodies, mixing in with splashes of dark brown hourglass shapes. Sally's hearing wasn't as good as it had been when she was younger, but her eyes were working perfectly in spite of the bad lighting.
“Copperheads!” She screamed, jumping up on a small wooden crate and proceeding to try and climb the wall to the line of rafters above as the can of bug spray fell out of her coat pocket.
Thomas took a quick look at the snakes before turning and running away.

*****

Officially, police departments do not condone the beating of prisoners.
Unofficially, Orlando Duprat would offer a different opinion. His left eye had swollen shut and he wasn't certain but thought it likely he had at least two broken ribs and maybe a concussion to go along with a colossal headache. Moving even slightly elicited pain in nearly every area of his body, especially his swollen and bruised testicles. After the beating was finally over he felt them tenderly and was scared by how large they'd swollen. Even if he lived long enough to speak with a lawyer, Orlando doubted he would be able to identify any of the officers who administered his beating since he'd been blindfolded at the time.
Laying on the concrete floor, he spit out another gob of blood and wondered vaguely if he was going to die. He recalled near the end of the 'interrogation', as the officers had called it, one of them said he was lucky it was just attempted homicide of a cop. If he'd been successful they'd have given him something, that Thomas McGee would have been horrified to learn was called The Pervert Piercings. They didn't elaborate of what would be pierced, but Orlando could guess and was extremely grateful Deputy Fulton would survive.

Sheriff Harrison pulled his car into the parking lot of the Ragland Police Department.
It was a small building befitting a small rural town. Two civilian cars were parked nearby and he assumed they were the officer’s personal vehicles. He was pissed off as he climbed out and slammed the car door behind him.
Even though his daughter had said she understood when he told her he had to leave her wedding reception because of an emergency, he knew she was rightly and royally pissed off. And what infuriated him most was that she was right to be mad.
Still wearing his rented tuxedo, he crossed the parking lot and lit a cigarette. Half hoping the wanna be cop killer was dead; he opened the front door and went inside. He recognized the deputy sitting behind the counter but couldn't recall his name.
“Sheriff Harrison! What are you doing here? No one said you were coming in?” The old deputy said as his eyes opened wide while jumping to his feet.
The sheriff smiled weakly as the deputy raced to open the connecting door to the lobby. When he entered the office he remembered the deputy's name and wondered why the old man's face had starting turning red.
“Hiya Matthews. How you doing?”
“I'm fine sheriff, just fine.” He looked at the tuxedo and seemed bewildered before he slapped his head and continued. “The wedding wasn't today was it? Gosh darn it, I'm sorry somebody bothered you about all this with it being your little girl’s big day and all.”
“It's okay. She's a big girl, scratch that, she's a big married woman now. Is Mr. Duprat enjoying his accommodations? I've got a car coming down to take him to the county jail anytime now.”
The deputy's face turned a brighter shade of red as he looked away. “Um, he had an accident.”
“Damn it! What did you guys do? If he's dead I'll give your hides to my daughter as a belated wedding present.”
“He's not dead, just um... tenderized a bit,” the deputy said, sincerely hoping he wasn't going to be fired only nine months short of his retirement.
The sheriff held his pissed off expression as long as he could before laughing and clapping the relieved deputy on the shoulder. “You had me scared. I like that, tenderized a bit.”
Laughing together, they went to the hallway and back to the holding cells.

Orlando heard people coming and shut his eyes. Taking a deep breath, he tried to be as still as death while listening to the footsteps coming closer. Pretending to be dead was an old trick and he knew it probably wouldn't work yet couldn't imagine a downside to trying it. If it doesn't work, they'll laugh and probably beat me up again. However, if I can get surprise on my side who knows?

Seeing Orlando Duprat's bloody face and motionless body curled up in the fetal position, Sheriff Harrison did something he rarely did over his long career. He made a mistake.
“Damn it Matthews, open this gate and go call for an ambulance! If that sack of shit's dead or dies in custody we're all fucked!”
Orlando smiled inwardly as he heard the cell door swing open behind him and someone hurrying over to his side. He waited and willed himself to remain limp as he was rolled onto his back. The sound of running footsteps retreating away down the hall coupled with someone leaning over him listening for a heartbeat was all the opportunity he could have hoped for.
Orlando opened his one good eye, smiled into Harrison's surprised face, at the same moment he punched him in the throat and stomach.
Harrison's eyes opened wide in shock as he tried to stand, but Orlando swung his legs around at the same moment.
The sheriff felt his windpipe flare in burning pain as he lost his balance and slammed headfirst against the fairly filthy metal commode bolted to the wall. Sprawled out on the cell floor in his rented tuxedo Harrison looked not only dead but also extremely out of place.
Hurrying over, Orlando searched him and found a small automatic pistol strapped in a shoulder holster and a set of car keys. He slid a round into the chamber as footsteps came back down the hall.
“Ambulance should be here in ten minutes. Is he okay?” The deputy asked, just before reaching the open cell.
“I'm fine, old timer. You're a sweetheart to care,” Orlando said, pointing the gun at him.
“What?” Matthews asked in confusion while reaching for his sidearm.
“Don't try and grow a brain at your age, you'll just hurt yourself. Who else is here? Tell the truth and I won't shoot.”
“There's just me,” the deputy said with his hands held part way up in the air in surrender.
“I believe you,” Orlando said and fired three shots into the stunned man's chest.
Matthews flew back against the blood splattered cinder block wall before sliding to the floor in an untidy dead heap. Slipping the sheriff's gun into his pants pocket, Orlando unbuckled the deputy's gun belt and staggered down the hall laughing.

*****

Running in hospitals is generally frowned upon by nurses. And the head nurse at Children's Hospital Intensive Care Unit also didn't care for anyone running through the halls. She heard the running footsteps before she saw the man and moved to block the hallway leading to the Intensive Care Unit as he came closer.
A voice filled with pain echoed as she stood with her arms outstretched. “Jake!”
The man belonging to the voice came around a corner. He was a big man, crying as he ran and through the tears didn't seem to see her. She moved to the side and waited until he was about to run past. He was big but so was she and using her bulk, she slammed him against a wall. A security officer came around the corner as they collapsed in a heap on the floor.
“Where's my son?! Jake!”
The head nurse moved over and sat on the big man's stomach, pinning him down, as the guard arrived.
“Sir! You need to quiet down or I'll have to call the police.”
“My son's been stabbed. The cops told me he's here. Where's Jake Carver,” he gasped, unable to catch his breath let alone shout any longer as the nurse remained uncomfortably seated on top of him.

The guard had been chasing the big man since he'd driven into the emergency room parking lot. The man's truck had squealed to a stop and he bailed out leaving the engine running as he ran inside shouting for his son. A nurse told him they'd moved Jake to ICU and the chase was on. Ignoring the elevator, he ran up five flights of stairs screaming for his son most of the way.
Gasping for air under the nurse, he finally stopped shouting and the guard was bent over with his hands on his knees panting for breath. A younger nurse nearby took a photograph with her phone's camera and shook her head with a grin on her face.
The head nurse leaned over and said softly, “If you'll quit running around and screaming I'll get off of you and we can go see about your son.”
The man nodded and managed a weak, “Yes, please.”
The guard and younger nurse helped lift her up and the man got shakily to his feet. He wiped his tear covered face partly dry as he caught his breath.

Two minutes later, Jim Carver was standing next to his son's bed sipping from a bottle of water as he looked down.
A young redheaded doctor, with a long ponytail, came in holding a chart. “I heard you were around here. Of course, I think people on every floor of the hospital heard you were here. I'm Doctor Holly Irvins. You have quite a son, Mr. Carver.”
“You saved him?” Jim asked, looking adoringly at the young lady who might be just out of her twenties.
“I was the attending trauma surgeon, yes. I don't know what you've been told, but Jake's in no danger. He was amazingly lucky.”
“Lucky? He was stabbed by a maniac and almost died,” Jim said, in a husky tired voice.
“I meant that he was lucky the knife seemed to miss any veins or arteries and vital organs. In my experience, a wound like he suffered is almost always-” She saw the man wasn't in the best mental or emotional shape and let the final word, fatal, fall away. “It's actually as close to a miracle as I've ever seen.”
“When can I take my son home?”
“We still need to run some more detailed scans of his skull. The preliminary X-rays show he suffered a nasty concussion and what has me most concerned is that he hasn't regained consciousness.”
“Is he in a coma? Will he come out of it?”
“From what we've been able to tell so far, no, I don't think he's in a coma.”
“I'm not leaving,” Jim said stubbornly, as if expecting an argument, sitting down in a large leather chair beside his son's bed.
“I don't blame you. He's an amazing boy, Mr. Carver.”
“He's all I have left. His mother died when he was just a baby. He's my life. He's everything in the world to me.”
She patted him gently on the back as the big man leaned forward and started to cry softly.

*****

The unmistakable stenches of vomit and excrement wafted around the small bright blue and green plastic port-a-potty outhouses like a foul invisible cloud. With lines several people long, the young mother and bladder flopping son were both growing more anxious as time seemed to cease its forward movement. No one had gone in or out of the little buildings for a few minutes and several shouts of “Hurry up” had been issued by those in line, yet the doors remained shut.
The boy was determined not to pee his pants. He wasn't a baby any longer and hadn't suffered the embarrassment of wet pants since that time at Sunday School when he was three, and that was nearly two years earlier. Hopping on one foot and then the other while biting his lip seemed to help slightly.
As worried as her son was about embarrassing himself by having an accident, his mother was even more ill at ease. She felt a growing dread that she'd made a horrible mistake by leaving her seven year old sleeping daughter with a man she didn't even know.
Television shows were always warning parents not to leave their children unattended or with strangers and she'd heard enough terrible stories over the years that as the minutes stretched out she wanted to scream in frustration. Standing up as tall as possible on her tip toes, she turned and looked through the thick crowds but couldn't spot the stage where the old man was watching over her sleeping daughter. What was I thinking? He could be doing anything to her and what if he's run away with her? He could be doing- No. I've got to calm down. He's just a nice helpful old man. I'm getting all worked up over nothing. Not every man is a molester, she thought, while the strong foul aromas seemed to grow stronger. She began to suspect the port a potty doors had been glued or welded shut.
Her son squeezed her hand and she saw his eyes were open wide in alarm. Oh shit, he's gonna lose it.

“Hurry up! For fucks sake, what are you doing in there!? Growing a tail!?” She found herself yelling.
“Mommy?” The boy said, looking up with an agonized expression. “I can't hold it anymore.” Tears were rolling unchecked down his face.
She grabbed his hand and quickly walked him beside the port a potties to the short wall built of cinder blocks that surrounded most of the dealership parking lot.
“It's okay sweetheart. You can pee on the wall.”
His pants dropped to his ankles as if by magic. A mighty arcing stream of bright yellow fluid hosed down the bricks as several people turned to look.

“That's fucking nasty. Ain't you got any sense of decency?” A fat woman sneered. She was wearing a pair of tight neon pink spandex pants and low cut leopard print shirt, exposing a considerable portion of her large sweaty breasts.
Two middle aged men who had been talking while standing in line, quickly assessed the situation and nodded to each other. They ambled over and stood on either side of the boy and unzipped their pants. As three yellow flows splashed against the wall, the boy and men all sighed deeply in contentment.


With a head full of disturbing ideas regarding the little girl held in his arms, Thomas turned to get out of line and headed for his truck. What the hell would I do with a piece of shit Yugo anyway?
Before he could take a single step, he bumped into a short blonde haired girl and looked down in surprise.
Betty stood blocking his path. Her eyes seemed to flash an impossibly bright crimson for a moment as she stared up at him. “Who is that?” She asked, pointing at the softly snoring child in his arms.
Several highly implausible lies came to mind before he gave up and decided to tell the partial truth. “Don't rightly know her name. Her momma asked me to watch over her while she took her son to the bathroom. I'm just... uh holding her place in line so she can have a chance to win a car.” He found himself trying not to speak so fast or so much but discovered he couldn't stop.
“They're giving away a car today to whoever can guess the number of coffee beans in the big jug over there on the stage. I'm just helping out, that's all.” His face had gone slightly pink and his sore leg shuddered slightly as he looked down at his granddaughter.
Something about her scared him but what it was specifically he didn't know. He remembered the weird dream he'd had this morning where her head swiveled backward and her face had been stretched in an impossibly large and frightening grin.
“Where we're you taking her a moment ago?” Betty asked.
“What? I wasn't going nowhere,” he said looking away quickly as his face flashed bright red.
Betty looked at the girl and then at the old man for several long seconds as the line for the drawing slowly moved forward.
“I think I should hold the girl until her mother returns. Hand over the child,” she said with her arms outstretched.
“Nonsense, she ain't that heavy. I can hold on to her just fine,” the old man said, without looking at Betty.
The line moved alongside the small stage and Betty quickly climbed up and walked over to where the old man stood and whispered into his ear. “I wonder how the people in this crowd would react if I were to tell them you are a pedophile? What do you think?”
“I...I can't. What?” He stammered as his mouth and eyes opened wide in shock.
Jumping down off the stage, Betty smiled up and said, “Hand over the child or I'm telling. You cannot imagine how loud I can yell. I believe I should hold the child until her mother gets back. Don't you?”
Feeling numb, he handed the girl over.
Betty stood holding her and didn't say anything more as the line moved.

*****

Sitting in her car in an empty parking lot of a closed bank, Federal Agent Shannon Mendez listened to the dog panting next to her as she put Deputy Fulton's memory card into her laptop computer. She scrolled through the pictures and wondered briefly about the ones of women who were lifting up their shirts while behind the steering wheel of, presumably, their cars. The women were all pretty and ranged in age from about thirty to maybe sixteen.
One of the girls was the waitress from this morning's breakfast. She looked scared in the picture and Shannon gritted her teeth.
Interesting way to avoid a speeding ticket. Just flash your boobies for the nice deputy, she thought shaking her head.
When she reached the crime scene photos, where Orlando had been arrested, she copied them to her computer. She considered the memory card for a second before ejecting it, wiping it down and putting it back in Fulton's camera.

She expanded a photo of the fat dead kid and saw a trickle of blood and something brown in one of his ears. Shuffling through the photos, she finally found one that showed what she already suspected. The rear of a small brown roach was protruding out of his ear surrounded by blood.
Frodo whined as she stared intently at the screen.
“Just a minute pooch and I'll be taking you home,” she said taking out her cell phone.
After several rings, Amalia's voice mail announced her boss was unavailable but she could leave a message after the beep. She disconnected and tried her partner’s number. It also went to voice mail. She disconnected and tried to think as Frodo nuzzled against her.
“Okay pooch, let's take you home,” she said logging onto the map program on her computer and finding Jake's address. Looking at it, she pulled her brown notebook out and was surprised to see the farm where they were originally supposed to go was less than a mile away from Jake's house. “Just a coincidence?” She asked aloud.
Frodo offered no opinion on the matter as she started the car and put it in gear.

*****

Trevor stood beside Alice as Professor Anniston slowly wandered around his RV. The old man seemed deep in thought and Trevor doubted the worried look he saw was about the decorations. He saw the old man chewing nervously at his fingernail and knew something was really bothering him.
Looking at the decals of the large green dragon standing on its hind legs plastered on both sides of the rear of the RV and the basketball hubcaps on the tires, Anniston only nodded slowly while circling it.
Trevor noted the old man's expression never changed until he stopped where Alice and he were waiting.
Alice hadn't known him as long as Trevor, so her feeling that he hated the disguise was understandable but wrong. Black Beauty was still Anniston's home, just camouflaged.
When he stopped beside them he only nodded and said, “It certainly looks different.”
A long moment of silence grew and Alice looked at Trevor questioningly as the old man stared blankly at the RV.

A few of the college kids who had worked on the RV were drinking sodas and laughing near the large roll up door to the garage they were in.
Trevor had already paid them and wished they'd shut up or go away. Something wasn't right with his old friend and he was worried. He cleared his throat, but the old man seemed deeply lost in thought as he kept staring at the RV nibbling on a fingernail.
Alice walked over to him and asked, “Do you like it?”
“Hmm?” He answered seemingly from a million miles away.
“Professor, if it's a good enough disguise, what do we do next?”
The old man's eyes looked confused for a moment before he turned back to Trevor. “How much cash do we have on hand?”
“Um, about fifteen hundred thereabouts.” Trevor said, after a moment’s thought.
“Okay, let's go shopping and test our disguise. You two go in and get what supplies we might need for about a week living away from civilization. Use some of the cash to pick up a few disposable pay as you go phones too.”
He looked thoughtfully at Alice, before asking, “Dr. Weinstein, I'll understand if you want to take a taxi to the airport but there's something important I need to talk with you both about later. I can't begin to explain it now. In fact, I'm not sure I could.” He shook his head and looked much older than he had when teaching her to dance just that morning.
“James,” she said, taking his hand. “Aside from risking arrest by that dickless wonder Wilcox, I really want to stay with you guys. Unless, of course, you're trying to get rid of me?”
He smiled and hugged her briefly before turning to Trevor. “I'll work up a list of things I want you two to buy in addition to the phones. Alice, I suggest you think what feminine products you might be needing.”
She blushed as did Trevor before they both burst out laughing.
A few minutes later, Anniston excused himself to his bedroom as the RV joined traffic heading to the nearest shopping center.

*****

I'm dying. Of all the places I thought I'd die, right in the middle of Redneck Heaven would never have been my guess. It's all that bitch Shannon's fault, he realized while throwing up again.  Some vomit splashed on the pavement as he leaned out the driver side door of the Pinto, but most fell onto the already badly stained interior's nearly threadbare carpet. His stomach was in full rebellion as he saw bits of partially digested hotdog in the foul mess.
The only thing Agent Simon Hicks felt thankful for was that he'd only eaten one of the two hotdogs someone had left in the car.
A large truck hauling freshly cut pine trees roared by on the winding two lane county road, and the driver blew his horn to show his appreciation for agent Hick's lack of parking ability.
He'd pulled over as the bubbling vomit erupting through his throat and into his mouth. The car was parked half in the breakdown lane and half in the narrow two lane road. His only thought as the truck sped by was Why couldn't he just hit the car and put me out of my misery?
The boiling feeling in his stomach lessened enough for him to sit back up in the driver’s seat and grip the steering wheel tightly. Sweat dripped down his forehead and coated his face as he fought the transmission for first gear and drove on.
He briefly considered tossing the remaining hotdog out the window, but changed his mind when he thought of making Sonny James eat it. Gradually the little car sped up and he tried his cell phone again. The screen showed the words No Service as he burped and grimaced in disgust.


The stereo was playing a collection of country music by Tom T. Hall and Orlando ejected the disc as a song about liking beer began to play. Otherwise, the sheriff's sedan was comfortable and able to move fast as he cruised out of town.
Unsure of his next move, Orlando decided to head for the rural countryside and find a place to think. Looking in the rear view mirror, he saw his swollen shut eye and grunted as he sped up. All I wanted to do today was steal a few computers, sell them and go get high. Is that so wrong? Now I've been beaten all to shit and soon every swinging dick with a badge is going to be hunting for me. It's going to be open season on Orlando Duprat and that's a fact. What the fuck am I going do? And now look at this asshole, he thought, as an ugly little car in the distance swerved erratically all over the road ahead.

I won't be sick again. I am not going to do it. I'm-, Hicks positive thoughts were abruptly interrupted as he projectile vomited over the dash and windshield.
It felt like his throat was on fire and his stomach was a furnace channeling the very flames of Hell itself. Taking his foot off the gas pedal, he tried to find the brake but an intense spasm of pain made this typically easy task impossible. To make matters worse, he couldn't see through the windshield and flipped on the wipers which dragged loudly across the relatively clean and dry window outside.
Stomping his feet on all the pedals (hoping for the brake) the car bucked, jerked, and sped up as he took a hand off the steering wheel long enough to wipe at the nasty mess on the inside of the windshield. Through a small semi-clean streak of glass he saw a large white sedan speeding toward him.
“Shit!” was all he could think to scream while yanking the steering wheel, trying to get back in his lane.

The Pinto moved erratically across both lanes as Orlando slowed down and decided that whoever was 'driving' the other car could have the whole road. As they closed the distance, he looked at the side of the road for a place to pull off and let him pass by. There was a drop off of maybe a dozen feet from the roadway to the trees below, but there was a small strip of weeds he thought might be wide enough to just barely accommodate the big sedan. When he looked back, the little car had sped up and was only seconds away from slamming into him. He yanked at the steering wheel and tried for the narrow breakdown lane swearing.

Both cars turned toward the breakdown lane at the same moment.
On impact, Orlando's air bag deployed as he screamed and held on tightly to the wheel.
The Pinto hit hard and pushed the bigger car over the embankment before following it down a moment later. The sedan rolled several times as the Pinto crashed and clanged behind it.
When they stopped moving, the badly crumpled sedan was upside down with the little car sitting partially on top of it. The front end of Hick's car was crumpled like a crushed soda can and the burst radiator sent fumes into the air.
Neither man was conscious and all was still for several seconds before a small brown roach climbed out of torn apart dashboard of Hick's car. Its antennae moved slowly as it looked at Hicks.

*****

“This is really all a simple misunderstanding. You don't understand. I'm not your enemy,” Colonel Aswan explained, as Wilcox stood in front of him holding a long sharp knife.
He'd tried several interrogation techniques but the pig headed Aswan refused to cooperate other than to repeatedly say it was a misunderstanding. His first story about having been in a horrible explosion and a botched plastic surgery procedure could almost have seemed plausible had Wilcox not seen him change in front of his eyes earlier. Plus his long incisors and the mysterious glowing cube made it even less likely, and the mere fact he'd tried such a ludicrous lie only served to equally amuse and anger Wilcox.
Aswan quickly abandoned the surgery story and admitted what Wilcox already knew; he was an alien.
Leaning forward, Wilcox tweaked his snout. “How many of you ugly bastards are out there masquerading as humans?”
“It's not a masquerade. You need to understand we've been here a long time; a very long time. As to how many there are...” He paused briefly before saying, “there are a lot of us.”
“Okay, there's a lot and you've been here a long time. So why set off a nuclear blast here and now? What are you guys trying to do?”
“The source of the blast is every bit a mystery to us as it is to you. If it weren't for the odd elements found we would have chalked it up to another example of humanity's penchant for self destruction.
Now, listen Brad, untie me and we can work together to find who's really behind all this. You're not the first human to discover our existence. Believe it or not, we work with humans all the time and many of them know our secret identity. Untie me and you could join us. We're not evil. We aren't out to destroy the world. Hell, we live here too.”
“Give me a name. Who else is a pig man? Make it someone I might know, in authority. If they say you're okay and trustworthy we might be able to come to an arrangement otherwise... let's just say I'm kind of in the mood for some bacon.”
“We taste terrible or so I've been told,” Aswan said, with a small nervous smile.
Wilcox didn't smile as he stepped closer. “Bacon comes from a pig's stomach, I think,” he said lowering the knife towards Aswan's midsection. “You can tell me now or squeal later.” Wilcox smiled and chuckled as he poked him teasingly with the knife.
Aswan was sweating as he nodded. “Okay, stop that. Call Admiral Branson, at the Pentagon.  He'll vouch for me and explain it all better than I could.”
“Is he a pig or a human?”
“He's... like you. It's complicated. Go ahead, call him and when he explains everything, I'm sure we can work things out. We're just different, not monsters.”

As they' been speaking Aswan's pig-like features were slowly transforming back to his prior human appearance. The changes were subtle and it took awhile for Wilcox to notice but finally he did.
“How do you do that? Your disguise, how does it work?”
“If Branson agrees, I'll tell you everything.”
Wilcox looked at the phone and considered. What the hell am I supposed to do? Call him and ask if he knows a pig faced alien? If not, he'll wanna have me put in a rubber room. If he does... he might have me killed for discovering the truth. Damn it.


“Command post, Sergeant Reynolds speaking,” the cigar chewing man said, signing paperwork. He listened for a few seconds before speaking again. “Yes sir, she's still out here,” he said, looking at Amalia Armstrong who was drinking a cup of unpleasant tasting coffee and looking out a window on the far side of the busy room. “Yes sir, I'll send her in right away.” He hung up the phone and yelled to her. “Hey Armstrong! Colonel Aswan says he'll see you now!”
Amalia hurried across the room, finished her coffee and threw the cup in the trash. It's about time. Wilcox could be anywhere- doing God only knows what.
She grabbed her small leather briefcase and went through the door. The florescent lights in the narrow hallway buzzed loudly overhead as she stopped in front of a door with a placard on it with the words General Heller written on it. She knocked firmly and heard someone say, “Enter.”
Over the years, she'd been surprised in a variety of ways; some good, others bad, but finding Colonel Wilcox standing in the room pointing a gun at her was definitely one of the worst.

*****

Anniston watched Alice and Trevor walking into a mega store via the closed circuit camera before turning back to the television on the wall.
“Are you still there?”
'Yes.'
“I'm confused about several things. Are you saying humanity may be wiped out by your race because we are too dangerous to coexist with?”
'That's a bit of an oversimplification and nothing has yet been decided, but essentially you are correct. Not that all humanity would be eliminated. Our current projections could be as high as ninety-eight percent. Many of those chosen to live have already been inoculated.'
“Against what?”
'A virus engineered to only affect humans. The deaths will be quite painless if that's what you're concerned about.'
“Who are these chosen people?”
'The Earth has numerous groups of people who live in harmony with little or no violent tendencies and no overt signs of idiocy.'
“Could you tell me just one group that's like that?”
'The Amish.'
Dr. Anniston stared at the two words on his screen and considered it. They're hard working, honest, simple folks. They've never had an Amish serial killer or rapist that he'd ever heard of. They shunned most of society's modern contrivances and the more he considered it the more sense it made, at least from their standpoint. He was distracted as more words filled the screen.
'We're surprised at the lack of curiosity you've expressed toward the other race of aliens that have been living amongst you for apparently centuries. Or are you only interested in us?'
“What other aliens? I'm sorry, but if you mentioned it I must admit I didn't realize it. You have to understand, all this is quite daunting not to mention more than slightly disturbing,” he said with a tremor in his voice.
'We discovered them by accident. Their race is unfamiliar to us, but we theorize they may occupy several key positions throughout Earth's governments and corporations. We have just started trying to find them and determine their intentions. Their purpose may be benign or malevolent. Our communications network was seriously disrupted when we lost our primary communications link established in Palmerdale; hence we have chosen to ask you a favor.'
“A favor?! You tell me you're planning the extermination of damn near the entire human race, and now you ask a favor?! Are you serious?!” the old man screamed at the TV, as he stood up and walked shakily across his small room to look out the window. His frail body shook as he tried to focus on the people walking by in the parking lot.
He saw a young girl skipping beside her mother as she pushed a grocery cart with a baby strapped into the built-in infant seat. Tears flowed down his face as he let his forehead lean against the cool glass.

The only sound was the hoarse sobbing coming from the old man that went on for almost a minute. He wiped his eyes and refused to turn back to the TV. Who the hell do they think I am? I'm just an old man, what can I do about this? Is there anything I can do? Damn it all to Hell! He thought and slammed his fist into the wall. He felt several bones shatter and screamed in pain.
“Professor Anniston, please stop.” A voice that sounded like the actor who played Ted Baxter on the Mary Tyler Moore television series came from the TV as the words on the screen said the same thing. “We have little understanding of emotions but believe you may be suffering from extreme stress. If you just wait and let us communicate with you more we may be able to help you calm down.”
Turning back to the TV with tears rolling down his face, the old man's body shook before he raised his middle finger at the screen and shouted, “Fuck you! Fuck you, and your plans to destroy humanity! What does it matter if other aliens are here?! Have they planned on killing nearly every man, woman, and innocent child on Earth?!
Who knows? Maybe they have, but you fuckers have already began our extermination with the inoculations. So on behalf of all humanity, FUCK YOU!” He turned and walked shakily out of the room as the voice on the TV again asked him to stop.

Stumbling through the RV, with his hand screaming in pain, he reached the liquor cabinet and opened the bottle of brandy and poured half a glass.
The big screen TV in the room powered on as he drank the rich amber liquid. Relishing in the warm fiery liquor, he drained the glass.
“Professor Anniston. Please be reasonable. If you help us maybe there will be no need for any exterminations. Wait, come back. Where are you going?” The voice on the TV grew louder as he stumbled toward the stairs and left the RV.
The old man stumbled across the parking lot, clutching the bottle of brandy, narrowly being missed by several cars. Stopping beside a standalone ATM, on the edge of the parking lot by several small trees, he shuddered and sat down on the curb.
Drinking straight from a bottle was something he'd never done before, but the occasion seemed appropriate. Lifting the brandy, he drank as if he were a man dying of thirst in the midst of the desert. After several more drinks he stared up at the sky, reached into his coat pocket and pulled out his cell phone.

*****

“Are you going to try and win the car?” Betty asked Thomas, as she held the little girl's hand. She had awoken just a few minutes after being handed over.
“I don't know. Let's just wait until her momma gets back and get the hell out of here. My stomach hurts,” he said, looking equally nervous and nauseated.
“You can trust my discretion, grandfather,” she said, with a long drawn out emphasis on the last word.
He heard the little girl asking Betty something, but ignored it as he peered through the crowd for any sign of her mother and brother. How long can it take to squirt? He wondered, as his stomach rumbled uneasily. And what's wrong with Betty anyway. She's acting like- well hell, I dunno what's wrong with her but something just ain't right. She practically accused me of something as disgusting as child molesting. All I did was think about it and she threatens to call me a pedophile. Me, her own grandfather! I need to call her momma when we get home. His eyes glazed over momentarily as he tried to remember her mother's phone number and again flashing disjointed images of Betty swiveling her head backward and grinning a monstrously impossible smile at him at breakfast filled his head. Simultaneously, his leg screamed in pain for a split second. It was so intense he gasped and a trickle of tears leaked down his wrinkled face.

“Jamie! How's my little girl?” The mother asked, quickly moving through the crowd holding tight to her son's hand.
“Momma! Where were you!?” The girl shouted, scrambling away from Betty to hug her mother. “You had me worried,” she added in a severely scolding tone of voice.
“It's okay, honey. My friend here offered to watch you while I took your brother to the restroom,” she said, leaning down to hug her daughter. After a second, she stood and smiled at Thomas. “Thank you again for your help. And who's this little lady?” she asked, smiling at Betty.
“That's Betty. She's very smart momma. She even told me how many beans are in the jug over on the stage,” Jamie said.
“That's my granddaughter, Betty. She came along while you two went about your business.”
Turning to Betty, the mother asked, “So, you know how many coffee beans are in yonder jug, eh?”
“I have a good estimation but, no, I do not know the precise number.”
“Could you whisper it in my ear? I could really use a car since my kids S-H-I-T for brains father ran off a couple of weeks ago,” she said laughing, but close to tears as she spelled out the dirty word.
“Should I tell her, grandfather?” Betty asked, looking up at him.
“I don't care what you tell her. Besides I got a pretty good guess too. I reckon there might be about a million of them coffee beans in there,” he said, fishing out a five dollar bill and handing it to the lady handing out entry forms.
“Your estimate is grossly overblown,” Betty said, as the old man scribbled on the paper.
The lady looked very happy to be with her kids and Betty stepped closer to her. “Ma'am, I believe there are approximately thirty-five hundred and seventy-five beans in the jug. Plus or minus about twenty,” she whispered the numbers softly and then added. “Also, you should not leave your children with strangers in future, especially him,” she said, gesturing at Thomas.
The lady had been writing on an entry form when Betty said the last part. Her face turned crimson as she stuffed the completed form into the shoebox with a hole cut in the top. Her flushed face looked confused as she grabbed her kid’s hands and led them away from the odd girl and old man.

“We need to go, now,” Betty said, looking at Thomas.
He saw the mother look over her shoulder at him as she led the kids through the crowd. Looking down, he saw Betty with her arms crossed.
“What did you tell that lady?”
“The truth. Now we should leave before I tell everyone else out here the truth about you, and very loudly.
The stunned old man shuffled through the crowd as Betty followed.


CHAPTER TEN: No deliverance

The sound of his father snoring was something Jake had grown accustomed to over the years. It started with a reverberating snorting that went on as he inhaled followed by a soft exhalation. Sometimes is dad made a whistling sound when his nose was partially blocked, like when he had a cold or had been crying.
Jake smiled as he listened to the rhythmic cycling and whistling noise of his dad's snoring. He opened his eyes expecting to find himself in his bedroom. His domain, where a young teenager could have a little privacy, but was shocked and bewildered to see where he was. Through eyelids that felt as though they weighed at least a ton, he saw bright white ceiling tiles above and noticed a steady slow beeping sound mixing with his father’s snoring. The metal railing on the ceiling held hooks attached to a long curtain. Turning his head provoked a dull throbbing pain, but it faded away as he saw his father stretched out in a large low leather chair a few feet away.
His dad's chin rested on his chest and even at such an odd angle, he could see a thin line of glistening saliva running out of the corner of his mouth. As he snored, his head bobbled slightly with each breath. Jake wanted to laugh but held it in. He didn't want to wake him. His father hadn't shaved today and his familiar face looked very comforting.

Having never known his mom (except through photos and stories) since she died when he was just over a year old it had always been the two of them facing an uncertain world together. His dad always tried hard to raise him the best he could but wasn't perfect. He never developed the gift of great cooking aside from the occasional peanut butter and jelly sandwich or grilled steaks. And sometimes, he'd catch his father watching a dirty movie after he thought he'd gone to bed. But he rarely drank and almost never swore.
Helping him mend fences or work on any number of other projects around the farm would sometimes lead to an occasional swear word when his father hit thumb with a hammer or did something equally dumb, but Jake knew it was just part of being human. He wasn't the perfect father, like Mike Brady or Andy Griffith as they appeared on TV, and yet to Jake he was close enough to perfect for him.

Jake wondered vaguely why he was in a hospital. He tried to remember but other than a fuzzy memory of jogging with his dog, the only thing he could recall was an angelic face.
It belonged to a girl with blonde hair looking down at him with a dark blue sky behind her. Maybe she wasn't an angel. It could have just been my imagination. Of course, that still doesn't explain how I got here or what the heck is going on?
A soft click sound followed by a near silent whooshing noise made the curtain, separating his bed from the rest of the room, flutter for a second.
Jake tilted his head a little and saw a lady with a long red pony tail wearing a white lab coat walk in looking down at a chart. He saw the stethoscope hanging around her shoulders and smiled at her wearily. “Hi.” It was a small word, and his voice was barely above a whisper, but she jerked as if he'd pinched her on the butt nonetheless. The mental image that went along with that idea made him chuckle softly as she quickly moved to his side.

*****

This day just keeps getting better and better, Orlando thought, as he stared sullenly at the unconscious big man handcuffed around a small tree a few yards away. “Simon Hicks, Federal Bureau of Investigation,” he said quietly, holding open the big man's wallet and looking at his ID card. “What were you doing driving a crappy little car like that anyway? And why were you out here in nowhere land?” He scratched his chin and looked at the other items he'd salvaged from the wreck. Adding Hick's Glock to his growing collection of firearms, he smiled.
From the trunk of the sheriff's sedan he found a small cooler with a big piece of wedding cake inside, three plastic water bottles, and a backpack that had flashlights and all kinds of other goodies. As Orlando examined one of the road flares he'd found inside the backpack, the big man groaned. 
They were still much too close to the wrecked cars and road for Orlando to feel very safe. Picking up a large pine cone he threw it across the small clearing at Hicks. It bounced off his head leaving a few tiny red pinpricks of blood where the sharp points hit.
“Mother fucking, son of a bitch! Who threw that?!” Hicks yelled, looking around, suddenly wide awake and pissed off. His head felt like it was full of broken shards of glass and his neck was aching. He spotted a young man he'd never seen before sitting cross legged nearby and then noticed the gun he held pointed at him as well.
Raising a finger to his lips with his free hand, the stranger smiled and whispered, “Shush.”
Hicks had a series of disturbing images from the movie Deliverance flashing through his mind and quickly fell quiet.
Orlando smiled and set the gun in his lap before resuming his search of the backpack.

Hicks lifted his hands and saw them handcuffed securely around the base of a scrawny tree. As he stared at the cuffs he heard several cars speeding by, not too far away, and hurt his neck trying to look all around. He recalled everything leading to the wreck itself, but had no idea how he'd gotten himself in this situation. He must have been the other driver. Okay, so he's the other driver- that still doesn't explain why I'm shackled around a tree, he thought, as his stomach rumbled ominously. “Hey buddy, how bout you unlock these cuffs so I can take a dump?” He asked, in the friendliest voice he could manage under the circumstances.
Orlando laughed as he shook his head and continued to rummage through the backpack.
“I'm serious pal. Something wicked bad is about to come out of me. I won't try anything; you've got all the guns anyway. Come on, help a brother out.” As he spoke, beads of perspiration broke out on his face and his voice took on a whining tone he didn't recognize or much care for. The burbling and pressure was increasing by the second and he really didn't want to shit his pants in front of this guy, whoever he was.
Getting to his feet, Orlando leaned against a nearby tree and grinned. “You never been camping have you, Mr. Government Man? I ain't gonna unlock those cuffs, but I'll give you a free woods craft lesson on how to take a shit in the forest. First get up on your feet, drop your trousers unless you like ‘em extra stinky, then grab a hold of the tree with both hands, lean back, squat down and let it fly. No muss, no fuss.”

Hicks quickly got to his feet, unbuckled his pants and slid them and his boxers down around his ankles. He felt things starting to slip inside, quickly squatted and leaned back as his bowels unleashed a hot foul smelling mixture of solids and liquids that splashed into the pine needles below.
Orlando clapped and laughed uncontrollably as Hicks continued to squat and empty himself.
“Damn man, you're a regular waterfall! Go man go, let it all hang out!”
After a few more seconds, Hicks felt much better and started pulling on the tree to stand back up.
There was a loud cracking sound as the skinny, mostly rotted, tree snapped in two.
Hicks' eyes shot open in surprise as time seemed to shift into super slow motion. Gravity pulled him back to Earth as he still gripped the top half of the broken tree with both hands. He turned to look at the strange young man and saw him grinning with his one good eye open wide.
Then time resumed its regular speed as he fell into the foul mess he'd just created. The splat sound seemed loud, but the stranger's roaring laughter was still impossible to miss as he clapped and cheered. Laying on the ground, feeling his back and butt coated in warm stinking shit, Simon stared up at the mid afternoon blue sky through the branches and thought, God, I wish that bastard would stop laughing and just kill me already.

*****

Perched precariously atop an old sagging piece of plywood, laid across two of the shed's rafters, Sally continued to shudder and tried not to look down. She'd heard people say that terror can only be sustained for only so long before a person gets used to it, but every time she glanced down at the group of agitated copperhead snakes on the floor her fear only grew stronger. From the way they moved, crossing over and under each other, it was hard to guess how many there were. Of course, to Sally even one would have been too many.
She'd seen what a copperhead bite could do and every time the board she sat on creaked or she heard them hissing and moving below she'd recall how her oldest daughter Ashley had been bitten by one when she was twelve years old. When they brought her home, Sally couldn't stop screaming until Thomas slipped her a few glasses of moonshine he used to buy from the barbershop in town.

Ashley had been working to help bring in a neighbor's corn crop when it happened. The neighbor explained how she got bit while taking a break laying in a big pile of hay. One of boys heard her screams and ran to where she was. A copperhead snake about four feet long bit her on the cheek less than an inch from her right eye. The boy hollered for help, pulled it off the screaming girl, and sliced off the snake's head with his buck knife. But the damage had already been done.
Staring down, as the snakes moved across the floor, all the old lady could think about was how nightmarish and swollen her little girl's face had looked. Her head and face had swollen so much that the doctors at the hospital were forced to cut a hole in her throat so she could breathe. When the anti venom and antibiotics finally started to work and the swelling went down, Ashley had lost her voice from screaming so loudly for so long.
Eventually, she recovered somewhat but she wasn't the same little girl who used to run barefoot through the grass and fields anymore, and her beautiful face still bore the scars even to this day.

Thomas yowled from the open doorway below.
Sally looked down as the cat tilted its head and stared at her sitting up in the rafters. She knew it was bitching about an empty food dish but still liked to think Thomas might be just a tad concerned about her dire predicament nonetheless. She realized one cat versus a mess of snakes could have only one sad undeniable outcome; a dead cat.
As it yowled again tears began trickling down her wrinkly face. She took a deep breath before screaming at him, “Scat, Thomas! Get back to the house before I come down there and wring yer furry flea bitten neck! Go on now, move it!”
The cat looked up at her for another moment before raising his tail and walking stiffly away.
The piece of plywood she sat on creaked and cracked ominously again.
She rechecked the shed's cramped attic space quickly for something else to keep her from falling but other than cobwebs, dust, and spiders there was nothing. Wiping at the tears, she willed herself to remain motionless and silently prayed for her husband or someone (ANYONE) to come save her.

*****

Amalia raised her hands when she saw a grinning Colonel Wilcox standing in the middle of the office pointing a gun at her. I knew he was nuts! Crazy bastard probably already killed his replacement, Hussein. Only question is why he hasn’t fired yet. His gun has a silencer on it. What does he want from me?
“Good afternoon, Amalia. Don't be shy, come on in and lock the door. And don't worry, I won't shoot even though you've proven yourself pigheaded on more than one occasion,” Wilcox said, and laughed quietly.
Without looking away from him, she shut the door. “Okay, what do you want?”
“I want to trust you, Amalia. I really do. I want to believe you're still human.”
She blinked in confusion before speaking. “What are you talking about? Of course I'm human.”
“That's probably just what a pig faced alien would say. Aswan would have said that too if I hadn't seen his true form.”
“Where is Colonel Hussein? What have you done with him?
“Look behind you. See for yourself.”
Amalia turned and saw a man with dark curly hair and dark brown eyes with a gag stuffed in his mouth. He was securely tied to General Heller's big leather office chair with a long bright orange extension cord. He looked bewildered and scared, but not at all like a pig faced alien. “I see what you mean, Brad. Whatever he is, he's certainly not human,” She lied, trying to sound as sincere as possible.
“Damn it, woman! I told you before, call me colonel or Colonel Wilcox!” He yelled, as the gun shook in his hand. “And don't try and patronize me, Amalia! I know he looks normal now. Somehow, he's reverted to his disguise again. He's trying to look normal for you. But I know he's not human. He's a fucking pig faced alien!”
“Calm down, colonel. Let's think this through for a minute. May I remove his gag so he can talk?”
“Okay, but first why don't you drop that gun you have in your shoulder holster, under your jacket. Just take it out slowly and drop it on the floor. Once you get that gag out you can hear for yourself about Admiral Branson and how he's an alien too. And if either of you scream for help I'll shoot you both. Is that understood?”
“Fair enough,” Amalia said, slowly removing her gun from under her jacket. She saw Wilcox's gun pointing directly at her face and decided to play it safe and dropped it to the floor before moving toward Aswan.
Pretending to have trouble removing the gag with one hand, she quickly loosened the end of the extension cord with the other while blocking Wilcox view with her body. As she finally pulled the gag out his mouth the phone on the desk rang.

Still pointing the gun at them, Wilcox pushed the speaker button. “Wilc-” he started to say in his regular voice then started over with his bad impression that sounded like a man from India impersonating a woman. “Will you please hold all calls? I have told you before; I am not to be disturbed.”
“Sorry sir, but there's a Professor James Anniston on the line for General Heller. I've got a Class A clearance for his calls and he says it's urgent.”
Wilcox almost pressed the button to hang up the call as Aswan and Amalia watched him. Biting his lip, he looked uncertain before saying, “Go ahead and put him through.”
Amalia managed to slip Hussein her pocket knife while Wilcox had been distracted by the phone.
As he waited for Anniston's call to be put through, Wilcox glanced over and saw them both looking interested in what the professor might have to say.

*****

The vinyl passenger seat had a growing pool of drool as Frodo sat up and panted.
FBI Agent Shannon Mendez didn't mind, and in many ways thought the dog was a vast improvement over her partner, Simon Hicks. She wondered briefly where he was, but knew he was a big boy and could take care of himself.
The dog whined softly as they drove toward the still crowded Sonny James dealership. Parked cars lined both sides of the road and traffic slowed to a crawl as they got closer.
Mendez was in the middle of a jaw popping yawn when an old truck passing by caught her attention.
There was a girl in the passenger seat that appeared familiar, but it took at least a minute until she remembered where she'd seen her before. It was the same girl she'd seen at the parking lot by the football field earlier. Hitting the brakes, she turned to see if the truck was still visible but it was gone. Horns honked behind her and she stuck out her arm and gave them the one finger salute before driving on.
Traffic was beginning to go a little faster when she saw a large piece of plywood propped against a utility pole in front of a small grassy lot filled with piles of pumpkins of nearly every size. The plywood had been painted with several bright orange pumpkins, but it was the words on the sign that made her pull to the side of the road and check her notebook. The sign said Owen's Pumpkins and the farmer they were sent to talk to had the same last name.
Frodo whined and scratched at the passenger side door when she got out.
“Okay, I'll let you out but don't go running off,” she warned the dog, before opening the door.
Frodo ran to a fire hydrant and attended to something of extreme importance, as Shannon walked toward the lot.

A boy, about thirteen years old, sat on a wooden crate beside the sign. He didn't look up as she walked over and stood beside him.
Looking over, she saw him frantically pressing buttons and wiggling a small joystick. She leaned down and recognized the game. It was the same one her nephews and nieces were addicted to. Demon Dashers wasn't her favorite kind of game, but she'd watched it played enough to know the boy wasn't very good at it. “Wait until the demon knight’s swing their swords then move closer and hit them,” she suggested.
The boy nodded and kept playing as two women walked out of the lot, each carrying a large pumpkin. Looking past them, she saw an older man in denim overalls and a straw hat laughing as another man thumped the side of a pumpkin and listened to the resulting sound.
Glancing down, she saw the boy had taken her advice. Already an impressive pile of demon knights lay around his warrior character on the small screen as he hacked his way through them.
The boy laughed as he reached the end of the level.
“Is that your dad over there, in the straw hat?”
“Yep. Thanks for the tip, lady. You must be really good at this game.”
“Not too bad,” she said, smiling. “So, were you with your dad when he shot that crow?”
The boy looked up and his eyes opened wide. “I uh...” he stammered. “What crow?”
She pulled out her ID card and showed it the boy.
“Holy crap. Are you really with the FBI? You sure don't look like the people they show on TV or in the movies?”
“How so? Why do I look different?” She smiled, expecting to hear him say something about looking too Hispanic or being a woman.
“You're just really pretty. You look more like a model or something.” He blushed as he said it but smiled when she giggled.
“You are quite the charmer, young man. What's your name?”
“I'm Tommy Owens. That's my dad, Craig Owens. Can I see your gun?”
“I'd show it to you, but then I'd have to shoot you,” she said, managing a serious expression as the boy's eyes shot open wide again.
“I'm just kidding, Tommy,” she said, laughing.
“Oh yeah, that's funny,” he said, laughing nervously. Something behind her caught his attention as he shouted, “Hey, Frodo! Come here, boy.”
The dog had been sniffing a utility pole, but looked up and ran over as he recognized the boy. He barked, trotted over sat in front of him and panted as the boy scratched him behind his ears.
“You know this dog?”
“Sure. That's Frodo. I wonder if Jake's around here somewhere. Bet he'd like to meet a real FBI agent.” The boy continued to pet the dog as he looked around.
“Jake had to go to the hospital earlier.”
Tommy started to speak and she held up a hand. “Don't worry; I'm sure he'll be alright. Think you could keep the dog with you until things get straightened out with Jake?”
“What happened?” He asked, with obvious concern.
“It's a long story. I'm sure it'll be all over the news later.”
“Does this have something to do with Duprat breaking out of jail?”
“What!?”
“Couple of deputies came by about half an hour ago and asked us to call 911 if we spotted him. I overheard one of them talking to my dad. He said Duprat killed someone and escaped from the police station,” the boy said, and shuddered slightly as he looked around uneasily, as if Orlando might be hiding behind a pile of pumpkins.
“Are you sure about all this?”
“Yes ma'am. Are you gonna help catch him?”
I already caught the son of bitch once, she thought but only nodded her head slightly in response.

*****

“Come on, stinky, we got some hiking to do before nightfall,” Orlando said, as he prodded Agent Hicks in the back with a long sharp stick.
They'd been walking through the forest of pine trees for about thirty minutes and Hicks still felt sick from the hot dog. He was finding it hard enough just to keep walking let alone think of a plan to overpower his captor. The worst part was that the kid with the sharp stick and three guns wasn't as stupid as he looked. Handcuffed or not, he wasn't taking any chances with him, at least for now.
He tried to pick up the pace as he carried the backpack of supplies further into the woods. From the direction of the setting sun, he surmised they were heading roughly south but beyond that their destination was still a mystery. He'd asked twice where they were going and both times his captor only laughed and said not to worry about it.

At least it's not anywhere as hot as it was in Afghanistan, a few years ago, Hicks thought. I must have a sign hanging over my head saying please kidnap me. Only difference is back then I had a battalion of troops trying to rescue me. Now, no one even knows I'm missing. On the bright side, he's only poking me with a stick whereas back in Afghanistan they were using blood stained swords. But if numb nuts back there would just make one teensy weensy mistake, I know I could take him out.

Orlando was feeling pretty good considering how badly his day had been going so far. He let Hicks move a little further ahead before slipping the gun back in the holster. Feeling like he deserved a reward, he reaching into his shirt and removed the foil wrapped hotdog he recovered from the wrecked Pinto.
Dropping the wrapper, he took a huge bite out of it and chewed as he walked. After less than a minute he had wolfed down the rest as he followed his smelly new 'friend'.
“Mm, you sure have good taste in hotdogs considering what a nasty smelling bastard you are,” Orlando said, while laughing and poking Hicks with his sharp stick again.
Agent Simon Hicks did indeed smell badly. His head throbbed and he'd been taken prisoner by a redneck of the worst sort, yet as he stumbled through a small creek bed he smiled. He hoped his friend with the sharp stick would soon fall victim to whatever had hit him after his brush with a food he swore would never again pass his lips; the humble hotdog.

*****

Affecting his best New Delhi accent (which really wasn't very good) Wilcox spoke into the speakerphone while still holding a gun on Amalia and Hussein. “Ello, this is Colonel Hussein. I am in command while General Heller is away. How can I be of service?”
“We're fucked. Damn little fuckers gonna kill everyone except the Amish,” Anniston said disjointedly.
“Is this Dr. Anniston?” Wilcox dropped most of his bad accent as he stared at the speakerphone.
“Damn straight, it's me. Just thought you fellows should know that we're all bloody well fucked,” Anniston said, leaning against a small pine tree and cradling his aching broken hand in his lap. With the phone wedged between his shoulder and neck, he took another sip and was surprised by how empty the brandy bottle had mysteriously become. “It's all over. And tell everyone to stop worrying about that explosion. They said it was just an accident.
Oopsie daisy, so sorry we blew up a few people, but don't worry that was just an accident. Unlike what they're planning for the rest of humanity. Do you hear me? We're all bloody well doomed!”
“Dr. Anniston, did these aliens look like pigs by any chance?” Wilcox asked, dropping all pretense of trying to disguise his voice and staring at Hussein.
“Pigs? I don't have any idea what they look li-” Anniston paused a few seconds before asking, “Colonel Wilcox, is that you?”
“That's not important now. Tell me where you're at so we can come take you somewhere safe and debrief you,” Wilcox said, in his most soothing and comforting tone of voice.
“You're still there? And in charge now? Damn it. We've got aliens threatening to wipe out humanity and a sick power mad asshole in charge is the best we can do?”
“Watch who you're calling an asshole, you old fart! Besides, it sounds like you've been drinking. Just get yourself, the bitch and that other old fart back here now or by God I will have you shot!”
“I was worried about humanity just a short while ago, but after talking to you suddenly our extermination doesn't seem anywhere near as tragic. Cheerio, you idiotic man and don't hold your breath on getting an inoculation either,” Anniston said, torn between laughing and crying as he threw his cell phone against the pavement. It shattered in dozens of tiny pieces as he dropped his head and wept.

Wilcox stared at the speakerphone as it made a crashing sound before falling silent.
Hussein took the opportunity to slice the last of the extension cord holding him to the chair as Amalia stepped slightly away from him.
“Dumb old fucker, probably just as drunk as he is senile. Still, better safe than sorry.” Wilcox punched the intercom button for the command post switchboard.
“Communications,” a voice spoke.
“Did you get a location trace on that call from Anniston?” Wilcox asked.
“Got it narrowed to roughly a five mile area.”
“Give the location to the military police. And while you're at it go ahead and call the sheriff's department and local law enforcement too. See if they can help find that RV and bring them in!”
“Yes sir.”
Wilcox hung up and turned as Hussein was in mid leap diving toward him.
Amalia grabbed the metal briefcase on the desk and swung it at Wilcox at the same moment.
Yelling in surprise, Wilcox started pulling the gun's trigger.

*****

The truck picked up speed as Thomas headed for home. All he wanted was to go back to bed and maybe get drunk. He risked a glance at Betty in the rear view mirror and was again struck by how pretty she was. Even sitting there with her head oddly cocked to one side he couldn't help admiring her beauty. There wasn't one particular thing that attracted him. It was an unidentifiable quality, but the closest he could come to it was the girl's uniqueness. She seemed unlike any other girl he'd ever met. But she scared him too. A nagging doubt kept flaring up about her being his granddaughter. Why does she act so weird? What's with her head anyway, tilted like that?
Betty quickly reached for the tuner knob on the truck's radio and twisted it away from the station playing classic country music. She stopped at a place where there was only static and turned up the volume.
The old man jumped and the truck swerved for a few seconds before he regained control.
“Listen, Miss Betty, turn that racket down! Who said you could touch my stereo anyway!?” Thomas shouted over the din of roaring static.
Betty ignored him until he started to reach for the knob. She slapped his hand and leaned forward apparently listening to the static.
He unrolled the driver side window and saw the town's crazy lady standing next to her grocery cart full of cans on the side of the road. A news van was parked nearby and a young lady with a microphone was talking to her. Upon hearing the truck with loud static playing out the open window they, plus a guy holding a camera on his shoulder, turned to stare at him.
He waved, trying to act like he drove around listening to static every day. “Betty, turn that-” He started to say as they passed the people, but she interrupted him while shutting off the radio.
Flipping on the turn signal for his driveway turn off, he sighed in relief.
“I need you to drive me to the Children's Hospital in Birmingham, after I go get something.”
Pulling into the driveway, Thomas looked at her in confusion before continuing toward the house. “You sick?”
“There's no time to explain. I have to meet someone there.”
Sitting in the truck, he shut off the engine and asked, “You got a boyfriend there?”
“I cannot explain. I have to get something and when I get back you have to drive me there.”
Girl's nuttier than a jar of crunchy peanut butter. Heck, maybe she even knows she's nuts? Maybe I could get a doctor to check her out. Do they have a psychiatric ward there? He wondered. “Okay, but we need to have a talk, young lady. I don't appreciate the way you've been treating me. Granddaughter or not you need to learn some manners.”
Opening the door and climbing out she said, “Yes, of course. I will be back soon.”
Thomas watched as she ran quickly across the yard, disappearing into the woods within seconds. Shaking his head, he climbed out of the truck and belched. It was one of those nasty almost soapy tasting kind and he grimaced in disgust.
Thomas, the cat, yowled at him as he started up the stairs to the porch.
“Shut up, cat. Sally gives you food, not me. All I need is a beer,” he said opening the screen door and going inside.

*****

“What exactly do your ghost balls look like?” The reporter asked, trying without much success to hide her smile.
“They is usually about maybe the size of big beach balls, but they ain't from no beach I've ever heard tell of. They're silvery and makes a spooky kinda sound. First time I saw one I thought the Lord was coming to take me up to heaven, but I never saw Jesus just them ghost balls.”
“How many times have you seen them and what time do they usually appear? Midnight?”
“Seen ‘em maybe a dozen times altogether. And I never seen ‘em at midnight, I'm usually abed by then. See ‘em mostly at nightfall or real early in the morning.”
“And you say they appear in these very woods?” The reporter asked while gesturing to the kudzu lined ditch and thick forest of pine trees beyond.
“Yes ma'am. Saw one just this morning, up there,” Allison said, pointing up over the trees.
“Why do you think they appear to you?”
“No fuc-... No idea. But I've had my fill of ‘em. Called the cops to come out here, but they all think I'm crazier than a shit house rat. They never check the woods, just come out and tell me not to worry about it.”
The reporter glanced up at the setting sun before asking, “Do you think a ghost ball will appear tonight? And if so, how much longer before it shows up?”
“Lady, I don't know if one's coming or not, but I'd say it's still a bit too early for it. Like I said, they mostly come when it's dark.”
Turning back to the cameraman, the reporter smiled and said, “Thank you, Mrs. Taylor, for your time. And don't worry, folks, we'll stick around and see if we can catch a glimpse of these ghost balls. For WBIR news, this is Candace Rogers reporting live from the haunted woods just outside of Ragland Alabama.”

Allison bummed a cigarette from the cameraman as Candace went over to the field producer standing by the news van. “This is the biggest waste of time ever. Chasing ghost balls because some nut cake says they're out here. Can we go home now?” She asked hopefully.
“Just got off the phone with the boss. He says people love the old lady. And what with Halloween only being a week away we've got something fun here. They're gonna be on standby to go live during the six o'clock news, probably at the end of the show. After that, we can call it a night.”
“Frigging waste of time. But okay, we'll go ghost hunting then I am going home. I don't care if a ghost walks over and says boo, this is the kind of fluff piece I swore I'd never do.”
“I dunno, I kind of think you look sexy out here in the woods.”
She smiled, and shook her head climbing into the van. “You better watch those sexual harassment videos back at the station again, before you get yourself in trouble.”


CHAPTER ELEVEN: Stormy weather

“So, you have no recollection whatsoever regarding what happened to you this morning?” The police inspector asked again for, what at least to Jake felt like, the hundredth time.
His dad was standing outside his son's room, scowling through the observation window as his son was interviewed by a man he'd never seen before and never wanted to see again. Jim watched as another police officer tried to distract and calm him down. Even through the glass, he could hear his son answering the questions but his answers didn't seem to be what the investigator wanted to hear.
“I already told you, I was running with my dog to the football field and then things get all funky in my head. It’s just a bunch of weird pieces of; I don't know... sorta like flashes of pictures. The only thing I can really remember clearly was seeing an angel. The rest is just a blur.”
“Did you notice a van parked in the lot? Kind of beat up and old?”
Jake closed his eyes and could see it. “Was it sort of gray?”
“Yes. Do you know who hit you in the head and stabbed you?”
“My dad said it was Orlando. He's this bad kid in town. But like I said before, I don't remember being attacked. It’s all sorta mixed up like when you wake up from a dream and you try to remember it. It doesn't make any sense. I'm sorry, but I just can't remember.”
“Do you recall hearing anything Orlando or the other kid said about where they might be going after they left the school?”
“No. The only words I can remember was his voice, Orlando's, when he said something like 'Move it Romeo or you and Juliet won't get to play doctor.'”
“Was there a girl there? Is that why you went there so early? To meet her or something?”
Jake sighed in exasperation and looked the policeman in the eye. “I told you before, I made a deal with Andy the school janitor to help clean up the field from last night's game. He was going to pay me to help clean up but wasn't around when I got there.”
“So, to the best of your recollection, there was no girl? You're sure?”
“Yes sir.”
“Okay, son, I believe you. You just take it easy and get to feeling better. I'm going to leave my card with you and your dad. If you remember anything else will you give me a call? It's really important,” the inspector said, rising from the chair and setting a business card on the nightstand table.
“I'll call if I remember anything. I promise,” Jake said and yawned, before turning away and closing his eyes.

“You've got your nerve,” Jim Carver growled, after the investigator left his son's room. “That boy has been through Hell today and as if that's not enough, you grill him for almost thirty minutes. You've already caught the son of a bitch who tried to kill him. What the Hell is your problem anyway?”
The investigator looked at the deputy in disgust. “You didn't tell him?”
The deputy looked uncomfortable before responding, “I didn't know if I should or if you wanted to tell him.”
“Tell me what?”
“Orlando Duprat escaped custody earlier this afternoon,” the investigator said quietly.
“What?!” Jim yelled and moved closer.
“Calm down. He shot and killed one deputy and seriously injured Sheriff Harrison when he escaped. State Troopers and all local police have been put on alert. The details are on the radio and the TV news shows too. Harrison himself asked me to speak with your son to find out if he might know where Duprat may have gone.”
“How, no scratch that. I don't care how he escaped, but tell me did Jake say anything helpful?”
“He may know something, but he's been knocked around quite a bit. A concussion can play havoc with memory, but it’s possible he still may recall something helpful. I left him a card and I'd like you to take one too in case he does,” he said, handing Jim a small card.
“But wait, you're not leaving are you?”
“Mr. Carver, the odds of Duprat showing up here are nil. However, I did speak with the hospital's chief of security and warned him to be on his toes, just in case. Jake will be fine. Try not to worry and give me a call if he remembers anything.”

Watching the officers walking toward the elevators, Jim grunted in disgust crumbled and threw the card on the tiled floor. He went quietly back to his son. Jim listened to the soft rhythmic snores as he walked into the intensive care unit and crossed over to the window.
Trying to take his mind off his many worries, he pulled open the curtains. Dark storm clouds were quickly rolling in from the west as he saw lights twinkling across the city to Red Mountain a few miles away.
Spotting the familiar iron statue of Vulcan, the Roman blacksmith god of fire standing atop his tower. And not for the first time, he idly wondered why it had ever been built.
Some crazy fucker almost kills my only son, escapes the police and they come to us for help.   They should have shot the bastard when they had the chance. God only knows what that sack of shit's up to. The cops are probably right, though. Duprat's not dumb enough to come here. But, then why do I feel so..., he thought, trying to determine exactly what he felt. It was almost like someone was watching him or maybe stalking.
Still uncertain what was bothering him, a slight movement above him caught his attention. A small roach was scurrying across the ceiling tiles. He took off his boot and moved closer to his son. If it weren't for the jumble of wires, tubes, examination lights, and curtain surrounding the bed he might have thrown his boot at the bug. He watched it move across the ceiling before it slipped between two ceiling tiles and disappeared.

*****

After checking the house Thomas sighed in contentment. Sally wasn't home. His stomach hurt a little and he figured it was just hunger pains. He pulled a bottle of beer from the refrigerator and grabbed a bag of pork rinds off the counter before heading to the living room. Settling into his recliner, he switched on the TV and flipped channels until he found the WBIR six o'clock news show starting. Thomas didn't care for the news a bit, but they had a cute young reporter that he'd often fantasized about.
Munching on pork rinds and sipping his beer, he felt extremely relaxed for almost thirty seconds before his stomach rolled uneasily. He felt the urge to fart, but wasn't at all certain if it would be gas or something far worse. He set the bag and beer on the table and decided not to risk crapping his favorite recliner again.
Sally made him throw out the old one after his last accident, even though he'd cleaned it and used two spray cans of disinfectant on it. He got partially up before a series of cramps made the idea of standing erect seem impossible. Feeling like Groucho Marx, he walked bent over while clenching his butt tightly shut. The pressure was building and it felt like something horrible was about to erupt.
He got to the bathroom and just managed to make it to the toilet before all Hell broke loose. It felt like everything not nailed down was being blown out of his body by a fire hose. “Damn! Whoa, yow, don't that burn though!” He yelped, as the curse of Sonny James free hotdogs claimed yet another victim.

After several minutes, he got cleaned up and made his way unsteadily back into the living room.
The cute reporter was talking about a string of food poisoning cases in Ragland. Health Department officials traced the source back to a car dealership that gave free hotdogs away as part of a promotion. Over two hundred people had fallen ill with bouts of stomach cramps and digestive discomfort, so far. A graphic filled the screen with suggestions to alleviate the symptoms with a caution at the bottom stating if pain and discomfort persisted viewers should see their family physician as soon as possible.
A visibly upset Sonny James appeared on the screen trying to explain away the food poisoning as being possibly caused by any number of sources.
Thomas muted the sound and looked away from the screen. His stomach burbled uncomfortably as the thought that James had been responsible for making him sick infuriated the old man.
He glanced back at the TV and saw Sheriff Harrison dressed in a tuxedo with a bandage on his forehead. He turned the sound back on.
“We have received assistance from various police departments, as well as State Troopers in the search for Mr. Duprat. If you should see him-” A mug shot of Orlando filled the screen as Harrison continued to speak, “-under no circumstances should you approach him. He is considered heavily armed and extremely dangerous. Just call 911 and tell us where you saw him and let us handle the situation.”
Off camera, a reporter asked, “Sheriff, is it true he's killed several people and was responsible for your injuries as well?”
“I have no comment, other than what I just said. Now, if you'll excuse me I have work to do,” Harrison said, blushing slightly as he turned and hurried away

Thomas took a small sip of beer and looked at the open front door. He stood and quickly walked over, shut it and turned the deadbolt lock. Turning, he moved swiftly to the back door and locked it too. He then went to the fireplace and pulled down his old shotgun from over the mantle and confirmed it was loaded.
A reporter was talking about ghost balls and Thomas switched off the TV. The silence of the empty house unnerved him as he hurried to the phone and started calling his neighbors asking if any of them had seen his wife.

*****

With quickly approaching dark clouds and the sound of distant thunder, Candace Rogers called the station to see if they could scrap the ghost ball segment and head back to town. After arguing for a few minutes, she hung up her phone sighed and walked over to an obviously agitated Allison Taylor.
“I need to head for home soon. Them’s some nasty looking thunder boomers over yonder. Mr. Jackson hates the rain. Gets his fur all nasty and matted, plus he starts to stink when he gets wet,” Allison said, cradling her fat cat in her arms.
“Mrs. Taylor, I just spoke to the executive producer. We're going live in just a few more minutes.”
“Don't care. It's about to rain buckets. I can smell it. I'm going home. Come on, Michael,” she said, walking back to her grocery cart.
“Wait! Look, I can give you another twenty dollars if you stay. Please,” Candace begged.
“Make it fifty, otherwise I'm heading for home, Allison said, with a smile that showed a couple of gaps where she was missing a few teeth.
“Okay, yes fifty,” Candace said grimacing.
“One minute to air,” the camera operator said, listening to his headset that was receiving audio from the news studio.
“Payable up front, please,” Allison said grinning hugely.
“All I have is a hundred,” Candace said, searching her pockets.
“That'll work.”
“No way!”
“Thirty seconds to air. The producer says he'll reimburse you, Candace, just give her the money!” The camera operator shouted as the winds began to pick up. “Fifteen seconds!”
Candace handed the old lady the hundred dollar bill as the flood lights along the side of the truck's roof lit up the darkness and the trees behind them.
Allison made the money disappear in one of her pockets and smiled at the camera while cradling her increasingly agitated cat.

With the distant crashing of thunder and steadily increasing winds, WBIR's television audience was about to see something everyone later agreed had to have been staged. It had to be an elaborate hoax that many viewers considered to be in the vein of Orson Wells, with his famous War of the Worlds broadcast.

*****

“Thanks again for the coffee, Mr. Owens,” Agent Mendez said, sitting at the kitchen table.
His wife had been very quiet since she'd come home with her husband and son. Polite but very quiet. She looked suspiciously at the beautiful tall exotic looking Hispanic woman and just knew whatever she might say, she was really only interested in her husband.
“Maggie makes great brew, and that's a fact,” Craig said, smiling at his wife. He could sense her feelings toward the agent and wanted to avoid bloodshed if at all possible.
“Oh yes, thank you ma'am. It's been a long weird day. I like your kitchen too. It has a nice, um- homey feel to it,” Mendez said, smiling at the older woman.
“I suppose you'll be wanting dinner too?” Maggie asked, in an icy tone of voice, while standing across the kitchen in front of the stove with her arms crossed over her chest.
“Oh, yes, please say you'll stay. My mom's a great cook and besides I can hear a storm coming,” Tommy said, trotting into the kitchen with Frodo following him.
Kid, you just stepped on a landmine, Mendez thought, before speaking. “I'd love to. I really would, but I have to get to town and file some reports including yours. Speaking of which, the sooner we get started the sooner I can get out of your hair,” she said, then sipped at the coffee.
“Well, if you can't stay, that's alright then,” Maggie said, turning to check the roast she had cooking in the oven.

After Maggie went into the living room, Shannon pulled out her digital recorder and hit record. Holding a pen over her notebook, she looked at the father and son on the other side of the table expectantly. When no one spoke up she tried to put them at ease. “Don't worry guys; I'm a federal agent not a monster. Just tell me about the bird you shot.”
The man cleared his throat and stared at the recorder before managing to say, “My name is Craig Owens. I live here in Ragland, with my son Tom and wife Maggie. Oh wait, her name's actually Margaret and his is Thomas. I'm sorry. Should we start over?”
“No, that's alright. You're doing fine. Please go on.”
“Well, me and the boy was out spraying and checking over the pumpkins out by the pond over by the woods. You have to use spray or the bugs will ruin them even this late in the season.”
Mendez nodded and scribbled in her notepad.
“Tom saw the bird first. I thought he was just being lazy or goofing off. You know how boys are.”
The boy grunted and kicked a leg of the kitchen table in frustration.
Mendez suppressed a smile as Craig continued. “I asked him what he was doing, and he says looking at a weird crow. So I look where he is and see the bird too. It was sitting on a branch of one of the pine trees that stretches over the pond. I didn't see anything odd about it and said as much.”
“Dad, don't lie to the FBI. You said it was just a fucking bird,” the boy interrupted.
“Language!” Maggie shouted, from the living room.
“Sorry, but that's what he said,” Tommy said, with a mischievous smile.
“Tell me, what made you think it was weird? What got your attention in the first place?” Mendez asked.
“At school, in biology, we studied birds and how they act. You know reproduction, hunting, migration, and stuff like that. But a bunch of things seemed odd to me. Crows don't eat pumpkins for one thing. And they're not supposed to be able to swivel their heads all the way around either. You know like an owl does, but I saw it do that. Plus it was making weird noises. I've seen lots of crows before, but this one just seemed really mega wrong.”
“Did you hear the sounds, too?” Mendez asked the man.
“Nope, course my hearing sorta sucks without my hearing aids. Don't usually wear ‘em when I'm working out in the fields.”
“What were the weird sounds like?”
“You'll laugh if I say. Let's just say they were weird,” the boy said, blushing slightly.
“We won't laugh. Please tell me. It could be important”
“Chickens.” The boy looked embarrassed as he spoke. “At first I wondered where chickens could be around the pumpkin patch. We don't have any and I didn't see any around. Then I looked at the crow and saw its beak open when the chicken noises came. When it closed its beak the sound stopped. I just thought it was sort of funny. I know it sounds crazy, but the crow was actually making clucking noises like chickens at first.”
“At first?”
“Well, this is the goofy part. After I stared at it and started laughing, I heard a high pitched whining sound come from the crow. It was only for a few seconds, but it sounded just like when you hear a song played backward really fast. You know, like Alvin and The Chipmunks when they sing. That was when my dad came up and shot it.”

Craig choked on the coffee he was drinking as she looked at him and asked, “What made you shoot it?”
The man's face flushed as he coughed and held up a hand, in a stop gesture. After catching his breath he spoke as if embarrassed. “I thought the boy was goofing off. I just wanted to get his attention. I saw him staring at the damn bird and not helping out. So, I decided to remove the distraction is all.” He got a worried look on his face before asking, “Crows ain't on that endangered species list are they?”
Mendez laughed and smiled as she shook her head no.
“Darn near scared the crap out of me when he fired the gun,” the boy said, smiling.
“Language!” His sharp-eared mother called again from the other room.
“What happened after you hit the crow and what kind of weapon did you use?” Mendez asked, as she checked the recorder to make sure it was still working.
“Just my shotgun. I always take it out to the fields. We got some wild dogs that sometimes come out of the woods and the last thing I'd want is to get bit and catch rabies or something. As to what happened to the bird, I didn't rightly see. I was looking at Tommy after I fired. Heard the splash when it hit the water though.”
“Did you see what happened when it fell into the pond?”
“Yes ma'am, but I think the blast from the shotgun must have somehow messed up my eyes because that was the really weird part. It wobbled for a second before it tried to fly away and I swear it looked like smoke and sparks were coming out of it. Looked sorta like one of those arc welder doohickeys. The sparks were really bright even though it was a sunny day.”
“Then it fell into the pond?”
“Yes ma'am. I saw it hit.”
“The preliminary report we got from the police said something about it having lost a wing,” Mendez said, looking at the boy.
He looked at his dad nervously, before turning to the dog and stroking its head.
Frodo licked the boy's hand and drooled as he smelled the roast in the oven.
Craig cleared his throat and drank the last of his coffee.
“Did it lose a wing or not?” She asked again.
Craig looked at the recorder and then at her before shaking his head.
She reached over and stopped the recorder. Looking at the father and son, she knew they were hiding something.
“The recorder is off. What is it? This could be very important. Just tell me the truth.”
“I told you we should have given it to the cops,” the boy said, as he stared defiantly at his dad.
“Just tell me, Mr. Owens. What did you do?” She asked gently.
“My son found the wing after we'd called the cops and told them about what happened. He wanted me to call them back or give it to them, but I kept it. I thought it might be valuable to someone. It was the weirdest thing I'd ever seen.”
“It's here? Can you show it to me?” She asked eagerly.
“Dad, I don't want to go to jail,” the boy said, looking like he was on the verge of tears.
“No one's going to jail. But I really need to see it.”
“That's just it. It's gone. When he showed it to me I could tell it wasn't a real bird's wing. It had feathers or something that felt like ‘em, but it was way too heavy for its size. I took it to my work shed and looked it over before putting it inside my old cash box.
I was going to take it to a friend of mine, Dr. Norris, the next day but-” The elder Owens stopped abruptly and shook his head as Agent Mendez nodded and leaned forward. “It was gone when I went out to get it.”
“Someone stole the cash box?”
He shook his head again and swallowed with difficulty before turning to his son. “Bring it in from the back porch.”
“Yes sir,” the boy said, getting up and going to the back door.
“I don't rightly know what happened to the wing, but the box is still here.”
The boy came back inside a moment later carrying a medium sized gray metal cash box and set it on the table. His dad turned it so the back was facing the agent. A small rectangular hole a few inches across and a couple high had been cut thru the metal. The edges of the hole showed where the paint had been burnt. He opened the box and inside there were some old partly burnt receipts but nothing else.
She felt the thickness of the metal and wondered who could have used a blowtorch to cut through it.
“Did either of you tell anyone else about the wing? Maybe someone who had access to a blowtorch?”
Both father and son shook their heads in unison. Then the father said, “Besides, no one needed to cut through it. The box wasn't even locked.”
They all stared at the hole in silence except for Frodo. The dog was sitting in front of the stove whining wistfully at the delicious aroma of roasting meat.

From the living room, Maggie's voice broke the silence. “That crazy woman's coming on after the commercials! Craig, you guys take a break and come watch, she's a hoot talking about ghost’s right here in Ragland!”
Shannon's eyes shot open wide as she stood up and quickly walked down the hall toward the living room.
The boy and his dad followed.
“That crazy woman, her name isn't Allison by any chance?” Shannon asked, standing in the middle of the living room staring at the flat screen TV mounted on the wall.
Maggie gave her a suspicious look, before answering. “I think so. I saw her earlier today, on the news talking about ghost balls out in the woods. She's a nut. Says a ghost ball might be coming anytime now. But with Halloween coming up I guess it's something fun to talk about.”
Father and son sat on the couch and both looked at the agent wondering why she was so interested. The commercial break was still on and Maggie gave her husband a questioning look. He shrugged back as the news came back on.

On the TV an old anchorman wearing an obvious brown toupee smiled at them and said, “As Halloween approaches there are reports of something spooky happening in the forests less than an hour east of Birmingham. Reporting live to tell us more is Candace Rogers. Take it away, Candace.”
The image switched to a shot of the reporter and Allison standing in front of some shadowy pine trees.
Candace smiled as strong winds blew her long blonde hair in several directions at once. “If this isn't the perfect weather for ghosts, I don't know what is. I'm standing on the edge of a small stretch of haunted woods just outside Ragland Alabama. And joining me is local ghost expert Allison Taylor. Mrs. Taylor, tell us do you think we might be able to see one of your ghost balls this evening?”
“Ain't my ghost balls,” Allison said, holding a fat black cat in her arms while leaning closer to the microphone and almost shouting to be heard over the increasing wind. “They just come and go nearly every mornin and evening for the last few weeks.”
“For those who may not have heard you describe them before, could you tell us what they're like?”
“Big silvery balls. Hard to tell just how big, cuz when I see them, theys way up the air. I think they might be 'bout as big as beach balls, but I ain't sure. They go up and come down kinda slow and always make a noise that drives my cat, Michael Jackson, a little crazy,” she said, lifting her cat up for the camera to get a good shot of.
The cat had been unhappy being out in the windy darkness in the first place, but when the first splashes of rain began to fall and the high pitched whirring noises started to grow louder he'd had more than enough.
Neither of the women seemed able to hear it over sound over the strengthening wind and steadily growing number of lightning strikes and subsequent thunder rumblings.
The next time the microphone was held out to Allison, the cat took the opportunity to express his displeasure regarding the whole situation. It grabbed the foam ball at the tip of the microphone and yowled into it and his rear feet launched him at the startled reporter. Digging his claws into it, the cat held on as the reporter yelped in surprise.
Viewers at home were treated to an earsplitting screech and various thumping noises as Candace dropped the microphone and the cat that had been clinging to it.
The camera operator turned and zoomed in on the cat as it ran across the road and into the woods.
Michael Jackson was afraid and quickly heading for home.

Candace scooped up the microphone and started to speak. “Can you hear me? Sorry about that folks, but a haunted forest is apparently no place for a black ca-”
A brilliant flash of lightning cut off her words, but then Allison started yelling and pointing up over the tree line.
“There it is! Look!” She was shouting something else but the brilliant pulsing light and concussion from several bursts of thunder and strengthening wind drowned her voice out. The reporter and camera operator looked where the old lady was pointing.
A huge crooked multi-forked bolt of lightning lit up the sky filled with fast moving dark clouds. Unlike typical lightning strikes this one crackled and pulsed but remained intact. One end disappeared in the dark clouds and the other was attached to a brightly flashing silvery sphere that appeared to be a few feet across. It was several hundred feet over the trees throwing off small bolts of what looked like lightning as it quickly descended.
“What the Hell is that thing?!” Candace yelled over the wind and steady rumble of thunder.
“It's a ghost ball!” Allison screamed back, as the camera followed its descent into the trees.

Viewers at home watched in fascination as it came lower. The long bolt of lightning from the sky trailed it down as the miniature bolts the ball was shedding continued to reach down while it descended faster.
Several tree tops exploded into flames a second before the screen flashed a brilliant white light and faded to static as the remote news truck's transmission abruptly ended. The last sound before the signal was lost was that of a tremendous crash many viewers thought might have been thunder or a massive explosion.

A visibly shaken anchorman appeared on people's screens. He cleared his throat and listened to something being said in his earpiece before speaking, “We seem to have lost contact with our news crew. We'll have more information for you about what happened during the ten o'clock news. Thank you for watching and stay tuned for Wheel of Fortune, coming up next.”

“What a load of horse dookie. They must be getting hard up for real news down there. That was the most pathetic fake I've ever seen and I even ordered a tape of that alien autopsy video a few years back,” Mrs. Owens said, laughing as she got up from the recliner.
“It looked pretty real to me,” Tommy said, as he followed his mom toward the kitchen.
“Agent Mendez?” Craig asked. He almost reached out to shake her arm but then thought better of it. He wasn't sure if doing something like that might trigger her reflexes. Agents in movies and on TV always knew some sort of martial arts and he didn't want to accidentally provoke her. Especially since she seemed kind of out of it since his wife had shut off the TV.
She turned slowly and said in a halting way, “Mr. Owens...Um...I need to go...now.”
“Are you sure you feel okay?”
“I'm fine,” she answered, turning to the front door.
“What about your briefcase and stuff you left in the kitchen?”
“Yes, you're right. I need that,” she said in a stunned voice before turning back and slowly walking down the hall.
“It was a fake, what we saw on the TV, right?” The elder Owens asked nervously, following her.

*****

The thunderstorm was in full swing by the time Trevor and Alice finished with their purchases and headed toward the mega store's front exit. The evening's growing darkness coupled with the pouring rain made it difficult to see more than a few dozen yards into the crowded parking lot.
He looked at the four grocery carts filled with supplies then at the exhausted Alice before deciding what to do. “I'll run over and get the RV and pull up outside then we can just load it up without both of us drowning. Okay?”
She nodded and pulled the carts closer to her as he ran out into the storm. His shape was quickly lost in the sheets of rain.
A growing group of women, most with at least one child in tow, huddled around the exit waiting for the rain to ease up so they could leave. A few children shrieked as a loud peal of thunder accompanied the blinking of the florescent lights above them. Hoping the power would stay on, Alice felt the beginning of a headache and felt muzzy headed. It had been a long day and her hip was still sore where Colonel Wilcox had thrown her over a desk that morning.
She listened while the other women tried to joke about the weather. The comments didn't seem to come from any one person in particular. It was more a jumble of voices saying things like “Better get to work on that ark” and “I better not hear the weatherman say another word about drought or I'll strangle him,” or as several children joined their voices together singing, “Rain rain, go away. Come again some other day.”
The murmuring voices and high humidity made her feel more tired and sleepy as time seemed to lose its forward momentum. Leaning against a soda machine she shut her eyes and listened to the people talking, the monotonous downbeat of rain, and the occasional rumble of thunder.

Jerking awake, she found herself still in the entryway of the mega store. Alice yawned and looked outside. The rain was blowing sideways as the storm showed no sign of letting up. Glancing at her watch, she felt her stomach roll nervously as she realized Trevor had been gone for almost fifteen minutes. He's not a young man. Maybe he slipped and fell. He could be laying out there, in the rain, waiting for me to come help. I'll give him five more minutes, and if he's not back by then I'll go find him.


Sloshing through the enormous impromptu lake caused by a clogged storm drain, Trevor was terrified. He'd found the door to the RV hanging open and after a quick search realized Anniston was gone. There had been no signs of struggle and he hoped the old man had just gone for a walk. Trevor knew the likelihood that he'd go for a stroll, in the downpour and leave the door to the RV wide open, was nearly nonexistent but the idea that Wilcox or some of his people had captured him was too horrible to contemplate. He cupped his hands to his mouth and yelled into the wind, “Professor! James! Where are you?!”
There were hundreds of cars and trucks in the parking lot and walking quickly around them he realized this could take hours and Alice was still waiting for him. He checked another row of cars for any sign of the old man and had resigned himself to failure when he spotted a flashing blue light at the edge of the lot. Breaking into a run, he wished he'd thought to bring his pistol along.

A small truck, with a rotating blue plastic bubble light on top, was parked in front of an ATM. A man in a yellow rain poncho with the word SECURITY written in big letters on the back was kneeling beside someone who was laying on the pavement.
At first Trevor didn't even recognize Professor Anniston. He was sprawled out in a puddle of water a few inches deep. Even when he heard his voice it took a few seconds to realize the very drunk man was indeed his employer and old friend.
“I said, were all bloody well fucked! Quit trying to hush me, osficer! I'm a respected crypto- uhh cryptolooloologist! I have seen the end of the world coming. And it's just like all those damnably stupid movies from the 1950s said- little green men are coming to wipe us out, oh excuse me I mean wipe out just ninety-eight percent of us. And believe me when I tell you I mean really very very little!”
Trevor ran over as the security officer radioed for assistance, “This is Davis. I got a drunk over here by the ATM machine trying to drown himself in a puddle. Someone call the cops to come get this guy out of here.”
“That won't be necessary, officer. He's my dad. I'm sorry about this, he's just a bit senile. Come on dad, we gotta get you back home. Mom's worried sick about you,” Trevor said, lifting Anniston up into a sitting position.
“Trevor, my boy!” The old man shouted with a goofy grin on his face. “I'd ask you to have a drinky winky, but my bottle seems to have sprung a leaky weaky. It's all gone. Course, soon enough we'll all be gone. You, me, him, everybody; every-bloody-body. Well, except the Amish. Everyone loves the Amish, even little fuckers from who knows where. Hells bells, even I love Amish cheese.”
“Dispatch, this is Davis, cancel the cops. Someone has come out to claim the drunk,” the officer said, into his shoulder mounted microphone. Turning back to Trevor he shouted, “Get this old drunk out of here now!”
“Yes sir. Thank you,” Trevor said, as he draped the old man's arm over his shoulder and walked him quickly away.
“Yes indeed, thank you ossifer. You- you're a credit to the whole fucked up human race. Toodelooo!” Anniston shouted back over his shoulder.

“What's wrong with you?” Trevor asked, helping the old man into the RV a minute later.
“Why, absolutely nothing my lad. I feel rip roaring fine, in fact. Where's Alice anyway? I feel like showering that sweet little lady with some passionate kisses. She's got a way about her. Don't know what it is about her!” Anniston said, and broke into a loud rendition of a song Trevor was having difficulty identifying.
After getting him into his room and laid out on the bed, he finally recognized the song the old man was brutally murdering-Billy Joel's She's got a way.

*****

The gun fired twice before Aswan tackled Wilcox. The first shot hit the ceiling and the second shattered a window. Both would have found their mark had Amalia not hit him with the metallic briefcase she'd found on General Heller's desk.
Aswan seemed unfazed as he landed on top of Wilcox and knocked him against the wall.
Amalia dropped the briefcase and turned around as the men wrestled behind the desk. Scooping up her gun, she jacked a bullet in the chamber and started to turn back when she heard two more shots. She saw the first one shatter the big screen TV and felt the other hit her in the upper back. Falling to the floor, she heard the men continuing to fight as she tried to roll over.
The sound suppressor on Wilcox's gun was nearly silent for the first few shots, but the last one that hit Amalia was nearly at regular volume.
She looked back and saw Wilcox, his face badly scratched, continuing to fire at Aswan. Each shot grew louder and by the last one the suppressor no longer worked at all.
In great pain, she lifted her gun and tried to aim at Wilcox. She was having trouble seeing straight and was afraid she'd pass out. Struggling to focus, she pulled the trigger.

Wilcox was scared. He saw Aswan smiling as he felt his fingers clamping down around his throat. His feet left the floor and his lungs yearned for air as he was lifted up.
Aswan squeezed tighter while alarmed voices in the hallway came closer. Shouts and pounding fists outside the door were drowned out when Amalia fired her gun from where she lay on the floor.
The shot hit Aswan in the back of his head.
As Wilcox vision began to fade out with flashes of bright red stars, Aswan's head exploded like a watermelon dropped from the roof of a tall building. Falling to the floor, Wilcox gulped air and coughed as he crawled to the desk. Louder voices, outside the door calling for an ax made him focus.
Aswan's headless body was strewn over the desk as blood ran down the side and into a plastic trashcan. He saw Amalia lying unconscious or maybe dead on the floor and heard someone outside shouting, “Get out of the way, I've got an ax!”
He glanced at the bloody bodies and the gun in his hand and realized leaving might be an excellent tactical move. Turning to the shattered window, he saw Aswan's metallic briefcase and paused long enough to scoop it up and set it on the desk.
A solid whacking sound of the ax on the wooden door encouraged him to hurry. Remembering how Aswan had done it, he placed the headless man's fingers along the case's top edge. There was a soft click sound. Lifting the top, he saw the gray cube that looked like glass or crystal. Not willing to touch it with his hand, he lifted it out with the fabric of General Heller's overcoat, which he'd left on the back of his chair. Wrapping the cube in the coat, he heard another loud whack sound as a long strip of wood flew out of the door and twirled end over end across the room. He spotted a bloody manila folder that General Heller had left for Aswan and remembered his arrest papers were in it. Grabbing the folder, he turned and saw shards of very sharp looking glass in the window frame but didn't pause to think about it as he dove outside.


Private First Class Dwight Sandberg sat in a Hummer, watching in fascination as across the parking lot military police swarmed around the command post trailers. He lit a cigarette and listened as the radio buzzed with confused chatter. Exhaling smoke, he wondered what had happened that required medics in the command post. Not that he felt it was any of his business, since he was about to go off duty anyway. It had been a long hideous day and all he could really think about was going to the junior high school for some rest.
His unit and two others had established a temporary barracks there. It had showers, a gym, a library of sorts, and part of the cafeteria was set aside for movies to be shown.
Whoever picked those movies should be shot, Dwight thought, as he watched an ambulance pull up to the command post and two orderlies jump out and run in carrying some equipment.
Not that the movies were bad, per se, just really old. He actually sort of enjoyed watching John Wayne in Big Jake, but all the movies were like that. Most were made before he'd even been born. And a couple of them were (hard to believe but true) in black and white.
Aside from the movie selection the only other problem with Rudd Junior High School was the food. Or the things that were being served up in the cafeteria they were assured actually was food.
He heard his partner open the passenger side door and hoped he didn't forget the apple pies again. Finches fast food wasn't great but a hamburger from there at least smelled and tasted like real food, which was more than he could say for Rudd's cafeteria.

When his buddy showed up with the food, he decided to drive around behind the command post for the exit since the front was blocked by ambulances and other emergency vehicles.
Driving slowly, they passed several closed stores and he wondered when things would ever get back to normal. Going over a speed bump he saw a man sized shadow dodge behind a small portable storage building. It was dusk and difficult tell who it was until the headlights exposed him as he made the turn out of the parking lot.
He saw him from behind but recognized Colonel Wilcox who was running quickly between some other storage buildings. Idly wondering what was up, Sandberg shrugged as he turned for the junior high school. That guy's a nut. Maybe I should give that Armstrong lady a call and tell her about it, he thought, inhaling deeply the enticing aroma of French fries and hamburgers.

*****

Agent Hicks was growing impatient. That hotdog should have made him sick by now, he thought, trudging forward while rain splattered down through the trees thoroughly soaking him. His forehead felt feverish and his legs were growing weaker by the minute as he walked slower. He wondered how far the jackass with his gun and the sharpened stick was going to walk.
It was difficult to judge how far they'd walked, but his guess was at least three miles. The growing dark wasn't making progress any better either, but it did offer Hicks a hope that he might yet turn the tables on his captor.
“Hold up, stinky,” Orlando said, in a hushed voice behind him.
Hicks stopped and grabbed onto a pine tree before looking up from the ground he'd been watching as he walked. A brightly lit house was about a hundred feet away. He looked at the windows and saw that blinds covered most of them.
“Okay, walk slowly and quietly forward. Let's see if they have any room at the Inn for a couple of weary travelers,” Orlando said, none too gently poking him with his stick.

Behind the house they found a small wooden garage. The door was standing open and a light was on inside. Orlando had his prisoner stop and looked inside while still several yards away. After a few moments, a loud thunder clap scared him so much he almost accidentally shot him. If nothing else, it's got to be drier in there that out here, he thought, before whispering, “Let's go in there, buddy; Quietly.” He emphasized the word quietly with another poke of his stick.
I'm gonna shove that friggin stick up his ass. I don't even care if I get shot doing it, I'm sick of this shit, Hicks thought, as he crossed the wet muddy yard.
“You go in first but don't get cute. With all the thunder no one would hear a shot if I had to kill you,” Orlando hissed.
Hicks moved to the doorway and saw the small building was deserted. There were piles of junk and a lawn mower, but unfortunately no handy axes or sling blades he could use on his 'friend'. He walked inside and looked back over his shoulder. The kid, still pointing the gun at him, looked suspiciously at the interior for a few seconds before following him partly inside.

Orlando saw the dimly lit room had a bare light bulb hanging in the center over a rafter. He looked at the walls and saw there were no windows. In spite of killing the deputy earlier, he wasn't in any hurry to kill the agent.
There were two reasons for this. One, the deputy had been blocking his escape route and been armed. And secondly his hostage was unarmed, handcuffed, and potentially valuable. The walls seemed solid enough to hold him. But he felt a little insurance couldn't hurt.
“Okay Hicks, I'm going to give you your keys. You're going to unlock one handcuff and then lock your arms around that wooden post over by the lawn mower, just like with the tree. Then toss me the keys and I won't have to shoot you.”

Hicks looked at the thick wooden post and his eyes moved up and down its length. It was cemented into the ground and nailed to the rafters overhead. A slight shadowy form above almost made him react, but with effort he managed not to. He looked at the kid with the gun and nodded his head while moving to the post.
With the gun still pointed at him, Orlando dropped the set of keys into his hand.
Hicks released his right hand and while staring at the gun, he slowly latched the cuff again after hugging the post. Tossing the key ring back, he held his breath and hoped.
“That's real good, buddy. Now if you'd be a pal and tighten that handcuff down just a smidge tighter, I'll be letting you get some rest,” Orlando said, smiling.
Damn it, Hicks thought, as he clenched the cuff tighter.
“Good job. Now you just relax and have a granola bar,” Orlando said, tossing a small foil wrapped package at his feet. “You deserve it. Now be a good boy and go to sleep.” Laughing softly, he shut and padlocked the door from outside.

Hicks heard the man doing something outside the door for a few seconds before he sloshed away through the yard but held a finger to his lips as soon as he had closed the door. Looking up at the shadowy figure in the rafters, he whispered, “Shh.”
Whoever it was didn't respond and he wondered if it was a person at all. He didn't hear any sign of his captor as the rain continued to beat down on the roof and sighed in disgust looking around the small shed. The riding lawn mower was almost an antique and several rusty kerosene lanterns were hung on the wall near the door. The rest of the garage seemed to consist mainly of cardboard boxes in several stacks as far as he could see. His feet hurt and his shoes felt like they were full of water.
He started to lift his right foot to slip off the shoe when he spotted a small snake a few inches long coming around the corner of a box. From the bad lighting conditions, all he could be certain of was that it was a snake and it was slithering quickly toward him.

*****

Allison awoke in darkness as cold rain soaked her. Her head was aching and the rain sounded muffled as she rolled over on her side.
“Hello, Miss Candace? Are you out here?” She called out as she got to her hands and knees. She smelled burnt pine mixed with barbequed meat and something else she couldn't immediately identify. It was slightly bitter and made her eyes water. Managing to get one knee up she tried to stand only to fall back partly on the grass and partly on something soft. She swore under her breath as she reached into her jeans and fished out her lighter. Flicking the small wheel several times before giving up, she was about to put it back in her pocket when a flash of lightning illuminated her surroundings. Though only lit for a moment she remembered everything clearly.
The news van was still there, but its lights were all dark. In front of it, a melted smoking hunk of plastic stood on the tripod where the camera had been. It wasn't until the lightning was fading that she looked at what she was laying on.
WBIR's number one reporter, for lighter side news stories, had done her last broadcast. Her eye sockets were empty and overflowing with rainwater. The lovely, twice monthly dyed, blonde hair was burned to a crispy black consistency as small tendrils of smoke drifted up through the rain. Her stretched open lips were badly burnt and through them the very expensive capped teeth  now resembled nothing more than small black pebbles.
The deserted road and woods just outside of Ragland echoed with a long series of screams until Allison finally, mercifully, fell into unconsciousness.

*****

“My gal's a corker, she's a New Yorker. I buy her everything to keep her in style. She's got a pair of leg's just like two whiskey kegs. Yeah boys, that's where my money goes.” Drifted the singing stylings of a very inebriated James Anniston, from his room.
Even with his door closed, his singing was loud and clear as Alice finally finished stowing the groceries and climbed up to the front passenger seat.
Trevor glanced at her and saw the worried expression she was trying to hide. “Alice, you have to believe me, I swear he's never done anything like this before. It's totally out of character for him to do something like this,” Trevor said, joining the slow moving flow of traffic.
“Did you see his hand?” She asked, shaking her head. “It looks like it's broken. I saw it when I helped him out of his wet clothes. He yelped when I slid his shirt off over it, but when I asked him about it he just gave me that dopey grin and started singing again. We have to get him to a doctor.”
“We must have missed something important. Remember how distracted he was earlier? He knows something, and for him to polish off almost half a bottle of brandy, it has can't be anything good,” he said, driving back toward the interstate.
“We have to get him to a doctor,” she repeated.
“I know, but- Shit!” He swore, as traffic stopped again.
A few hundred feet ahead, at an intersection, a police car was parked next to a military Hummer. Both vehicles had their emergency lights flashing as MP's and police stopped cars, apparently checking ID's.
“Is it Wilcox?” She asked, in a quiet voice that trembled slightly.
He nodded and looked for a place to turn off before the intersection, but there was nowhere to go. Grabbing one of the three gaudy green and white hats with a small stuffed dragon on top he placed it on his head.
“Put on your hat and look happy,” he said, as traffic started to move forward.
“But, they've got the RV's license plates. We're screwed,” Alice said, holding and looking at the hat with the grinning dragon sitting on top.
“You have very little faith, Katie O'Brien. That's you name by the way. If they ask for your ID just say it's packed in the luggage somewhere. By the way, I'm Sean O'Brien your beloved husband for the last twenty five years.”
“I married you when I was fifteen? I think that's illegal, even in Alabama. And what about the license plates?”
“Listen to me. I worked in British Intelligence for almost two decades before we had a falling out. Avoiding entanglements with police, anywhere in the world, is something I've developed a knack for over the years.
I changed the license plates earlier today, while you and the old man were chatting at the park, right after we left the unforgettable courtesy of Colonel Wilcox. Since you were with us I chose an alias of husband and wife, namely the O’Brien’s. We live in Hunstville Alabama and are here visiting our daughter who's attending UAB.
But if they run the plates we're still screwed.” He exhaled sharply and smiled in a confused and harmless way as he rolled closer to the checkpoint. The officers and soldiers were all staring at Black Beauty as it came slowly forward.
“You were a secret agent?” Alice/Katie asked, smiling at the men shining bright lights in her face.
“Not now honey, let's see what we can do for the nice men.”
“Yes dear.”


CHAPTER TWELVE: Hookers and autopsies

Sitting on the hard sweat covered toilet seat, Thomas sighed in disgust and pain. He removed the cap on the bottle of pink medicine and swigged back another shot of the gooey foul tasting liquid.
In the TV commercials, the smiling spokesman always promised instant relief from stomach upset but Thomas still felt absolutely miserable. He'd lost track of how long he'd been in the bathroom. All that he was sure of was that his legs had fallen asleep. Staring at the window as thunder and lightning competed for his attention, Thomas felt as bored as he did sick.
While trying again to read the nearly microscopic print on the pink bottle's label, he heard someone knocking on the front door. Wishing he'd left it unlocked, Thomas quickly stood and promptly fell against the wall. He stomped his feet while pulling up his pants as he struggled down the hallway.
When he remembered his shotgun was still leaning in the corner of the bathroom, Thomas stopped in the middle of the living room and yelled, “Who's out there?”
A voice shouted back through the door, “Agent Hicks, FBI! Open up, we're looking for a scum bagged named Orlando Duprat.”
The old man walked to the door, looked through the peep hole and saw Hick's ID. He sighed in relief and opened the door.
Before he had time to step back, the door flew open knocking him to the floor. The old man shouted in shock and pain as he crashed onto the hardwood. There was a solid thunk sound as the back of his head hit the floor. In shock and barely able to focus, he stared up at the escaped criminal who was pointing a big gun at him.
“Hiya grandpa!” Orlando shouted with a big smile on his face, before slamming the door shut and locking it.
“You're Duprat. Oh God, please don't hurt me,” Thomas said in a trembling voice.
“Wouldn't dream of it, gramps. So, who else is home? You got any babes hiding around here?” Orlando asked, walking past the old man sprawled on the floor and looking down the hallway.
“It's just me here. What do you want? I don't have any money or anything.”
“You worry too much. You know that? I'll tell you what, you just keep laying down there and let me take a quick peek around. If you were telling the truth about no one else being here I won't have to stick this gun up your saggy ass and do something you wouldn't like,” Orlando said, before winking and continuing, “Or would you?”
Thomas felt the back of his head and looked at his blood covered fingers. Oh dear Jesus, I'm going to die, he thought, lowering his head back against the hardwood floor and remained still and silent as Duprat went down the hallway whispering, “Come out, come out wherever you are.”

*****

Word of the final dramatic report from WBIR's Candace Rogers from the small town of Ragland Alabama spread quickly, and not just around the local viewing area. After less than fifteen minutes of the broadcast, a pirated copy of the segment had been uploaded to the world’s most popular video sharing website. In less than an hour, the segment had been seen in nearly every country in the world.
Several viewer comments thought it was a pretty good Halloween hoax. A few made the mental connection between Palmerdale Alabama's recent nuclear blast and the lightning ball. But, nearly everyone's comments included references to aliens or aliens doing some anal probing on rednecks.

The Ragland Police Department was contacted by WBIR and told they'd lost contact with a remote truck doing a story. After relaying their last known location, a patrol car was sent out to investigate. Several cars and trucks were already at the site by the time it car arrived.
Avery Hartsman, who was perhaps the best known deer hunter in town, had hastily organized   the vehicles to prevent blocking the road and had them positioned so the headlights lit up the burnt and blackened TV truck and roughly a hundred yards of the woods beyond. The headlights of the patrol car shined on him, down on one knee holding a water bottle up so Allison could take a sip.
After telling his partner to call for an ambulance and paramedics, Deputy Collins grabbed the first aid kit from the trunk and hurried over.

“Evening Avery. What are you doing out here tonight?” The deputy asked, as he looked around at the still smoking remains of the news truck and two bodies covered with blankets.
“I recognized where they were while I was eating my dinner watching TV. Got here about five minutes ago. This little lady is the only one I found alive. I covered the others with my dogs blankets I keep in the back of my truck,” Avery said, while holding a large bright red umbrella over Allison's head.
The rain had become little more than a drizzle, but the wind was still blowing fairly strong.
“Hiya, Allie. Don't you worry. We got an ambulance on the way. Is there anything I can get for you?” Avery asked, forcing a pleasant look on his face as he saw the crispy black burnt remnants of her hair and shocked expression on her face.
“Miss Candace is dead. I was just talking to her and then there was this loud noise and when I woke up I found her dead. Why Lord? What happened?” Allison said in a weak, confused, and dazed voice before breaking into a quiet heartfelt whispered rendition of Amazing Grace.
Avery propped the umbrella up so she'd stay dry as the deputy went to check on the other bodies. He stood up and walked over to the milling group of gawkers standing around staring at the bodies and truck. Several of them were people he knew from past hunting expeditions. Making sure the deputy didn't see him, he waved them over to his truck and whispered, “Did you fellas bring yer guns?”
Five men nodded and headed back for their cars and trucks to retrieve them. Old Mr. Garvins, owner of Garvin's Garage in town, looked at Avery with doubt.
“What are you going to do?” He asked nervously.
“If you saw what I did on the TV you wouldn't ask something stupid like that. We're going out to find that thing,” Avery said, reaching into the back of his truck and pulling out his rifle.
“You think it was a spaceship, don't you?” Garvins asked, licking his lips unconsciously.
“Sure as shit wasn't a damned ghost ball. And if they're the ones that caused that explosion over in Pinson last week, I think they're overdue for a little payback; Redneck style,” Avery said, with a grim smile.
“Didn't bring my rifle, but I could carry a flashlight if you want me to come along,” Garvins said looking equally scared and determined.
“I'd be proud to have you come along, buddy. Pass the word to the fellas, we'll meet up on the other side of the van in couple of minutes and go get the fuckers who did this.”
“Sure you don't wanna tell the cops?” Garvins asked, watching the deputy's stringing yellow tape around the bodies and news truck.
Avery looked at him like he'd just farted, before whispering, “They'd fuck around and want to wait until the whole damn army got here or try to stop us from going in, saying some jackass thing like 'It isn't safe'. No, we're going in- just us. Now, go spread the word. It's payback time.”

*****

The rich soft red carpet seemed to suck at the captain's feet as he crossed the lobby of one of Washington DC's oldest and most infamous whore houses. A gallery of extremely beautifully crafted portraits of senators, congressmen, and several presidents lined the walls. At the front desk, which looked like it belonged in an old time hotel, a pretty young Japanese lady smiled at him and spoke in a beautifully melodic voice,  “Welcome to The American Inn. Do you have a reservation?”
“No ma'am,” the captain said blushing slightly. “I need to see one of your guests. I've been trying his phone, but he hasn't answered. It's very important that I see him. It's a matter of national security, in point of fact.”
“Who is it that you wish to see?”
“Admiral Brent Branson.”
She nodded, turned to a computer screen hidden under the counter and typed something quickly. Giving him a sympathetic look, she shook her head and said, “I'm very sorry. He left instructions not to be disturbed.”
“You don't seem to understand, Miss. I was sent here to bring him back to the Pentagon, immediately.”
She nodded and said, “Wait here, I'll get the manager,” before turning and going through a dark mahogany door.

Laughter drifted down the wide curving staircase behind the captain.
A senator from Oregon was coming down the steps with his arms draped over the shoulders of two beautiful young ladies. The redhead whispered something in his ear when they reached the lobby and he laughed again before sweeping her into a nearly rib snapping bear hug.
After glancing around the nearly empty lobby, he spoke softly yet loud enough for the captain to overhear. “Carla, if I could marry you I'd do it tomorrow. But we both know if anyone found about my favorite transvestite lover I'd never get re-elected. Now, if you'd get the sex change surgery who knows.”
“You'd never get to feel Mr. Happy again if it was gone. I know you wouldn't feel as deeply fulfilled without your weekly injections of love,” Carla said, and giggled as they continued across the lobby.
“You have a point there, and down there,” the senator said, then laughed as they went to the double doors leading to the street.

“Captain?” A large middle-aged man, who looked like he could have once been a professional wrestler, asked from behind the counter.
Turning away from the departing senator, he looked up at the manager. “Yes. I am Captain Rockford from the Pentagon. I need to speak with Admiral Branson immediately.”
“The admiral is a man of great passion, captain. And remarkable sustainability, if you take my meaning. To interrupt him would be simply unforgivable. Perhaps you'd like to have some refreshment in the bar. He should be done with his session soon and at that time, I personally will inform him you are here.”
The captain looked at his watch and grimaced before reaching for his cell phone. He saw there was no coverage and looked puzzled before the manager spoke again, “I'm sorry but the management, long ago, installed devices to prevent cell phones and other electronic devices from sending or receiving in this building. It's a precaution against, how should I say, eavesdropping. Whether from a jealous wife or the press, we believe it prudent that our guests feel safe here. There are courtesy phones in the bar. Please feel free to use them if you need to make a call.”
“Thank you sir, I'll do that,” Captain Rockford said, before passing an ornate statue in the middle of a fountain and heading to an archway where light jazz music drifted out.

*****

The policeman wearing a large yellow plastic poncho spoke up confidently as several military police walked around the RV. “Evening folks. May I see your driver's license please?”
“Sure thing, officer,” Trevor said, handing down one of his many fake driver's licenses. “Everything alright? I sure as heck know I wasn't speeding in this traffic.”
The officer shined his flashlight in Trevor's face and then looked back at the drivers license before speaking. “Nice rig you got here, Mr. O'Brien. You must really like sports.”
“You got that right. Our granddaughter got a scholarship to UAB. Have you ever seen the softball team play?”
“Nope, I'm more into NASCAR. You ever take this thing out to Talladega for the races?”
Trevor laughed. “No sir, too loud for an old man like me. Besides, my wife gets jealous when I stare at the ladies out there.”
“Now honey, don't say things like that,” Alice aka Katie said, playfully from the passenger seat.

A soldier walked up and whispered to the policeman. He nodded and smiled up at Trevor before asking, “So, it's just you and your wife aboard tonight?”
Trevor didn't like the way he asked the question and decided not to risk another lie. “Well, there's me, my wife Katie and her cousin Russell. He's a bit under the weather. If you want, you're welcome to come aboard and take a peek at him.”
“Has he been drinking?”
“Afraid so. But don't worry, I'd never let him drive this baby sober let alone drunk,” Trevor said smiling.
“Honey, he's not drunk. He's just a little tipsy,” she said, leaning over to look down at the policeman. “It's all his horrid wife's fault for leaving him. I bet you'd have a few drinks too if your wife of seven years just up and left you. She's a witch with a b in front, if you want to know the truth; Cheating on him with God only knows what kinds of freaks, with their two young children at home.”
“Katie, he's just using that as an excuse. And she left him over a month ago. I can't help it if your family is full of alcoholics. I didn't want to bring him along anyway. It was your idea, not mine!” Trevor yelled the last part at her.
The officer waved the soldiers out of the road as he shouted up at Trevor, “Sounds just like my family! Have a good night and drive carefully!”
“Thanks, you too!” Trevor shouted back before closing the window and driving away.

“I feel like we're a couple of outlaws,” Alice said with a small smile, after they drove through the checkpoint.
“That's us alright, Bonnie and Clyde. Hell, I even have a machine gun.”
“Since we're not off to jail or Guantanamo Bay the question remains; Where do we go and what do we do about Professor Anniston?” Alice asked as he drove onto the interstate.
Trevor didn't answer as he merged into traffic. He looked like he was trying to think, so she let him concentrate and fell silent.
She took the opportunity to look over the dashboard of the big RV again. It was very imposing compared to her little Honda Civic. She thought the sheer number and different types of dials and gauges looked like they belonged on a spaceship from a movie. The gauge for fuel was pointing almost to full. The speedometer was slowly inching up and then she noticed something blinking on the navigation computer screen that was sitting on the console between their seats. Rubbing her eyes and shaking her head she looked again before speaking.
“Does your map computer have voice recognition software?”
“Nope, it has satellite GPS tracking and all kinds of other bells and whistles but nothing like that. Why do you ask?”
Clearing her throat she read the words that were flashing on the screen. “Take Professor Anniston to Children's Hospital. Wait there for further instructions.”
“What?” He asked in confusion.
“It's a message. I didn't write it and if you didn't, the professor must have done it before he got drunk,” She said looking at the screen.
“I know I didn't write it and I doubt he did either. James hates computers, won't even touch them usually. Plus, why would he write such a weird message in the first place. No, this is nuts. It's like there's a ghost on board or something.”
“Not ghosts, my old friend. What we've got on board are aliens.” Anniston said softly, swaying slightly as he stood behind them.
“Sit down, before you fall down,” Trevor said nervously.
“Professor, are you alright? A little while ago you seemed...” Alice began to speak before the old man interrupted.
“Inebriated? Wasted? Blotto? Whichever colorful label you prefer, I assure you I was indeed very drunk. But right now I'm unaccountably and painfully sober,” Anniston said darkly as he sat down in the seat behind Trevor.
“But how and what did you mean by there are aliens on board? You're not serious. Why can't we see them if they're here?” Trevor asked doubtfully heading for an exit to the south side of Birmingham.
“I believe the message on the screen was their subtle way of allowing me to decide whether or not to tell you about them. I'm sorry for my behavior but from what I've learned, getting drunk seemed and indeed still seems like the best course of action.
My friends, I believe we should go where they suggest and I'll try and explain everything I know,” Anniston said sounding very near exhaustion.
“Okay, we'll go to Children's Hospital under two conditions. First, no more booze. You can't sing worth a damn. And second, go put on some pants before poor Alice loses her self control and jumps on you.”
Alice and Trevor laughed nervously as the old man noticed he was wearing just a pair of old boxer shorts. He grunted softly and clutched his head in pain.
It seemed the aliens could remove the symptoms of being intoxicated, but not the accompanying hangover. Or perhaps they could have done that as well and chose not to.

*****

The light emanating from the sphere wildly fluctuated from a dark gray to that equivalent to a sixty watt light bulb, as it sat in the middle of a small kudzu plant covered clearing. A high pitched whining sound cycled up when it was at its brightest, but the sound slowed and dropped in volume as it went to the darkest intensity. It had been doing this since landing several minutes earlier.
From between two badly scorched pine trees, Betty ran over and placed her hands on the sphere. Her eyes glowed a brilliant white as did her fingertips.
Rain fell and that was the only sound in the clearing for several minutes.
Gradually, the near silence was replaced by the sound of distant sirens echoing through the trees. Very slowly, a small rectangle of darkness grew larger on the sphere. When it was several inches across a crow came out and flew toward the sirens.
As Betty held her hands on the sphere its light and whining sound gradually became more steady.
After a few minutes the crow returned and flew back inside the sphere.
Betty turned away and looked into the trees as more sounds drifted toward her.
Shouting voices grew louder as the small rectangle began to shrink. When it was gone, she took her hands off the sphere. Betty watched it wobble unsteadily for several seconds before it fell back into the tangled vines while its light began to fluctuate again.
A flashlight beam lit the upper branches of a tree in the direction of the sirens as she bent over and lifted the sphere. Holding it against her chest, she ran back the way she had come.


On a hunch, Mendez headed to where she'd seen Allison earlier. The storm seemed to be dying down and the rain was now just a slight drizzle. Watching the road, she pulled out her phone and called Amalia to give her an update.
A man answered on the second ring. “This is Sergeant Jeffers.”
“Yes, this is federal agent Shannon Mendez. I need to speak to Amalia Armstrong is she there?”
“She's unable to take your call. Right now, she’s in surgery. Can I help you?”
“Surgery? What happened?” She asked, while swerving her car around a surprised raccoon that was staring wide eyed at her SUV.
“I'm not authorized to release that information over the phone.”
“Will she be okay?” She asked, as in the distance she spotted a police cruiser blocking the two lane road. Several other cars were lined up in front of her as she came to a stop.
“You should call the field office of the FBI in Birmingham. If you are actually with them, I'm sure they can help you.”
“Well shit. Can you at least take a message saying Shannon Mendez needs to talk with her?”
“Yes ma'am. Is that all you need?”
“No, but I think it's all you can do for me. Thanks anyway,” she said, ending the call and slipping the phone back in her jacket pocket.

An ambulance siren heralded its arrival and Mendez watched it pass by the line of cars before she pulled in behind it. As it went past the police roadblock she followed it through without bothering to flash her ID at the yelling deputy who was waving for her to stop.
Three police cars were parked on the side of the road when they pulled up to the news truck. A fire truck and paramedics were on the far side of it.
She looked at the nearly dozen civilian vehicles parked on the side of the road, with their headlights shining on the scene and wondered why there were only four spectators around them. A deputy was yelling something at her as she parked and started to climb out of her car.
“Who the Hell do you think you are! Get back in your vehicle and go home before I place you under arrest!”
For this deputy, she pulled out and flashed her ID as she walked by.
The ambulance attendants wheeled a stretcher across the road and she followed them while someone in the group of police shouted, “We found where they went into the woods!”
Another voice yelled back, “Okay, but don't go in until we get the go ahead from the sheriff!”

Mendez's heart skipped a beat when she saw Allison being moved onto the stretcher. The old lady looked bad with her burnt hair and shocked face.
But when she saw Mendez, her eyes cleared and she shouted to her. “Wasn't no damn ghost balls after all! Was some kind of spaceship! You're the lady from this morning, right?”
She walked over nodding and smiled reassuringly at her, while they rolled her toward the ambulance. “You we're right about one thing, Mrs. Taylor, there sure was something weird out in these woods. Don't you worry, they'll have you at the hospital soon.”
“Screw that, I ain't hurt. But they won't let me go. Would you do me a favor?” She asked weakly as she was lifted into the ambulance.
“Anything I can, sure.”
“If you see Michael Jackson take care of him. He's a good boy but kind of a scaredy cat when it's dark and stormy like it is tonight.”
Mendez nodded and promised, “If I see him I'll take care of him. Don't worry about it.”
“Thank you and God Bless,” Allison said, just before the ambulance doors were slammed shut.
“I thought Michael Jackson was dead? Crazy old bitch is probably senile or just stupid,” A deputy said to the ambulance driver as he hurried around to the driver side door.
Mendez started to say something, but shook her head realizing some people were just too stupid to try and correct.
She spotted a deputy she'd met earlier at the high school and listened in as he was talking to Sheriff Harrison over the radio. “The ambulance just now took the survivor to the hospital. Also, we found the trail the hunters took into the woods. Do you want us to go in after them? Over.”
“Negative. If a bunch of rednecks want to chase after ghosts or aliens I can't think of any law they're breaking. When the coroner gets there I need you guys to get back on the roadblocks for Duprat. We're still doing some hiking a few miles from where the wrecked cars were found. I think we're a little less than a mile from your location. The dogs are following something, hopefully it's him and not a damn squirrel. Hang on a sec- What did you find?”
Mendez nodded at the deputy as they overheard several voices overlapping from the radio. “I think we're on the right track. Someone just found a hotdog wrapper and it doesn't look like it's been out here too long. Over.”
“Still want the other units back at the roadblocks?” The deputy asked.
A long silence followed and he looked questioningly at Agent Mendez.
She shrugged and turned as a large tow truck pulled up.
“No. I just looked at a map and from the direction were going if it's Duprat he's gotta be heading for either the Carver's or McGee's places. Split up, take one unit with you to McGee's and send the others to the Carver's house.
Play it cool, no lights or anything. Park on the main road and walk up extra quiet like. If you see Orlando-” (There was another pause) “use your best judgment. If he's just hanging out getting comfortable don't move in. Call me back and give me the info. We're gonna try and pick up the pace out here and see if we can't hook up with you over there. Got it?” The sheriff asked, sounding exhausted.
“Yes sir. We'll get back with you when we know what's what.”
“One more thing. We're pretty sure, if it's Duprat, he's got a hostage. A fed by the name of Hicks. Be careful. Over and out,” Harrison said.

“Orlando's got Hicks? What the Hell is going on?” Mendez asked in exasperation.
“Someone found a couple of cars crashed a few miles from here. One belonged to the sheriff. Orlando stole it after he broke out of jail. The other one belonged to the Sonny James car dealership,” the deputy explained.
“Knowing Hicks personality, it's a miracle Duprat didn't just shoot him. When you guys go check out the houses I'm coming along,” Mendez said, before turning and trotting back to her car.

*****

General Heller and seven military police briskly entered the lobby of The American Inn. Two of them secured and stood by the door as the others accompanied the general to the front desk.
“Where's Branson!?” Heller yelled at the lady behind the counter.
She looked at his furious face and then the group of large armed soldiers before running through the door behind the counter.
“General. I didn't mean for you to have to come here,” Captain Rockford said, as he quickly crossed the lobby coming out of the bar.
“Do you have a problem?” The big man asked, coming through the door behind the counter and looking down at the general.
“If you don't tell me where Admiral Brent Branson is, immediately, these men will do something to you. It will be something you will find extremely painful and most unpleasant,” Heller said in a low voice, gesturing to the men slapping their riot clubs in the palms of their hands.
“Listen to me, friend. This establishment has protection from the highest offices in Washington. With one call I can-” the big man started to say before he was interrupted.
“Men,” Heller growled, “hurt this man until he becomes cooperative and get a key for Branson's room.”
The soldiers jumped over the counter and started beating the manager as Heller turned and walked quickly toward the staircase.
Briefly watching the military police do their duty, before turning away, the captain saw the guards at the door were preventing anyone from coming or going. Rockford followed Heller and halfway up the stairs the five soldiers, that had persuaded the manager to give them the admiral's room number and an electronic passkey, joined them.
A few seconds later Heller looked at the captain as they walked down a hallway. “Did you ever watch that TV show The Twilight Zone?”
“Uh, no sir. I mean to say I watched a couple of them, but didn't care too much for it. It just seemed kind of way out there,” the captain said.
As they arrived at Branson's room, Heller nodded as a soldier inserted the card key in the door. “That's a shame son. There have been developments down in Alabama that make Branson seem more than a bit suspicious. I'm afraid we might be entering our very own episode of The Twilight Zone. It's a shame you didn't watch it more often. It might have helped you prepare for what might be inside,” Heller said, pushing the door open after looking at the five grim faced military police officers and making sure they we're ready.

*****

“Nothing makes a bad day seem a little better than a few cold beers. Am I right or am I right, gramps?” Orlando asked, with a smile on his face and half a bottle of beer in his right hand.
Thomas nodded as he sat nervously on the couch holding his aching head with one hand.
After searching the house, to make certain they were alone, Orlando made himself comfortable in the recliner. Lying back he flipped through the channels and grunted in disgust. “Damn it, gramps, don't you have any porn channels?”
“No sir. My wife won't let me watch that stuff,” Thomas said, looking at the badly beaten young man sitting in his chair and worried. What am I going to do if Sally comes home? This guy's dangerous. He might be crazy too. Might want to rape her or kill her. Or kill her and rape her. Either way it's bad.
Glancing up over the fireplace he saw his shotgun wasn't there. He tried to remember what he'd done with it, but ever since Orlando had burst in and knocked him to the floor his brain had been uncooperative. Not caring if the young man saw, he gently rubbed the back of his head and felt a tender area that had swollen up almost to the size of a golf ball.
Orlando laughed as he shut off the TV and finished his beer. “Sorry about your boo-boo, old man. I'd kiss it and make it all better, but I'm just about ready to hit the road,” Duprat said, climbing out of the recliner. “I know you're gonna miss me, but I bet you'll miss that old truck of yours even more. So, you give me the keys and I'll be gone like a bad dream after daybreak.”
Thomas looked through his pockets and found his wallet and keys were missing. He looked up at the young man saying, “Can't find ‘em. Give me a chance. I must have put ‘em down somewhere. I can find ‘em. Just let me look around.”
“I'll give you a couple minutes, gramps. Find them and don't try something stupid like running off,” Orlando said, setting the backpack down by the front door.

Not knowing where to look, Thomas checked his pockets again as he hurried toward the kitchen. After not finding them there, he considered the bedroom briefly before deciding to try the bathroom. He went in the bathroom as Orlando was yelling for him to hurry up.
On the counter by the sink he spotted his key ring, his wallet, and then his shotgun leaning in the corner by the toilet. Trembling considerably, he heard Orlando walking around his living room and picked up the shotgun and made sure it was loaded. After confirming it was, he snapped it shut and shuddered harder. It was an old double barrel shotgun and he hadn't had the need to fire it for almost twenty years. Does ammunition go bad over time? He wondered, while cocking the gun.

*****

The rain had stopped completely by the time the hunters reached the clearing where the sphere had been.
Avery pointed at the burnt limbs that nearly every tree facing the open space had.
Garvins shined the flashlight on the limbs and noted a few were still smoldering. The other men were whispering as Avery looked for any signs. Having served in Vietnam long ago, he could tell if a man or animal had passed through the woods with equal certainty.
After a minute of slowly walking around the edge of the clearing, he gestured for Garvins to come over and pointed at the ground.
In a small mud puddle the light shined on part of a small shoe's tread print.
“Could be old. Maybe some kids were out here earlier today,” Garvins suggested, as Avery squinted into the woods in the direction the print was pointed.
“Maybe there were, but this print's fresh. It wouldn't be here after the rain we just had. No, someone or something's been here and they went this way,” he whispered, as he gestured into the woods with his rifle.
Garvins nodded in agreement as the other men continued to whisper and look at the burnt tree branches.
Avery called them over and pointed out the tread print in the mud. “Whoever it was went this way,” he said, looking into their shadowy faces. “I'm going after them and find out what the Hell is going on around here. One or two of you guys should head back to the road and tell the cops what we found. The rest of us will keep following the trail. Who wants to go back?”
Three of the five men raised their hands simultaneously.
Avery grunted in disgust, but held back from speaking his thought with great difficulty, Bunch of damn pussies.
Part of him understood how they felt. They'd already seen the bodies of a few people who'd apparently been electrocuted or worse. The smell of burnt pine and darkness didn't help matters either. He looked at the one man who didn't raise his hand to go back and nodded before speaking. “Okay, you three go tell the cops what we found. The rest of us will make a lot less noise than if we all went anyway.”
One of the hunters going back whispered, “Be careful,” before turning away and following the others back to the road.
Be Careful, Avery thought, fighting back a laugh. Someone nukes a town just north of here, less than a week ago. And now somebody or something just fried some poor bastards in a news truck and they want me to be careful.

*****

Alice brought three cups of hot tea over to the table in the kitchenette where Professor Anniston and Trevor were sitting and joined them. She took her cup and looked worriedly at the old man before glancing at Trevor.
He shrugged as he lifted his cup and took a sip.
A long awkward silence stretched out until she finally spoke. “James, listen to me. Whatever you've learned, no matter how bad it is, you can tell us. We want to help, but if you just keep it all bottled up inside we can't.”
Anniston grunted and toyed with his cup of tea. He seemed despondent as he stared at the dark steaming liquid.

Trevor was worried. He'd never seen him so indifferent to his appearance before. His hair was uncombed and he was dressed in just his terry cloth white robe he'd bought in Vegas on a whim, years ago. Maybe he just needs some sleep, he hoped, as he stifled a yawn. Hell, I know I need some.
“You don't want to talk about it. I can see that,” Alice said slowly, feeling like she was walking in a mine field. “No matter how bad you think it is we'd like to try and help.” She paused and looked at the old man as he closed his eyes and sighed softly.
Deciding to try a more forceful approach, she leaned forward saying, “Listen James, you need to snap out it. We need to know what's going on. You can't leave us out of the loop.”
“Alice, sweet Alice,” Anniston said, shaking his head. “I can sum up our situation in one aptly short, if not vulgar phrase. We are fucked.”
Trevor looked at his old friend and asked, “If we're so fucked, why did the” he coughed, apparently having a difficult time saying the next word, “aliens want us to go to Children's Hospital at all? If they wanted us dead, why bother communicating with us at all for that matter? If they're willing to talk there must be something they want. Have they told you-” he paused briefly again before saying, “that it's all over?”
The old man looked up from his teacup and trails of tears were clearly visible running down his basset hound cheeks from his bloodshot eyes. “I tried calling General Heller while you were in the store. I thought maybe they could make use of the information I'd learned. I thought maybe there was hope for humanity.
But I realize now, if the fools have put that moron Colonel Wilcox in command, we are truly a world filled with idiots who don't belong on this island Earth any longer,” he said, before lowering his head into his folded arms resting on the table.
Alice and Trevor exchanged worried glances as the old man cried softly.

Realizing nothing more could be gained by talking, at least for now, Trevor suggested they call it a night and try to get some sleep.
Alice nodded and offered to help get Anniston back in bed, but Trevor just shook his head and helped the old man down the hall and into his bedroom. He collapsed on the bed and rolled over on his side, seeming to fall instantly asleep.
Trevor wasn't fooled as he crossed over and opened the small closet. On the top shelf, above several suits and shirts, he reached up and pulled out an old shoebox. Opening it he looked at the pistol inside.
It was a beautiful Colt that Anniston had been awarded by the British High Command after the war. He'd seen it a few times and the letter of appreciation that accompanied it, signed by Winston Churchill himself.
After lifting the gun out, he returned the box to the shelf. Carrying it he paused before shutting the door, as Anniston began to snore. Looking at the gun, feeling it's weight and knowing some of the history behind it, Trevor wondered if his old friend was right about the hopelessness of the situation. He closed the door softly and thought about the years they'd spent together.
James was always the optimist. If it's as bad as he thinks maybe suicide might not be such a bad idea. Somehow they sobered him up in less than thirty minutes after he'd finished off a little more than half a bottle of brandy. And apparently, they're inside the RV with us right now. Are they invisible?
He stared at the small living room where Alice was asleep on the couch. Trying to relax his eyes he looked suspiciously at the quiet room.

Several years ago a series of graphic books were published that had pictures that seemed like abstract designs. When the viewer allowed their vision to wander instead of concentrating on the picture, a hidden image would sometimes appear. Trevor thought maybe that was what was going on and stared at the empty room until his head began to ache.
Giving up, he went into his small bedroom which he'd offered to Alice.
She refused, saying it made her feel claustrophobic. The living room was somewhat larger so he took her choice at face value.
He placed the pistol under his mattress and sat on the edge of the bed. Looking out his window, the red neon sign with the words Emergency Room glowed brightly. Leaning his face against the glass, he looked up at the Children's Hospital and wondered if his old friend was right. Is it all hopeless?

*****

“What do you mean you can't do an autopsy!?” Colonel Wilcox asked furiously.
The Major tried explaining again. “See this?” He asked, pointing to Colonel Aswan's file on his laptop computer. “It says, 'Due to religious prohibitions, under no circumstances can Colonel Aswan Hussein be autopsied.' It's not that uncommon a restriction, colonel. But it is a court martial offense to violate it.”
Wilcox glared at the doctor and considered making him do it at gunpoint if necessary. He'd spent the last three hours explaining what had happened to Colonel Abrahms and General Heller, via a secure video line to the Pentagon, and wasn't in the mood to listen to bureaucratic bullshit.
It was only because the Military Police investigators had determined it was Armstrong who had shot Aswan that they'd even listened to him after he was caught. The rest of the events were unclear and since she hadn't regained consciousness the only confusing version of events they had was Wilcox's.

Abrahms troops had caught him, some might say sneaking around, near the motor pool. And since he'd been threatened with arrest, Wilcox felt he had nothing to lose by confessing what he'd seen and done regarding Aswan. But he felt it prudent to leave out certain damning parts of the story like his holding Armstrong hostage at gunpoint.
His story seemed wholly unbelievable to both Abrahms and Heller and without the small glass-like cube he'd stolen, he was sure he'd be sitting in a jail cell instead of arguing with a doctor in the temporary infirmary.
Special military research and intelligence had been ordered to investigate the cube and report their findings, but that was over an hour ago and he was determined to get proof of Aswan's alien origin even if he had to go to the morgue himself and slice up his body. “Tell me this, doctor, what will you be doing with his body if not an autopsy?”
“Next of kin will be notified by command, probably first thing in the morning. They'll then arrange to have the remains shipped somewhere for burial, I would imagine,” the doctor explained, as if it were the most obvious thing in the world.
“Is there a regulation against my taking photographs of Aswan's body?” Wilcox asked, knowing there wasn't but asking anyway.
“No. Of course not but the military police must surely have taken some where he was killed. Why would you want more pictures?” The doctor asked suspiciously.
“That's classified information. So, let's go see his body,” Wilcox said, with a grim smile.
“I've seen it,” the doctor said, before turning to an orderly who was working diligently at a Sudoku puzzle book at the desk across the small infirmary. “You, private. Earn your keep and take the colonel to the morgue to view the remains of Hussein. He is to just take pictures, not disturb the body, you got that?”
The private stood up and said, “Yes sir.”
“Thank you for your help, doctor, what little there was of it will be in my report to General Heller. Lead on private,” Wilcox said, before stomping after the orderly.

The private led Wilcox through the giant inflatable infirmary tent, a hallway, and a storage area before pointing at an aluminum staircase that led up to the back of a refrigerated tractor trailer that had been backed up against the tent. He unlocked the padlock and opened one of the double doors.
A gust of frigid air billowed out as Wilcox started to climb the stairs.
Shuddering from the cold, he looked at the private. “Are there any parkas around here?”
“Yes sir, there's a few just inside hanging on the wall,” he replied, climbing up on a gurney and sitting down with his Sudoku puzzle book open in his lap.
Wilcox wondered at the stupidity of storing coats inside the nearly icy confines of the portable morgue before climbing up. He noticed the private absorbed in his book and almost asked if he was coming along before he caught himself. Better that I go alone anyway.

The stainless steel floor had a rubber mat that ran the length of the trailer down the center. The morgue drawers were stacked four high, lengthwise on either side. After shrugging on a huge parka, Wilcox examined those drawers that had placards on them looking for Aswan.

*****

Jake was bored.
He couldn't sleep any longer and lying around felt like torture. Swinging his legs over the edge of the bed and sitting up, he felt a brief wave of dizziness. He looked at the clear plastic tube that was taped securely to his arm and saw it was attached to a bag hanging from a pole.
The pole had wheels on the bottom and he grabbed onto it. He pulled it and was relieved when they didn't squeak. Of course, with my dad snoring like a chainsaw I could probably yell and no one would hear me, he realized with a smile, as he glanced at his dad stretched out on the big chair in the corner of the room.
Slowly, he let his feet touch the cold tiled floor. Slower still he let his weight slide off the mattress and onto his bare feet. His legs shook slightly as he rolled the pole and shuffled over to the window. He wondered what time it was as he stared across the slumbering city of Birmingham below.
It felt late at night or early in the morning. Either way, he felt much better standing and looking at the lights.
The needle in his arm was more annoying than painful and not for the first time he wondered what would happen if he yanked it out. He looked at the tubing and saw a blue clamp that would stop whatever was dripping into his arm a few inches from where the needle was taped down. What would happen if I yanked it out? I probably wouldn't die but who knows? He wondered as he felt the small clamp with his fingers.
As he pondered a quiet click and whoosh of air made him look up in alarm.

“What do you think you're doing?” An angry whispered voice called out, a moment before a fat woman with a grumpy expression on her face seemed to materialize before his eyes. She took him by the arm that didn't have the needle in it and marched him back to bed. “You get back in there before I get in trouble.”
Jake almost fell over as she pulled and pushed him back to the bed. “I didn't do anything wrong. I just wanted to get up for a minute,” Jake whispered back, as he was pushed onto the bed.
“Listen to me, boy, and listen good. I don't care what the TV people said about you being a hero and such nonsense. To me you're a patient and an annoying one at that. So you just lay back and go to sleep before you get me into trouble,” she said, while checking his IV tubing.
“Who said I'm a hero?” He asked in bewilderment.
“Don't you worry about that now. You need to go to sleep.”
“Well, I'll try but I'm really not sleepy. What time is it anyway and what's your name?” He asked as the fat nurse started to walk away.
She looked back at him saying, “I'm Nurse Sandman, and it's time for you to go sleepy time.”
Jake grunted in disgust as she went out of the room.

Staring at the shadows dancing across the ceiling, Jake wondered about what the nurse had said. A hero, who me? How could anyone mistake me for a hero? All I did was almost die at the hands of a nasty douche bag. He closed his eyes and tried again to remember something from yesterday.  
Frodo and I were jogging to the football field. The gate was locked and I...I... we went through the culvert. I dropped my phone. I thought it was broken. But dad said I used it to call 911. He concentrated and felt something coming. I didn't call 911, the girl did. The girl I thought was an angel called for help. But why didn't she stay? A sudden image of Orlando swinging the crowbar down on Frodo's head and the sickening sound of the dog's skull cracking came to him with such vividness he sat upright in his bed and almost shouted out loud.
He killed Frodo! I remember the bones cracking and the blood. But just last night dad told me Frodo was staying with the Owens family. Was he lying? Why? Frodo didn't like the girl. He was barking at her. Jake looked over at the window. His head throbbed as he closed his eyes and tried not to think about anything.
It's a hard thing to try and not think, he thought. It's sort of like Christmas Eve, whenever I try to stop thinking about what presents will be under the tree the next morning. Or like when I try and not think of something horrible or gross, like road kill, it always seems to pop back in my head. A series of flashing unbidden images ran through his mind and he shook harder as they went faster, repeating themselves. Orlando killing his dog. The knife stabbing into his stomach. Orlando's evil smile.
And then he saw the girl looking down at him with the blue sky behind and her blonde hair shining in the sunlight. He focused on her face and slowly relaxed. She kept the whirling confusing thoughts away and gradually Jake relaxed. His last conscious thought, before drifting asleep with a smile on his face was, I think I'm in love.

*****

“Fuck!” Agent Hicks screamed as he jumped and stomped down on the copperhead snake that was moving toward him. He felt its head being crushed under his shoe as the body continued to spasmodically twist and move for a few more seconds. His heart was pounding hard, but he started to calm down as the snake finally stopped moving.
It was a short lived moment of relief as he spotted two more snakes moving toward him.
“Get up off the ground, you damn fool!” Sally yelled down from her rafter perch.
He took the advice and quickly climbed up on the hood of the old riding lawnmower. The thin rusty metal creaked and bent a little under his weight but he was out of reach of the snakes, at least for the time being.
“Why are you in here? And what’s with the handcuffs?” She called down.
“I'm with the FBI. Name is Agent Simon Hicks and a dirt bag I never saw before brought me here and locked me up. Now, you tell me, who are you?”
“I'm Sally McGee. This is my garage. Pleased to meet ya. You best be careful, there's a bunch more of those snakes down there and they're meaner than a cat tossed in a tub of cold water.”

Looking down, he saw one of the snakes go under the mower as a couple more came around the corner of an old crate. Reaching up, he grabbed onto a rafter and tried to pull himself up higher. The old board seemed solid despite the creaking and groaning sounds it made and he grabbed another with his other hand. It was very awkward to do because of his hands being cuffed around the support beam.
“Ooh, look out mister!” Sally shrieked, as she spotted one coming up over the mower's seat almost within striking distance on the man's legs.
Not bothering to look down, Simon pulled himself up toward the rafters and swung his legs. It had been a long time since he'd done gymnastics in high school and he'd certainly added more than a few pounds since then, but luckily he'd kept up a rigorous exercise routine over the years and was still in very good shape. Swinging back and forth, he managed to catch a foot over one of the rafters and stopped to catch his breath.
“We're you in the Olympics?” Sally asked sincerely impressed.
Not answering, he kicked up and caught his other foot over another rafter. Hanging onto the creaking boards he thought, If it weren't for the handcuffs this would be so friggin easy. It feels like I'm doing a Harry Houdini trick for an audience of one.
His arms were already getting tired as he looked down and counted at least six snakes slithering around below. He tried to remember what he'd heard about copperheads. They're poisonous but people rarely die if bitten. But it's painful- very painful.
The rafter, his right hand was gripping, made an alarming cracking noise and that was all the warning he got before the board snapped. He jerked his head out of the way as a long section of wood clattered to the floor.
The tin roof groaned above him and bowed downward where the broken rafters supports had fallen away.

Sally felt bad for the stranger, but as the network of interconnected rafters shuddered she felt the old piece of plywood she'd been sitting on starting to break apart. Grunting, she hauled herself up and laid across four rafters. The narrow wooden edges dug into her body and it was all she could do not to start crying. It felt like the rafters were trying to slice her into four semi equal portions.
She looked over and saw the stranger had managed to climb up and was sitting on top of the wooden post, now that one of the rafters was gone. Because of the handcuffs, he was bent over low and he looked at her apologetically before speaking. “I'm sorry about this ma'am. I'm not much of a hero, I know.”
Despite the pain caused by her body being pressed against the rafters, she managed a slight smile saying, “That's alright young man. You're doing the best you can. And that's all the Good Lord expects of anyone.”

*****

Trembling and shuddering, Thomas closed the bathroom door and then as an afterthought locked it. Glancing up at the small window, he shook his head as he backed away from the door. For a moment he saw himself going out into the living room and confronting Duprat, but then he imagined what would most probably happen and decided to stay in the bathroom. Seeing that the door was lined up in a straight line to where he stood, Thomas stepped into the old claw foot metal bathtub and took several deep breaths hoping Duprat would just go away.
The doorknob jiggled for a moment and then there was a soft tapping sound followed by Orlando's voice. “Knock knock.”
Thomas pointed the shotgun at the door, took a deep shuddering breath, and waited.
“Hey gramps, I said knock knock. You're supposed to say who's there. What say we try it again. Knock knock.”
Thomas cleared his throat and yelled in a strained voice, “Get the hell out of my house! I got a shotgun and I'll use it if I have to!”
A long silence followed before Orlando asked, “Do you usually keep a gun in your bathroom? I think you're fibbing, old man. So, just open the door before you piss me off or just tell me where the keys to your truck are and I'll let you get back to sitting around gathering dust.”
“You ain't taking my truck anywhere. I got the keys and you ain't getting them either,” Thomas said, trying his best to sound tough.

Orlando sighed and backed up a step before kicking at the bathroom door. He knew the old man was bluffing about having a gun, but did believe him when he said he had the truck keys. The sturdy old door rattled in its frame and silently Orlando swore as his ankle bent painfully.
In movies it always looks so easy to kick in a door, he thought, while hopping on his other foot. Leaning against the wall, he pulled out the big Glock he'd taken off Hicks aimed at the doorknob and opened fire. The first two bullets slammed into the wood just above it, but the third seemed to vaporize the dull brass knob and the locking assembly behind it.
The bullet holes were rough, ragged and nearly the size of his fist. The door creaked as it swung partly open and Orlando called out, “Didn't hit you, did I grandpa?”
Favoring his uninjured foot he limped along, holding onto the wall for support, to the door and pushed it open.

Thomas saw the door swinging open and screamed as he fired both barrels of the shotgun simultaneously. Unfortunately for the old man, the recoil coupled with the damp slipperiness of the tub sent him tumbling backward.
The vinyl shower curtain (decorated with ducklings holding umbrellas over their heads) ripped free of the hooks that had been holding it up. The shotgun clattered into the tub as he fell onto the bathroom floor wrapped up inside the curtain.
Thomas saw a cute duckling smiling at him a moment before losing consciousness.

Orlando fell back on the floor when the shotgun fired.
This was only part of the reason he lived. The other was the type of door he was standing behind. Unlike most modern houses, the McGee's interior doors were built of solid wood. Had it been one of the common hollow core doors found in most newer houses Orlando would have been blown into several unsightly chunks of torn bloody parts.
Several small holes were in the door and through them Orlando saw light shining from the bathroom as he slowly and cautiously stood up again.
He was tired of playing games and fired the rest of the Glock's clip into the bathroom through the shut door. By the time the gun clicked empty, the door could hardly be considered a 'door' any longer except by the most generous of definitions. The hinges still hung tenaciously to a few ragged chunks of wood, but the rest was strewn across the bathroom in pieces both great and small.
Limping cautiously forward, Orlando dropped the empty Glock when he spotted the old man's crumpled body wrapped in a shower curtain and covered in bits of splintered wood. Pulling out Sheriff Harrison's pistol, he saw the key ring on the counter by the sink. He spit at the old man's body and said, “Should have just given me the keys you dumb, dead, old, fart.”
Picking up the keys, he turned and limped back down the hallway.

*****

“So you're a secret agent? Did you ever find yourself in a situation like this before?” Sally asked.
“No Ma'am. And like I said before, I'm not a secret agent. I'm a field investigator with the FBI,” Hicks said, trying his best to keep from showing his irritation.
“What's the FBI doing here in Ragland? Out looking for moonshiners? If you are, shame on you. My grandpa had a still once and if he hadn't a lot of my relatives would have starved to death back in the depression.
You'd think the FBI would be out looking for terrorists or something serious,” Sally said, trying to shift her weight so the top part of the rafters she was laying on wouldn't dig into her body so painfully.
“I'm not hunting moonshiners,” Hicks replied, as he felt his butt going numb from sitting on top of the support beam he'd been perched on for the last fifteen minutes. He grabbed onto a rusty nail that was sticking out of the rafter, that his hands were handcuffed near, and tugged on it for a few  seconds before grunting in disgust.
“I'm out here with my partner investigating a report of something odd that happened with a man named Craig Owens. Would you know him?”
“Oh yeah, he's a sweet kid. Always brings us a pumpkin around this time of year and at Thanksgiving. Of course, I always make his family a pie in return. I make a fairly respectable pumpkin pie, believe it or not.
Thomas, my husband, always likes it with whipped cream on top. Personally, I'm partial to vanilla ice cream,” Sally revealed, as she rolled herself slowly across the rafters. “What do you want that nail for anyway?”
Gonna slit my wrists with it, he thought but answered, “I was going to try and pick the handcuff lock. It's hopeless anyway. The nail is too thick. What I really need is a paperclip.”
“I saw a movie once where a guy used a bobby pin to do that. Could you do it with one of those?”
“What's a bobby pin?”
“Oh, you young people today with your hula hoops and internets.
A bobby pin is what a lady uses to hold her hair in place and it looks like this,” she said, reaching up into her gray hair and chuckling. She showed him a two inch long bobby pin in the palm of her hand.
His eyes opened wide. “Do you think you could roll over here and drop it in my hand?”
“I don't see why not,” she said, slowly rolling closer. “As long as you don't forget about getting me out of here too.”

Betty stood outside the shed peeking in through a small gap between the door and wall at Sally and a man she'd never seen before. She looked at the padlock that secured the door shut for several seconds as she held the pulsating sphere in both hands. It was still fluctuating between almost black and a forty watt bulb. The whining sound was at a steady low level that neither the man or Sally could hear inside. Betty saw a snake moving across the shed's floor and nodded slightly as she looked back at the two people up in the rafters.

Several gunshots from inside the house made Sally shriek from inside the shed.
Betty turned and saw a flashlight's beam in the tree branches back the way she had come through the woods. Her head tilted slightly before she looked down at the muddy ground for a few seconds. She turned toward the front of the house and saw three shadowy figures, stooped low, running up the driveway.
Whispered voices came from the woods and now a second flashlight beam joined the first.
Turning to the rear of the house, she stared at the wooden picnic table near the back porch. Squatting down low, with the sphere held against her chest, Betty remained motionless for a few seconds before leaping across the thirty-six feet of soggy grass and leaves and landing on top of the wooden table.
It creaked and a board cracked lengthwise as the legs of the table sank several inches into the muddy ground, but it didn't break as she looked back at the shed.
A man holding a rifle moved slowly out of the tree line and appeared to be looking at the shed. While he was distracted by Sally's loud cries coming from inside, Betty jumped down onto the brick patio. She went to the double doors that led down to the cellar and looked at the rusty padlock that held it shut.
Reaching down she grabbed and squeezed it.
The metal made a soft squeaking noise before popping open. She slid the ruined padlock in her pants pocket and opened a door to the cellar. Taking the sphere down the cellar steps she pulled shut the door behind her.

*****

Colonel Wilcox felt his fingers aching from the bitter cold in the morgue and shoved his hands into the borrowed parka's pockets. He felt something inside and pulled out a pair of thick gloves. Quickly slipping them on, he continued down the narrow hallway checking the drawers for Aswan's name tag. One drawer had a red tag tied to the handle.
Pursuant to Federal Regulation DMP 4521-1964 the remains herein are under no circumstances to be disturbed in any manner, until relatives are contacted, under penalty of law.
Wilcox had seen a few warning tags like this before.
Military personnel, of all service branches, had the right to have their remains returned to their family undisturbed. It was one of the hundreds of forms new soldiers had to fill out during their induction process. Most people never even bothered to sign it and those who did usually had religious reasons for doing so.
Wilcox ignored the tag and pulled open the drawer holding Colonel Aswan Hussein's remains.

Body bags are made out of a thick tough plastic that usually lay flat against the corpse. Sometimes, if body bags containing a corpse were stored out in the sun under hot conditions for an extended period of time they would puff up slightly.
While serving in Iraq at a remote outpost one of the bodies had been mislaid and hadn't been found for three days. The bag in that case looked very similar to Aswan's. The natural decomposition process had released various gases which in turn had inflated the body bag.
Wilcox had been extremely pissed off on that occasion, but standing in the back of a freezing cold morgue he was confused. It just shouldn't look like that. It's like a balloon at some demented birthday party, he thought, reaching for the zipper while at the same time considering just leaving it alone. I know he wasn't human. Aswan even admitted he wasn't. What if it's some kind of poison gas in there? Taking a deep breath, he yanked the zipper down in one swift movement.

A cloud of foul smelling steamy air rushed out making Wilcox back up a few steps. Even while holding his breath, he could smell a combination of burnt and spoiled bacon or ham among other nastier more difficult to recognize aromas. Fighting back the urge to vomit, he peered in the bag and saw most of the body had somehow already decomposed into a vile looking soup of blood, bones, organs, intestines, and small patches of skin.
He checked his watch and realized Aswan had been dead for less than eight hours.
In the lower abdominal area there were several small broken white round things roughly the size of bird eggs. Poking one with the tip of his pen, it bobbed in the soup of fluids. Thinking they might be important, he steered several of the shell fragments alongside what looked like a piece of large intestines.
Gotta find something to put them in, he thought looking around.
A small plastic cooler was at the end of the trailer on the floor.
Hurrying over and lifting it, he felt its lightness and realized it was empty. On the lid it had a sticker with the words 'For Organ Donation use ONLY!' written on it. Under the sticker someone had scribbled with a marker 'Put your beer in an empty drawer'.
Popping the cooler lid open, he tried to fish out some of the shell fragments with his pen but the smell seemed to be getting worse by the moment. His eyes were watering as his stomach rumbled uneasily.
“Fuck it,” he muttered and reached into the soupy mess to scoop them out with his gloved hand.

“Hey, what's that stink down there!?” The orderly called out, from the door to the morgue.
Looking over Wilcox shouted back, “None of your damn busine- Ahhh!”
The private heard Wilcox screaming and yelling for help. He stood irresolute outside the morgue trailer as images of every horror movie about zombies and other monsters flashed through his mind. Nope. This is where some poor sap gets killed running in trying to help. Not me, no thanks.
Deciding prudence was the best course of action, he slammed shut the heavily insulated doors on the back of the refrigerated truck morgue and locked them. Muffled yells, screams, and threats came through the door as the orderly turned and ran away.

*****

Wiggling his toes through the warm mud as he reclined in the large sunken tiled tub, Admiral Branson felt wonderfully relaxed. He'd finished with his lady friends over an hour earlier and had been fighting against his drooping eyelids for most of that time. Yawning, he was considering getting out of the tub when the door to the bathroom was flung open and four military police ran inside.
“What do you think you're doing!?” He bellowed, suddenly wide awake and extremely pissed off.
“Room's clear!” One of them called back through the open doorway.
General Heller and Captain Rockford walked in and looked down at the naked sputtering red faced admiral. “Sergeant, you and your men may wait in the outer room. If the admiral attempts to leave the room without us, you are to shoot him dead immediately. Do you understand?”
“Sir, yes sir,” the sergeant said, before leading his squad out of the bathroom.
General Heller sat down on tiled bench and looked at Rockford. “See if you can find a thermostat for this room, captain. It's a little too stuffy for my taste.”
Rockford nodded and began looking at the walls for the thermostat.

“Brent, I don't know how to put this, so let me be blunt. Aswan Hussein is dead,” Heller said with no expression on his face.
“That's terrible news, but still no excuse for you to come charging in here with your tribe of trained gorillas,” Branson said sulkily, sinking back into the tub.
“Aren't you curious about the circumstances leading to his death? About some of the interesting things he told us before his head was blown apart, perhaps?”
“Please do tell, but if it's not the greatest story I've ever heard I'll have your ass for this,” Branson said, looking down at the mud instead of Heller's face.
“Don't try and play coy Brent. We've played poker together for far too long for that to work. I can see it in your face. How long have you known about and worked with them?”

Captain Rockford had turned down the thermostat and found the bar. He grabbed two bottles of water and handed the general one of them.
“Take notes for me,” Heller said to the captain, as he twisted the cap off his water bottle.
“Sebastian, listen to me. Be reasonable. I can't say anything about this in front of a mere captain,” Branson said, then added, “Would you grab a bottle of water for me too, please?”
“You can call me by my first name again after I get some answers and not before. And Captain Rockford will be staying. He has my fullest confidence. Besides, I'm still tempted to just have you shot and unless you start explaining I might just do it myself,” Heller said, in a soft yet angry tone of voice.
“Unless you want to see my saggy naked body covered in mud going to get it myself, bring me some water,” Branson said.
Rockford handed his bottle to him and opened his notepad.
After sipping some water, Admiral Brent Branson sighed and started to speak while the captain began taking notes.


CHAPTER THIRTEEN: Bad dreams, worse reality

“It's a joke, right?” Dr. Everson asked, as he looked at the small milky white cube set atop the examination table.
“No sir. I'm sorry we had to come get you, but General Heller wanted answers about this thing and so far all we have is a lot of questions,” the young technician said, stifling a yawn.
“You woke me up, dragged me out of bed, and drove me to God knows where to look at a paperweight? I'm the head of the University's Physics program. What the heck do I know about knick knacks?”
“Um, well sir, it might be a lot more complicated than I can explain. We have reason to believe it’s actually an object of extra terrestrial origin. You know, something aliens use.”
The doctor looked at him and waited for the punch line.

Doctor Andrew Everson, PhD in theoretical physics scratched his butt with one hand while rubbing at his stubble covered chin with the other and asked for a cup of coffee as he walked over to the table.
Several bright lights were shining down on the worktable with the cube in the center.
He pulled over a clipboard as read through the facts known about it. Origin: Colonel Aswan Hussein. Size: Five centimeters, square. Weight: One gram. Coloration: Milky White. Reflectivity: nil. Magnetic properties: nil. Radioactivity: nil.
Grabbing one of the spotlights, he lowered it to within a few inches of the cube and saw for himself that there was no reflection. Sipping the coffee, he asked for a pair of examination gloves and looked intrigued.
After he slid on the gloves he tapped the cube with a pen asking, “Where is this Hussein guy? I'd like to ask him a few things.”
“He's dead,” the technician said.
“Hmm. That's a shame. Do you have a spectrograph analyzer here?” Everson asked, as he listened to the dull tapping sound coming from the cube as he poked it with his pen.
“Yes sir. Should I get it ready?”
Everson glanced at him over his shoulder and said, “No, I'll just sit here in my pajamas and robe and tap it until I discover everything I need to know.”
“You're being sarcastic, right?”
“Very good. Now get it set up while I go find the bathroom. And have some video cameras set up,” Everson said, as he walked across the trailer floor.
“There's built in camera's already on the walls and ceiling. The feeds go to the command center and our computer server over there in the corner,” he explained, wheeling a large cart to the table.
“Are they recording already?” Everson asked, from the doorway.
“Yes sir, why?”
“I'm just glad I didn't fart or anything for future generations to enjoy,” he said, and laughed walking down the hallway.

*****

“Sheriff, we we're moving up the driveway to the McGee's house when we heard multiple gunshots coming from inside a few seconds ago. Over,” the deputy whispered into his mike as he, his partner, and Shannon Mendez ducked down behind a truck parked in front of the house.
Shannon looked cautiously around the side and saw a flashlight beam and then another in the woods off to the left of the house.
“Roger that. We're probably five minutes from there. Do not move in and don't let Duprat know you're there unless he tries to leave. Secure the perimeter and wait if you can. We're coming as fast as we can. Over and out,” the sheriff's voice came back over the radio.

“Deputy, there's someone over there near the woods,” Mendez whispered, pointing toward the flashlight beams.
“Damn, its gotta be Avery and his buddies. He's gonna fuck this up if Orlando sees him.”
“Looks like they're heading for the back of the house,” she whispered.
“Okay, just a second. You stay here and watch the front. If Orlando comes out let him come down the porch steps then order him onto the ground. If he won't comply take him down, hard. I'm going around back and try to get Avery and his pals to shut off their flashlights,” the deputy whispered to his partner.
“I'm coming with you,” Mendez whispered.
The deputy nodded before stooping over and running across the wet grass alongside the house.
Mendez followed closely, trusting the deputy to watch for any obstructions. She kept her eyes on the brightly lit house. It looked like every light was on inside. She kept hoping it hadn't been Hicks who'd been shot as they ran. He's a pompous asshole, but I hope he's okay.

Hicks wiggled the bobby pin into the lock of the handcuffs and swore breath as he started to sweat. Why does it always look so easy in the movies? he wondered.
Sally felt her heart galloping in her chest while watching the man trying to pick the lock. She had to bite her tongue to keep from making suggestions or telling him to hurry up. It could have been anyone shooting or getting shot at. Thomas and Betty probably aren't home anyway. Besides, if they were here they'd have come looking for me by now.
She heard wet leaves being walked through outside and fought down the urge to scream as the sound grew louder.


Avery held his flashlight beam down and wondered at the small trail of shoe prints in the mud. Having tracked deer for decades he'd been puzzled by the depth of the shoes. Even considering the rain, the tracks were very deep for someone with such a small foot. The only thing that made sense was that whoever made them was very fat or carrying something extremely heavy. Or maybe it's someone fat carrying something heavy, he thought.
Garvins whispered something as they followed the tracks toward the shed.
Avery stopped and whispered, “What?”
“I said, there's someone coming toward us over there,” he whispered back, pointing.
Avery saw two people running stooped over and lowered his rifle. “It's okay,” He managed to say just before the other man with them started firing at the running figures.
A scream came from inside the shed.
One figure fell and the other shouted, “FBI, don't shoot!”
“Aww fuck,” the man who fired said.
Avery wanted to hit him, but turned toward the shed with great difficulty instead. The scream coming from inside sounded like a woman's. He wondered if it belonged to a fat woman with little feet.

When the gun fired and the old lady screamed, Hicks dropped the bobby pin. It bounced off the hood of the riding mower and fell somewhere on the ground. He heard the familiar voice of his partner outside and wondered if she'd been shot. While it was true he'd spent most of the day cursing her for abandoning him that morning, the idea she might be hurt or in danger forced him to feel something for her he thought impossible a minute earlier; concern.
“Shannon! It's me, Hicks! We're locked up in the garage!”

Avery and Garvins spun around and looked at the lock on the door. Avery lifted his rifle and aimed at the padlock.
Grunting and half carrying the wounded deputy, Mendez tried to warn him not to shoot but Avery fired before she was close enough to be heard.
The bullet dented the padlock and ricocheted back into the excited face of Garvins who had been holding the flashlight for his friend.
The group was cast into darkness as Mendez arrived and set the deputy against the wall of the building.
Garvins screamed as he fell back onto the ground rolling around in the muddy leaves.
A great deal of confusion followed as they discovered the flashlight had been broken.
Harrison's frantically repeated questions went unanswered over the unconscious deputy's radio as Garvins howled and writhed in pain.


Betty climbed up the stairs and opened the door to the hallway. In the living room, she saw Orlando nervously looking outside along the edge of the curtains. A soft moan came from the bathroom and through the shattered remains of the door she saw Thomas sprawled across the floor.
Turning back toward the living room, she saw Orlando holding a pistol in his hand still looking out the window. Moving through the hall, almost running, she came up behind him as he started to turn. She reached over, yanked the gun out of his hand, and tossed the surprised man across the room as if he weighed little more than a rag doll.
Finding himself unaccountably flying through the air, he managed a shocked “Wha-” before slamming against Sally's curio cabinet and the wall behind it. Hundreds of obliterated knick knacks crashed to the floor along with the remains of the cabinet and Orlando's unconscious and slightly lacerated body.
Still distant but fast approaching sirens could be heard along with someone screaming outside.
Staring down at Orlando, Betty stood motionless.

*****

“This is a long story, Sebastian. Would you mind if I got out of this tub of mud and got cleaned up?” Admiral Branson asked.
“I think I like you right where you are, for the time being. Now quit stalling. Tell me what the hell is going on and stop calling me by my first name, damn it. I've had a really bad day and I'm extremely unhappy about this fucked up situation but I promise you this if you don't tell me the truth, this will be your last bath,” General Heller said scowling.
A fart bubble surfaced in the tub and Branson smiled weakly before speaking. “Sorry. Let me begin by assuring you it's nothing sinister or evil. They've been here for a very long time. I found out about them by accident at the end of World War 2. We would have lost that war without their help, by the way.”
“They fought in the war?” Heller asked in disbelief.
“Several wars, over the centuries, actually. From what I understand, since they've been here they've fought off aliens to protect humanity on no less than a dozen different occasions. Not all races of aliens want to live and let live like they do. They're not monsters with an anal probe fetish or a deep burning hunger for human brains either.”
Captain Rockford was busily scribbling down notes, as Heller looked deep in thought. After a few seconds he said, “You say they helped defeat the Nazis in the Second World War. Is there any proof of this?”
“If you remember correctly you'll recall The Tehran Conference, codenamed Eureka, which took place in Iran sometime around late 1943.”
“Churchill, Roosevelt, and Stalin did have a meeting in Tehran. So what?”
“Did you ever consider it odd that they chose to meet in Iran, of all places?”
Heller shrugged indifferently, as Branson continued, “They went there because if they didn't agree to it, the aliens threatened either to not help the allies or join forces with the Third Reich.”
“Bull shit.”
Branson laughed and several more bubbles popped up through the mud bath. “Seriously, it's true and I really need to get out of this tub.”
Heller pulled out his Colt revolver and nodded. “All right, but don't do anything stupid old friend. Because whether you're speaking the truth or pure bull shit it's a good story and I'd hate to shoot you and miss the rest.”
Branson nodded and grabbed onto the chrome railing bar that was protruding up from the mud bath. He was an old man and a for a moment Heller felt more than a bit silly pointing his revolver at him while he struggled out of the large sunken tub. The gun wavered but the general never looked away as Branson climbed out and walked slowly over to the white tiled wall where a shower nozzle attached to a hose hung on the wall.
Rockford watched the old man rinsing off the mud for a few seconds before he felt moderately nauseated. I'm a patriotic American and I'll do almost anything for my country but watching an old man shower mud from between his flabby flapping ass cheeks isn't one of them, he thought, looking back at his notepad.

*****

The trauma surgeon was tired, bewildered, and more than a little annoyed at having been called to the emergency room at four in the morning. Her annoyance stemmed from the idiot colonel who had managed to melt off most of the skin on his right arm up to his elbow. When she arrived in the ER the patient was gibbering about large worms and how they had tried to eat him.
In her report, she attributed his ranting to shock and hysteria coupled with an immense amount of pain. How the fool managed to melt off his skin wasn't really any of her concern, she thought dropping off the paperwork at the nurses’ station.
She looked into one of the small rooms separated from the hall by a dull green curtain and was surprised to see her other patient staring back at her. Walking in, the doctor smiled and whispered, “Amalia, you're supposed to be sleeping. It's almost six in the morning. What's wrong, are you in pain?”
“I'm fine. I told the nurses I'm fine too, but they won't give me my clothes or my phone. Listen doctor, I know you guys are just doing what you think is best but I need to get out of here or at least give me my phone. I have duties and responsibilities. I've got agents out in the field. At least give me my phone, please,” Amalia said, hating the way it sounded like begging when she said please.
“The field office in Birmingham has gotten someone to look after your agents. I'm sure they're both fine. And if you'll relax and get some sleep I will get you your phone in a few hours.  So, will you be good and get some rest or do I need to get a nurse to give you a shot of Mr. Sandman's good stuff?”
“How can I sleep? Damn sirens going off and the nurses won't tell me what’s going on.”
“There was a fire in the morgue trailer. Now you know. So, do you want a shot to help you rest?”
“Was anyone hurt? How did it happen?” Amalia asked, sitting up in bed.
The doctor pushed her back in bed saying, “There was only one person injured and I have no idea how it happened, so go to sleep.”

*****

“Shannon, I'm in here with a civilian and a bunch of pissed off snakes! Be careful!” Hicks yelled down from his perch on the rafters.
Sally heard voices outside but couldn't understand what they were saying. She looked at the man hunched over nearby away asking, “They're not going to break down the door are they?”
He looked back at her with barely contained contempt. “You're worried about the door? I'll buy you a new one after this is all over. Heck, I'll buy you a whole new garage.”
Shaking her head, she pointed at the cracked rafter over the door's frame that helped support the others. “If they bust down the door the whole roof is liable to collapse and we're gonna be down there with them snakes!”
He saw she was probably right and yelled, “Shannon, don't break the door down. Don't even open it or this whole damn shed's liable to collapse! Do you hear me!?”

Avery pulled off his hunting jacket and held it over Garvin's bleeding eye.
His old hunting buddy had stopped yelling, but his whole body was shaking as he slipped into shock. The ricochet bullet from when he'd tried shooting off the padlock earlier had embedded itself somewhere deep inside Garvin's head.
Mendez heard her partner's warning while she grabbed the deputy's radio and keyed the mike. “Sheriff Harrison, this is Agent Shannon Mendez with the FBI. One of your deputy's has been shot.
Orlando's gotta know we’re out here now.
Also, be advised, my partner and someone else are trapped in a small building near the house. It's unstable and we're probably going to need the fire department to help get them out. Apparently there's snakes inside with them.”
“What's Orlando doing?” Harrison radioed back, sounding out of breath.
“If he's still in the house, he's not doing anything I can see but the lights inside seem to be flickering. Looks like a fuse might be getting ready to blow or something.”
“Backup should be there any minute,” the sheriff said, panting. “My group should be there soon. Just keep Orlando in the house until we get there. Do not attempt to take the house. Understood?”
“Got it,” she answered while fighting back the temptation to mention she wasn't under his authority. Taking off her jacket she laid it over the deputy's chest, where he'd been shot, before looking at the other hunter. “What's your name?”
“Jerry,” the terrified looking man said.
“Okay Jerry, I want you to stay here and wait for help. Here, take the radio,” she said, handing it to him. “Try to keep everyone quiet. When the sheriff gets here tell him I went to check on the back of the house. Got it?”
He nodded and held the radio while looking at the deputy and Garvin lying in the mud.

Watching the windows, she ran stooped down low toward the backyard.
It was humid and the drizzling rain made seeing even more difficult than just being in the dark. The back porch was unlit, but a sliver of light was shining through the kitchen window.
Looking at the steps going up to the back door, she squatted behind the wooden picnic table and listened for anything coming from the house. There was a faint sound of a cat meowing and for a moment she wondered if Michael Jackson was creeping around nearby.
The cat's repeated insistent cries seemed muffled and coming from inside the house.
She tried to ignore it and kept her eyes scanning the rear windows for any movement. After squatting behind the table for a while her legs began to ache. Craning her neck to the side, she could just barely see the shed and some shadowy forms standing near it. Far off the sounds of sirens could be heard growing louder.
A face appeared in the window for a second and was gone.
The glimpse she caught was of the mystery girl she'd seen twice before- once near the football field and the second time riding in an old truck. The truck out front, that's where I'd seen it before. What's with that kid, anyway. She's like a trouble magnet. Did she see me and who the heck is she, anyway? Mendez wondered.

A flash of brilliant light outlined cracks in the cellar doors and for a moment she felt dizzy, like when someone snaps your photograph without warning. Watching the windows, she moved quickly to the back of the house and looked at the doors to the cellar. There was no lock. They shifted a little when she pulled on them, but the gap was so small and the space beyond so dark that she could see nothing beyond. About to let go of the handle, she heard a soft whining sound coming from inside the cellar and muttered to herself, “Fuck it.”
She grabbed one of the door handles with both hands and lifted using her knees. Looking up at the nearest window she grunted as her arm muscles flexed and tightened. Come on, you stupid piece of crap. Open up! She thought, as the faint whining sound grew louder.
The door creaked and a cracking sound came from behind it as she strained. Another bright flash of light blinded her but for a split second she saw in the gap between doors what looked like a piece of wood on the other side. Whatever it is, it's probably slid through the handles on the other side, she realized.
Holding the left side door open, as far as possible, she pulled her gun and aimed where she'd seen the piece of wood. The sirens sounded like they were at the base of the McGee's driveway as she fired.
The first few shots had no effect but on the fourth one Shannon, who had been pulling on the handle, found herself unexpectedly falling on her back as the door swung swiftly open and crashed loudly against the wall of the house. Laying in the muddy grass, she wondered briefly if Hicks' day had been any better than hers.
She tried to jump up and felt a sharp stabbing sensation in her lower back that made her scream mostly in frustration but partly due to the pain.
She'd thrown out her back before and willed herself not to just lie there in the mud, thinking Orlando could be creeping up on her even now. Rolling onto her side the pain in her back eased up slightly. It was while lying there she realized her gun was gone. With her fingers outstretched she felt through the wet grass for its comforting shape. She felt around frantically as she heard someone's squishy footsteps coming closer.
She was spotlighted in the beam of someone’s flashlight and squinted up while struggling to get to her knees. Fuck the pain. I can do this, she thought, managing to get in a kneeling position.  Her back muscles quivered and she bit her lip while trying to stand. A flash of agony as if someone stabbed her in the back with a red hot spear, forced a scream out of her but she managed to stand shakily and reached for her holster only to remember her gun was missing.

*****

He was alone and uncertain who or where he was. Trembling with fear, he looked around and saw behind him and on both sides a darkness so black it made his eyes hurt. Staring at the blackness made his eyes feel like they were shriveling down to the size of raisins. He looked away.
Ahead, there was a nasty smelling pool of faintly steaming foulness reeking of burnt pork and shit. In the liquid there were bones, lengths of intestines, and little white jagged balls that made him think of small cracked open bird eggs. The liquid was mostly dark brown with bubbling patches of what looked like blood here and there. A group of things he somehow knew were stepping stones protruded from the liquid within leaping distance.
On the far side of the pool he could see a small area with green grass, a barbecue grill and a checkered red and white picnic cloth spread on the ground. It was lit by a beam of brilliant white light coming from somewhere above.

A series of snorting grunts echoed behind him and he looked at the first stepping stone. He leaped for the closest one and lost his balance on the landing. Wobbling unsteadily, he let his momentum carry him on toward the next one and barely managed to stop. The stone was so small there was barely enough for both his feet to stand on it. Thrusting his arms out, he fought to keep his balance and grunted.
While tottering on the stone, a man he didn't recognize stepped into the patch of grass and walked over to the grill. The stranger was wearing a red apron with the words 'I love Miss Piggy' written on it and waving at him with a rack of ribs dripping blood in one hand and a barbecue fork held in the other. “Howdy! You should hurry on over to Aswan's Rib House and don't be shy! Eat all you want! Hell, go ahead and make a pig of yourself! We won't tell. After all, everyone else on Earth is doing it!”
A loud squeal came out of the darkness behind him and he jumped to the next closest stepping stone. It was a bit bigger than the last one and feeling more confident, he turned back looking for the source of the grunts and squeals.
The darkness was following him. It was so close he couldn't even see the last stone he'd been on only seconds earlier. He shuddered and looked forward again. There were two more stepping stones before he'd reach the other side and the grass.

A woman's voice made him look up. It was Amalia Armstrong walking toward the chef who was tending the grill. “I think he likes long pork shoulder roast better. Don't you, my poor mad Brad. You should really try some anger management courses, if you ever regain your sanity,” she said, grinning while ripping off her shirt. An ugly bullet hole just under her shoulder fought for his attention as he leered at her naked breasts. “Get it Brad? Shoulder roast?” She asked and laughed while pulling her right arm off at the shoulder. A fountain of blood flowed from shredded veins and arteries in her torso.
His mouth watered as he jumped for the next to last stepping stone. He slid and his right foot sank into the warm liquid. Yelling in panic, he yanked it back out and looked toward Amalia. Her chest was a sheet of crimson, but she only smiled as she waved at him with her amputated arm held in her remaining arm.
The stone was slippery and he again put his arms out struggling to keep from falling into the pool as he stood up again. As he fought for balance, the Vera Lynn song We'll Meet Again began to play.

Waltzing into the grassy area, beside Amalia and the chef who was sprinkling seasonings on the grilling meat, came Dr. Anniston and a woman he vaguely recalled but couldn't think of her name.
The old man was smiling as he called out, “Hello, colonel. I must say, it's a splendid affair you're putting on, but the pool seems more than a tad unsanitary to me. Perhaps you should hire someone to clean it up before you throw your next party.”
The woman dancing with him laughed, reached down with both hands and squeezed Anniston's butt before saying, “Give it up, Brad. You know everything is hopeless. Just quit fighting and dance.”
“Eat first then you can dance!” The chef yelled and laughed as he turned the grilling meat over.

He jumped for the last stone intending to continue and leap across to finally reach the picnic.  The distance to the shore of green grass seemed to grow impossibly far away while he was in mid leap. He landed with his feet touching the edge of the pool and looked down while his arms whirled frantically trying to keep from falling backward.
From the shore someone was reaching toward him and he grabbed onto the offered hand. Gripping it tightly with both hands, he stopped falling back and sighed in relief. He looked up at Amalia's demonic looking smiling face with pig tusks protruding from her mouth.
“Thought you could use a hand,” she said and released her served arm which she'd used to stop him from falling.
“No!” He shouted, falling back toward the pool. Blackness swallowed him as he thrashed and fought to keep his head above the surface. The liquid felt alive, oily, warm, and something was grabbing him from under the surface pulling him down.
His right arm broke the surface as he struggled and a giant eel-like thing swam over, opened its mouth wide, and swallowed it up to the elbow. It felt like he'd stuck it into a roaring fire as he tried to swim for the shore.
He was so close he could smell the grass and see each individual green stem in perfect clarity. They were a deep emerald green except for a small brown one that was moving slightly.
He threw his eel encased arm toward the shore and kicked hard against whatever was pulling him under. The brown blade of grass moved closer as he screamed and clawed at the grass with his free hand. He saw it wasn't grass. It was a little brown roach.
Another wave of agony washed over him as he felt his arm being digested. One of the roach's tiny eyes glowed bright red and a cone of light shined out onto the eel. Its slick black skin quickly bubbled and dissolved.
Within seconds it was just a foaming sheen of black and white goo and through it Wilcox could see the skinless remains of his arm. He screamed and looked up as Dr. Anniston squatted down nearby, while smoking his pipe thoughtfully.
“You should have died, you know. Why they bothered to save a worthless worm like you I'll never know. Ah well, that's neither here nor there. Would you care for a hotdog?” He asked holding out a bun with a piece of burnt black meat in the middle.


On the monitor, Colonel Abrahms watched as Wilcox shuddered and jerked despite being heavily sedated. A nurse had secured him in bed with straps to prevent him from falling to the floor. Abrahm's coughed before saying, “I hate to repeat myself, but when will I be able to talk with him?”
The doctor yawned and held up her hand before answering, “He's been through a lot. A lot of what, I don't know but right now he needs rest.”
“If I woke him up, do you think he could answer some questions?” Abrahms asked.
“You're kidding, right?”
Abrahms expression told her he was serious.
She looked at her watch before saying, “If, and I stress IF, you could wake him up he'd probably think you were part of a dream or more probably a nightmare. Anything he'd say would most likely be filled with gibberish and hallucinations. If he gets another three or four hours of rest he would be more lucid. I can't stop you from trying, but in my professional medical opinion it would be a waste of time trying to talk with him now.”
He stared at the monitor for several seconds before asking, “What is he doing? All the jerking and shaking, is that normal for someone in his condition?”
“The man somehow managed to melt the skin off his right arm from almost the elbow down.  He's suffered some sort of mental breakdown at the very least. You should have heard him ranting when they brought him into surgery,” she said, before sipping more coffee.
Abrahms looked away from the monitor and asked, “Was there a recording, video or audio of the surgery?”
“Nope. It was a kind of emergency situation and no one asked us to make one anyway.”
“Okay, then you need to tell me everything you can remember him saying. I don't care how crazy it sounded. If he said anything, I need to know it,” Abrahms said, pulling out his notebook and digital audio recorder.
Sighing and shaking her head slowly, she said, “Alright but when I'm done, I'm going back to sleep.”
He nodded and turned on the recorder and held his pen on the paper waiting for her to speak.

“He was screaming when I got there, which was understandable given the circumstances. He said something about Aswan's body having dissolved or melted.” She shook her head before continuing. “When I asked him what had happened to his arm he started to cry.
I assumed he'd gotten into some kind of acid but when I asked what kind it was, he started shouting about how an eel or snake monster had tried to eat him. Your MP's didn't happen to find something like that in the morgue trailer, after the fire, did they?” She asked, with a half smile.
Abrahms didn't smile back as he shook his head no and said, “Please continue.”
“Well, he said the eel thing had swum up through Aswan's dissolving guts. 'Guts' was his word not mine. Anyway, the eel swallowed or engulfed his hand and began working its way up his arm when he said he yelled for help. Said the lights in the trailer went out when someone slammed the rear doors to the trailer,” she said and coughed softly before continuing. “I was in the morgue a couple of days ago and some jackass shut the doors on me too.
I remember the lights do switch off automatically when they're shut. Whoever designed that feature should be shot. I wasn't scared, I've been around thousands of dead bodies before, but it still royally pissed me off.”
“Doctor, please just stick to anything else Wilcox may of said.”
“Well, he was crying as he talked about being in the dark with a monster swallowing his arm. He didn't really say anything else that made any kind of sense. Just monsters and bugs and lasers.”
“Bugs and lasers?”
“I think the sedatives had taken hold by then. I wouldn't have been surprised if he said a giant pink bunny came hopping in and shoved a carrot up his butt, at that point.” She grinned at the thought.
“What kind of bug did he describe?”
“As I recall it, he said something like a couple of roaches burned the eel off his arm with lasers that came from their eyes,” she said, shaking her head.
“I take it you don't believe it?”
“Laser shooting roaches that melt eels off of people's arms? Why of course I believe it. Must happen every day all over the world. Are you nuts?”
He looked at her and tapped his pad of paper for several long seconds before asking, “You've been in that trailer morgue, right? In all the times you were in there, did you ever see anything- ANYTHING- that could dissolve his flesh or set the place on fire?”
“There's a small chemical storage closet that has several items that could cause the injuries he suffered. But, why he'd mess around with those in the first place, I haven't a clue,” she said, resting her head on her folded arms on the desk. Stifling a yawn she continued, “And before you ask, yes several of them are highly flammable and could have started the morgue fire.”
Colonel Abrahms yawned and tossed the pen on the pad of paper. Leaning back in the chair, he rubbed at his eyes as he spoke. “Okay doctor, unless you can think of anything else Wilcox said, I think I've got enough for my report.”

For several moments she stared at the coffee cup a few inches away.
He thought she was trying to remember something and sipped from his own cup while glancing at his watch. Dawn's gonna be here soon. It's been a long sleepless night. I'm gonna need buckets of coffee to make it through the day. Whoa! What's that?
Abrahms was looking at the doctor, but out of the corner of his eye something small and brown caught his eye. It was moving slowly along the wall just behind her and to the right. Without turning his head, he focused on it.
In his younger days, long before making the military his career, he'd been a fairly respectable pitcher for his school's baseball team. Gripping the coffee cup tightly, he yawned while stretching his arms out to the sides.
In his mind he heard an announcer saying, “This is it ladies and gentlemen. Bottom of the ninth with the bases loaded. Abrahms is winding up for the pitch that not only could win the World Series, but perhaps save all humanity from being incinerated or maybe just enslaved by an ill tempered alien menace. He throws his fast ball and zowee wowee folks, look at it fly!”
From his perspective, time slowed down as the cup tumbled end over end. A single brown droplet of coffee fell out just a moment before the cup hit the motionless roach on the wall.

The nearly unconscious doctor woke up screaming as the ceramic cup exploded on impact with the wall behind her. A few pieces landed in her hair and bounced off her back while she jumped up in shock. She watched in confused terror as the wild eyed Abrahms ran swiftly around the table and squatted down with a Billy club in his hand. Turning around, she was more confused as the colonel started laughing.
On the floor in front of him, a badly injured roach crawled amongst the shards of the cup. Continuing to laugh while shaking his head, he whacked the insect with his club and quickly ended the roach's life with a messy finality.

*****

Around back of the McGee house, Avery lowered the flashlight beam out of the woman's face. “Are you okay? I heard gunfire.”
Shannon grunted and tried not to wince in spite of her back spasming. “Was shooting off a lock. I dropped my gun. Give me your flashlight and you can go back over by the garage, where it's safe.”
Avery heard the pain in her voice and looked down for the gun. In the grass near the open cellar door he spotted the glinting metal. “It's right here. I'll get it,” he whispered, moving toward it.
“No. I can get it,” she said in a normal conversational voice as she trembled in increasing pain. A spasm hit while she was just starting to bend over. Had the picnic table not been there to grab onto she'd have fallen again.
Avery bent over and handed her the gun. “There's no shame in accepting a little help, ma'am.”

Another bright flash of light came through the open cellar doorway accompanied by an increase in pitch of the whining noise. Turning his flashlight onto the cellar steps he asked, “What the Hell is that?”
“Don't know but I'm going to find out. I need to borrow your flashlight. You stay here or better yet get your butt back over by the garage. There's a couple of badly hurt guys over there,” she said, taking his flashlight and walking gingerly toward the steps.
“There's only one hurt guy over there now. My hunting buddy died a minute ago. And besides, I don't care if you say you're FBI or not I can't let you go down there alone. Yer moving as steady as a drunk in a hurricane,” he said, walking over and holding out his arm. “If you want to go down there, I'm coming with you. Plus, if this is the thing that almost killed Allison then I owe it to her to go. She's a sweet lady if ever there was one.”
Too hurt and tired to object further, she grabbed his arm and let him help her down the cellar steps.


Upstairs, staring in the bathroom mirror, Thomas hardly recognized himself. What little hair he had left was usually a wispy grayish white color, but now it was slicked back with dark blood.  His head hurt and he felt dizzy. Holding onto the bathroom counter with both hands he tried to remember what had happened. He looked at the chunks and splintered pieces of wood scattered across the floor of the bathroom and shook his head slightly. A bolt of fierce and unexpected pain made his knees shudder as a small trickle of blood flowed over his forehead and ran down his face.
Oh shit. I'm gonna die and I don't even know what happened to me. I gotta call for an ambulance or get Sally to help me, he thought, stepping slowly through the remains of the bathroom door and into the hallway. Running his hand along the wall for support, the old man moved steadily slower until he entered the brightly lit living room.

Growing louder in the distance were sirens and he thought from the look of his ruined bath and living room it seemed only appropriate that someone had called the police. A man he didn't recognize was sprawled on the floor amongst the splintered remains of Sally's antique curio cabinet.
The young man stared at the ceiling with milky white eyes. His neck was bent at a sharp angle with a jagged gash that ran from just under his ear to his collar bone. Plus it looked like someone had beaten him considerably and Thomas couldn't help feeling sorry for him even though he had no idea who the stranger was.

Standing by the shut front door, looking outside, was a young girl. Somehow she seemed vaguely familiar, but the harder he tried to remember her the more his head hurt. His legs trembled as he made his way to the recliner and sat down.
“Excuse me Miss, but do I know you? I think I busted up my noggin somehow and now things are jumbled up a bit. Do you know what’s- uh what’s g..going on around h...here? Have you seen my wife, S..Sally?” Thomas asked, speaking gradually slower and stuttering as he went.
Betty turned and looked at the old man.
His face was covered in multiple small streams of blood and the skin was a light gray almost white color.
“I am your Granddaughter, Betty. As to what's going on... perhaps the end of humanity except for a handful of the chosen.”
The sounds of sirens and squealing tires accompanied her last statement.
Thomas felt dizzy and tired as he tried to focus on the girl. Opening his mouth to say something else, his eyes grew wide and his body began to shudder violently. After a few seconds he became still and his head drooped forward.
Betty walked over and looked at the top of the old man's bloody head. A raggedly torn section of scalp exposed part of his skull. Through the bloody mess several jagged irregularly shaped pieces of bone were visible. She moved her hand toward the wound but stopped abruptly just inches from touching it.

She stared at the open wound and began to speak to no one in the room that Tom Sawyer could see. The cat watched her warily as it jumped up onto the old man's lap and began purring.
The old man smelled strongly of death, but the young man on the floor stank even more of it. The cat could tell the old man wasn't dead yet while wondering who would get him his dinner if he did die.
The thing that looked like a girl stood perfectly still with her mouth partly open and a small voice that did not belong to her drifted out as the cat tilted its head and listened.
“No, do not waste energy saving him. We should release the virus now before the ship is damaged or destroyed.”
“Wait. The situation is unfortunate. However, it is not yet beyond saving. We brought the ship here for repairs. There was no way to know Orlando was here,” Betty said softly through lips that barely moved.
She remained motionless for several long seconds as the cat, oblivious to their global ramifications, listened as the faint voices drifted again through her still partially open mouth.
“Coexistence with humanity is not feasible. No amount of time or research will change this fact. This situation is unacceptable. The ship will be discovered by the law enforcement agents surrounding this building.”
“We need not release the virus yet. A scapegoat is all we need to divert them. If it fails to work, then yes, perhaps the virus should be released,” Betty said softly.
“That won't prevent the ship being discovered.”
“No it will not, but the scapegoat will divert attention away from Betty and the ship. There is no reason not to try,” she said.
A long silence followed before a voice from outside on a bullhorn nearly drowned out the soft reply of, “Proceed with the goat.”

“Orlando Duprat! This is Sheriff Harrison, we know you're in there! The house is surrounded, come out now with your hands up and you won't be harmed! You have my word on that!” A few seconds went by before he continued. “You have two minutes! Come out or we're coming in!”

Tom hissed and his fur puffed up as a large rat quickly ran into the living room dragging a long length on clothesline in its mouth. Two roaches scurried over to the dead body laying on the floor as Betty sat down in an old sturdy oak chair. She took an end of the clothes line the rat dropped at her feet and rapidly tied both of her ankles to the chair, before securing her left wrist to the armrest.
The rat climbed up in her lap and used its small dexterous claws and teeth to tie her other arm securely down.
By the time she was fully secured to the chair, Orlando was standing up. In spite of his broken neck and lack of life. He moved jerkily yet swiftly down the hallway.
Tom yowled at the departing dead man and the rat that followed him.
“Things may yet be alright, Tom. If everything works out I will get your can of cat food in a few minutes. Now I must prepare for the police,” Betty said, before hanging her head down feigning unconsciousness.

“You have one minute! Don't be a fool, Orlando, just come out with your hands up!”
“Everyone's in position,” a young deputy said, pumping a shell into his riot shotgun.
“Careful son. And remember to go slow on the trigger. Duprat might have a hostage and the last thing we need is to get them killed,” the sheriff said, looking over the yard at the five squad cars parked in the McGee's front yard. Orlando Duprat's not getting out of this unless he can sprout wings.

*****

“Have you got a variable spectrum radio unit?” Dr. Everson asked upon returning to the small lab.
“A what?” The technician asked, while looking out the window at the purple sky on the eastern horizon.
“While in the kitchenette down the hall, I was talking to a guy who told me about how soldiers would use a device to run through the radio spectrum including those in the cell phone range to check for suspected improvised explosive devices. If they were rigged to explode using a cell phone they could set them off at a safe distance. So, again I ask, do you have anything like that?” Everson explained.
“Not here but the communications division must have one they could let us borrow. Want me to go get one?”
“Yeah, I think with a little luck we can get this thing to yield a few of its secrets. I'm gonna go grab some breakfast while you get it set up. We'll give it a try in about an hour. Want me to snag something for you while I'm out?” Everson asked, smiling tiredly.
“If you're going to Finches Restaurant avoid to sausage biscuits. They're the nastiest things ever. But I could force down some eggs and bacon if you don't mind.”
“Okay, you get the doohickey set up and I'll be back in a few minutes with breakfast. ”Everson said looking at the enigmatic milky white cube in the center of the table. He leaned down and trying to sound like a Nazi interrogator from an old movie, whispered to it after the tech left the room. “We have ways of making you talk, my little friend.”

*****

“Young man, what did you say your name was again?”
“I'm agent Simon Hicks with the FBI. And you're Sally McGee, right?”
“Yes sir. What on Earth do you think is going on out there, Simon? It sounds like an army of police are stomping around my yard. Do you think my granddaughter and husband Thomas are okay?” She asked in a soft scared voice.
“You said you were asleep when I was brought in here. A very bad man, who according to the sheriff yelling through the bullhorn outside, named Orlando Duprat took me hostage. He could have shot me, but didn't so I'd bet your husband and granddaughter are okay too. How are you doing?”
“I'm tired, young man; bone tired. But it takes more than being trapped in a shed full of nasty snakes and lying on top of rafters all night to beat this old woman down. I slept on my daughter's sleeper sofa a few years ago, around Christmas, and it wasn't much more comfortable than being up here. There was a metal bar under the mattress that I thought it was gonna slice me in two before Santa got there, but I made it then and I'll make it now.”

A voice from outside said, “Let it rip.” And a second later white puffs of air came through the gap under the door.
Sally's eyes went round in fear as more of it drifted across the floor.
“It's okay, Sally. They're using CO2 fire extinguishers to make the snakes either leave or become stunned so they can get us down. It won't be long now. See, look at them moving away from the door. Snakes don't like the cold, Sally,” Hicks said, watching as they slithered toward the other side of the shed, away from the door.
“Simon, may I ask you a personal question?” Sally asked, blushing a little.
“Yes ma'am.”
“I can't think of a delicate way to put this but ever since you've been in here, I've smelled something like- um... an outhouse kind of aroma. Did you have an accident?” Sally asked, with a sympathetic expression.
Nodding, Hicks smiled weakly. “It's a long story Sally. I'm sorry you had to put up with my smell. I'll make it up to you somehow.”
She grinned back saying, “Don't feel too bad, young man. I had a bit of an accident myself when I was climbing up here to get away from the snakes, too. If anyone gives you any grief over it tell them I said a rose by any other name smells as sweet.
I'm sorry you had to be cooped up in here with me all night, but I'm also grateful to have had the company. Because there's only one thing worse than being stuck in a shed full of snakes.”
“Being stuck in a shed full of snakes all alone?”
“You bet your stinky butt,” Sally said and they both laughed as a fireman slowly and carefully pried open the door below.


At the bottom of the cellar steps there was a huge stack of split firewood that almost reached the ceiling, a wooden workbench to the right, and a stone wall to the left. The only way further into the basement was a space between the firewood and the workbench.
The source of the pulsing light was behind the stack of wood and the whining sound reminded both Shannon and Avery of a dentist's drill as they walked closer. It cycled up in time with the lights. The overhead lights were turned on in the cellar and Avery shut off his flashlight and set it on the workbench.
With each agonizing step, Agent Shannon Mendez had to fight back a powerful urge to swear. Whatever she'd done to her back was going to require some time off and it was the thought of taking a couple of weeks off to visit the Bahamas that kept her moving forward. Fun in the sun, fun in the sun, I'm going to have some fun in the sun. And maybe a few adult beverages with the fruit and little paper umbrellas in them too. All I gotta do is make it through this and then it's time for some fun in the sun.

Just past the workbench there was an old washer and dryer. On top of the dryer a clothes basket was on its side with some laundry scattered on the floor. A bright orange extension cord was plugged into the wall and draped over the basket. The cord trailed across the floor and headed toward the source of the pulsing light.
As she started to move forward, Avery pointed at the plug and she followed his finger. At the most intense moment of light the plug smoked momentarily where it joined the outlet and the overhead lights flickered.
He gestured to himself and pointed at the plug and mimed yanking it out.
The whining noise was making her teeth hurt and coupled with her back pains she didn't feel like trying to argue that his plan was dangerous. She nodded and held up three fingers so he could see them and mouthed the words 'on three'.
He nodded back and watched as the fingers counted down.

When the last finger was folded down, Avery ran across the cellar toward the dryer.
Over the years he'd been scared plenty of times, but this felt entirely different. Hairs all over his body were standing up at attention and he didn't dare look at the source of the light. Recalling the story of Lot's wife from the Bible he wondered, If I looked over there would I be turned into a pillar of salt, electrocuted like some scum on death row, burnt into a pile of ashes, or something worse?
I guess it doesn't really matter. The doctor said the cancer was inoperable anyway. If I gotta go, might as well go down swinging. He grinned at his shadow on the cellar wall while grabbing onto the extension cord plug and yanking on it.

Shannon held onto the pile of firewood with her left hand to keep steady. Taking a deep breath, she moved around the side and squinted against the brilliant light.
Allison had earlier described the ghost ball as silver colored, about the size and shape of a beach ball and now standing just a few feet from it, Shannon couldn't think of a better description.
The sphere was steadily hovering just off the concrete floor. Its surface was so bright it was hard for her to focus on it, so she looked down and saw a small square of darkness on its surface.  The other end of the extension cord disappeared into the hole. She was aware of the gun held in her right hand but couldn't bring herself to point it at the sphere. What should I do? This kind of thing was never covered at the academy.

Movement on the wooden staircase caught her attention at the same moment Avery yanked the plug. Orlando Duprat was quickly walking down the steps.
The cycling whining sound and bright to blindingly bright light stopped as the murderer turned at the corner of the staircase. His eyes reflected back the sphere's light, but even that did little to convince her he was still alive. She'd seen the same lack of life and blank expression earlier when the fat kid had grabbed Duprat's foot at the football field.
He'd been dead, with nearly every ounce of blood drained out on the parking lot pavement, yet somehow reanimated.

Orlando's head was bent at an angle she'd seen a few times before at crime scenes where someone died of a broken neck. She noted there was considerable bruising and a wicked looking laceration running down his neck as he stepped off the staircase and in jerking movements crossed the cellar heading toward the sphere.
“Hands up, mother fucker!” Avery yelled, aiming his rifle at Orlando.
She turned back and saw him with his finger on the trigger and was prepared to shout a warning when a large rat started climbing up the man's pants. It's claws must have dug into his leg as it worked toward his groin because he dropped the rifle and was jumping around trying to knock it to the floor.
“Goddamn, pissheadedshitsuckingmotherfucker!” Avery screamed, as he tried to grab onto the rat.

When she looked back, Orlando was holding the sphere in his arms and the end of the extension cord fell out of the black square in its surface. He looked at her with his dead eyes and smiled vaguely as he started carrying it toward the exit, which she was blocking.
“Ex...cuse me,” a scratchy unpleasant voice said, through Orlando's mouth.
“What are you? What do you want?” She asked, still blocking the way out as Avery continued to struggle with the rat. Out of the corner of her eye she saw it was tearing at his shirt as he tried to pry it off, even while she dealt with a dead man holding a shining apparent spaceship in his arms.
“Wee want to n...not dessstroy humanity. M...move away. Do that and it m...may...yet be avoided, for a time,” the same disturbing voice said, while the distant amplified sounds of Sheriff Harrison giving Orlando his two minute warning drifted down through the house.
“Why should I believe you, whatever you are?”
The corpse looked at her arm holding the gun, and she glanced down as a roach climbed down heading for her hand.
She never had much love for insects, but willed herself not to flinch as it scurried down and jumped the short distance to the sphere. “Had we m...more time your back would be healed completely but y...your pain should be less now. Now, move before it is too late.”
Mendez hadn't noticed until he said it, but her back no longer felt like it was filled with shards of broken glass. “I need to know what's going on.”
“Move away from the exit and you will be contacted.”
The sounds of stomping feet and shouts came through the ceiling above as the police stormed the house in search of the man that stood before her.
He glanced up saying, “Time's up, m..move now or you will alll die.” He looked back at her across the top of the shining sphere and added, “P...please.”
She backed away and Orlando quickly climbed up the stairs to the backyard carrying the sphere. Glancing over, she saw the rat jump off Avery and scurry into the shadows of the cellar.
He picked up his rifle and ran over to the steps panting heavily. “Damn rats. Where did he go and why didn't you stop him?”
“Let's go see,” Mendez replied as they climbed the steps.
Two deputies had shotguns aimed at Orlando as he stood in the McGee's backyard. Lifting the sphere up over his head, he stood motionless refusing their commands to drop on the ground.

“Get down now!” The closest deputy yelled.
Mendez pulled out her FBI identification and waved it at both officers shouting, “Back off!”
They looked at her and then at each other in confusion before lowering their guns slightly.
Avery raised his rifle and aimed at the sphere as it began whining louder.
She slapped the barrel down and watched as the sphere slowly ascended.
Orlando bent his broken neck back and stared up as it climbed into the very early morning sky.

By the time Harrison, Hicks, and the other deputies arrived the sphere was at least a hundred feet up and moving faster.
“Orlando! Put your hands up and get down on your knees!” Harrison yelled, after giving the two deputies a brief combination pissed off and questioning look.
Orlando had his hands at his side as he tilted his gaze down at the group of law enforcement pointing weapons at him. He looked at Sheriff Harrison and smiled before reaching into his pocket and pulling out a pistol. He never had a chance to aim, let alone fire it. The dozen officers shot him nearly simultaneously. Most fired just one or two shots, but a few emptied their clips and shotguns into him.
Later, when asked why they continued to fire, the ones who emptied their clips said they all felt that any man who could remain standing after being shot that many times was either wearing a bullet proof vest or for those who had seen the sphere- wondered if he was in fact human at all.
With a total of forty-two separate gunshot wounds being listed as the cause of death the coroner, a few hours later, would confirm that Orlando Eugene Duprat was indeed human; An extremely dead one in point of fact.
When he fell to the ground Mendez, who hadn't bothered to fire her gun, walked over and looked for any sign of Orlando's neck wound but it had been obliterated by the bullets along with the majority of his head. She shined a flashlight into one of his ears and saw nothing unusual.

“So, how was your day?” Hicks asked, as he walked over watching her shine her light on the corpse.
“Simon!” Shannon yelled, and hugged her partner.
He'd been thinking for the better part of a day and most of the night, what he'd do when he finally caught up with her. Most of his more creative ideas were far too horrible to execute with a large milling crowd of law enforcement officials hanging around.
“Not in front of the locals,” he whispered.
“I was so worried when I heard Orlando had you as a hostage. We should get you to the paramedics. You look awful. How do you feel?” Mendez asked, as they walked toward the front of the house.
“A bit tired. Did you see that big silver thing the kid was carrying? Was that what I think it was?”
“We'll talk about it later. And yes, it was.”

“I want to see Thomas! Let me go, damn it!”
A deputy was blocking Sally from going up to her house at the bottom of the porch steps.
Hicks broke into a slow trot and put his arm around the old woman's shoulder and looked down at the deputy. “I'm Agent Simon Hicks with the FBI. Can you tell me why you're preventing my good friend, Sally, from going in her home?”
“Do you have any identification?” The deputy asked.
As Hicks sputtered and looked ready to do his infamous King Kong impression, by bashing the officers face in, Shannon opened her ID saying, “It's okay deputy, he's my partner.”
“The paramedics are working on an old guy in there. I heard it looks pretty hopeless,” the deputy said, still blocking the steps going up to the porch.
Sally screamed when he said “hopeless” and tried to push past him.
The deputy was distracted as he pushed the old woman back against Shannon and never saw Hick's fist when he punched him in the face. He fell into an untidy heap on the steps, unconscious.
Seconds later they were in the living room.

“Oh, Thomas. Please Dear God don't take him from me,” the old lady said, as she knelt beside her husband's body lying on the ambulance stretcher.
As Hicks stood by Sally to insure no further problems with the local police, Shannon looked at the young girl who was being checked over by another paramedic.
“He just tied me up. I was very scared, especially when he attacked my grandfather. I am unharmed. I should comfort my grandmother. She is quite upset as you can see, which is understandable given the circumstances,” she said, standing up from a chair.
The paramedic shook his head and shrugged as Betty moved to stand beside Sally who had started crying as she prayed.
“It is alright grandmother, there, there.”

Shannon looked at the other people in the living room to see if anyone else found the girl's choice of words or delivery weird. Her speech pattern was off kilter in addition to the oddly formal way she had of saying things. It sounded, at least to her, like the girl was reading from a script. But no one else seemed to notice as investigators took pictures of the living room.
Sally hugged the girl and cried harder as one of the paramedics said, “I think we're losing him. Do we wait for the helicopter or use the ambulance?”
As the other paramedic radioed for an estimated time of arrival on the helicopter, Shannon moved behind the old lady and her granddaughter and listened as the girl whispered in Sally's ear, “We should hug him, just in case this is our last chance.”
Sally knelt down and caressed her husband’s face gently, not wanting to disturb the plastic face mask delivering oxygen.
Betty stared at Mendez as she stared back.

“Chopper's five minutes out. Get those squad cars out of the way and it can land in the front yard!” A paramedic shouted at a couple of deputies who had been standing around doing nothing of any particular use.
They ran for the front door and moments later one of them yelled back inside, “We got a man down out here on the steps.”
The paramedics, knowing there was nothing else they could do for the old man, ran after them as Hicks coughed and followed them outside.

Shannon watched as the girl gently touched Thomas where the bandage met his forehead.
Sally was pleading for him not to go into the light as the girl looked up at Shannon.
Betty smiled before saying, “I think grandfather will live. Do not worry.”
A distant but growing sound of a helicopter could be heard as Betty stood up and walked over to Shannon, tilted her head and said quietly, “You let Orlando leave the cellar. You have many questions. If you are helpful getting me out of here without further interrogation by the local police, I will answer them. At least the ones I know the answers to.”

The paramedics and ambulance attendants came back inside as the helicopter landed in the front yard.
Shannon stepped to the other side of the room and gestured for Betty to follow.
Thomas was wheeled outside on a gurney with Sally staggering along behind being helped along by Hicks.
“There's no delicate way to ask this, so I'm going to be blunt. Are you an extra terrestrial?” Shannon asked.
“Yes and no. I will explain, if you get me out of here,” Betty said softly.
“Okay, but whatever you are, this better be good.”


CHAPTER FOURTEEN: Dust to dust and singularities

He was lying in a warm sunny field covered in soft grass with patches of fragrant flowers scattered about. A caterpillar climbed up on his nose and unlike any he'd ever seen before, this one had a face; A friendly, smiling, almost human face.
He wanted to reach up and touch it partly because its tiny feet tickled him but mostly because it felt like a dream. His arm wouldn't move and he realized his whole body was paralyzed.
The caterpillar spoke up. “Relax, all will be well. You are special, favored by those both great and small. Your writings are inspiring and good.”
He felt the caterpillar's ticklish feet marching up his face to his forehead. A moment later a warm pleasant sensation flowed into his body. Staring up at the beautiful dark blue sky unmarred by even the hint of a cloud, he smiled.
A shadow crossed his face and he looked up for its source.
A pretty blonde girl was sitting beside him, smiling down at him.

When he awoke, Jake was alone in his hospital room. From the bed, he could see Red Mountain through the window as the first rays of sunlight glinted off the world's largest cast iron statue poised with a metal spear tip outstretched in one hand.
Idly wondering why the statue was called Vulcan, which he always associated with Mr. Spock from Star Trek, he realized he was hungry. Jake looked at the walls of his room and saw no clocks and wondered when they served breakfast. He yawned and sat up in his bed.
My writings are inspiring and good? Caterpillars that talk? Maybe my brain really is busted. I wish I had my computer or something to do, he thought.
There was a television bolted to the wall in the corner, near the ceiling. It wasn't turned on and Jake looked at the bedside table for the remote control. He didn't see it but did spot a piece of paper with his dad's handwriting on it. Grabbing the note, Jake read it silently.

Jake, I went home to get some of your things. I'll be back as soon as possible, probably around lunch time. I'll try and sneak you in something worth eating.
I love you, son.
-Dad

Why do parents always write and say stuff like that? I know he loves me. He doesn't have to leave notes like this lying around. What if a nurse or somebody saw that? They'd probably think I'm a baby or something, Jake thought, shaking his head.
He turned the note face down and put it back where it had been.

“Morning sunshine! Nice to see your smiling face,” the large nurse who had caught him out of bed last night called cheerfully as she entered the room carrying a tray with a plastic cover on top.
“Is that breakfast?” Jake asked hopefully.
“Nope. It's my cat's dirty litter box. I always keep some around for extra special patients who climb out of bed in the middle of the night,” she said, placing the tray on a narrow table that she then wheeled over to him.
“Who me? Get out of bed? You must have me confused with someone else. I've been seriously wounded by a crazy redneck with a knife. I even have drain bamage to prove it,” he said, smiling at her and then the tray. “So, what's for breakfast? Ham and eggs? Wheaties and milk? Or a slab of bacon with grits?”
Lifting the lid, she smiled and said, “You must have this place confused with a restaurant, Mr. Sleepwalker.”
Jake groaned as he beheld the repast that had been prepared following strict dietary guidelines of staff nutritionists. It had all the essentials required to assure good health, except taste.
The boy picked up the most appealing item; half a piece of toast. It looked like someone had greatly shrunk it down in size, but Jake bit into it. It was dry, cold, and tasted like cardboard.
“Eat it all up, you're going to get a cat scan in a bit. They’re going to see just how much drain bamage you really got,” the nurse said smiling.
“Do you know where the TV remote control is?” Jake asked, gnawing unhappily on the toast.
“Yes I do. It's at the nurses’ station, which is where it's going to stay until you eat all of your breakfast.”
Jake sighed and picked up the spoon.
The nurse watched as he shoveled a few bites of tasteless oatmeal into his mouth before turning to leave. “Eat up and I'll bring you the remote.”
With her back turned, heading for the door, Jake opened his mouth crammed full of the cold oatmeal and made a most disturbing face at her.
She called back without turning around, “Close yer mouth sunshine, or next time it really will be something from my cat's litter box on your plate.”
Jake then saw the nurse's face reflected back in the mirror over the sink by the door. He quickly shut his mouth and swallowed while fervently hoping his dad wouldn't forget to bring him lunch.

*****

They hadn't spoken since leaving the McGee's house and we're halfway to Birmingham when Agent Mendez finally cleared her throat and asked, “Where do you come from?”
“Our home world no longer exists. It was extremely far from here,” Betty said, staring at the scenery which mainly consisted of trailers, fields, and trees.
“So you're not visiting Earth. You're here to stay.”
“Correct, because there is no other option. Have you ever considered how vast space is, Agent Mendez? It might be inconceivable to you but we've been traveling here for nearly three hundred years,” Betty said, looking at her. “Earth is a remarkable planet. It's teeming with vast quantities of life, both flora and fauna. The sun is stable and unlikely to explode for quite some time. In fact, thus far, the only significant problem we've discovered on this planet is humanity.”
Mendez glanced at the girl and back at the road. They both fell silent as she drove the SUV onto the interstate that headed toward Birmingham.

“Humanity is-” Mendez started, and then paused for a few moments before saying, “...made up of all kinds of people. You can't judge a species by a limited number of examples. In all honesty, Orlando Duprat was the type I wouldn't mind seeing gone myself. But he's not representative of most people.”
“He was a symptom of a much larger problem humanity has; insanity. His actions were irrational, violent, and unproductive. What is most annoying is that there was no reason he could not have developed differently. He could have been constructive. He could have chosen to educate himself. He had great, nearly limitless, potential and chose to embrace a self destructive course that lead only to pointless death and destruction. But again he's a symptom of the problem, not the problem itself,” Betty said, looking at the early morning traffic flowing around them.

“You didn't say why you wanted to go to Children's Hospital. You're not planning on doing something destructive there, are you?”
“A boy called Jake Carver is there and a man named Professor James Anniston. The boy has intrigued some of our researchers by what he has written in the past. We believe his potential for positive impact on humanity is considerable.
Anniston knows quite a bit about our plans, but he's become unstable and unpredictable. I need to speak with him and try to explain that humanity could yet coexist with us or remove him from the equation.”
“You mean kill him?”
“Yes, and his friends, if necessary. Normally we could erase his knowledge of us, but the elderly seem more resistant to the procedure than younger people.
Take Thomas McGee for example. There was an accident that required memory manipulation yet we've detected numerous instances when he seemed to have at least partial recall.”
“So whoever was controlling Orlando's corpse, was telling the truth. If necessary you would destroy humanity.”
“If it weren't for the other alien presence amongst you and the tiny percentage of people like Jake it would be much more likely that the majority of your species would simply be disposed of, yes.
As for you, we could blank your mind and have you lose all memory of us. But there are some who feel you could be of greater service not just to us but for your people as well.”
“It's an intriguing idea. I need to think about it before deciding though. Can you tell me how many of your people are here, and coming?”
“You misunderstand, Agent Shannon Mendez. We will decide if you are allowed to assist us. Your actions will indicate whether you're a person worthy of trust. As to your question about our number, there are nearly seven hundred billion of our people here.”
“But-” Shannon said as she shook her head. “How is that possible?”
“A greatly respected author and philosopher, who used the pseudonym Dr. Seuss once wrote, A person's a person, no matter how small. We ourselves appreciate the wisdom inherent in that statement because we are quite tiny, physically.”

“So, Earth now has two intelligent species living here.”
“Actually, there are three if one considers the species we have designated the Ziffel. Unfortunately, our knowledge of them is currently extremely limited.”
“What do you know about these Ziffel people? Are they dangerous?”
“They have managed to blend in nearly seamlessly with human society but what their purpose or plans are, if any, remains unclear. We also have no way of knowing their number.
There was a theory that they are not dangerous, but the recent death of one of them named Colonel Aswan Hussein may change that. The need for further research is clear. But, thus far humanity has shown more dangerous tendencies than they have.”
“The girl I've been talking with, are you controlling her like you did with Orlando and his friend? What's her name? Is she aware you've taken control of her body?” Mendez asked, feeling nauseated at the thought that the little girl was being hijacked inside her own body by aliens.
“I am Betty White. I am also a vehicle designed to allow direct interaction with humans and facilitate our goals by appearing as a girl.”
“So, you can only control dead humans?” Mendez asked thinking of an old movie, called Plan Nine from outer space, where aliens brought the dead back to life and used the quasi zombies to try and take over the world.
“We can also control the living, but the detrimental effects to them can be quite extensive. After initial attempts, it was discovered the subjects suffered severe brain damage approximately half the time. Unless circumstances necessitate it, we have stopped using that procedure.
Of course, if it was perfected it would bring humanity to a more sane outlook on life and the necessity of extreme population culling could be avoided.”
“So, you're concerned with human overpopulation?”
“No. Our analysis and projections suggest Earth could easily sustain as many as fifty billion humans. The problem is not in the numbers, Agent Mendez, it's the kind of people that show signs of idiocy running unchecked throughout the world.
If they are allowed to continue, this planet will soon become uninhabitable to anyone,” the girl said, paused a moment and then added, “Agent Shannon Mendez, I realize our plans may seem extreme, but let me ask you a question. You face a wide variety of criminals in your profession and it is your duty to remove them from society to prevent murder and violence to the innocent, correct?”
“Within the bounds of the law, yes.”
“Laws are interesting things. Do you always enforce them and obey them?”
“Of course.”
“That's interesting, because for the last several minutes you have been operating this vehicle eighteen miles an hour over the posted speed limit.”
Looking at the speedometer, Mendez grunted and reset the cruise control to the speed limit. She wanted to say “That was just a little bending of the law” but realized it would undoubtedly sound hypocritical to them.

“You understand I have a responsibility to the FBI and the people of this country, right?”
Betty nodded. “Have we broken a law?”
Mendez drove down an exit ramp heading into downtown Birmingham and stopped for a red light. “The murder of Orlando and his buddy.”
Betty nodded again. “So, are you going to arrest us.”
As the light turned green, she drove on and shook her head. “If you've been honest with me, I can't see the point. Plus if I did try and arrest you, all of you, all seven hundred billion of you, I don't think you'd allow it. The point I was trying to make is that you can't expect my assistance if you break laws, even against scumbags like Duprat.”
“His death was a result of his own actions. It is not our intention to break laws but in the grand scheme if you had to choose between the extermination of several billion humans or the violation of a few laws which would you prefer?”
Mendez chewed on her lower lip for several seconds before answering. “Personally, I believe protecting the innocent trumps the law. Sometimes laws are passed with the best of intentions but end up causing more problems than they solve.”

Betty gestured to an RV parked a couple of blocks ahead. “Park behind that large vehicle. Unintended consequences often follow idiotic laws. The laws of prohibition of alcohol in the 1930s were not designed to turn half the citizens into felons or build organized crime into a behemoth, yet they did.
But back to what triggered this philosophical discussion- our main goals are twofold. To determine if coexistence with humanity is possible and learn more about the Ziffels role here on Earth. For the same reason we have not come forward to announce ourselves to humanity, we do not plan on breaking laws that would harm the innocent. The situation with Orlando was simply a case of an unfortunate concurrence of events.”
“You mean bad luck?”
“That is what I said.”
“Let me see if I understand what you've been saying. You don't plan on breaking any laws unless you determine coexistence with humanity is not possible, in which case you'll do much more than harm the innocent; You'll murder them,” Mendez said, parking behind the RV and shutting off the engine.
“Yes. In order to save humanity and the planet that may ultimately be necessary.”

…..

Since the town of Pinson Alabama had first been quarantined only one business had stayed open, albeit operated solely by and for military and other investigators into the nuclear blast. Finches was a typical independent fast food place. The decor included pennants and posters of the local high school football players and cheerleaders. Also scattered about were a few planters of fake plastic plants and flowers. The large flat screen TV under normal circumstances would typically be showing ESPN or local sporting events, but since the blast it only showed the twenty-four hour news channels.
Despite being only a little after seven in the morning the restaurant had several patrons; including a somewhat rumpled, unshaven, and sleepy Dr. Andrew Everson.
There was a group of people in line and he joined them as a soldier, wearing a badly stained apron, behind the counter took their orders.
Standing in line and yawning hugely, Everson looked at the TV.
A much too cheerfully perky blonde woman anchor, with glaringly white teeth, smiled as she told viewers about a rash of tornadoes that had ravaged several states in the mid west overnight. “Authorities place the death toll at less than two hundred, but that number's expected to rise as rescuers continue to search the debris of several trailer parks.”
Also on TV, an older man in a suit smiled at the woman and shook his head before sharing, “When I was a boy, my mother always told me God hates mobile homes and trailers and from the footage we've seen this morning it sure looks like she was right.”
The blonde woman nodded and said, “In a few minutes we'll be talking with Mrs. Katie Puckett, from Albuquerque New Mexico, as she shares a few insights from her new book entitled  A zombie ate my husband.
Stay tuned and we'll be right back after a look at other top news stories.”

“Zombies?” A soldier standing in line next to Everson asked aloud before chuckling. “You can tell Halloween is coming up.”
Two men wearing suits and dark glasses, seated at a table near the TV, exchanged nervous glances as the news program switched cameras to a news desk where an older woman sat and began talking about the jobless rate going up. One of the nervous men in dark glasses was calling someone on his cell phone as the line for food slowly inched forward.

Everson stared at a poster of the cheerleaders on a nearby wall and wondered why they always dressed so provocatively. He was lost in thought as several people got out of line and someone said, “Turn up the volume, I can't hear.”
The woman on TV said, “A special live presidential press conference is expected to begin within the hour. White House sources have suggested that irrefutable evidence has linked the nuclear blast that occurred last week in rural Alabama to a well known terrorist group.
Also, a congressional delegation has been meeting with the president to share their concerns about yesterday's confrontation between displaced residents and the military that left 234 injured and over a dozen dead, including many children.” The reporter had an insincere somber expression on her face as footage of a large overweight man carrying a manila folder appeared onscreen.
“After the meeting, Senator Howell Butler from Alabama said, 'This tragedy should simply never of happened. The people from my great state only want one thing and that is to go home. And I intend for them to do just that, as soon as possible.'”
The video changed back to the reporter. “We've received indications that possibly as early as noon today the military will be ordered out of the area and the quarantine zone removed or at least dramatically reduced in size. A Pentagon spokesman would neither confirm or deny this report.”
Turning to another camera angle, she smiled before saying, “In other news. a farmer from Dutch Oven Ohio will be joining us in a few minutes to talk about one of his pumpkins he found with the eerie likeness of former President Bill Clinton.”

*****

Coming out of the toilet stall, wearing an immense white terry cloth robe, Admiral Branson yawned as he crossed over to the small bar nearby. General Heller trailed the large man with his pistol as he went to a mini refrigerator on the counter.
“Gentlemen, I've been as honest and forthright as possible over the last few hours and frankly I'm tired. Plus this place isn't cheap, they charge by the hour, so this interview really needs to end soon or I'm going to have to take out a loan before I can get out of here,” Branson said, with a half smile as he pulled out a diet soda. “Anyone else want something to drink?” Popping open the can, he put several ice cubes and a few ounces of rum in a glass before adding the soda.
Heller looked over at the captain questioningly.
He shook his head while massaging his aching fingers. His notebook had been new when they started and there were now only a few pages left blank. Rockford stood and went to Heller, whispering that he needed to go get a fresh notebook that he'd accidentally left downstairs in the lounge. He'd been doodling in it while awaiting instructions and knew exactly which table he left it on.
Heller nodded and whispered, “Okay, but hurry back.”
While Rockford distracted Heller, Branson reached under the bar and opened a small metallic case and spread his fingers over a cube identical in size and shape to the one Aswan once had. It pulsed a dim purple light as he lifted a bowl of nuts up to the counter.
As he shoved a handful of salted peanuts in his mouth, Branson saw Rockford go back through the door to the outer room where the squad of military police were stationed. He quickly sipped his drink and yelled, sounding genuinely scared and panicked, “Where's my other jailer off to!? Preparing a water board or maybe to get thumbscrews to make me talk!? There's no need for that, Sebastian. I've told you everything I know about the aliens, at gunpoint!”
“Brent, calm down and quit shouting. If you've been honest about everything you should be fine. But for all you've said, you haven't said how high up this cover-up goes. What about the president and congress, do they know?”
“You haven't been listening to me. The aliens don't want to rule or control the world. All they want is to be left alone. Why would they want to get involved with the worst kind of scum on Earth; politicians?” Branson said in exasperation.
“You didn't answer me. Does the president know about them?”
“The president?” Branson asked with a sneer. “America goes through leaders faster than most people wear out a pair of socks. Of course, he doesn't know. None of them ever have, except for Roosevelt during the war.”
“Well friend, the secrecy is over as of today. The president needs to know, especially considering what has been going on down there in Alabama.”
“The explosion wasn't caused by them. That's why I sent Colonel Aswan to go find the blast's real origins and I'm sure he would have too, if your idiot Wilcox hadn't murdered him.”
“I'm glad you brought him up. Aswan had an odd glass cube thing with him. What can you tell me about it?”
The admiral set down his drink and looked at Heller. “How did you- never mind. Just please tell me your people aren't fooling around with it,” Branson said, and for the first time that evening, looking genuinely scared.

A middle-aged woman with a generously rotund body was hugging a short skinny man in the doorway of the room across from Branson's suite, as Captain Rockford went down the hall. He tried not to envision them engaged in more amorous endeavors but failed. A fluttery swirling sickness rolled restlessly as he walked down the stairs into the nearly deserted lobby.
Raising his hand in a half wave at the two military policemen, stationed one on either side of the doors which separated the lobby from the quiet upscale Georgetown neighborhood beyond, he smiled.
One nodded back slightly as the other seemed more asleep than not, leaning against the wall.  
Rockford thought briefly of going over and waking him up and then shrugged. If Branson keeps spilling his guts at this rate we could be out of here before much longer. Of course, if I had a pack of giants in military police uniforms and a pissed off general on my case, I'd probably spill my guts too.

He paused by the small fountain in the lounge's entryway. It was filled with a glittering collection of coins and goldfish of various sizes. In the center of the fountain there was a short stone pillar with a large bronze statue of a young naked girl lying on her side holding a goblet up as if in the midst of a toast. From over the lip of the goblet water overflowed and splashed down off her rather large breasts, before splashing into the fountain below.
He hadn't realized he'd brought his notebook down with him and slid it into his jacket pocket as he fished out a coin from his pocket and tossed it into the water.

Rockford was thinking of the fountain's statue while humming the Foreigner song Cold as Ice as he walked into the lounge. He spotted his notebook exactly where he'd left it when Heller and his security squad arrived earlier. After picking it up he was halfway back to the fountain when he heard one of the guards start to speak in the lobby.
“Hey, you can't come in here. Didn't you see the sign outside? This building is closed until fu- What are you-!” the last word stretched out into a short agonized yelp.
Rockford pulled his sidearm and ran to the fountain in time to see the soldier who'd been nearly asleep on his feet, pointing his gun at a pair of men dressed in dark gray overcoats and hats. From his position he couldn't see their faces, but the guard's expression was one of shock and undeniable terror.
The strange men held things that looked like foot long glass rods and were pointing them at the remaining guard. It was difficult for him to see what exactly was happening as there was a small cloud of smoke or ash slowly drifting down around them. Where it came from was something Rockford wondered.
“Hey! Stop or I'll fire!” Rockford yelled, as the glass rods flashed a brief bright blue color. He'd wondered what had happened to the other guard, but instantly understood as he watched the remaining MP explode with a soft whooshing sound and a brief flash of flame where he'd been standing. His empty uniform collapsed to the tiled floor in a small smoldering untidy pile.
Rockford opened fire from behind the statue in the fountain.
The shots roared and shattered the early morning silence and they were all directly on target.
Both men were shot four times each in the torso. One of them may have stumbled forward a half step, at least Rockford hoped he did because aside from that slight movement neither man seemed effected by the bullets as they turned toward him.
While they pointed their glass rods at him, he fired twice more at the one who seemed to have stumbled before ducking behind the fountain's statue.
The water filled fountain turned instantly into a rushing cloud of superheated steam that exploded toward the high ceiling above. Simultaneously, the bronze statue reflected several small bolts of bright blue and green plasma with the largest one emanating from the upraised cup.

A few minutes later, Rockford awoke face down on the tiles with a swirling nauseated weak feeling and struggled to get to his knees. There was a small patch of blood on the tiles and he felt his nose continuing to leak as he pulled himself over, with great difficulty, to the edge of the fountain.
Distant gunshots drifted down from somewhere upstairs, as he smelled a slight stench of burnt fish.
There was no water in the fountain any longer. The air was hot and humid as he managed to stand. He saw his hands and arms were covered in a fine dust that looked like talcum powder or ashes.
Trying to reach for his gun he felt like was going to vomit, but all that came out was a series of painful dry heaves. Stumbling and trembling, he managed to make it to the long dark mahogany bar and lean across the top. On the other side he saw a spigot on a hose which bartenders used to fill glasses with soda or water. It was hard to focus his eyes and he pressed one of the buttons hoping for water as he held it to his mouth.
Spasms of pain echoed down his throat and stomach as he drank the icy cold water. After a few seconds, he noted there were no more gunshots coming from above. He moved painfully slow toward the emergency exit, holding his hand on the bar for balance as he went. As he opened the exit, screams drifted down from above.

Outside, the deserted alley was lit by the weak predawn sun as he stumbled away faintly hoping no one would think him a coward for running out.

*****

Dr. Everson walked out of Finches Restaurant carrying a bag containing breakfast for the technician and himself. A Hummer squealed to a stop and the driver honked at him as he crossed the parking lot. Since hearing the news that the president was ending the search for answers regarding the explosion, he'd been having a hard time paying attention.
It just doesn't make sense. Terrorists, with mysterious glass cubes that resist giving up their secrets? Aliens or terrorists, not much of a choice. But, if they shut down operations what would they do with the cube?
Who knows, maybe the test with the radio spectrum device will finally answer some questions, he hoped, crossing the parking lot toward the trailer where he'd been working all morning.
A sudden strong gust of wind blowing toward it seemed purely coincidental, but wasn't.

A crunching, tearing and squealing of metal caught his attention and he looked up and saw several soldiers blocking his way back to the research trailer as the gusting wind grew stronger. They were all staring toward the source of the sounds, and after going around them he stopped.
The bag fell to the pavement and as a round greasy sausage patty rolled downhill toward the trailer, he gasped in disbelief.
The middle of research trailer was warping in both size and shape. The front and rear sections were still in their former shape, but the middle third was twisting and shrinking as the metallic screeching intensified.
Everson wasn't sure but thought he heard the technician's faint screams mixing with the shrinking trailer's sounds as an almost gale strength wind howled by. He moved past the group of soldiers several steps before stopping and leaning against a light pole while the wind whipped at his hair and robe. It's just not possible, was his only thought.
The middle section shrank faster as his heart beat erratically and stared. A long increasingly thin string of material, he believed was made up of the trailer, stretched away from the front and end sections to the middle area.
The center section looked darker, as if the morning sunlight shining over his shoulder was powerless to illuminate it. The middle section had originally been about thirty feet long and while the remaining material might measure the same length, its diameter had shrunk to the size of a refrigerator suspended in the air on its side.
“What the fuck is going on!” A soldier standing behind Everson. yelled over the shrieking wind.
The birth of a miniature black hole, maybe? The stunned physics professor thought in answer.

The refrigerator sized section was suddenly reduced to the size of a microwave oven and still suspended in the air by the two strands of material that connected it to the front and rear of the trailer. The actual size was hard to make out as the area surrounding it was almost now pitch black.
Remembering films he'd seen, where atomic tests had been performed above ground, Everson quickly spun around and closed his eyes while shouting, “Don't look at it! For God's sake don't-”
Even with his eyes shut the flash of brilliant red and white light was seen by Dr. Everson, and nearly everyone with a three mile radius of its source. He was expecting an explosion and was as shocked as much as relieved when there was none.
Instead, there was a tremendous thunderclap of noise and the wind ceased immediately.
A few seconds later with his eyes still shut, he heard alarms and sirens competing with yells of confusion and terror as many people realized they'd been struck blind by the flash.
Dr. Everson opened his eyes and saw the bluish ghost afterimages he'd experienced when someone occasionally used a camera flash and they snapped his picture without warning. Ignoring the distortions in his vision, he slowly looked back to the trailer. The long strands of incredibly compacted remnants attached to the remaining front and rear sections of trailer still hung in the air but stopped about ten feet from touching. The middle section was gone.

*****

“Why don't they come forward, make themselves known to everyone, if they're as wonderful as you say these pig guys are? All this hiding who and what they are seems more than slightly insidious to me,” General Heller asked as he sipped his drink while sitting at the bar across from Admiral Branson.
“Sure you don't want to wait for your fellow inquisitor to come back from wherever he went?”
“Just answer me. Why all the secrecy?”
“Remember when I mentioned the Tehran conference that happened during the second world war? Long ago when they first came to Earth they landed in Iran, which was then called Persia. 
On first meeting them, some kind of warlord decided they were demonic creatures and tried to have them killed,” Branson said and laughed before sipping his drink and continuing. “He sent thousands of his warriors against them. That was a big mistake. Only a few men managed to escape the massacre.”
“Why did they land there in the first place?”
“I'm just going by what I've heard through the grapevine, but supposedly their ship was badly damaged and after checking out the various races around the planet they chose Persia because their natural appearance was most similar to them; well, except for the tusks and snouts that is. You know, I might have overstated the massacre aspect slightly,”  Branson said, rubbing his chin gently. “I heard their ship was virtually destroyed and several of them died. But eventually they did win the battle and decided it would be easier to live here if they looked more like humans. It makes sense really. After all, how do you think people would react to people who looked like pigs wandering around?”
“Does the Muslim prohibition of eating pork have anything to do with their choice of where to live, by any chance?” Heller asked, looking at the door while wondering where Rockford was.
“Come on Sebastian, don't be a racist,” Branson said, with a look of disapproval.
The general blushed slightly before responding. “It's not a racist question. If they resembled swine, it would only make sense to live in a part of the world that refused to eat pigs.”
Branson smiled. “Actually I've never asked any of them about that. I always thought that might be more than a little rude, plus some of them are kind of unbalanced anyway.”
“Oh? How many are unbalanced, and in what way?”
“Their people had a falling out over the centuries. The more 'live and let live' variety chose to migrate to the western nations over time. Whereas, some have become- let's just say more radicalized by the initial culture in which they were introduced.”
“Wait? Are you saying the Muslim terrorists are pig aliens? That's insane.”
“I didn't say that, although several have joined forces with and lead some of the most well known terrorist groups. Most of the ones who stayed in the Arab world agreed with the radicals in their desire to see other world religions destroyed and the people converted or killed. I never understood the why part of it though. Maybe they just hate the idea that Christians and others eat pork products.”
“Can you back any of that up with some kind of proof?”
Branson nodded and grinned. “Remember how they never showed photos of Osama Bin Laden's body after he was killed? And how they disposed of his body at sea? Think about it.”
“You're shitting me! He was an alien?”

Several gunshots from the next room accompanied by shouts of surprise and anger came through the closed bathroom door.
“Damn you, Brent!” Heller yelled and fired his gun at the old man behind the bar. The bullets flashed bright purple a few feet short of his grinning face.
“Best put the gun down, Sebastian. If you don't, they're going to do something extremely unpleasant to you and you'll be nothing more than a pile of ashy dust; And on this I shit you not old friend,” Branson said, lifting the glowing purple cube and placing it on top of the bar counter.  “And believe it or not, everything I've told you was the absolute truth. So, just put down the gun and relax. They won't kill you, unless you try and make trouble.”
“You're a traitor and not just to America but every single human on Earth! How could you do this?” Heller said, walking toward the bar.
“You can have a piece of the good life too, just drop the gun and tell me where that Captain Rockford went.”
Heller stopped and looked thoughtful as the sound of gunfire ended in the other room. Smiling broadly at his old friend, he said, “I hope that you burn in Hell.” Turning toward the opening door he raised his gun and fired as the first short man entered.
“No! Don't!” Branson yelled at the short man who was holding a short glass rod in his hand.

“Shit!” Branson screamed, as General Sebastian Heller's flaming uniform collapsed on the floor surrounded by an ash cloud of his remains. He looked up at the newcomer in disgust.
“Oops,” a short man wearing dark gray fedora hat and overcoat said, walking through the ashes to the bar. “You okay?”
“I'm just peachy. Did you find a captain somewhere around here and eliminate him?”
“Everyone we've met has been taken care of. My partner's planting the explosives and flame charges. We should leave before the police arrive.”
Picking up his still glowing cube Branson walked from behind the bar and kicked Heller's Colt in disgust, sending it spinning across the tiled floor before landing and quickly sinking in the tub of mud as he stomped through his remains. “I still would have liked a chance to learn more about the captain that was in here. I don't like loose ends. It's sloppy.”
As they walked through the main room Branson looked at the piles of ashes and empty uniforms scattered about. “Did either of you get hurt?”
The short man opened the door to the hall and laughed.

Across the hall an obese woman, wearing very little, stood behind her locked door looking through the peep hole and shuddered as she heard the short man laughing.
It was a nasty snorting kind of sound that reminded her of when she worked on her father's pig farm growing up. Backing away from the door as the snorts continued, she thought they sounded almost like squeals.
She called the front desk to report the gunshots but no one answered. Hanging up she tried 911.
“Emergency services, what's the nature of your emer-” The voice started to say before the phone went dead and the lights went out.
Standing in the dark, except for the dim early morning light leaking in through the heavy curtains, she caught her first whiff of smoke. She ran to the window and threw aside the curtains.
Thick clouds of black smoke were billowing up from below as she heard something explode downstairs. Her last thought as the floor gave way and she started to fall into the flames below was, Momma was right, I should have stayed on the farm.

*****

Colonel Abrahms had managed to enjoy almost ninety minutes of sleep before he was awakened by a discordant chorus of loud sirens and alarms. Rolling out of bed he quickly dressed and ran outside while wondering what new fuckaroo was brewing.
His aide was waiting outside behind the steering wheel of a Hummer. “Something weird happened over at the research lab. I saw a flash of light about thirty seconds before I got a call from the command post.”
“What did they say happened?” Abrahms asked, as he climbed into the passenger seat.
Putting the Hummer in gear and flooring it, he shrugged. “They were hard to understand. There was a lot of shouting and alarms in the background. All I got clearly was and I quote 'The research lab's fucked up.'”
It's that fucking cube. Damn it, I begged Heller to let us send it somewhere else. Why Lord, why doesn't anyone ever listen to me, Abrahms wondered, as they picked up speed.

Expecting to see smoke, fire, and devastation upon reaching the trailers Abrahms was confused and more than a little pissed off to instead see dozens of soldiers sitting around apparently goofing off.
“Stop here,” Abrahms said to the driver as he unrolled his window. “Sergeant, would you please tell me why you're just sitting there looking pitiful?”
“I'm fucking blind, whoever you are. Now piss off and get me and my men some medics.”
Abrahms felt like an asshole as he climbed out of the Hummer and went to the sergeant's side. “I'm Colonel Abrahms, of the military police. Help's on the way,” he said, hoping that was true. “Can you tell me what happened?”
“Was going on duty with my squad when a flash of light went off. It was like every flash on every camera in the world went off at the same time. Someone came by a minute ago and led us over to the curb and told us to wait for help,” the sergeant said, fishing a cigarette out of his pocket and trying to light it without much success.
“I got it,” Abrahms said, lighting his cigarette for him. “You guys sit tight, I'll be sure the medics are here ASAP. Don't worry, everything will be alright.”
“Fucking president couldn't order and end to this quarantine zone yesterday. He had to wait until today, now I get to go home with a white cane tapping the ground in front of me,” the sergeant said after puffing on his cigarette.
“The quarantine zones been lifted? Who told you that?” Abrahms asked sounding doubtful.
“It was on the TV little while ago. Reporter said we'd be leaving around noon.”
“Fuck a duck!” Abrahms screamed in frustration as he ran back to the Hummer.

Twenty minutes later, ambulances and other vehicles were getting the last of the blinded to the infirmary as Abrahm's walked into the command post trailers. His first thought was that everyone had decided that since the quarantine zone was ending at noon they might as well leave early. There was no one at any of the desks and a maddening chorus of unanswered phones were ringing.
He thought about trying to answer them and shook his head thinking, Fuck that, I have got to see the video and get some answers.
Running through the trailer, past the empty workstations, he heard someone swearing further down the hall toward the surveillance room.
A chubby middle aged man wearing pajamas and a robe was wiggling a paperclip into the surveillance room door's lock.
Abrahms almost pulled his gun until he saw the red ID card on the stranger's robe.
Hurrying up beside him he said, “A key and key card are necessary to get in there. Are you Everson?”
“Yes, and I want to know what happened in that lab,” he said, looking frustrated and scared.
“That makes two of us,” Abrahms said, unlocking and opening the door.

*****

“You can run faster than that. Come on, keep up, jelly belly,” a young man wearing a purple and white jogging suit called over his shoulder to a young woman identically dressed.
The woman was several yards behind him, struggling to catch up as they ran along a stone path that meandered through the small park.
A squirrel watched from a branch in a nearby tree as the early morning sun warmed him.
Panting heavily, the woman veered off the path and headed for a water fountain by a line of shrubs that separated the park from the road. Vehicles could be heard driving beyond the hedge as she reached the fountain and started to drink.
“I told you, no rest until we go at least two miles. And remember this was your idea anyway.  You said you wanted to get in shape before we go to your parents place for Thanksgiving,” the man said sternly, but smiled as he jogged over and watched her slurping the water.
Looking up, still bent over the stone water fountain, she gasped, “I said we should run a few laps, Mike, not start some kind of a marathon.”
“Alright, you can rest up but I'm going to do another lap. When I get back around here you better be ready to move that fat ass of yours or someone might just spank it,” he said before sprinting back to the path as she grunted and drank some more.

The water made her stomach clench and she bent over trying not to hate her husband for being such a jerk. The sirens wailing in the distance made her again wish she'd brought her MP3 player and headphones. She looked at the plume of smoke drifting up across the sky from somewhere to the north and wondered what was burning. Her feet ached almost as much as her head did and silently she swore not to drink wine the night before going jogging ever again. She slipped off a shoe and let a few small pebbles fall out while turning it upside down and shaking it.
A whisper of a voice coming from behind startled her and she lifted her shoe ready to clobber whoever it was. Bums sometimes slept in the park and most were harmless, but she was wary nonetheless while spinning around. Her eyes widened as she saw a man dressed in some kind of military uniform, crawling across the dewy grass toward the water fountain. His face and hands were ashy white and his eyes looked impossibly blood shot.
“Oh my God. Were you mugged?” She asked, moving quickly to his side and helping him to a park bench.
“Water. Please,” he managed to say with difficulty through his parched lips.
She reached into a waste can and picked out a plastic cup from a fast food restaurant and ran back to the fountain. Rinsing it out as well as possible, she filled it half full and brought it to him.
He sipped from it and swayed unsteadily on the bench.
As he took another drink, she held his shoulder to keep him from falling off the bench.
“You need an ambulance. They'll be here in just a couple of minutes,” she said, pulling her cell phone out of her pocket.
“No, please don't call them. Please,” he begged, looking up at her with eyes that appeared impossibly sunken in addition to horribly bloodshot.
“You need help. My husband's a cop. He'll be running by in just a couple of minutes,” she said looking hopefully toward the jogging path.
“Call my daughter, Sarah,” he said, before reciting the phone number.

“What?” A sleepy voice came through the phone.
“Your father gave me this number. He's hurt. I found him a few minutes ago in the Benjamin Franklin Park in Georgetown.”
“Who is this?”
“My name is Cheryl, but that's not important. He won't let me call an ambulance and he's really hurt.”
“Let me talk to him.”
Cheryl handed him the phone and stepped back.
“Sweetie bear, I need you,” Rockford whispered in a raspy voice.
“Daddy? Hang on, I know where the park is. I'll be there in five minutes,” she said, before hanging up.
Handing her back the phone, Rockford smiled weakly. “Thanks, she's coming. You can go on now. Everything will be okay.”
“Can you tell me what happened and who you are, at least?”
“I think you'd be better off not knowing the answer to either of those questions,” he answered, before finishing off the last of the water. “Could you get me some more, please?”

*****

It was dark in the surveillance room, except for the light coming from the long line of small monitors that lined the wall. On them, live feeds were still being received on all of them except for two. The two screens were labeled Research Lab.
After entering his authorization code, Colonel Abrahms switched those feeds to the big screen monitor hanging on the wall.
“Hang on, I gotta back the recordings up. Do you have any ideas what happened over there?”
“You'd laugh,” Everson said, staring at the screen as Abrahms tapped on the keyboard.
“I don't think so.”
“From what I saw, it looks like that damn cube imploded like a miniature black hole,” Everson said, shaking his head.
“See, I'm not laughing. What's the likelihood of radiation?” Abrahms asked, reaching for the phone and dialing military police headquarters.
“Very likely; damn fucking likely, as a matter of fact.”
Holding up a hand to signal quiet, Abrahms spoke quickly into the phone ordering a nuclear investigation team to the site and that no one be allowed within half a mile until they have findings on the danger from radiation. After hanging up, he looked at Everson and raised an eye brow.
“Yeah I know, if there's radiation we're probably already screwed. Doesn't matter anyway, I was only about fifty feet from the trailer when it happened. Just play the video.”

Onscreen, the lab technician was rolling some equipment over to the table and looking at his watch.
“I was getting us breakfast or I'd have been in there too.”
Abrahms nodded as the video continued.
The first sign of trouble was when the cube changed from its regular milky coloration to a slowly flashing purple and then red. A few seconds later, a rapid beeping sound caught the technician's attention and he ran back to the scale built into the examination table. He looked down at the digital readout and the overhead camera showed the scales blue numbers rapidly increasing.
At half a ton, he pulled a Geiger counter off the counter nearby and waved it around the cube. The video didn't show the readings, but the technician looked relieved as he left it turned on and set it down near the cube.
“No radiation?” Abrahms asked.
“Or not enough to worry about. He should have left, though. What the Hell is he doing, taking pics?” Everson asked, as they watched the technician pull his cell phone out and point it at the cube.
“Look at the scale, why did it stop?” Abrahms asked.
“It's more than it can measure. Oh God, leave! Run, you idiot!” Everson screamed as the cube was now less than half its original size.
Over the speakers they heard the trailer walls creaking and windows imploding followed by gusts of wind while the man quickly shoved the phone in his shirt pocket.
The lights seemed dimmer except for the quickly pulsing red cube. A loud rapid clicking sound started mixing with the winds being sucked into the room and the technician looked at the Geiger counter again. He yelled, “Fuck!” and turned to run.
The cube was getting harder to see. It was almost black except for the faster flashes of red.

“Why's it look like that? What's with the lights?”
“The cube's collapsing in on itself. I think it's too late for him to leave even if he wanted. As for the darkness, even light photons are being pulled in,” Everson theorized while wanting to look away but unable as the video continued.
The darkness was expanding from the center of the table as the wall mounted camera showed the technician moving slower. From the above mounted camera he was moving closer to regular speed, but the video signal was becoming steadily more static filled.
“Why the discrepancy? The time code should have these cameras synced up,” Abrahms asked, as the wide shot started to take on a jerky almost strobe light look.
“The closer one is probably on the edge of the cube's event horizon or at least much closer, therefore the video looks like more normal speed but note the interference. If light can't escape from it neither can the video signal, at least not for much longer. As for the wide angle video from the wall, time and things still visible inside the area appear to move slower,” Everson explained, shaking his head knowing that if the technician was inside the cube's event horizon he was dead already.

There was a loud cracking sound coupled with an increasing roar of wind as the ceiling began to collapse. Audio from the closer feed sounded like it was recorded at double or maybe triple speed before the screen flared and went dark.
The technician was trying to grab onto a counter. His face was one of unimaginable agony as Everson thought he was probably feeling something akin to a gravitational wood chipper shredding his body's nerves.
The remaining camera took on a growing fish eyed warping effect and the man's scream sounded slower and were almost lost in the sound of rushing wind After he managed to wrap his fingers around the edge of the counter, there was a red flash in the darkness and the view of the lab warped even more.
The darkness engulfed his body except for his torso, head, and outstretched arms.
The darkness quickly grew until only the man's fingers were visible.
It was hard to see, with the increasing video interference, but the fingers seemed to stretch out impossibly long back into the blackness.
When Abrahms had been a child his parents once bought him a Stretch Armstrong action figure. He'd loved pulling his rubbery arms and legs but right then all he could think was, Don't throw up.

The remaining video went bright white and then became only static.
Both men sat quietly for several seconds before Everson cleared his throat and looked at Abrahms. “I worked with that man for almost four hours and never even thought to ask what his name was. Do you know it or if he had any family?”
The colonel shook his head as he tapped on the keyboard to make a copy of the video feeds they'd just seen. “Never met him.” He paused and then continued, “I've seen a lot of movies where people who were pulled into a black hole are transported to alternate universes or something like that. Do you think it's possible that could have happened to him?”
Everson sighed heavily and stood up while shaking his head. “If you asked me that yesterday, or if a small glass cube could act like a black hole, I'd have thought you were a gibbering moron. This morning however, I just don't know what to think. I'd like to hope he just died.”
Abrahms stood and looked at him, “Why do you say that?”
“An alternate universe or dimension is a possibility but a horrible one. What if it was solely inhabited by ravenous insects, demons, monstrosities, or perhaps he came out in deep space itself and had the unpleasant sensation of feeling his body turning into a frozen block of ice.
The possibilities are as endless as they are nightmarish,” Everson said, stepping into the hallway. “Could I please go home now, colonel? I'd very much like to get mindlessly drunk as soon as possible and try to forget the last several hours.”
“Get checked out for radiation exposure first. If you're clean, take a few minutes and write up a report on your experiences here and any theories you may have on the cube. Then turn it in back here at the command post.
After that, you're free to go. But I may have to contact you, so try not to get too drunk.” Abrahms said, walking him through the previously deserted warren of workstations. While not yet fully staffed, the reassuring sight of several personnel busily working made him feel slightly better.
At the outer door Abrahms said, “I'm kind of surprised by one thing, doctor.”
Stepping outside, the tired looking man in his pajamas and robe looked back questioningly.
“Why didn't you ask for a copy of the videos? I couldn't have given you one, of course, but I fully expected you to at least ask for one.”
Everson looked across the parking lot to where the research lab once was. The view was blocked by several emergency vehicles and for that he was somewhat grateful. “Colonel, I could have very easily been in that trailer when everything went to shit. My life was spared by my stomach grumbling for breakfast.
Right now, however, I doubt I'll be able to eat anything for quite a while. Tomorrow I may eat, but no matter how long I live I promise you I will never want to see that video again.”
“I understand,” Abrahms said, patting the man on the shoulder before returning to his office.

*****

The black limo sped through the early morning traffic, weaving gracefully past those drivers who seemed confused by the road signs showing the minimum speed limit was forty miles per hour.
The driver had a theory that Washington DC was home to a considerable population of foreigners that apparently confused the word minimum with maximum. Passing a new Mercedes driven by a man wearing what looked like a purple turban, the limo driver was going one mile an hour under the speed limit and obeying all laws regarding the operation of a motor vehicle, but still felt nervous. It wasn't cops he worried about. It was the odd trio of men in the back.
If the money wasn't so good, he'd quit in a heartbeat. After only a few weeks of being hired as a driver he had a growing feeling something was wrong with his employer and his associates. He'd driven for odd and secretive clients before but none more so than his current one.

Being a limo driver was easy work, really. People would get in, tell him an address and then roll up the black leather partition that was supposed to be soundproof but wasn't.
At first he'd thought being able to listen in was sort of funny. When he drove for a young girl who dressed like a slut and sang horribly at sold out concerts that particular limo had the same faulty soundproofing. In that case, he learned a lot about which stars were gay when she talked to people on the phone and more than a few times heard rhythmic thumping sounds accompanied by moans and groans of sex.
That had been a good gig. If the girl hadn't died from overdosing on drugs he'd still be happily driving her wherever her slutty little heart desired.
But she was dead and now he was driving for some very disturbing people. Usually they spoke a language that he'd never heard before and that never really bothered him.
It was the few snippets of conversation in English, usually spoken over the phone that made his skin crawl. That, and the way some of the men laughed. They squealed like pigs and the sound, on more than one occasion, made it very hard to keep from screaming.

Pulling off the interstate, he drove toward the small private airfield his employers sometimes used. He tried not to listen to them talking by rerunning movies and television shows in his mind.  Usually it worked, but this morning they were talking and shouting much more than usual.
“You're both going down there, right now. Your counterparts are already trying to track down Professor Anniston. Heller's out of the way but that's not enough. I want confirmation it's gone as well. Also, find and make Colonel Wilcox disappear but first squeeze him for information until he squeals,” an angry excited voice drifted through the partition.
A series of grunts in the weird foreign language followed along with laughter and more of the unnerving pig like noises.
As more talking went on, the driver began replaying an old episode of M*A*S*H in his head. It was one of the earlier shows, before it got boring and all preachy toward the end of the series. By the time he reached the automated gate leading into the airfield, he'd managed to relax slightly. But the names Wilcox and Anniston remained floating in the back of his mind as he unrolled the driver side window and inserted his magnetic card key.

A few minutes later the three men got out of the back and walked quickly to a small jet which was in front of a hangar.
The driver was feeling relieved as he watched the two short men in dark gray coats and hats climb aboard the jet. A flash of light from inside the hangar blinded him momentarily. Glancing inside he saw five more jets identical to the one outside, but in the farthest corner he saw a man carrying something that looked like an enormous coffin with portholes or what looked like them along the side. The man carrying it looked toward the open hangar doors and upon seeing the limo turned quickly away and moved into the shadows.
The distance from the limo to where the man stood inside the hangar was maybe fifty yards.  It was too great a distance to be sure of what he saw, but the driver quickly looked down as what appeared to be a large half man half pig disappeared from view.
He nearly screamed when the man wearing the white robe knocked on the window. Instead, he unrolled it and asked, “Yes sir?”
“I've had a long unpleasant evening. So, just take me home.”
“Yes sir,” he said, and waited until the man got in the back, put the limo in drive and pulled away not daring to glimpse inside the hangar again.

*****

Walking slowly down the sidewalk, the old woman smiled up at the early morning sun as it peeked around the edge of a tall building a few blocks away. It's good to be alive and that's a fact, she thought, before stopping to paw through a big green trashcan.
There were several paper bags from fast food places and even more plastic bottles but no aluminum cans inside.
She sighed in disappointment and put the trash back in the can. A police car cruised slowly by and she waved at the officer behind the wheel. But he was staring halfway down the block at a big RV that was taking up several parking spaces.
She walked along, happy he hadn't stopped to give her grief for dumpster diving. Some cops are jerks that way, she knew.
Looking up at the decorations all over the RV, she wondered what kind of nut would drive such a gaudy looking thing. It was covered in an odd collection of sports decals of all varieties. Footballs, baseballs, bats, and basketballs were placed with little sense of design along the sides. She liked the big dragon rearing up on its hind legs at the rear, but overall the rest of it looked like someone who had too much money and not enough sense owned it. Leaning back and giving it one last look, she thought about how she'd rather be dirt poor than have money to waste on such an ugly thing.
She laughed as she realized she was in fact dirt poor and that it takes all kinds of people to make this goofy old world keep on spinning, even her. “To each his own,” she muttered, turning back toward the sunrise.

The woman behind the steering wheel of the SUV behind the RV looked familiar. But it was the little girl sitting in the passenger seat that she recognized first. Smiling broadly, she shouted “Morning!” and waved at them while walking closer.
Jumping out of the car, Shannon Mendez ran around to the sidewalk and smiled back but with more than a touch of concern on her face. “Miss Taylor, what are you doing out of the hospital?”
“Hospitals are for the sick and dying and I ain't either of those.” She looked up at the sky saying, “Thank you, Jesus,” then smiled weakly at Shannon. “I see you met up with, Miss Betty.  How are you two doing this beautiful morning?”
Betty looked through the open passenger side window saying, “I am fine.”
“We're both okay but really now, tell me, did the doctors say you could go home?” Shannon asked.
“Them doctors don't know diddly squat. Bunch of overpaid pill pushers is all they are. After they poked and fiddled with my head for a few hours they said some fool thing about second degree burns and gave me a tube of some foul smelling gunk. I'm supposed to rub it on top of my head for a few weeks then come back and let them take another peek.
But they can kiss my ass if they think I'm gonna come all the way back here again. Must be at least seventy miles twixt here and Ragland. Besides, one of the nurses gave me this here scarf to wear. Ain't it beautiful?” Allison asked, stroking the long dangling piece of material tied under her chin.
Shannon nodded, and looked at the girl who wasn't really a girl as she got out of the car.
“It is very nice. Miss Taylor, are you familiar with the religious tradition of laying on of hands?” Betty asked.
“My grand daddy swore it worked when some folks at a church prayed over him and laid their hands on him. He said his Syphilis went away a few days later. Course, I believe it was more the medicine he took than the prayers that cured him. Why do you ask, child?”
“May I try?” Betty asked, stepping closer holding out her hands.
“You're a sweet child but no thank you. If the Good Lord saw fit to let me be snatched bald and toasted up top a bit that's his will.”
“As you wish,” the girl said, lowering her hands to her sides.
“Well, it was nice seeing you both again. You two have a nice day. I got some long miles of walking before I get home. My cat's probably worried sick about me,” Allison said, before waving and turning to walk away.
“Wait. I can drive you home in a little while,” Shannon said quickly.
“If you're sure it ain't no bother, I guess I could wait a spell. Might just amble down to the railroad park a few blocks away. I heard it's pretty and haven't had a chance to see it yet. But, if you ain't there by noon I'm gonna start walking home, for sure. Mister Jackson must be mighty lonely.”
“I'll be there, I promise. See you later.”
Allison called back over her shoulder, “See ya,” as she walked away.

After the old woman was out of earshot, Agent Mendez looked at the girl. “I'm curious about something. How do you people judge someone like Allison? She's not a bad person. Would you kill her too?”
“She is not a bad person, you are right. But neither is she constructive with her life. From the data gathered on her, she would not be saved.”
“So, this anti virus you spoke of earlier she wouldn't be given it?”
“No.”
“I don't understand. A few minutes ago you asked to try and help her injuries, but now you say she's not worth saving. I thought you said it was the destructive or dangerous people that would make your viral warfare necessary. What's wrong with her? Why does she deserve to die?” Mendez asked in confused frustration.
“It is not as simple as being a good person. Our criteria for inoculation is much more complicated than that. An analogy might help you to understand.
If a large ship were sinking, who would you see put into a life boat? Children who have their whole lives ahead of them filled with great potential, or an old woman that amounts to very little except perhaps to her cat?”

“I'd recognize that inhuman, some might say monstrous philosophy anywhere. So, now they've moved up from roaches to a nearly full size robotic monstrosity. With apologies to William Shakespeare, A Trojan horse by any other name would smell as foul,” a tired voice called from a slightly open window near the rear of the RV.
Mendez looked up at the window, asking, “Who are you?”
“You should just call me, Judas, traitor of all mankind,” the tired voice called again.
“That would be Professor James Anniston. He is the man I told you about,” Betty explained.
A soft sigh came from the window before the voice continued, “Come on in. I'll wake the others. Did you happen to bring along my fee of thirty pieces of silver?”
As they walked to the RV's door, the girl looked up at Mendez. “He is having a difficult time coping with the situation.”
“And, you think I'm not?” Shannon asked, as she knocked on the door.


CHAPTER FIFTEEN: Birmingham Blues

“You shouldn't be up. You're going to get me in trouble with the doctor,” a nurse whined in a futile attempt to stop Amalia Armstrong from pulling on her blue jeans.
Armstrong eyed her bloody shirt stuffed in a plastic bag laying on the shelf for a moment before tucking the hospital gown into her pants and reaching for her boots. “You can stand there and bitch at me or help me with my boots, either way I'm leaving,” Amalia said, while trying to find a less painful way of leaning over. The pain from being shot was temporarily tamped down by the drugs, but she certainly didn't want to rip out any stitches if it could be avoided.
The nurse stood irresolute as Amalia wiggled a foot into one of the boots for a moment before bending over and helping her. “I don't know what you think you can do out there. The alarms and sirens have been off for at least twenty minutes. Whatever happened is over now.
You should just stay in bed. Besides, I heard just a while ago, we're transporting patients to Birmingham hospitals before the quarantine perimeter is lifted at noon.”
“Rumors and sirens are never a good sign, nurse. Do you know where they put my weapon?” Amalia asked, as they finished slipping on the first boot and moved to the next one.
“It's locked up in the head nurses station, along with your cell phone. You'll have to sign to get them out.”
Amalia stood up and clomped loudly down the corridor as the nurse struggled to keep up.

A few minutes later she stood outside with her shoulder holster strapped over her appropriated hospital gown shirt and speed dialed Agent Hicks. She heard the phone ring several times before the system shuttled the call to voice mail. Grunting in frustration, she hung up and tried Agent Mendez's number as she crossed over to Finches Restaurant where her temporary office was.
After getting another voice mail message she swore some very unladylike words that prompted a few nearby soldiers to chuckle as they continuing to load one of the trucks.
Expecting to smell hamburgers grilling as she entered the restaurant, Amalia was surprised by the bleach fumes and emptiness of the place. No one was behind the counter and the floors were still spotty from where someone had recently mopped up.
Turning toward her office door, she felt like screaming when she saw not only was the guard gone but the whole door as well. What the Hell is going on? She wondered angrily as she stomped into her office.
“Hi,” Agent Hicks said, looking up briefly as he placed a stack of manila folders into a cardboard box.
“Hi? That's all I get? And why haven't you been answering your phone? And why are you wearing that? And what the Hell are you doing?” Amalia sputtered as she crossed over to where he sat behind her desk.
“Good to see you, too. Last question first; I'm packing up because the field office in Birmingham has ordered us back to the big city. I'm wearing this spiffy athletic suit I borrowed because my suit was covered in a paste of dried shit that I felt was unbecoming of an agent to wear.
It's over there in that garbage bag if you don't believe me and wanna take a whiff. As to my phone; a redneck who kidnapped me left it somewhere in the woods near Ragland.”
She stood speechless for several seconds as he continued to pack up files. She started to speak a few times, but they were false starts. Finally, she managed to ask, “Where's Mendez? She won't answer her phone either.”
He stopped working and looked up. “She hasn't checked in? Last I saw of her was when she was taking some kid into Birmingham to catch up with her family. Her grandparents were messed up by the same prince of a guy that kidnapped me. I thought she'd have checked in by now.”
“Okay, I'll call the field office and see if they've heard from her in a second but first tell me who stole the door to my office?”

*****

“Just tell me, is it radioactive or not?” Abrahms asked for what felt like the twentieth time.
Dr. Everson grunted in exasperation before trying to explain again, “It is extremely radioactive, but the areas affected seem to only be the twisted ends of the trailer that remain. Think of it as a stove top burner. The whole stove isn't hot; just the burner when it's switched on.”
“Yes, I get that but what I'm asking is it safe to move it. I've asked Washington for an extension on the noon pullout time and they said no. So, can we move it without being exposed to the radiation?”
“If you've got some lead lined sheet-like material, maybe two or three mils thickness, someone could probably wrap up the twisted ends and seal the hot areas. Then I'd advise you to find a safe place to store it until a final resting place is found. Preferably, far away from my home in Mountain Brook. Now, can I please go to bed? I've filled out the report you asked for and the Geiger counter shows I'm clean.”
Sitting behind the wheel of his Hummer, Abrahms looked over at the exhausted professor sitting next to him and sighed before asking, “Any idea where I could find something like you're talking about? You know, the lead lined sheets?”
Everson chuckled and shook his head. “I just assumed the military would have something like that since there was a nuclear blast only a few miles from here, less than a week ago.”
“The guys working in the hot zone at the site have lead lined uniforms but no sheets or anything like that as far as I know.”
Everson smiled saying, “That's even better. Have them send you some of them and dress some lucky volunteer in one of the suits. He goes over and wraps the ends of the trailer up in the other suits. Seal it up with a few rolls of duct tape and it should be safe to move, at least temporarily.”
“But we'd need at least a dozen suits to seal up the ends.”
“From what I saw on the Geiger counter reports the highest radioactive zone is at the tips, where the trailer got twisted and the middle section, um...disappeared. It seems uniquely localized, the radiation I mean, just around the tips. Seal up the last foot or two of it and the pieces should be relatively safe to move,” Everson said yawning.
Abrahms patted Everson's shoulder and said, “I'm going to call for the suits and other equipment. If it works I'll be taking you back home myself, but for now I want you here by my side. Okay?”
“Why do I feel like I've been drafted?” he grumbled while leaning his head against the passenger seat and closing his eyes.

*****

“Where's my son?” Jim Carver asked, fighting down the temptation to scream the question at the nurse making up the bed Jake had been in last night.
“It's all right, Mr. Carver, he's been moved to a private room. The doctor ordered him moved out because he's no longer in danger. He's in room 517, on the fifth floor.”
“Thanks, sorry if I came on a little strong but it's been a rough time,” he said, turning and carrying a suitcase in one hand and a large bag of fast food in the other.
“No worries, plus I heard the exterminators just treated that floor last week so there shouldn't be any more creepy crawlies running around. It's weird, I've been here for almost four years and never saw a roach here before, but I've seen three of them in the last few hours. Hopefully they'll spray up here soon too. They really creep me out.”
“You might not want to mention bug problems to relatives or patients. It doesn't reflect too well on the hospital,” Jim whispered, before waving goodbye and heading for the elevators.

*****

Alice watched the bleary eyed Professor Anniston as he glared at the young girl who had been escorted in by an FBI agent and wondered why the usually sweet old man had such an obvious if not barely contained hatred for her. She then glanced at Trevor sitting sideways in the driver’s seat. He looked worried but if the FBI was here maybe she should be concerned too. She tried to think of any laws they'd broken since they left the quarantine zone and drew a blank.
After Agent Shannon Mendez introduced herself and the girl had given her name, the atmosphere was oddly tense as everyone exchanged looks while waiting for someone to speak first.
Aside from glaring at the girl, Anniston toyed with his coffee cup and tapped his fingers of his seemingly miraculously healed hand on the kitchen table.
The agent was staring outside through the windshield while standing in front of the closed and locked side door.
I'm going to scream if this keeps up, Alice thought, before deciding to try and break the ice. Smiling at the pretty young girl, she said, “I really like your hair. Mine looked a lot like that when I was your age. I'm sure you must have trouble with boys always asking you out on dates, right?”
“Thank you for saying my hair is nice. As for boys, I am not interested in them,” Betty said.

Professor Anniston shook his head and glanced at Trevor before sipping his coffee.
“Well, Betty, could you tell me what brand of shampoo you use to make your hair look so nice?” Alice ventured, when the room once more drifted into silence.
“For God's sake, Alice, I thought you understood,” Anniston said in a surly almost shouting voice. “This girl isn't human. She's an alien who only appears to be human. What shampoo she uses doesn't matter. It's her people holding humanity in judgment, deciding if we're worthy of living or being executed by the billions, that matters.”
“She's an alien?” Alice asked doubtfully, staring at the girl. “Are you really an alien?”
“In answer to your first question, I don't use shampoo. As for the alien accusations, they are slightly overstated and misleading yet essentially accurate.”

Shannon, through force of habit more than anything else, kept an eye on traffic and pedestrians as she listened to the awkward discussion. She felt the cell phone in her jacket pocket vibrate for the third time since they'd talked with Allison earlier and silently debated whether or not to answer it.
On one hand, she wasn't eager to potentially provoke Betty by answering it but on the other not answering it could piss off or worry her superiors. She didn't want to appear submissive by asking for permission to answer it and finally decided to wait and see where things went and ignore the calls for the time being.
To complicate matters further, she didn't like the way the man called Trevor sat sideways listening with a surface level look of disinterest. His body posture and eyes betrayed the aloof attitude he was trying to portray.
Regardless of where he turned his head, his eyes never seemed to leave the girl. Plus his left arm was hanging down out of sight and his overall demeanor made her strongly suspect he was holding some sort of weapon.
She coughed softly to get his attention and gave him a warning glance while minutely shaking her head as the others continued to talk.
Trevor yawned, as if in desperate need of sleep but glanced back and gave her a wink and slight nod of his head.

“I don't understand. What did we, or the rest of humanity for that matter, do to make you want to destroy us?” Alice asked the girl.
Betty walked over to the side of the big flat screen TV hanging on the wall and slid a hand behind it.
The TV powered on and an image of Earth as seen from space filled the screen. “This is our home now. We have come a very long way, expended numerous generations and nearly all of our resources to get here.
Again, I must say Professor Anniston has misrepresented our plans somewhat. We will be happy to coexist with humanity if they can evolve into a less chaotic, stupid, and destructive species. If that change is unattainable for whatever reason then a more drastic plan is already in place.”

Mendez had been looking at a police car parked at the end of the street while listening and surprised herself more than anyone else when she barked a contemptuous laugh. She tried futilely to cover the laugh by coughing.
Anniston smiled and chuckled softly as Betty looked from Shannon to the old man.
“Why are you two laughing?” Betty demanded.
Mendez shook her head as Anniston cleared his throat and spoke up. “You look like a sweet little girl but sound just like a frigging politician. Trying to hide coldblooded murder in carefully constructed ambiguous phrases and words like 'drastic plan' isn't fooling anyone.
You condemn humanity for its penchant for violence at the same time you tiptoe around your race planning to commit global genocide. You'll have to excuse me, but I have to laugh or scream when you do that.”
Betty didn't respond. She remained motionless for several seconds while a silence fell over the group until Alice spoke up. “You say your people have come from a distant place, if it's not impolite to ask can you tell me what you look like?”
Betty nodded slightly. “Many of us wondered how long it would be before some asked that question. Look at the monitor. On it, you will see me.”
Everyone turned and stared as the image of Earth on the TV was replaced by what looked like a combination of a small feather and bits of white fluff. Behind it was what appeared to be a wall of multicolored veins that looked like leaves when viewed under a magnifying lens or microscope.
“I hope our appearance is not too much of a disappointment. We have monitored nearly every television broadcast ever made, as we journeyed here. The human imaginings of extra terrestrial life forms cover a wide variety of shapes and forms,” Betty said, as the feather-like shape on the screen flexed and vibrated in tandem.
Alice was the first one to speak, albeit just one word and in a whisper; “Beautiful.”
Betty smiled and spoke as the feather on the screen vibrated slightly. “Thank you.”
“Is there a point to all this, or am I missing something? This feels more like an intervention for an alcoholic than anything else. Don't get me wrong, like Alice, I also think you're the most beautiful tiny invader I've ever seen but honestly why are you here? Not on Earth either, I get that, but why are you here?” Anniston asked, gesturing around his living room while barely able to keep from shouting as he stood up and walked over to stand before Betty.
The girl removed her hand from behind the TV as it switched off. “It is awkward to admit, but we need your help,” Betty said, backing up a step from the old man.
Everyone except Agent Mendez looked equally incredulous and doubtful. “It's the Ziffels or whatever you called them, isn't it?”
“Yes. They are apparently deeply immersed throughout human society. They are difficult to discover and it is almost impossible to understand their motives. Worse yet, we have discovered our virus does not work on them.
Thus, even if we killed every human on the planet we might have several million or potentially billion others who we do not know anything about to deal with. If however, you could be persuaded to help us learn more about them it would certainly add to the argument for allowing humanity to live. In short, by helping us, you would be helping yourselves.”
“Oh really? Wow, where do I sign up?” Anniston asked sarcastically.
“We do not require your signatures.”
“Have you guys never heard of sarcasm?” Trevor asked, with a small smile.
“Oh, I understand. Dishonesty is not something that comes easy to us. Sarcasm is the stating of something that is diametrically opposed to what is truly meant. If anything, perhaps we are too honest or direct. But lying has been a difficult concept for us to grasp.”
“I don't see how we have much choice when it comes to helping you,” Alice said, shaking her head slowly. “If we help you learn more about the Ziffels that improves or reduces the possibility of your killing humanity off, right?”
“Essentially yes. Plus, you will learn what they are up to as well.”
“Before we agree to anything about this, I want a promise that the virus won't be released,” Anniston said, placing his hands on his hips and glaring down at the girl.
Betty remained motionless for several long seconds. “For the sake of cooperation, it is agreed that we will not use it unless a global altercation makes it necessary.”
“You mean as long as world war three doesn't break out, the virus is out of play?” Mendez asked.
Again Betty remained motionless for several seconds before saying, “If it seems like such a war is eminent, we reserve the right to release it for the good of the planet and every living creature on it.”
“Have we already been inoculated?” Trevor asked, as he thought about what the old man had said the previous night.
“No,” Betty said and then added after several seconds, “Not as of yet.”

*****

Amalia regretted having sent Hicks in search of his partner as she carted the last of the files out to her car. Her back was aching fiercely as the pain medication began to wear off. Glancing over to where the infirmary tents had been, she wondered if there was any aspirin in her glove box. The parking lot of the small shopping center looked nearly deserted as she leaned back against her car and caught her breath.
In the distance, she could hear cars honking at the perimeter as the noon hour approached. I don't blame them. I want to go home, too, she thought, watching a crane lift the oddly twisted remnants of the research trailer into a couple of large dump trucks the army had confiscated from somewhere.
“Excuse me, Mrs. Armstrong,” a voice called from behind her.
She turned and was shocked to see Colonel Wilcox standing behind her, with his right arm wrapped in what looked like a cast. He appeared tired and ashamed and apparently unable to look her in the face.
“Yes?” She asked, angrily. “What do you want?”
“I-” He struggled to find the right words for a few seconds before blurting out, “I'm sorry.
I know that doesn't amount to much but I really am. That bullet could have killed you and- I don't know what to say. You saved my life when you shot Aswan. And I just want you to know how much it means to me that you did that, even after I accidentally shot you.”
She was sorely tempted to mention the fact that she'd meant to shoot him, and not Aswan, but didn't. “I heard about your arm while I was laid up. Is it broken?”
“No, the doctors are trying an experimental treatment on what's left of my skin. They said if it works, I might be able to avoid skin grafting.”
“Did you hear the president's speech?” She asked, laughing.
“He's a politician, of course he's going to lie. I loved the part when he explained the explosion was caused by a wanna be terrorist group,” he said, as the remaining bits of the research trailer clanged loudly into the bed of the truck across the parking lot.
“Are you worried?”
“Who me, worry? We got pig faced aliens on the loose setting off nukes that the president says were actually just your garden variety wanna be human terrorist. What's to be worried about?” Wilcox said, as the dump trucks were escorted out of the lot by two military police Hummers.

Where the trailer once stood, two men in radiation suits walked around in a crisscrossing pattern as they watched.
“Think it's over?” Amalia asked.
Wilcox laughed and said, “Over? No ma'am. Whatever is going on may be hushed up and white washed by the politicians, but no I don't think it's over. Of course, my part's over. They put me on medical leave or at least I will be after I'm debriefed in Washington.”
“What about Heller, did he approve it?” Amalia asked.
“That's another thing. I haven't been able to contact him since early this morning, before my little accident. When I called him, his phone just switched me to voice mail and the assholes in the Pentagon won't say where he is.”
She heard the familiar tune of her cell phone as he was speaking and held up her hand as she answered it. “Amalia Armstrong, here.”
Wilcox saw the men at the site of the research lab trailer taking off the heavy protective masks and radiation suits as they walked toward a van parked nearby.

“Is this Mrs. Armstrong of the FBI?” Came the voice over the phone.
“Yes. Who am I speaking with?”
“My name is Sarah. My dad said to call you and no one else. His name is Captain Jim Rockford. He's sick but won't let me take him to the hospital.”
“Can he talk?” Amalia asked, pulling out her small notebook and making notes.
“He's sleeping now. The only thing he told me to tell you was that Branson and a couple of very dangerous men had probably killed Heller and his squad of military police before torching a whorehouse. I tried to ask what was going on, but he was barely able to say that before he passed out.”
“Good God. I'm going to call some friends of mine in DC to come over there. What's your address?”
After jotting it down, Amalia asked if there was anything else he might have said.
“He told me to hide his notebook,” Sarah said sounding close to tears. “What's going on? Do you know?”
“Is it just you and Rockford there?” Amalia asked, ignoring her question.
“Yes. My husband already went to work. I called in sick because of my dad.”
“Make sure your doors are locked and if you have a gun go get it. My friends should be there in about fifteen minutes, maybe thirty minutes. Check their identification before you let them in, okay?”
“I don't understand,” Sarah said plaintively, as she started to cry. “Why do I need a gun? Maybe I should just call the police.”
“No, don't do that. If your dad had thought they could be trusted he'd have gone to them first. I have to go, just hang tight and help will be there soon,” Amalia said, disconnecting the call before Sarah could say anything else.

“What's up?” Wilcox asked. “I caught that bit about locking doors and getting a gun. What's happening?”
The van with the two men who'd been checking for residual radiation drove past and turned onto the main road. The parking lot was now deserted except for them and Amalia's car.
“Get in the car. I'll tell you on the way to Birmingham,” Amalia said, trotting to her car as she dialed the FBI building in Washington.
As she drove and filled in a friend she trusted completely on the Rockford situation, Wilcox shook his head at the miles of cars lined up waiting to get back into Pinson. The dashboard clock showed it was noon. National Guard soldiers were removing the barricades on the road and the cars started streaming home as they headed for the city.
Wilcox overheard that Heller and his security detail had probably been killed and felt embarrassed by a growing fear in the pit of his stomach.
When she got off the phone they rode several miles in silence, both deep in their own thoughts.

After a few minutes, Amalia asked, “This Admiral Branson guy, what do you know about him?”
“Served in both Korea and the Second World War. Last thirty years he's been at the Pentagon working on a slew of top secret programs. Friend of mine told me he was not a very likeable man. He doesn't socialize much and was never married.”
She looked at him and raised an eyebrow. “That's all you know?”
“He's old; very old. Some junior officers who work in Washington have wondered why he hasn't retired. When someone asks him about it, Branson apparently just laughs it off and says stuff like retiring is for old people.”
“Do you know of any really big projects he's been working on?”
“The biggest I know of was his spearheading the development of that accelerator thing over in Europe. He was the official top American representative from the beginning.”
“You mean the Large Hadron Collider, near Geneva?” She asked suspiciously.
“Yeah, I think that's it. Some sort of scientific boondoggle. Just a big waste of taxpayer money so eggheads can play with their computers and gadgets,” Wilcox said chuckling and shaking his head.
“I did a research paper on the LHC in college. I only got a B on it but remember enough to be worried. It's the biggest and highest powered particle accelerator ever built. One of the reasons it was built was so scientists could investigate string theory. Kinda makes me wonder though,” Amalia said as they passed through the small town of Tarrant, which is right on the outskirts of Birmingham. She fell silent as they stopped at a red light.
A few hundred feet off to the right there was a tall chimney stack that belched out a long bright orange continuous tongue of fire.
He saw she was staring at it as cars behind them honked to helpfully inform her the light had turned green.
She drove on and chewed absently at her bottom lip.
“Okay, I'm not up on all the scientific stuff. So just tell me, what is string theory?” Wilcox asked.
“It's a theory that alternate dimensions or universes coexist in an infinitely long string, or something like that. Some conspiracy nuts say the LHC, Large Hadron Collider could rip a hole between the dimensions. If it did we could theoretically travel there or whoever is there might be able to come here.”
“A gateway? Maybe a way for more of the pig people to come here?” Wilcox asked.
She nodded and pushed the gas pedal to the floor.

*****

Chomping happily on his second extra greasy delicious cheeseburger, Jake sat up in the hospital bed and typed quickly on his laptop computer. Between bites he glanced up and saw his dad and the red headed doctor talking excitedly in the hall just outside his door. He wasn't trying to overhear them but certain words caught his attention. Wondering what was so 'unprecedented, miraculous, or mysterious' about him, according to the doctor anyway, Jake belched and checked his email.
There were over six hundred messages and all since just two days ago. Scrolling through them, he saw most were from people who'd heard he almost died. Shaking his head, he went to the message from his friend Tommy Owens with the heading message spelling out 'woof woof'.
He opened the message and saw a digital photo of Frodo playing in the Owen's backyard and again wondered when they'd let him out of the hospital. It was hard to think about writing much of anything as he logged into his website and blog, but with over six hundred messages to answer it seemed the best way to thank them all for their concern at one time.

At the top of his web page, he saw the banner with the words 'Living & Loving For a Better Tomorrow' and cringed inwardly. Back in fifth grade, when he'd started the web site, it hadn't seemed so dorky but now that he was a freshman in high school every time he saw it he felt like puking.
His social studies teacher at the time had assigned each student to design and create a web page that would serve the community. Most of his classmates had made sites dedicated to television, movies, or music reviews. Others had done projects of recycling or anti littering, but it was his creation that had earned an A+, an award from the governor, and interviews on two different cable news channels.

The funny thing about it was that Jake had no real interest in what the site's goals were.
He considered it nice that people used the 'Helping Hands' section to ask for assistance and offer it but thought all the commotion and praise for it was really overblown. The visitor counter showed over five million hits since he'd put it online four years earlier and he felt a sense of accomplishment that so many people liked what he'd created, but to him it was just a hobby.

After logging in his password, Jake began working on his newest blog on his injury and expressed his thanks to all those who sent messages of concern and support. He didn't describe the attack or give Orlando's name but felt tempted to.
Entering the 'zombie zone' of writing as his dad called it, Jake became engrossed in his writing and quickly spilled his opinions on everything from the hospital's lack of fine dining to their mostly courteous nurses. He finished his blog by uploading a photo of himself taken with his laptop camera, and one of his dog who had performed like 'a truly heroic Hobbit in the face of a mad man who had nearly killed them both.'
He checked Frodo's guest book web page and was a little jealous that the fur ball had nearly exceeded the number of guests who'd signed his own. “Guess it's his animal magnetism,” he whispered, while saving his updated website and uploading it.

“Got a minute for your doctor?” Holly Irvins asked, walking in and looking disapprovingly at the ketchup stained sheets and a few stray French fries scattered on the bed.
Jake smiled as he closed his laptop and set it on the nightstand. “Sure thing. I was just catching up on my email.”
“How are you feeling this morning?”
“Sick of being cooped up in here, but otherwise I feel great now that my dad brought me some real food,” he said, wiping his hands over the sheets to knock off the remaining bits of French fries and other crumbs.
“No headaches or stomach pains?”
Jake burped loudly and blushed. “Sorry. No ma'am, like I said, I'm fine.”
She looked at a chart and then back at him. “Lift up your gown for me, please. I want to check your stitches.”
Jake grinned and hummed some jazzy stripper music as he slowly lifted up his gown.
She rolled her eyes and moved over closer to examine where he'd been stabbed. The stitches were still in place, but something looked odd as she leaned closer and pulled out her mini flash light to see better. She saw the pink area where the knife had gone in, but where the skin joined together there was just a hint of a three or four week old scar.
Not believing her eyes, she gently prodded the scar with her fingertips. It's not possible for anyone to heal like that, at least not in less than a day, she thought, as Jake giggled and begged her to stop tickling him.
She withdrew her fingers and looked at the boy thoughtfully. “Have you had your appendix removed or any other operations in the past?”
“No ma'am. Why?”
She shook her head and smiled. “No reason.”
“So, when do I get to go home?” Jake asked, fearing she'd say a month but unable to resist asking.
She said, “Tilt your head back and follow the light with your eyes. No, don't move your head, just follow with your eyes.”
His reactions were all textbook normal and she pulled back again with a thoughtful expression on her face.
Jake thought she might not have heard him the first time and asked again, “When do you think I can go home, doctor?”
“Have you checked your blood sugar today?” She asked, looking at the chart again.
“My dad forgot to bring my kit, but I feel fine. I'm not kidding.”
“I'm ordering another round of blood tests and I'll be back in about an hour.”
“I really hate needles, doc,” Jake said, rubbing his arm not connected to the intravenous tubes.
“Me too. That's why I became a doctor. So I could be the sticker not the stickee,” she said smiling. “As to when you get to go home, maybe sooner than you think.”
Jake grinned and flipped his laptop back open and started typing, as she turned and left the room.

*****

Georgetown is a quiet and much sought after suburb near Washington DC. It's well known for its beautiful townhouses, homes and numerous quaint parks. While crime is not unknown it was rare enough for Sarah and her husband to feel safe, under normal circumstances.
But standing in the foyer holding her husband's shotgun in her trembling hands, Sarah began to realize today was anything but normal.
She glanced at the brass umbrella stand by the front door, where she'd hidden her dad's notebook, and tried to remain calm. Hyperventilating was always a problem for her whenever she was scared, and today she was terrified; and not just for herself but for her father as well.
Fighting the temptation to peek through the curtains at the street and sidewalk, she prayed silently for her dad. In her mind, she saw flashes of him throughout the years.

He was dressed up in his best dress uniform receiving the medal of valor at a ceremony when she'd been a snotty teenager sitting in the first row and bored out her mind. His hair was still dark brown then not flaked with an increasing accumulation of gray as it had gradually become.
They had rarely seen eye to eye on anything while growing up, but she knew he was always doing his best to take care of her. He always called me his sweetie bear or his little soldier and now here I am actually playing the part, she thought, holding the shotgun she'd begged her husband not to buy several years earlier.
A small yelp exploded out of her when the doorbell rang.
She was tempted to shout go away, but instead managed to say in a fairly steady voice, “Who's out there?”
“Federal Agents Abe Carter and Courtney Simmons. Armstrong called us to come help with your father,” a man's voice through the door.
Sarah peeked through the security peep hole and saw a man and woman holding up their identification that confirmed what he'd said. She quickly unlocked the door and showed Courtney and a woman carrying a large black bag upstairs as Abe stayed by the door keeping watch.

“This is a nurse we have on call for emergencies,” Agent Courtney Simmons said, gesturing to the other woman who was already busily checking Rockford's pulse and placing a digital thermometer in his mouth. “Has he said anything else or have you remembered anything since you spoke with Amalia?”
“He's just been sleeping. Is he going to die?” Sarah asked, while still holding the shotgun loosely in her trembling hands.
“Hand me that thing before someone gets hurt,” the agent said soothingly.
“Oh, here take it,” Sarah said letting the agent set it aside in the corner of the room.
After checking him for less than a minute, the nurse turned and said, “His temperature is almost 103 degrees and his blood pressure is dangerously low. If we don't get him to a hospital, and soon, he's going to die.”
“Good thing we brought the van then,” Agent Simmons said and pulled out her phone and pressed a button. “Bring up the stretcher and fast.”
“But he said hospitals were dangerous. Can't you do something for him here?” Sarah asked.
“Relax he's going to be well cared-” Simmons was saying as gunshots were fired downstairs. She ran to a window and looked through the gauzy curtains to the street below.
The stretcher was gaining speed as it rolled down the hill by itself.
A man in a dark gray, almost black overcoat and hat stood on the sidewalk beside two piles of ashes and some scattered smoldering clothing. He pointed a glass rod of pulsing red and blue light at something and they all heard the front door slam shut, a moment before Abe pounded up the staircase.

“We gotta move, and I mean, right now!” He shouted, lifting Rockford off the bed and throwing the unconscious man (dressed only in his underwear) over his shoulder and running back out of the room.
“Wait, Follow me! Sarah shouted, scooping up the shotgun in hands that no longer trembled.  She ran down the hall and into a back room that was in the process of being remodeled. Abe came next carrying Rockford then the nurse.
A loud crash came from below that sounded like the front door being knocked down.
Agent Simmons fired from the second floor as the others followed Sarah across the room. A second later she followed them in and locked the door behind her.

Sarah stood in front of the wall pointing the shotgun where a black hole about the size of a fist stood out against the old plaster boards around it. She fired once, then lowered the gun slightly and fired again.
Smoke and plaster dust filled the air, but not so much that they couldn't see into her neighbor's exercise room beyond the large holes she'd blasted into an impromptu emergency exit.

Sarah's husband had been promising to finish the renovations on the back room for nearly a year. Part of the delay was the discovery of termites in some of the walls including the one she just blasted. The fist sized hole was made when he'd last attempted to do some work and accidentally busted a hole through the wall and straight through into their neighbor's townhouse next door.
Luckily, they had been fairly understanding and patient while the insurance company was consulted and a pest control expert treated the damaged areas. Unfortunately, they probably would be less than understanding when they got home later that day and found the two giant ragged holes blasted into the wall of their exercise room. Sarah thought as she led the others down her neighbor's staircase.

Agent Carter handed the snoring man to Simmons, before running ahead and opening the front door and looking for any sign of the man who'd apparently disintegrated the two ambulance attendants as he watched. He saw his car and several neighbors standing outside looking confused by the sounds of gunfire on their usually sleepy street.
There was a sound of breaking boards and stomping feet overhead and Carter hoped whoever the stranger was, he was alone. He hurried the others out and they piled into the SUV; all except Sarah who said, “I left my dad's notebook inside, in the umbrella stand. Go on and get out of here I'll-”
“Get yourself killed!” Agent Simmons shouted and yanked Sarah inside, as Abe stomped on the gas and peeled out.

Neighbors watched the car speed up the block and make a squealing turn at the corner. A few saw a stranger run outside. Later, when describing him to the police, they all gave the same general description. He was a medium to short man wearing a dark gray overcoat and hat. A few also mentioned he was carrying a glass-like stick.
One neighbor added something to her description that no one else had been close enough to hear. “He was grunting and snorting like he had a cold before running off in the direction the car went.”

*****

Trevor had never been tempted to shoot a little girl before in his entire life. But while listening to the horrible things Betty White had been saying he was tempted several times to give it a try. He was nearly certain she wasn't what she looked like yet found it hard to believe she was actually some sort of alien robotic monster, being operated by a thing that appeared to be a combination of a feather and some fluffy stuff that looked like belly button lint.
She spoke of slaughtering most of humanity in a tone of voice as if she were talking about going to the mall. The way she looked and the mismatched way she spoke was only part of the reason he restrained himself from opening fire with his machine gun.
The other reason was a growing part of him believed shooting her would probably serve no purpose, except perhaps to expedite the aliens plans to release the virus. If they even have one, he thought.
“Excuse me, I have a serious question,” Trevor said, surprising himself by suddenly speaking.
Betty looked at him and nodded.
“With apologies, Alice, I didn't mean to interrupt the story of how they chose the name Betty White for this little girl robot. I'll grant you it is sort of interesting, but hardly important.”

When Alice asked that question a few minutes earlier, Betty had explained that while in transit to Earth they received and recorded nearly every television broadcast ever made.
The design and engineering teams had a special affinity for the actress named Betty White and named the rover in her honor. From there the conversation took, in Trevor's opinion, a decidedly frivolous almost silly turn into what television shows they most liked.
Overwhelmingly, they preferred more soft edged peaceful shows like Little House on the Prairie, The Walton's, Mary Tyler Moore, The Wonder Years, among many others. The only one Betty mentioned that got even a slight smile from Professor Anniston was the original Star Trek series.
“Never thought of following the show's Prime Directive of not interfering with other species, did you?” The old man asked bitterly.
“It was an intriguing idea. But if we followed the directive, eventually our new home would either be destroyed in some war or by the idiocy of humanity,” Betty had responded.
Another interesting fact they learned was that they had labeled the other alien race that resembled pigs after Arnold Ziffel. A character from the television show Green Acres that was played by a very intelligent pig.
Also, nearly all of them had adopted Earth names; mostly from old television shows. When asked, Betty explained her name was identical to the one given the rover. So, in essence the Betty White rover was being operated by Betty White.

Betty nodded slightly after Trevor interrupted and he took that as an invitation to ask his question. “How do we know this virus thing you spoke of even exists? Perhaps you're just saying that to try and get us to help you.”
Everyone turned to look as Betty walked back to the TV and slid her hand behind it again. “It exists. We have tested it on a large variety of subjects to refine it and insure its lethality.”
On the TV screen a man who looked Chinese, missing an eye and a leg, dressed in dirty ragged clothes was lying in an alley near some trashcans. A flashing red neon sign was at the end of the alley with a Chinese symbol Anniston and Mendez both recognized as meaning Lucky Tavern.
It was night time and the man would have been almost impossible to see if not for lights shining from the eyes of several small insects that surrounded him. A glimmer of soft blue light formed around the man who then woke up and spoke in a slurred tone of voice.
“The light was generated by the testers when they activated a force field which would prevent escape of the virus once it was introduced,” Betty explained.
Alice looked away as the man on the screen began to punch and kick at the blue light surrounding him. His remaining eye rolled around frantically as he shouted.
“Turn it off, please,” Alice begged as the sound of his shouts filled the small RV.
“No. I think we all need to see just what your people are capable of,” Anniston said, staring at the struggling man.
As the volume was turned down, a small common house fly flew by the man's nose.
“The virus was just released,” Betty said, watching the others as the video continued.
Trevor almost joined Alice in looking away, but couldn't as the man ceased shouting and struggling.
His eye was leaking bloody tears and his body began convulsing. In less than a minute he was dead.
“The virus was engineered to replicate and spread at an advanced rate once introduced. Some test subjects took as long as five minutes to die, but the average time is less than ninety seconds,” Betty said, as the blue light enclosing the dead man glowed brighter.
A flash of yellow orange light filled the screen for a moment and then a few tiny piles of dust is all that remained where the body once was.
“We've performed hundreds of similar tests in every part of the world to assure effectiveness. It would take a little over four hours to show them all. Perhaps, you have a particular racial or ethnic type you would like to see next?” Betty said.
Trevor set the machine gun down next to the gas and brake pedals and shook his head slowly, saying, “No. I've seen enough.”
Shannon and Professor Anniston stared at the TV as the insects scurried and flew away from the alley before the screen went dark.
Wiping her tears with a paper towel, Alice asked, “How did you choose your victims?”
“They were people that no one would miss. Derelicts, drug addicts, bums; in short, those who were wasting their lives.”
Agent Mendez swallowed with difficulty before asking, “Are you done testing the virus?”
“Yes. It is completely effective and ready for dispersal.”
“Would Allison Taylor have qualified as one of your test subjects?” Mendez asked, even though she was already sure of the answer.
“Yes,” Betty said and waited a few seconds before continuing. “We understand that it may be difficult for you to understand the necessity of such testing, but part of the reason was to insure that there would be no prolonged suffering.”
“Oh well, in that case I'll be sure to write a letter to the Nobel Peace Prize Committee on your behalf,” Professor Anniston said sourly.
“Sarcasm again?” Betty asked, looking at Mendez.
“Yes, I believe that would be safe to say.”

*****

Amalia escorted Colonel Wilcox through security in the lobby of the Birmingham FBI complex and together they went not to the field directors office but down to subbasement level five.
Technicians and other employees gave the unlikely pair furtive glances as they walked quickly toward the department that was officially called Theoretical and Unconventional Research Development Sciences, which many simply called TURDS for short.
“Just keep quiet and let me do the talking. The guys who work in here are kind of skittish around strangers,” Amalia said, leaning down and rapidly entered her security code in the keypad and placing her middle finger on the biometric print analyzer.
The door lock clicked and they went inside. The outer office held numerous workstations where a group of young men and women were seemingly doing nothing more than surfing the internet.
Wilcox glanced at some of the websites on the screens and held back comment only with the greatest of difficulty.
One screen showed a badly manipulated image of a lunar moon base complete with laser turrets and a spaceship that looked similar to a Viper from the TV show Battle Star Galactica, except for the red and yellow flames that had been painted on its wings. The words on the screens flashed by too fast for him to read as they moved on.
While Amalia checked her inbox for memos, Wilcox saw a young man looking at a screen filled with crop circles with the words 'Reaping the bitter harvest' imposed over it. Nerds. Wasting taxpayer money on goofy shit, Wilcox thought, as he looked at the young people surfing the web and making notations in some sort of word processing program.

Clearing her throat, Amalia addressed the people. “Hold up a minute, folks. I need your attention for a second.” When they all faced her, she continued. “I need all the theories you've found on the Hadron Super Collider, no matter how stupid or goofy they may seem.
Additionally, pull together anything about aliens that look like pigs. Compile it and get me both a print version and another on a memory card. And, this is a priority request so no farting around. Now, get to it.”
All but one of the people turned back to their computer screens. The remaining man stood up and followed Amalia as she led Wilcox into the next room. One half was lined with metal lockers while the other side had a small kitchen with tables and chairs.
Amalia crossed over to one of the lockers and slipped off the hospital gown she'd been wearing all morning and tossed it in the trash.
Wilcox saw the bandage covering the wound where he'd shot her yesterday and looked away.
The young man who had followed them inside was wearing a T shirt with a red and white umbrella logo on it. He looked at Wilcox as if he were deciding something.
Wilcox saw him looking at his arm in the blue metallic looking containment cast and turned to the coffee maker as Amalia changed into a different shirt.

A few seconds later she came over saying, “Marcus, this is Colonel Brad Wilcox of the U.S. Army and even though he shot me yesterday and is more than a bit of an asshole, he's trustworthy.
Brad this is my best analyst and even though he's never shot me, he is also trustworthy. So quit giving each other the stinky eyeball routine and shake hands. I don't think we have time for a testosterone competition just now.”
They shook hands as Amalia poured some coffee and took a pain pill for her throbbing shoulder. She led them into her small office, which was a remodeled janitor's store room as evidenced by the utility sink attached to one of the concrete walls.
“Brad, be a peach and fill Marcus in on what's happening while I check my voice mails,” she said, before picking up her desk phone.

Halfway through Brad's tale, Amalia swore softly and hung up the phone. She tapped a notepad in front of her and looked upset but didn't interrupt as Wilcox continued talking and Marcus listened attentively.
A few minutes later he mentioned the call she'd received from Rockford's daughter and looked at Amalia to see if she was listening. She nodded and rolled her hand in a keep going gesture. He wrapped up his story and finished off the last of his now cold cup of coffee.
Marcus nodded slowly as Amalia looked at her phone suspiciously. “Yes, it does seem to be a nasty situation. Have you gone upstairs with it yet?”
Amalia shook her head and said, “I can't go marching up there with something as flimsy as this appears to be.” She held up her notepad so they could both see the big words she'd written on it; 'Phones are probably bugged, maybe the room too.'
The two men looked uneasy as Amalia continued. “Honestly, what have we got anyway? A guy who might have been an alien, but we have no solid proof. They'd probably say the thing with your arm could have been an accident. Chemical or acid burns could have made you hallucinate. And the trailer explosion destroyed any evidence there might have been.
And without proof, Rockford's story doesn't mean much either.” She sighed loudly while shaking her head. “Nope, I just don't think it's worth pursuing. Oh sure, keep your eyes and ears open, but for now I think we'll just let sleeping dogs lie.”
“You look tired, how's the shoulder?” Marcus asked.
“Hurts like a mother, but the medicine is kicking in. I'd go home but it's best not to drive right now and Brad only has one arm so I don't want him driving me anywhere.”
“I came in at midnight, so I can take you home,” Marcus said.
“You're a sweetie, Marcus. I'd appreciate it if you wouldn't mind,” Amalia said, standing up and walking out of the office.

*****

Dressed in his civilian clothes, Colonel Abrahms had just finished dropping off a check to the owner of the Pig's Pride supermarket in Pinson. It had been a big check.
No one had thought about spoiled meat in the butcher department while the quarantine had been effect. When the manager unlocked the store the reek of spoiled meat poured out through the doors like an invisible tidal wave.
If the check had just been an amount to cover the ruined meat and milk products it would have been much smaller, but every item in the store stank so badly Abrahms had been told by his superiors not to dicker around and just cut the check for everything. The owner had even managed to budget in the cost of repainting the whole building since the stench could linger on the ceiling and walls.
Abrahms smiled as he walked to the plain white ford pickup truck and saw civilians filling the parking lot slowly getting back to their normal lives. He glanced over by the drug store where the research trailer had imploded and saw a group of children climbing out of a minivan nearby.
They were laughing and having fun.
He shuddered and held his breath, watching as they crossed the point where an apparent black hole had been about eight hours earlier. He finally exhaled when they went into the store followed by their tired looking mother.


Things looked unusual to him as he drove down the highway. He'd become so accustomed to seeing troops and researchers going about their duties that the sight of kids at the football field seemed oddly out of place.
An army Hummer was passing by him and he noted the glares of residents as they watched it go. Again, he was glad someone suggested he use an unmarked vehicle while he went about his assignments.

The quarantine zone wasn't gone. It had only been drastically reduced in size.
There was a line of cars trying unsuccessfully to get past a newly established checkpoint and he wondered if things would ever be really normal here again.
He saw his military police units waving the cars away from the only road that lead to the blast zone and mentally noted there were about twenty homes that were still officially off limits. Parking by one of the Hummers, he could hear the residents yelling and wanted desperately to avoid more trouble if at all possible.
After quickly talking to one his captains it was decided if they had proper identification proving they lived inside the blast zone, one person could go in escorted by two soldiers to remove any personal items they needed to get out. It would take a while but should keep things from boiling over, Abrahms hoped.

*****

“If he's well, why can't I take him home?” Jim Carver asked in frustration, looking down at the petite Dr. Irvins sitting behind her office desk.
“You don't understand, Mr. Carver. With the injuries he suffered there's absolutely no way he should be completely healed that soon. It's unheard of except for a few cases where claims of religious miracles were involved. And if you look here at the pictures made yesterday,” she said, pointing to an x-ray of his son's skull, “you can clearly see the crack where he hit his head.
Yet the MRI tests from this morning shows nothing amiss. We even redid the x-rays, just as they were done yesterday, and again there's no sign of injury. There is something weird going on and I want to know what it is.”
“Maybe yesterday's x-rays were messed up,” he suggested. “Maybe they were done wrong or got mixed up with someone else? I don't know and frankly I don't really care.
My son's healthy and I want to take him home. He's been through enough.”
She looked at the exhausted man with his tired eyes and tapped the blood work tests on her desk in front of her. “May I call you, Jim?”
“Okay by me.”
“Jim, your son's been diagnosed as diabetic since he was four years old, right?”
He nodded.
“According to this morning's blood work his insulin levels are normal and that's without him taking any of his medication since early yesterday morning. His blood sugar is normal too, even after eating those cheeseburgers and fries you brought in. They were slightly elevated but still well within acceptable levels.”
He looked confused and asked, “So?”
“I'm not sure what happened to your son, Jim. It looks as if somehow he's been completely healed not just of his injuries, but I suspect his diabetes is gone too. If we could have just one more day to check him over maybe we can find out why.”
“Doctor, I appreciate everything you and the hospital have done for my boy, but all your tests will do is keep him imprisoned here longer than necessary.
I haven't always been a good Christian. Hell, I've broken several of the commandments through the years, but I've always believed in God. Last night I prayed harder than any time in my whole life for my son to be healed.
I believe if what you're saying is true all the tests in the world wouldn't show a thing. God healed my son, Dr. Irvins, and I'm taking him home, today.”
Playing absently with her long ponytail, she stared at him for several seconds. “I'll sign the release papers for this afternoon if, and only if you promise to let me know if anything changes about his condition. I'll also want to have him come back in a week for a follow up. Agreed?”
“Yes ma'am,” he said smiling broadly. “Just between us, doctor, do you think it was a miracle?”
She released her ponytail and leaned forward. “I've never seen anything like it before. And if miraculous isn't the word for it I have no idea what to call it.”

*****

Flipping channels, Jake yawned and wondered why he bothered to look.
Television was dumb. All it offered were shows about auctions, pawn shops, shopping channels, news to snooze to, weather, and dozens more equally boring or stupid shows.
He found a football game and watched even though it was almost over.
Unfortunately, it was a couple of teams he didn't care about and quickly grew bored. He flipped over to a local station and saw a funeral in progress.
On the television, a line of cars were pulling into a cemetery as the announcer said in a whispered somber tone. “You're watching live coverage of the funeral of Candace Rogers. Police investigators speaking on the condition of anonymity say a freak form of ball lightning was responsible for her and two other deaths at the scene of last night's horrible accident in Ragland.
As you can see hundreds, perhaps thousands, of mourners have come out today to send her off.
Candace joined WBIR television in the spring of 1999 and station management has established a memorial fund for her family as well as her crew who also died while providing Birmingham viewers the best news coverage in town. If you care to donate please send a check to the address on the screen or call the station tomorrow during regular business hours for details.”
Jake wondered if someone had uploaded the video of the ball lightning to the internet and muted the TV as he reached for his laptop.

*****

Agent Shannon Mendez leaned against the wooden partition that ran alongside the steps to the RV's side door. She'd been thinking hard about what her next move should be.
Going the official route and reporting everything she knew to her superiors and letting them deal with it was risky. If they reacted stupidly the machine that looked like a little girl might decide to release the proven lethal virus. The only other option was to play it by ear and see how things went. Thus far she'd chosen the latter, wait and see approach, but felt a growing uneasiness.
Betty was explaining to the others that over twelve thousand colonies had already been established throughout the planet.
There was a general muttering of disbelief from the professor and Alice. When they asked where they were located Betty chose not to say. Instead, she told them the colonists were very pleased thus far with their new home.
Mendez tried to recall what Betty had said in the car on the way into town. Did she say there were seven hundred billion or million of them? Either way it's certainly a considerable number even if they are tiny.
She shook her head and looked out the door's window at the police car that had been parked at the corner half a block away for the last thirty minutes. It was hard to tell with the sun's glare on the windshield, but she thought the driver had been looking at the RV most of that time.
As she watched, a black sedan pulled up behind the police car and a man of average size wearing a dark overcoat and hat got out. A little alarm in the back of her head began to ring while the tiny hairs on the back of neck rose up when he walked over to the police car and started talking to the cop.
It's nothing. I'm just getting paranoid. He's probably just lost and asking for directions or something, she hoped.

A knock on the RV door, right next to her, made her gasp and jerk back in surprise. She looked out as the others fell silent and saw her partner Agent Simon Hicks staring back at her wearing a jogging suit with a jacket that had a dragon logo on the front.
Opening the door, she smiled down and said, “Hi Simon. What's up?”
“What’s up?” He repeated in disbelief. “What are you doing? I had to track you down by your cell phone signal. Why don't you try answering it when someone calls? Amalia was royally pissed at you last time I saw her.”
Blocking the narrow staircase so he couldn't see inside, she said, “I'm fine. I was just following up on that little girl from yesterday. She's quite a girl. Um, I'll be wrapping things up here soon. So you can go tell Amalia I'll be calling her shortly. Okay?”
Looking past Hicks, she saw the man hand the driver of the police car something and a second later it drove off. The man was staring at the RV and, though not certain, she suspected he was smiling at her.

Hicks had been saying something about proper procedure when his new phone began to ring. He'd had some difficulty with a clerk in the communications division when he went by headquarters to requisition it.
The lady wanted a police report on his stolen phone from the Orlando affair, before issuing another one. He'd have been there an hour earlier if he hadn't been waiting on the fax from the Ragland police department to confirm his story. But eventually she issued him a new one and warned him not to be so careless with taxpayers money in the future.
He answered his new phone while Shannon tried to remember if she reloaded her gun from the night before.
The man in the coat and hat began walking toward the corner and still seemed to be smiling at her as he did so.

“She's fine Amalia. Okay, we'll be up there in thirty minutes. Why the code words though, think we've got an earache?” He asked, using the predetermined code word they'd agreed on for possible eavesdropping or bugs.
“Alright, we'll see you there,” Simon said, finishing his brief call. He turned back to Shannon, but she was speaking rapidly to someone inside he couldn't see.
“Betty, take a look at the guy in the coat and hat coming down the sidewalk. I've got a very bad feeling about him. Could he be one of those Ziffel pig guys?”
The little girl walked quickly to the steps and looked down the sidewalk. “I do not know, but I am going to find out,” she said, squeezing between the two federal agents and quickly walking down the sidewalk.

“What the heck is-” Hicks started to say as Shannon grabbed him and yanked him inside the RV. “What the hell is going on?” He asked staring at the two old men and the woman who looked like she'd been crying.
Ignoring her partner, Shannon turned to Trevor. “If my partner found me those pig things might have too.”
Trevor nodded and turned back to the front and buckled his seat belt.
Hicks saw him pull a machine gun out from between his legs and set it on the console between the two front seats. “Shannon, I'm starting to think you fibbed a minute ago when you said everything was fine,” Hicks said, watching as the driver started the RV's engine while staring at the little girl walking down the sidewalk.
Mendez pulled out her pistol and loaded a new clip.

Outside, Betty moved quickly around an old man puttering along on a battery operated scooter. A second later she dodged around a little girl about six years old and her mother who were tossing popcorn to a small congregation of pigeons in the garden that ran alongside the road.
The man in the overcoat was staring intently at the RV and walked faster when the engine started. He pushed past an athletic looking young man with short blond hair, knocking his Auburn University hat to the ground in the process.
The Auburn fan grabbed the man by the shoulder and shouted, “Hey asshole, what’s your problem?”
Without slowing, he reached back and grabbed the young man's hand. A sound of breaking sticks was followed immediately by a loud scream of pain as the athletic man fell to his knees cradling the bloody remains of his ruined hand.
It happened so quickly, the other pedestrians couldn't understand what had happened. But, not wanting to stick around and discover what was going on, the mother picked up her little girl and carried her quickly across the street.
The girl was yelling that she'd dropped her bag of popcorn, but her mother was not inclined to stop and retrieve it as the man in the coat and hat was walking much faster in their direction.

A young teenage girl stood in the strange man's way and smiled up at him. “Hello, my name is Betty White. What is your name?”
He raised his hand and swung back to slap her out of the way. On his down stroke she reached up and deftly grabbed his fist and squeezed.
People for three blocks around heard his screams as his fist became a gob of unrecognizable bloody goo and bones clasped in her small hand. Several people later described the sound of his screams as an eerie combination of squeals and grunts.

Inside the RV, everyone watched in silence except for Hicks who swore softly and turned back to the door intending to go help the girl that appeared to be in some kind of fight with the strange man.
Shannon reached up and blocked him from leaving, holding her hand on his chest. “Trust me, you don't want to go out there.”
“That guy looks like he could rip her to little pieces.”
“That is something I would sincerely love to see,” Professor Anniston said and laughed.
“You're sick. All of you are just sick,” Hicks said, trying to push past Shannon again.
Trevor put the RV in reverse and tried to maneuver out of the parking space. Shannon's car was behind them and someone else had parked too close in front effectively trapping them.
“Hang on, let's see how it plays out. But if it goes bad just floor it and ram your way out,” Shannon called out to Trevor as she pushed Hicks away from the door again.

The sidewalk was quickly nearly deserted. The only ones still there were Betty, the stranger, and the old man that had turned his scooter around and began to roll slowly back the way he'd come from.
Still squeezing the bloody remains of the man's hand, Betty leaned forward and flipped his fedora hat to the ground. The olive colored skin of his face, his short curly black hair and frightened eyes were lit up by a beam of bright orange light that was coming out of the little girl's eyes.
The man half grunted, half squealed through his clenched teeth, “What are you?”
“I told you, my name is Betty White. Now you tell me who and what are you?”
Instead of answering, he swung his free arm and punched her in the stomach while at the same time kicking her in the knee.
She stumbled back a few steps and started forward again as the man yanked a glass rod out of his coat pocket and pointed it at her. It flashed a bright blue color and Betty staggered forward in a jerking spasmodic way. Several yards behind her, the old man in the scooter disappeared in a brief flash of flame and smoke as his empty scooter continued to leisurely roll down the sidewalk.

From inside the RV, almost all of them thought it looked like Betty was drunk.
The strange man seemed genuinely shocked that she hadn't collapsed into a pile of dust and didn't wait to see what would happen next. He grabbed her arm and slung her around until slamming her into a steel light pole.
She fell on the sidewalk with her head cocked sharply to the right and twisted nearly halfway around.
Trevor had seen enough. Stomping on the gas pedal caused the RV to ram the Volvo parked in front of it.
Hicks was shouting not to hit his car, but the sound of crunching metal combined with the car's blaring anti theft alarm and the RV's engine effectively drowned him out.
The man was bending over looking at the girl when the commotion got his attention. He started to stand, pointing the glass rod at the front of the RV, when his eyes blinked twice before rolling up in his head.
Standing directly behind him, still holding the three foot long tree branch tightly in both hands, Allison yelled down at the man on the ground she'd just hit in the head.
The strange man was laying motionless covering Betty from the waist down.
“That's what ya get for going around actin da fool! Ain't no reason to go round hurting little girls you, nasty, mother fucking, son of a bitch!” With every other word, she kicked him in the butt. Each kick seemed to build in strength as she yelled until Shannon pulled her away.
Shannon tossed her set of handcuffs to Hicks and told him to lock up the man and drag him to the RV.
Bewildered by the last few minutes events, he couldn't think of anything better to do and quickly did as she said.
Allison bent down and moved the long blonde hair out of the girl's face. “She ain't breathing.  And look at her neck, for mercy sake. I think she's dead. Poor sweet child.”
“She may be broken but probably not dead,” Shannon said, trying to lift her.
The little girl was immensely heavy and Allison tried to help lift her, but after a few seconds of straining they realized they couldn't move her.
Trevor honked the horn and gestured at his wristwatch as the sound of approaching sirens could be heard in the distance.
“This girl needs to go on a diet, if she lives,” Allison said.
Shannon laughed and waved Hicks over to help her move the girl.
Together they dragged her toward the RV's open door and Shannon called out, “Allison, grab that hat on the ground over there and use it to pick up the glass thing on the sidewalk but don't touch it with your hand.”
“Why? It got poison on it?” She asked, while picking up the hat and watching Shannon and the big man struggle to drag the girl toward the RV.
Allison yelled, as she reached down, “I said, do it got poison or something on it!?”
They went up the steps into the RV and she muttered to herself, “Fine, let me just scoop up this nasty old thing. Don't you worry about me, I'll be fine.”
The glass rod was very light and vibrated in her hand through the hat. She felt tempted to toss it in the nearby trashcan before Shannon stuck her head out through the open doorway and begged her to hurry up and bring it inside.

The RV was several blocks away heading east when a police car cruised by the area where a disturbance had been reported. A Volvo with a badly bashed in left rear side, blaring its alarm with the headlights flashing off and on, was the only thing that looked out of place.
An officer climbed out and began writing the license plate number down when a block away there came the sounds of squealing tires and crunching of metal.

Upon investigation, it was determined that a runaway scooter had rolled into the intersection causing the first driver to slam on his brakes. The cars behind him daisy chain smashed into each other. A few minutes later a fire truck and paramedics had arrived and traffic slowed to a crawl.
Inching along inside his dad's truck, Jake looked out the window at the scene. He said something his dad couldn't understand over the sound of a car alarm screaming nearby.
“Say again?”
“I said, it'll be nice to get home to some peace and quiet!” Jake yelled, as they crossed the intersection and headed toward home.

*****

“He should be in a regular hospital,” the veterinarian said, as she checked the IV drip she'd placed in Jim Rockford's arm a few minutes earlier.
“Yes, you're right, but you're as good as it gets at least for now. Any idea what's wrong with him?” Agent Courtney Simmons asked.
“He's badly dehydrated. Last time I saw anything like this it was a poodle that belonged to an old woman who died in her sleep. No one noticed her death for a week. The poor dog was barely alive in the back yard by the time someone finally did discover the woman's corpse.”

Sarah was sitting in a wooden chair in the corner. Her eyes were dazed as she continued to tremble and mutter softly to herself. She'd been like that ever since they left her house and Courtney thought she might be in a state of shock. Of course, she didn't feel too far from the same thing and was worried about her partner.
Abe had gone back to the townhouse to try and recover the notebook. It seemed like a big risk to Courtney, but surely whoever of whatever it was that had come after them was gone by now, she hoped. Looking at her watch, she saw he'd only been gone twenty minutes.
The townhouse was about fifteen minutes away so at best he couldn't be expected back for another ten or thereabouts. Abe told her if he wasn't back in forty-five minutes that they should move to a new location and she'd reluctantly agreed.
Damn you, Amalia, what have you roped us into? Courtney wondered, as she watched the parking lot through the treatment room's window.

The first thing Captain Rockford saw, when he awoke, was a large mural of a cartoon puppy someone had painted on the wall. There was a bandage on its upheld paw and a silly grin on its face. “Smells like a kennel in here,” he said in a tired voice.
“Daddy? Daddy, are you okay?” Sarah asked, as her eyes cleared and she rushed to her father's side.
“We're not at your house anymore, are we?”
“Captain Rockford, I'm Federal Agent Courtney Simmons. My partner and I had to get you out of there. How are you feeling? We may have to leave in a few minutes.”
“Where are my clothes?” He asked, sitting up slowly.
“Lay back down. We've still got some time. Doctor, do you have any scrubs he could borrow?” Courtney asked.
“I think we have some his size. I'll be right back,” she said, leaving the room.

“Did the bad guys find me at your house baby?” Rockford asked his daughter.
“Yes, but we got away. I'm sure our homeowners insurance will cover the damage,” Sarah said, softly patting his hand.
“I'm sorry I got you involved, baby. I never should have bothered you. My head was rattled. I wasn't thinking straight.”
“Daddy, I don't care about the house. Things can be replaced but you can't,” Sarah said hugging him.

A few minutes later a set of scrubs were brought in by the vet. She checked his pulse and temperature as Courtney saw Abe drive into the parking lot in a different car than he left in. He got out of an old station wagon and looked around before hurrying inside.
“He's not well but much better than when you brought him in,” the vet said, as Rockford looked at the large white shirt decorated with drawings of kittens, birds, and more puppies she handed him.
He shook his head and began struggling into the faded green pants, grateful they had no animal illustrations on them.
Agent Carter came in and looked nervous but happy. “Is this yours?” He asked, holding out Rockford's notebook.
“Yes sir.”
“What do we do now, daddy?”
“You go somewhere safe. A friends house or something. Don't you dare go home until I tell you it's safe. Okay, sweetie bear?”
“Daddy, I can't leave you while you're in trouble.”
“Baby, if anything happens to you it will be my fault. If I can, I'll call you as soon as it's safe to go home but for now hanging around with your old man's too dangerous.”
“He's right, ma'am,” Abe said, softly.
“Okay daddy but you better take better care of yourself. I love you,” she said and hugged him again.
“I love you too puddin head but remember your dad's pretty tough, so don't worry. Just don't go home until I call and tell you it's safe.”
She nodded and opened the door then stopped and looked at the two agents. “You guys better not let anything else happen to him, or else.”
A nurse came in as Sarah left the room. “Mrs. Simmons? There's a call for you on line three.”
Abe gave her a pissed off look as she shrugged and picked up the phone.

*****

“No, hang a right and keep going until we start going down the other side of the mountain,” Agent Hicks told Trevor as he sat in the passenger seat and examined the old man's machine gun.  “You got a license for this thing?”
“Um, well sir, it's basically just for home defense,” Trevor said, licking his lips as the RV began to creak and slow down while heading up the steep road toward the summit of Red Mountain.
“Uh huh. Well, for the time being I'm not that worried about it. Frankly, actually I'm more than a bit confused. Have you ever had a weird day that stretched into the next one with no sign of an end?”
“Yes, I'm afraid so.”

“Well, ain't that a sight? I declare if that man ain't a pig then I am,” Allison said, looking at the still unconscious man lying on the floor of the RV. “What are you looking for?”
Agent Mendez had checked all of the man's pockets and unzipped his pants as Allison and Alice watched. Of course, he could have some kind of tracking technology implanted inside his body and finding that would be problematic, Mendez realized, frisking her hands quickly around his body.
“Is that a Ziffel?” Alice asked, blushing while she watched Mendez search him.
“I'd say that was a pretty good bet,” Professor Anniston said, holding tightly to the arms of his chair as the RV tilted further, while moving steadily up the mountainside.
“What about them?” Alice asked, pointing at the two roaches resting on the little girl's forehead.
“Must be some fine feathered friends of the robot monster, I'd imagine,” Anniston said, unable to keep from smiling as he looked at the twitching girl on the floor.
“Professor, I don't like the situation either. In fact, I think it stinks but Betty may be dead. And if she hadn't stopped that man, um Ziffel, who knows what he may have done to us?” Alice said.
“Alice, she is not a little girl. You need to get that through your sweet head. She's a machine operated by aliens who see no moral issue over exterminating the human race.”
“I know that. But she agreed to not do anything unless we're on the brink of world war. Considering she didn't have to do that, and she saved us from that disgusting looking pig thing, I'd say she deserves at least some degree of pity.”
“Appearances are not always what they seem. I'll grant you that the Ziffel lying on the floor is a wholly nauseating looking creature, but looks can be deceiving. After all, have they been threatening us with genocide?” Anniston asked.

“Hang a right here and keep going up till you get to the gate and pull in to the parking lot,” Hicks said, while looking for signs they'd been followed. “I like your RV, Trevor, but it's about as inconspicuous as a one legged man at an ass kicking contest.”
“It's Professor Anniston's mobile retirement home. I wanted to ditch it as soon as that Wilcox fellow went nuts yesterday, but I'm afraid the professor can be quite unreasonable at times,” Trevor explained, as he pulled into the lot and drove to a shady spot where Hicks pointed.
A black sports car was already there with three people anxiously watching their approach.

Hicks jumped out and trotted over before the RV had come to a full stop.
“Keep an eye on everyone's favorite Ziffel. I'll be back in a few minutes,” Shannon said to Trevor.
Alice took the passenger seat and looked outside muttering, “What an ass.”
“Pardon me?” Trevor asked in shock, did you say what I thought you did?”
Alice chuckled and pointed up at the cast iron statue of Vulcan, towering above Red Mountain. The cast iron Roman god of black smiths stood holding a spear outstretched in one hand. But because he was facing the other way they were afforded a remarkable view of his muscular naked buttocks.
Trevor shook his head and looked at the Ziffel who had opened his eyes and was silently glaring at the old man pointing a machine gun at him.

“Shannon, glad to finally catch up with you,” Amalia said, looking more than slightly irritated.
“Sorry, but things have been...complicated lately. There's a couple of things I need to say before I take you to the RV. On board, we have not one but two different races of aliens. I think the big ones are working with some humans, well cops at least. And also, I want a raise,” Shannon said, as they walked back to the RV.
“You met some aliens?” Marcus asked sounding impressed and a little jealous.
“Shush. Did you guys ditch your cell phones?” Amalia asked.
Shannon looked at her partner.
“Yeah. I dropped my brand new one that I went through Hell to get by the way, at a police station in town. Shannon's is on the trailer of a truck hauling concrete culverts somewhere. If they're tracking them they'll be busy for awhile,” Hicks said with a grin.
“Good. Hicks, I want you and Wilcox watching for any visitors while I go see what's going on with your new friends,” Amalia said, as they climbed inside the RV.


“Do what you want but I'm going to take a walk. I'm sick of aliens and all the craziness that accompanies them. Alice, Trevor, would you care to join me?” Professor Anniston asked, after brief introductions were made in his RV.
“Yes sir. I've been feeling claustrophobic all day,” Trevor said, as Alice nodded and walked down the steps.
“It could be dangerous, out there,” Amalia warned them.
“Madam, there are aliens inside my home. A big one who's intentions are questionable at best and who knows how many tiny ones that have only recently agreed not to destroy humanity.
At this point, I'd welcome quite happily the danger of a mugger or thief over my uninvited house guests,” the old man said, before turning and joining his friends as they walked slowly toward the Vulcan Park visitors complex.

Marcus took possession of Trevor's machine gun and lead the pig faced man into Professor Anniston's bedroom, at Shannon's suggestion.
The Ziffel didn't say anything while being marched out of earshot but did glare fiercely at the two women.
As soon as Marcus shut the door and made the pig faced man sit on the bed, it whispered urgently, “Quit fucking around and get these handcuffs off of me, before it's too late.”
“Why in the world would I do that?” Marcus asked, pointing the gun at him.
“Because I work for Mr. Smith, and so do you,” The Ziffel explained.
Marcus was shocked and let the gun droop slightly as he felt goose bumps break out over his skin.

Over the previous two years he'd been providing information to a man he'd met in Atlanta, in exchange for several large sums of cash. If the information they had wanted was high security or sensitive he never would have considered it, but Smith seemed interested more in conspiracy goof ball stuff than anything serious so he took his money.
He'd met him at a convention of extraterrestrial researchers and enthusiasts who got together and discussed the possibilities of alien life.
The man, at the time, had seemed likeable enough and showed him some of his collection of photographic and video examples of flying saucers and reports that were purported to be proof of visitors from outer space.
Marcus had been underwhelmed by what he saw. Having worked for the FBI gathering intelligence of such things for nearly ten years, he could tell the man was just an amiable amateur kook; albeit a kook of considerable wealth.
After the man showed him a DVD of a blurry 'spaceship' that was spotted over Brazil in 1998 and told Marcus he's spent $5,000 for it, he asked if he was still in the market for other things related to aliens.
The man, who called himself Mr. Smith, was very impressed with Marcus's FBI credentials and excited by the possibility of buying anything he could. A deal was made and at first Marcus felt he'd taken advantage of Mr. Smith because nearly everything he sent to him was garden variety gossip found in nearly every corner of the internet.
But over the last year Mr. Smith had been hinting that unless the quality of his reports didn't improve, he might report him to his superiors as a spy and traitor.

Marcus gradually sent more sensitive information and not just on aliens but also his superiors including Amalia Armstrong, who was now just down the hall of the RV.
It had all seemed harmless enough, until now. A few hours ago he thought it was nothing more than a group of UFO nuts with more balls and money than brains. But now, face to tusked face with an alien who not only knew his name but everything about the intelligence he'd been providing, he was scared and confused.
“Listen to me, Marcus,” the Ziffel whispered. “You're a smart kid. All I want is for you to unlock one of the handcuffs for me. I'll handle the rest. I can tell you're upset and frankly you should be.
When they interrogate me, and you know they will, your name will probably come up. I don't want that to happen. You've been a well rewarded good friend to us in the past and if you release me I know you'll get a nice bonus for it.
Hell, just make a phone call and tell them where I am. Then take a walk and they'll come get me. I'm not asking you to shoot anybody or anything like that. Just help me and yourself out before we're both screwed.”
Marcus stood by the slightly open door leading to the hallway dividing his attention between what was being said by the alien and watching for Amalia and the others. He had no idea the people he had been providing intelligence to were aliens. Now that he realized it though, he was more than scared, he was both terrified and horrified.
“Time's running out, buddy. If you let me go, I'll just run for it. I won't hurt anyone. Just unlock one handcuff,” the Ziffel whispered urgently.


“He's a big scary looking guy. Plus, his ears aren't even pointy like the Vulcans from Star Trek,” Alice observed, as she Trevor and Professor Anniston looked up from the base of the tower on which the nearly sixty foot tall cast iron statue stood.
“My dear, surely you are joking,” Anniston said with a smile.
He saw her shaking her head and sighed. “It's not that kind of Vulcan, Alice. He is the Roman god of fire and the forge, I believe. Birmingham was once a city known for its production of steel and iron, hence they erected this statue over a hundred years ago. But confidentially, he does look a bit scary to me as well.”
The old man held Alice's hand as they gazed up at the statue.

Trevor, feeling uncomfortable and unnecessary, wandered over to a fence beyond which there was considerable drop off down the mountainside.
Nearby, two children were taking turns looking through a coin operated telescope at the city below.
“It's my turn, butt munch,” the boy said to the girl as she looked through the telescope.
“Just a second, fart breath.”
Trevor smiled and briefly thought that he was glad he'd never had children, before walking toward the gift shop.

A few minutes later, browsing through numerous tacky items, he decided to buy a six pack of glasses engraved with the image of Vulcan. Over the years, he and Anniston nearly always picked up some souvenir wherever they had wandered. Most, were far less useful than the glasses and currently kept under the RV in various sized storage compartments.
He took the package of glasses and was about to walk outside when he saw the old man and Alice standing in the observation area with the telescopes. They were in the midst of a shockingly passionate kiss. Turning back to the gift shop, he decided to give them a few more minutes of privacy and continued to browse.
###


Closing Thoughts & Thanks

For those of you wanting hints about book two, I'll share this much. There's going to be aliens and more action. Hopefully I didn't give too much away by sharing that.
Special Thanks to my good friend Derek Stack for his help on some of the more technical and scientific events portrayed in this novel. Also I'd like to thank my lovely daughter for posing on the cover of The Tiniest Invaders, Book One Coexistence.

Revision date: 11/29/2013, 11:30 PM 
I have finished the revisions. If you found some oddities, such as missing commas, or commas where they shouldn't have been, congratulations. You're smarter than me. Of course, that's not saying too much. 
I did get a very nice email from a sweet couple of kids who read this and pointed out a goofy mistake I'd made. Thank you Ed and Dani for being kind enough to let me know about the goof so I could fix it. I also took the liberty of fixing a bunch of other oddities and typos.
Did I catch them all?
Probably not.
If you see something glaringly stupid I've written, other than odd comma placement, drop me a line at handsonpp@aol.com and I'll try and fix it.

Book Two; The Meandering Menace was published earlier this year. The final installment will be completed sometime in 2014.
As to the final Tiniest Invaders book- It's a funny thing. I really do like the story but very few readers, such as yourself share my feelings about it. When I finished book two I was bitching to a friend of mine that very few people like the story or at least didn't seem to.
She asked a terribly intelligent question then. “Why bother writing what no one likes? Why don't you keep writing about zombies? People seem to like those stories.”
I hate it when she's right.
Especially when she's right, I know it, and go ahead and do a dumb thing- such as finish the series on Tiniest Invaders. Perhaps I'm just a glutton for punishment? But what can I do?
As I've said before- I love the story.

I've seen hundreds of movies on aliens and humans but never felt the stories were particularly meaningful. Many seemed just sort of stupid and often made me wonder about the aliens motivation. Unlike the undead, aliens should have motivations and reasons for doing the things they do.
I mean really... they come from billions of miles away to suck out brains, play with anal probes, and blow up major cities. What's the point of any of that?
Perhaps, aside from my liking the story and wanting to see the end myself, the biggest reason I keep slogging away on the final book is very simple- I have no choice.
I would be a major ass to come this far only to cackle maniacally and tell readers nothing more about what happens. And while many people already think I'm an ass, for a host of valid reasons, I don't want an incomplete TTI trilogy to be one of them.


A FEW WORDS ON HOW I WRITE

Some authors create a detailed outlines to plan out their novels. Those writers are very meticulous and logical in how they do their work.
I am not.
I do keep journals with key points that occur in each chapter and have a vague idea where I want the story to go, principally so as not to make things confusing. But most of the things I write are by way of 'stream on consciousness'.
Oh sure, I'll pause every now and again to check on various facts to insure I don't write something idiotic (too often).
My story telling technique is very free flowing. I try and place myself in the character's mindset and imagine how they'd react to the things around them. Some critics and readers have quite rightly pointed out that sometimes the story comes out as long-winded.
I have no defense for that accusation because they happen to be right, but I don't care too much if that offends some readers when I ramble. Because I write principally to entertain myself. If others want to read the stories they are welcome to do so. But my main criteria in writing something is simple; Is it a fun read?
If it is I feel my job is done.


Did you hate the story?
If so, you should probably not get the second book.
Did you like the story?
If so, drop me an email at handsonpp@aol.com and say “Hi.”
OR, if you want to do me a tremendous favor write up a nifty review and post it wherever you downloaded TTI Book 1 and tell people why you liked it.

Thanks for reading,
-William Bebb
