
SYNOPSIS
In The Colossus Expansion, the fourth book of the Second World Series, deep space travel evolves as humans venture deeper into the solar system. Our existence in space is facilitated by the CASSI AI system. CASSI’s consciousness and morality becomes legendary as human expansion into deep space is thwarted by ATek, a Russian asteroid mining conglomerate.
We need bigger, faster ships with artificial gravity for long voyages, something that the Colossus II settlement ships, launching November 20, 2054, can provide. The Colossus II is a huge interplanetary ship, ever so much more spacious and accommodating than the Colossus I, equipped with two hab rings rotating around the ship’s central axis giving a Mars equivalent ship gravity. The Colossus II Interplanetary ship is propelled by Super Heavy booster rocket engines and ion thrusters.
Human settlement of the solar system reaches Jupiter’s moon Callisto and Saturn’s moon Titan while robotic probes penetrate the ice of Europa and Enceladus to explore oceans more vast than those of Earth. Discoveries there redefine the boundaries of what we imagine as life.
The Colossus Expansion saga culminates in 2079 on the Perseus Mission. Not only will this mission be the last hope of averting the Shiva disaster for Earth and Mars, the Colossus III ship Perseus secretly launches continuing outward on the most important exploration mission in human history.

The Colossus Expansion
Doug Cook

This book is dedicated to my granddaughter, the warrior princess Zenobia.

Copyright ©2021 by Doug Cook
Smashwords Edition
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles or reviews. Please do not participate in or encourage the piracy of copyrighted materials in violation of the author’s rights. Purchase only authorized editions.
Cover image credits NASA/JPL- composite images of Saturn and its moon Titan.
Douglas J. Cook
Colorado Springs, CO

THE COLOSSUS EXPANSION

TABLE OF CONTENTS
INTRODUCTION
PREFACE
PROLOGUE
CHAPTER 1 Earth 2054
CHAPTER 2 Arcadia 2054
CHAPTER 3 The Lutetia Incident
CHAPTER 4 Callisto Valhalla Base
CHAPTER 5 The Destroyer Missions
CHAPTER 6 Titan Shangri-La Base
CHAPTER 7 The Perseus Mission
CHAPTER 8 The Rain of Terror
EPILOGUE
APPENDIX 1 History of Mars Settlement and Shiva’s Threat
APPENDIX 2 Analysis of S1-5: A one-kilometer fragment impact on Mars South Pole
GLOSSARY of TERMS
DRAMATIS PERSONAE

Introduction
“As a species, we've taken a long time to get to this point after billions of years of evolution. The window to extend consciousness beyond Earth is open, but it might not be open for long. We have to do it now.”
“It appears that consciousness is a very rare & precious thing, and we should take whatever steps we can to preserve the light of consciousness... We should become a multi-planet civilization while that window is open”
-- SpaceX CEO Elon Musk
This introduction serves to discuss the science and engineering woven into the Second World Series and The Colossus Expansion, the fourth book of the series. These are exciting times for the evolution of human space exploration. We have just celebrated the 50th anniversary of the Apollo 11 Moon landing. NASA has adopted the Artemis program with a goal of returning humans to the Moon by 2024 with a permanent settlement beginning in 2028. This is planned to jumpstart a NASA sponsored human mission to Mars by the mid-2030s. Below, we will discuss how SpaceX could accelerate that timeline.
The premise of Arcadia Mars and The Shiva Encounter, the second and third books of the Second World Series, is that the threat of ongoing global warming, Earth overpopulation, global thermonuclear war, along with the peaceful motivations to explore and settle Mars are not enough to compel that first human mission to the red planet in the foreseeable future. A one hundred kilometer diameter Kuiper Belt Object, KBO, from beyond Neptune and Pluto is discovered to be on a trajectory to the inner solar system. It was named Shiva, the Destroyer. It has a one-in-fifty chance of impacting the Earth in the year 2079. This disaster would be twenty-thousand times the impact energy of the Chicxulub Event, the asteroid impact that killed the dinosaurs and most of the life on Earth, 66 million years ago. This threat of possible extinction drives us to become a spacefaring multi-planet species.
The Aquila Mission returned humans to deep space by NASA’s current playbook using the SLS Space Launch System (fictional name therein-- Space Rocket System-SRS). In Arcadia Mars and The Shiva Encounter, the SpaceX Super Heavy booster with its Starship (fictional name herein-- SpaceTrans Colossus) becomes the workhorse for deep space travel to establish the first settlements on Mars starting in 2035 and Ceres in 2042.
In The Colossus Expansion, deep space travel evolves as humans venture deeper into the solar system. We need bigger, faster ships with artificial gravity for long voyages. Colossus II settlement ships launch November 20, 2054. The Colossus II is a huge interplanetary ship, incapable itself of a planet landing, but ever so much more spacious and accommodating with hab modules rotating around the ship’s central axis giving a Mars equivalent 0.38 g centripetal acceleration. The Colossus II will be able to carry 584 passengers and crew with 384 of them in hib-sleep. The Crew Cargo Vehicle, or CCV, is actually a Colossus I ship. The CCV detaches from the big Colossus II to make landings possible.
Even with these huge settlement ships, the long travel times to realms as far as Saturn, inspire us to find faster deep space travel. We look to fusion power and the potential development of the synchrotron ion drive (SID) with propellant exhaust driven to ten percent of light speed continuously accelerating the ship for months.
The Super Heavy/Starship Reality
In the Introduction of Arcadia Mars, we discussed the “BFR Reality”. In 2019, SpaceX changed the jargon. The BFR reusable design is comprised of a renamed Super Heavy booster first stage and Starship second stage. At the time of writing, SpaceX has successfully tested its Starhopper and SN5 single Raptor engine prototypes with short lift off and soft landings. A near-future Starship prototype, with three Raptor engines, will lead to a proposed 20-kilometer suborbital test flight. A crewed Starship orbital test flight will soon follow. Elon Musk predicts that will happen in 2021.
 On May 29, 2020, hours before SpaceX would send its first human crew into space in a Dragon crew capsule on a Falcon 9, the SN4 Starship prototype went up in flames in an explosion that took place at the Boca Chica facility in Texas for developing Starship prototypes. The explosion was attributed to a fuel disconnect line. SpaceX learned and moved on to the next prototype- SN5.[1] SN5 successfully completed a 150-meter hop test on August 4, 2020.

SpaceX Starhopper prototype as flown in 2019 with a single Raptor engine.
(Image credit: G. De Chiara via Wikipedia)

SpaceX Starship MK1 prototype as unveiled by Elon Musk Sept. 28, 2019 stands 50 meters tall at the company's Boca Chica site in South Texas (Falcon 1 used for scale). Planned inaugural 20 km launch, planned for 11/15/2019, according to FAA application. The fins on the Starship are used to control its belly first landing approach before a powered vertical landing. (Image credit: SpaceX)
On April 30, 2020, the SpaceX Starship was chosen as one of three potential human lunar landing systems for development for a NASA led 2024 return to the Moon. The next year will see many SpaceX developments toward a successful Starship design. Each step, with success or failure, constitutes a learning process.
In Arcadia Mars, we discussed the need for a low Earth orbiting (LEO) propellant depot. A crewed Starship could launch from Earth and refuel in a single rendezvous with the depot instead of waiting for five to eight propellant tanker launches to refuel the Starship. In the future, the Starship could be fully fueled for the journey to Mars at the depot with less expensive propellant made from water extracted from the Moon or near Earth asteroids.
Robert Zubrin, Mars Society and Pioneer Astronautics President, proposes that the Starship be used as a heavy lift vehicle to ferry Mars mission elements to LEO only.[2] From there, the Mars mission elements would launch to Mars with Habitat, Earth Return Vehicle, and Crew Transfer vehicle elements originally proposed in Zubrin’s 1996 book The Case for Mars. This would essentially be the NASA reference proposed Mars Mission that uses the SLS heavy lift vehicle instead of the SpaceX Super Heavy booster and Starship. This scenario may be viable only for a short stay Mars exploration and return crew mission.
I maintain that the prospect of delivering 100 to 120 metric tons to the surface of Mars with a single SpaceX Starship is the only realistic way to begin building a permanent, fully operational Mars settlement. It will require 1100 MT of propellant to fully refuel a Starship to return it to Earth. In Arcadia Mars, I described the scenario of using the SSTAR reactor to produce the 10 GWh of energy needed to produce the 1100 MT of propellant (liquid methane and liquid oxygen) from atmospheric carbon dioxide and ice found in the near subsurface of Mars.
The Mars Orbiting Space Camp proposed by Lockheed Martin looks cool and seemed integral to settling Mars. I adopted it in Arcadia Mars but now I feel it’s awkward and unnecessary. EDL, entry, descent, and landing, is hard enough as direct approach to landing on Mars. Why pay the price of deceleration to direct orbit without aero braking? The same could be said of plans to have bases on Phobos and Deimos before a human Mars landing.
What of producing propellant on the Moon? Water ice is known to exist in permanently shaded craters near the Moon’s poles, especially the South Pole. Water ice readily yields hydrogen and oxygen through electrolysis. Bring your own carbon dioxide and you can make methane propellant with the Sabatier Reaction. Water ice in permanently shaded craters ties this operation to the Moon’s poles.
ESA is partnering in a new process that can generate oxygen and metals from lunar soil. Both will be very valuable to a lunar economy.[3]
I discussed Mars surface operations energy budgets with SpaceX Principal Mars Development Engineer at the Humans to Mars Summit in May 2019. In our discussion, I pointed out the very high-energy bill to produce 1100 MT of propellant on Mars to return a Starship and described the idea of using the SSTAR reactor to foot the energy bill. I suggested salvaging some of the Starships on Mars. For settlements, I explained, it might be overwhelming to produce enough propellant to return all the Starships sent to build a settlement on the Moon or on Mars. What do you do with them? In Arcadia Mars, I proposed to salvage them for metal, materials, engines, and electronics! The engineer smiled and nodded politely.
Elon Musk gave an update on the next-generation Starship MK1 spacecraft at the SpaceX Texas launch facility on September 28, 2019 in Boca Chica, Texas. Elon Musk’s announcement described the Starship being constructed with 301 stainless steel instead of aluminum or carbon fiber. Stainless steel is less expensive ($1300/ton) and easy to weld. It has a high ( ~ 1400° C) melting temp versus Al-Li alloy that melts at 718° C. Carbon fiber is very expensive (~$130,000/ton) and not generally appropriate for temperatures over 150° C. 301 Stainless steel requires less heat shielding and is the lightest, cheapest architecture. Elon said, “On Mars, [you can] weld it, modify it, cut up and use it for other things or whatever. Starship will allow us to inhabit other worlds, to make life as we know it interplanetary.”
Reusability of both the Super Heavy booster and Starship lowers costs considerably. Musk recently said that each Starship mission could eventually cost as little as $2 million with the propellant being about half of that cost.[4]
The SpaceX Principal Mars Development Engineer was noncommittal about my suggestions at the 2019 Humans to Mars Summit. However, Elon Musk’s words describing cutting up and recycling Starships on Mars acknowledges the high-energy cost to return the vehicles. This sounds familiar! I can’t categorically say that my thoughts hit home with SpaceX but it’s rewarding to know that my thoughts are on a logical track even ahead of SpaceX announcements. Either my ideas were heard or great minds think alike!
Quoting Elon Musk, “Building 100 Starships/year gets to 1000 in 10 years or 100 megatons/year or maybe around 100,000 people per Earth-Mars orbital sync.” A Twitter user ran the figures and checked if Musk planned to land a million humans on Mars by 2050. “Yes,” Musk replied.[5] “Loading the Mars fleet into Earth orbit, then 1000 ships depart over about 30 days every 26 months.[6], [7]
The scenario for carrying a hundred passengers on a Starship will work for suborbital or short Earth orbital tourist flights. The cabin space that could be allotted per passenger would not be much larger than what is available on a comfortable business class airline flight. A trip to Mars taking about six months will require larger living space and space for consumables. I believe that the twenty-one passengers and crew that I assumed for the journey to Mars in Arcadia Mars are ideal. When we develop human hibernation, which I call hib-sleep, then you may accommodate more passengers on a Starship. You will also need five or six cargo Starships with just consumables and supplies for each hundred passengers. Then, hope that you can start growing your own food soon!
Building an infrastructure on Mars will require a huge amount of freight. Also, we’ll need huge refueling depots in Earth orbit and a means of supplying them. The current scenario is that it will take eight Starship propellant tankers to fully refuel a Starship in Earth orbit for the launch to Mars. This operation will be mercifully more efficient at a propellant depot.
In the second book of this series, Arcadia Mars, we described the concept of using a propellant depot in LEO instead of having a Mars bound Starship waiting for multiple propellant tanker launches. The concept is shown below with the small cryo-tanks holding liquid methane and the larger cryo-tanks holding LOX.

Author’s concept of a Low Earth Orbit (LEO) BFR Propellant Depot capable of storing a full load of propellant for the BFR Second Stage Spaceship (240 MT of methane and 860 MT of LOX). One BFR ship can lift 100 MT to LEO. It will take eight BFR launches to fill the depot for one deep space BFR launch from LEO. The propellant docking port mates with the propellant transfer lines in the BFR aft engine bay by present design.
In The Shiva Encounter, the third book in this series, we took this concept a step further—a step which can open up the solar system to interplanetary commerce and launch crews to Jupiter and beyond. Let’s revisit that and describe how we can take Starship technology beyond Mars.
The Super Heavy booster is not designed for low Earth orbit (LEO) and atmospheric reentry. It is designed to lift the Starship part way to LEO and then return to its launch center just as the reusable Falcon 9 and Falcon Heavy boosters have done successfully. Let’s now consider launching the Super Heavy booster as a single stage to orbit (SSTO) without the Starship load and sporting an aerodynamic nose faring.

Super Heavy booster launched as single stage to orbit (SSTO) without the Starship load and with an aerodynamic nose faring. (Concept modified from SpaceX images)
Assuming the dry mass of Super Heavy is 150 MT, larger than a Saturn V First Stage, with the propellant mass of 3300 MT, it could conceivably be launched to LEO as a single stage vehicle (SSTO). It could then be repurposed to be a fuel depot or Super Heavy space-tug. Reaction control motors and gyros would need to be added to maintain orientation for refueling operations. The Super Heavy space-tug version would need to be converted to vacuum Raptor engines.

Super Heavy booster SSTO being used as a propellant depot refueled by the tanker shown above the SSTO. The SSTO Super Heavy can hold 3300 MT of propellant. (Concept modified from SpaceX images)

Super Heavy booster SSTO being used as a propellant depot to refuel a Starship. (Modified from SpaceX images)
With a Super Heavy propellant depot, a Starship could refuel in one operation. The Super Heavy depot holds enough propellant for two Starships.
Colossus II Interplanetary Vehicle
A further extrapolation inspires the idea of using a refueled Super Heavy booster to launch the Starship to Mars with a full load of propellant for Mars landing and return without refueling. The current SpaceX concept requires the Starship to refuel on the surface of Mars with propellant manufactured from in situ resources (ISRU) in order to return to Earth.
In this scenario, the now empty Super Heavy booster could then be maneuvered to a Lagrange parking orbit for reuse as a propellant depot or space tug. Now, imagine moving huge loads of propellant manufactured from water on the Moon, Mars, or deep space asteroids. This is the commodity of interplanetary commerce!
The concept could also be used to launch truly huge spaceships from LEO for human deep space missions to Jupiter and beyond. These huge spaceships will need to provide consumables and artificial gravity using centrifugal force for the crew for voyages lasting years.

Colossus II Interplanetary Vehicle concept (modified from SpaceX images)


In The Colossus Expansion, the Colossus II Interplanetary Vehicle, pictured above and described below, is first launched in 2054. The Colossus II Interplanetary Vehicle concept shows a Super Heavy booster SSTO core with a Starship as a Crew/Cargo Vehicle (CCV) that can separate for landing. The concept adds double habitat torus rings (Hab Rings) that rotate on a hub for artificial gravity. Access to the CCV from the habitat hub is through a retractable access tunnel. The hub segment holds an SSTAR reactor for power and water for propellant for four ion thruster pods attached to the Super Heavy core. The core and Hab Rings stay in orbit while the CCV lands on its objective. The CCV is capable of aerobraking and atmospheric entry in Titan’s thick atmosphere.
The Hab Rings on Colossus II are 10 meters wide and have a ring diameter of 70 meters. The Hab Rings are insulated against cosmic radiation with aluminum and tantalum foils sandwiched with polyurethane foam. Ring wedges can be manufactured on Earth from stainless steel or aluminum and launched to orbit for ring construction. Eight 11.25° ring wedges can be launched on a Super Heavy booster to comprise a 90° ring arc. Thirty-two ring wedges from four launches completes a Hab Ring. Manufacturing bases on the Moon can use aluminum rich lunar anorthosite to construct aluminum Colossus and Hab Ring segments. Propellants to send the parts to orbit can be manufactured from lunar water ice proven to exist in permanently shaded polar craters.
Each Hab Ring has an internal volume of almost 15,000 cubic meters. That’s fifteen times the habitable volume of the Starship CCV further multiplied by the volume of two rings. Let’s reserve half of that volume for food stores, life support, maintenance shops, science labs, and dining and entertainment space. That still leaves us room for fifty average sized homes on Earth. With this space, we could comfortably transport about 200 waking passengers plus 384 hib-sleep settlers plus crew. A stroll around the ring circumference takes the length of two football fields.
To generate Mars equivalent artificial gravity, 0.38 g, the centripetal acceleration needs to be 3.72 m/s. The rotation rate to yield Mars equivalent gravity with our 70-meter diameter Hab Ring is one revolution in 13.6 seconds, a bit over 4 rpm. While this will be quite comfortable inside the Hab Ring, the inhabitants may do without windows since the view rotating that fast would be unsettling to say the least. Our deep space travelers can foray into the CCV for panoramic views sans gravity.
In 1960, Ernst Stuhlinger, the inventor of ion propulsion,[8] stated that someday electrodynamic systems will have exhaust velocities up to 1000 km/s. Let’s assume that the propellant water is ionized to doubly ionized oxygen (O2+) and protons (H+) driven by electromagnetic thrusters to 200 km/s ion exhaust velocity. That’s about four times what is achievable today.
The Super Heavy SSTO uses chemical propellant to reach Mars escape velocity and saves about 1000 MT of propellant for other maneuvers. The Starship is fully loaded with cargo and propellant totaling 1300 MT gross mass. The Hab Ring section weights 600 MT with 1000 MT of propellant water in the hub with an SSTAR reactor producing a prodigious amount of energy. Our Colossus II gross mass at Mars escape velocity is then 4150 MT. If we use 500 MT of propellant water with 200 km/s exhaust velocity, we have gained 27 km/s additional velocity.[9] We can get from Mars to Saturn in eighteen months with the Colossus II for the scenario used in the Perseus Mission in Chapter 7 of this book, The Colossus Expansion.
Fusion Power and Synchrotron Ion Drive
Looking farther into the future of what might be possible developing the Colossus, the Colossus III might evolve with a fusion power plant replacing the SSTAR reactor and add a synchrotron ion drive (SID) which accelerates its ion exhaust velocity to relativistic speeds at 90% of light speed (0.9 c). Assuming the Colossus III has the same 4150 MT mass as in the Colossus II scenario above, using only 16 MT of propellant, the SID will accelerate us by 1000 km/s potentially getting us from Mars to Saturn in two weeks. Of course, we will have saved propellant to “flip and burn” to decelerate at the halfway point for landing on Titan.
Can this Colossus III SID ship take us to the stars? No, not unless we make it a generation ship like the Nauvoo on The Expanse. When we look out at the cosmos, we must feel the infinite. Pioneering probes, Voyager 1 and 2 and most recently New Horizons, flying by Pluto and KBO Arrokoth, have traveled distances almost unimaginable into interstellar space. At the time of writing, Voyager 2 is 17 hours 11 minutes 49 seconds of light-travel time from Earth! The stars are infinitely farther. Our exploration range for the foreseeable future is within our solar system unless we invoke science fiction technology and bend the laws of physics as we know them today.
Let’s do the math for a trip to Proxima Centauri, the closest star beyond our solar system and home the Thelud extraterrestrial intelligence that we were introduced to in The Shiva Encounter. Proxima Centauri is 4.2 light years away from us. At 300,000 km/s, light travels 9.5 trillion kilometers in a year. So the distance to Proxima Centauri is 40 trillion kilometers. If our Colossus II is traveling at the amazing velocity of 1000 km/s, it will still take 1273 years to get to Proxima Centauri! That’s more than a few generations.
What technology might we learn from the Thelud who left us The Box artifact in The Shiva Encounter? We know that they have faster-than-light (FTL) technology. Their sphere of influence encompasses some twenty light years from Proxima Centauri. Is there a twist of physics that can give us a glimmer of hope for FTL interstellar travel? Keep reading The Colossus Expansion.

Stars within Twenty Light Years of the Sun[10]
Construction in Deep Space
Today, all facilities in commercial space and space exploration are made from components manufactured on Earth. They are all lifted to space with expensive launch vehicles clawing their way out of Earth’s gravity well. The ISS is by far the largest in space construction project to date. It is all made from modules and parts manufactured on Earth. In the near future, in-space manufacturing will become commonplace and allow construction of space stations and space vehicles perhaps using resources from the Moon or from near Earth asteroids (NEOs).
3D robotic printing of plastic and various metal parts is commonplace on Earth. One company is making a complete 3D printed rocket engine using only a few gaskets and electronic components not 3D printed. In 2022, one company will launch Archinaut One with a 3D printer that will churn out two ten meter long beams to support huge solar arrays. MIT Assembler Robots practice making complex structures from dodecahedrons that can be 3D printed. These Assembler robots could build space settlements in the not-too-distant future.[11]

MIT Assembler Robots constructing complex structures.
When we begin mining asteroids for resources and are able to refine raw materials into construction feedstock in space, off-Earth construction projects will be nearly limitless. Resources from asteroids include carbon compounds, water ice, hydrated minerals, iron, nickel, titanium, aluminum, copper, chromium, rare earth elements, and virtually all elemental ores that we mine on Earth. We will manufacture propellant depots filled with propellant derived from asteroids. We can construct space stations and space vehicles from resources derived from asteroids. We will learn to manufacture electronics and microchips off-Earth.
Habitats and landing pads can be 3D printed from 3D printed soil regolith on the Moon, Mars, or any body in the solar system where silicate minerals are available. Designs and 3D printing of life-sized habitats have been demonstrated on Earth using simulants of Moon and Mars soil regolith.
Settlement of the asteroid belt, Jupiter’s moon Callisto, Saturn’s moon Titan, and anywhere else in deep space will be made possible only by using asteroid or in situ resources. This is the arena of The Colossus Expansion- the expansion of humans to the farthest reaches of the solar system. Sourcing from Earth to sustain a settlement at these distances would be nearly impossible.
Imagine the Hab Rings of the Colossus II described above being 3D printed in space. We could use stainless steel for hulls derived from iron, nickel, chromium, and manganese from asteroids. SpaceX is using 301 stainless steel in the first generation of Starships. We could use PVC, polyethylene, and other plastics for radiation insulation and interior spaces. The polymers for these products could be derived from carbonaceous asteroids. PVC and stainless are ideally suited to 3D printing as demonstrated by industry on Earth today.
Possible Fossil Life on Mars
Let’s first review the controversial McKay report[12] on the Martian meteorite ALH8001 from forty years ago. What are the chances of smacking a piece of Mars loose into space, having it land on Earth, then finding it in Antarctica? Now what are the chances of that very rare piece of Mars having a sleuth’s load of possible evidence of fossil Mars life? Few scientists found the evidence in McKay’s report to be a convincing argument proving fossil life from Mars. If the evidence had come from Earth, the bar might not have been set so high.
The McKay analysis focused on carbonate that had formed in basalt from the primordial crust of Mars. The carbonate apparently formed around four billion years ago, when Mars had surface water, higher atmospheric pressure, and higher temperatures. In it, they found some small tube-like structures, in the size range of Earth nanobacteria at only 100-200 nanometers. They also found PAH, polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, that could be associated with life. They also found strings of magnetite associated with some of the tube-like structures. This is similar to some modern bacteria. Each of these pieces of evidence taken alone is not convincing, but taken together, the possibility as claimed becomes plausible.
In Arcadia Mars, I described a science fiction scenario where astrogeologist Ellie Accardi and her science team discovered the first fossil life on Mars as layered stromatolites. Later, they found layers of living cyanobacteria in stromatolites on Mars.
Meanwhile, the Mars Curiosity Rover has been steadily making progress exploring Gale Crater. The crater was chosen as the landing site for the rover because of the obvious features of flowing water having filled it in Mars’ early history. Evidence for clay layers from standing water, layered stream deposits, and organic molecules have been found by Curiosity. The rover has returned chemical analysis and thousands of photographs of the geology of rocks in the crater. A team of astrobiologists led by R.G. Joseph have analyzed the images and report finding in Gale Crater rocks “specimens resembling terrestrial algae, lichens, microbial mats, stromatolites, ooids, tubular-shaped formations, mineralized fossils of metazoans, and calcium-carbonate encrusted cyanobacteria [images below].”[13]


Stromatolites of Lake Thetis, winter (top) summer (bottom) Similar dome shaped possible fossils Gale Crater, Mars
Not all astrobiologists agree. Read the referenced papers and you can be the judge![14]
Expanding on Mars
The Colossus Expansion resumes the story that we set in motion in the first three books of The Second World book series. Settlements are firmly established on Mars and have a foothold on Ceres, the largest of all the asteroids. The story resumes in 2054.
The Arcadia and Erebus Settlements on Mars continue to expand with many adjunct international settlement groups. China and India have established independent settlements supported by their own independent space industries. SpaceTrans no longer has a monopoly on settlement ships but is still dominant with its huge Colossus fleets.
There are 4575 people on Mars in May 2054. I have worked with reasonable assumptions of 26-month launch windows, a reasonable growth in the Colossus fleet, and an aggressive human reproduction rate. The goal of having a million humans on Mars by 2079, the arrival date of Shiva and its threat to Earth and Mars is still a long, long way from reality.
The limitation stems from the number of Colossus ships and settlers that can be launched from Earth every twenty-six months when the Mars launch window opens. The advent of the Colossus II ships and hib-sleep expands the number of settlers from 100 to 584 per ship. It would require seventeen Colossus II ships and about 300 Colossus I supply ships to send 10,000 settlers per launch window. That’s quite a stretch of the imagination.
Can expanding multi-national settlements on Mars live in peace? I have provided large-scale defense measures for our settlers with military lasers and railguns mounted on armored rovers stored in secret bunkers below Arcadia in case of need in a future conflict. Other rovers can also be fitted with ballistic missiles capable of hitting any place on Mars in Mars orbit. Will there be a future conflict needing these weapons?
Governing on Mars
SpaceX are currently launching hundreds of small Starlink satellites to create a global broadband internet satellite internet service. The Starlink satellite network will grow to thousands of satellites in the coming years.
On October 28, 2020, SpaceX released the Starlink Beta Consumer Service Terms: 
“Space Exploration Technologies Corp. (“SpaceX”) offers two-way satellite-based internet service (“Services”) and a Starlink antenna, WiFi router, power supply and mount (“Starlink Kit” or “Kit”) to you, the customer, subject to these Starlink Beta Consumer Service Terms (“Terms”)…”
SpaceX includes their vision of Starships colonizing Mars in the Starlink terms of service.
Governing Law:
“For Services provided to, on, or in orbit around the planet Earth or the Moon, these Terms and any disputes between us arising out of or related to these Terms, including disputes regarding arbitrability (Disputes) will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California in the United States. For Services provided on Mars, or in transit to Mars via Starship or other colonization spacecraft, the parties recognize Mars as a free planet and that no Earth-based government has authority or sovereignty over Martian activities. Accordingly, Disputes will be settled through self-governing principles, established in good faith, at the time of Martian settlement.”[15]
So with that, have we established a legal precedent for Governing on Mars?
Robert Zubrin, President of The Mars Society, Tweeted on 29 Oct 2020, “Starlink Service contract. Mars will be free.”
Carolyn Porco, CICLOPS director and leader of the Imaging Team for NASA's Cassini mission at Saturn, was quick to send a Tweet in response. “SpaceX will make its own laws on Mars and not recognize international laws. [This is] proof that the kind of excess wealth that leads to power & influence leads also to unrestrainable, blinding hubris and arrogance, and thence to evil. This must be stopped now.”
Beyond Mars- Settling on Callisto and Titan
In The Colossus Expansion, the advent of the Colossus II ships will allow us to expand throughout the asteroid belt and to the moons of Jupiter and Saturn. Galileo discovered the four largest moons of Jupiter in 1610. We can see them orbiting Jupiter through the most modest backyard telescope. They were brought into focus in amazing detail with the Voyager probe flybys in 1979, over forty years ago. We have learned that Io, Europa, and Ganymede have extremely harsh radiation from radiation belts in Jupiter’s strong magnetic field. Of the four Galilean moons, only Callisto is far enough from Jupiter to be habitable with lower radiation. Similarly with the radiation belts of Saturn, Titan’s orbital distance, large size, and thick atmosphere makes it an attractive moon to settle. The numerous smaller moons of Jupiter and Saturn offer no more appeal than asteroids with negligible gravity.
Are we alone in the universe?
As we see humanity settling worlds beyond Earth, the question about finding extra-terrestrial intelligence, ETI, somewhere out there is inevitable. How many civilizations might exist in the universe and why have we not been contacted yet?
In the Introduction of The Shiva Encounter, we explored the implications of the Drake Equation. It combines eight increasingly narrow estimation factors beginning with estimating the number of stars in the galaxy and number planets, or exoplanets, which orbit stars beyond our own sun.
As of April 2019, there are over four thousand confirmed exoplanets in just over three thousand star systems.[16] How many of those planets could support life? Roughly one-fifth of stars have planets in the habitable zone of the star. The habitable zone is defined where temperatures allow for liquid water to possibly support life as we know it. How many of those exoplanets actually develop life and then go on to evolve intelligent life that sends signals of their existence into space? How long does that intelligent life exist before going extinct?
“There are multiple competing theories as to where and how life started [on Earth]. Underwater hydrothermal vents are among the most promising locations for life's beginnings - our findings now add weight to that theory with solid experimental evidence,” said UCL Professor Nick Lane. For the first time, the researchers succeeded at creating self-assembling protocells in an environment similar to that of hydrothermal vents. They found that the heat, alkalinity, and salt did not impede the protocell formation, but actively favored it.[17]
In The Aquila Mission, we found evidence of fossil extraterrestrial life on asteroid Bennu. There was something very strange about the hexagonal vent on comet 125P. Questions hung in the air. In Arcadia Mars, we found primitive life on Mars like stromatolites on Earth. In The Shiva Encounter, Sofi and Alex and their crew from Mars, revisit the vent on 125P and recover an alien artifact- The Box. Sofi, Alex, and the AI CASSI, learn that The Box has tremendous stores of data and alien knowledge. They manage to establish rudimentary communication with The Box and learn that the humanoids that placed the artifact are the Thelud from Proxima Centauri b,[18] 4.2 light years from Earth. They glean the daunting truth that the Thelud caused the asteroid strike that wiped out the dinosaurs and allowed the evolution of humans. More recently, the Thelud nudged the KBO Shiva toward Earth beginning the desperate bid to settle Mars to avoid human extinction.
Earth in the Cosmic Bullseye
With Shiva debris targeting Mars and Earth in this book series, how does this fictional scenario compare with Earth’s history and forecasted possible future asteroid impacts?
There are about 190 documented impact craters on Earth. The Vredefort Crater is the largest on Earth, being 300 km diameter and 2 billion years old. In the Chicxulub Event, 66 million years ago, the impact of a 15 km diameter asteroid killed the dinosaurs and most of the life on Earth. The impact delivered the equivalent of ten billion Hiroshima A-bombs of kinetic energy. The resulting crater from the Chicxulub Event is 150 km wide by 20 km deep and is now buried beneath the north coast of the Yucatan peninsula of Mexico. The event covered the Earth in an ash layer recognized as the KT (or K-Pg) Boundary that ended the Cretaceous and began the Paleogene Period. This size of Earth impact statistically occurs only once every hundred million years. That rare impact event could only be delivered by a large, rogue body coming from somewhere else in the solar system. No such threat is known to exist today. The specter of such an extinction level event, however improbable, conjured the premise of Arcadia Mars.

The author at the KT Boundary exposed in Trinidad, Colorado. 75% of species and 99% of all life died at the KT Boundary due to the Chicxulub asteroid impact.
Since 2017, I have been involved in documenting many related impact craters in Wyoming that date to the Permian Period, 280 million years ago. In our original publication on these craters, it was thought that the event was limited to a single impactor that broke up and affected an area on Sheep Mountain with about 80 small impact craters. Proof of hypervelocity shock was demonstrated in ten of those craters across Sheep Mountain. Several craters are ellipsoidal and demonstrate the assumed SW to NE trajectory of the impactors. [19]
Since that was published, our exploration of other exposures of the top of Casper Sandstone stratigraphic timeline has found a total of 294 crater candidates over a 170 km corridor. All of the craters are small, in the 15 meter to one-kilometer size range. We have sampled and proven impact shock in several of these related crater structures. The ancient event can no longer be attributed to a single impactor. Indications of impact trajectory are not consistent. My study coauthors are not yet in agreement, but I favor the hypothesis that the Earth encountered a swarm of asteroid debris causing a sustained rain of impactors. This may have lasted many hours and perhaps recurred annually for many years. This scenario allows multiple impact trajectories.


Ellipsoidal craters in the Wyoming study that indicate the direction of impact trajectory. SM-1, SM-3, SM-4, FR-1, and FR-2 are proven impact craters. Other ellipsoidal craters in the Wyoming study indicate direction of impact trajectory by analogy and proximity to proven impact craters. All images are from Google Earth with North to the top and the length of major axis of each crater indicated.
Most of the craters are circular, meaning that the impact angle for that crater was probably higher than 30 degrees. We observe some craters with a possible trajectory from W to NW and from W to SW. This does not fit the Sheep Mountain scenario that we previously published. The common thread left is that the craters are all at the top of the Casper Sandstone timeline. This implies that all of the craters may still be related, perhaps to the same parent asteroid and orbit. We previously established that the Sheep Mountain Earth impactors were likely iron bodies. The strength of an iron body will generally allow it to survive atmospheric entry and create craters instead of burning up in the atmosphere. Imagine a huge collision in space, beyond Mars, with a large iron asteroid parent body (e.g. 16 Psyche- 277 km by 168 km diameter) creating an expanding debris cloud that crosses Earth’s orbit. When Earth encounters the debris cloud, the radiant point of incoming asteroid debris, like the annual Perseid meteor shower of comet dust, would cross the sky as the Earth rotates. Over the course of a day, impactors would progress from a low easterly incoming trajectory, to an increasingly higher angle, then to a low angle westerly incoming trajectory as their radiant sets below the western horizon.
This scenario offers multiple impactor trajectories in agreement with observations. It also requires that the event is spread around the globe. The Earth may have encountered this impactor debris swarm annually for an extended time, perhaps lasting through a 26,000-year Earth axial precession cycle. This would add another factor of variability in the impact trajectories. Eventually, the debris swam would disperse by expansion.
The larger implications of this scenario are that a large swath of Earth would have been involved with possible extinction consequences. There are at least ten, larger, proven Earth impact craters spread around the globe that could fit this scenario. However, the Paleozoic age dates are broadly uncertain. Additionally, planetary scientists, Mazrouei et al, claim through statistical analysis that Earth and lunar impact rates increased by a factor of 2.6 about 290 million years ago[20]. They state that “the change in the lunar and terrestrial impact flux may be due to the breakup of one or more large asteroids in the main asteroid belt.” Others refute this statistical analysis and state that the impact rate has been relatively constant for the last billion years.[21]
Perhaps we will find other crater strewn fields from the Permian time. The circumstances in Wyoming, with observed craters exposed at the top Casper Sandstone, are perhaps unique for the preservation and exposure of such old craters of modest size.
Is Earth in any known danger of asteroid impact now? No known asteroid has a high probability of Earth impact. However, on August 16, 2020, bus sized Asteroid 2020 QG entered the record books as the closest known asteroid that shaved by the Earth without impacting. It passed 2,950 kilometers above the southern Indian Ocean. Asteroid 2018 VP1 approached Earth on November 2, 2020 and missed. That 3-meter wide space rock had a 0.41% chance of impacting Earth. It passed harmlessly close at 5000 kilometers distance.
Near-Earth asteroid 99942 Apophis was discovered in 2004. Originally it was calculated that the 235-meter-wide asteroid could impact Earth on April 13, 2029, or in April 2036. Subsequent observations showed that the chance impact on those dates is near zero. However, in 2029 Apophis will pass frighteningly close, within the orbits of geostationary satellites. Continued observations show that Apophis has tiny orbital changes due to the Yarkovsky effect. That is a slight acceleration caused by sunlight. The velocity change could lead to a small chance of Earth impact in 2068.[22]
In the fictional future of The Colossus Expansion, what will happen to Earth and Mars during The Rain of Terror of Shiva debris in 2079?
The Explorers
What will the explorers in The Colossus Expansion find and what will it mean for humanity’s future in The Second World book series? Refer to Dramatis Personae for a full roster of players in the growing population on Mars and other worlds.
In Arcadia Mars, the veteran explorers of the Aquila Mission—Coby Brewster, his wife Ellie Accardi, Vik Ivanov and his wife Abby Denton—are chosen to lead the settlement crew of twenty-one people, including their families, to Mars to prepare for the arrival of Colossus-class settlement fleets. Coby and Vik died in a tragic accident on an experimental transport vehicle in The Shiva Encounter. Their families take up the mantle to lead our Mars settlements.
Ellie Accardi is a dedicated astrogeologist, mother, and now grandmother. Ellie, once with the red haired look of Botticelli’s Venus de Milo, has aged gracefully. She made the first discovery of fossil extraterrestrial life on asteroid Bennu and later found primitive living layers of slimy life forms on Mars. Never underestimate her strength of character.
Abby Denton, has long served the growing number of Arcadia settlers as flight surgeon, doctor, and obstetrician. She never shirks from a disaster.
Sofi Brewster is the daughter of Coby and Ellie. Alex Ivanov is the son of Vik and Abby. The two were conceived on the Aquila Mission and were known as the “space twins”. Their personalities and shared thoughts are inseparable. They’re extremely tall, intelligent, clairvoyant, and hold multiple PhDs in engineering and astronomy. Sofi and Alex were married on Mars at age eighteen and now carry on their legacy on Mars and beyond. A reader asked me how they developed special abilities: they evolved on the pages of my books since they were conceived in deep space in The Aquila Mission. Their telepathic and premonitory abilities are inherited from their respective mothers, Ellie and Abby.
The “space twins,” conceived in deep space, were exposed to cosmic radiation which sparked an extra mutation in each of them. This unleashed the potential that their mothers were only able to tap in the direst emergencies. Sofi and Alex pass on their genetic gifts to their fraternal twins Stella and Andrei, born on Mars in 2045. Their telepathic abilities make them key players on the Perseus Mission.
Oleg Ivanov is Vik’s son from his first marriage. Oleg is a ‘chip off the old block’ as a pilot and aerospace engineer. His leadership skills are waxing as he leads the first interplanetary trade mission to the nascent Ceres settlement. In 2049, Oleg succeeds Paula Jennings in the role of Governor of United Arcadia, Secretary-General to the United Arcadia Council and Ambassador to Earth. Olga Sadoski is Oleg’s wife. She is equally skilled as a pilot and engineer at Oleg’s side in adventures and mishaps. Their daughter, Oksana, was the first human born on Mars.
Jacob Petrov is Coby’s son with Russian astronaut Elena Petrov. Jacob and Elena are very qualified members of the first twenty-one Martian settlers. Jacob is intelligent and handsome. He’s an engineer and astrogeologist.
Governor Paula Jennings succeeded Vik as settlement governor. She’s accompanied to Mars by her husband Sam and astrophysicist daughter Tracy Jennings. Jacob and Tracy become romantically involved, marry, and now have a son named Filip. Will we see Jacob’s leadership abilities evolve as he follows in his father’s footsteps?
The lives of all the space travelers and settlers populating our expanding presence in the solar system rely on the artificial intelligence of CASSI supercomputers. CASSI’s consciousness and personality has evolved since she was first introduced in the Aquila Mission. Sofi and Alex along with their twins Stella and Andrei have a telepathic link to CASSI systems through the ELA-2000 chip, an extremely low frequency telecommunications receiver chip installed on CASSI allowing mental communication with the telepaths.
This sci-fi concept could become reality someday soon. Neuralink Corporation was founded in 2016 by Elon Musk and others. Neuralink[23] is rapidly advancing in the field of brain-computer interfaces. The initial goal is to use the system to control prosthetic devices. Elon Musk states that the long-term goal is to achieve “symbiosis with artificial intelligence.”
By 2054, there are over 4500 settlers on Mars making humanity’s second home self-sustaining and nearly independent of Earth. More settlement increments from many nations arrive from Earth in launch windows every twenty-six months. The legacy of the Aquila Mission’s leaders lives on.

Preface
“As a species, we've taken a long time to get to this point after billions of years of evolution. The window to extend consciousness beyond Earth is open, but it might not be open for long. We have to do it now.”
SpaceX CEO Elon Musk
Thanks for reading The Colossus Expansion, the fourth book of The Second World book series. I hope you’ve enjoyed reading The Aquila Mission, Arcadia Mars, and The Shiva Encounter, the first three books of the series. I’ve written each book so that it could be read stand-alone, but you’ll find the story to be more satisfying and complete by reading the series in order.
The Colossus Expansion, the fourth book of the Second World Book Series, tells the story of humans settling our solar system beyond Mars, beyond the asteroid belt, to Jupiter’s moon Callisto. We’ve bypassed the inner Galilean moons of Jupiter as habitable environments for human existence with ionizing radiation from Jupiter’s radiation belts being up to 10,000 times what astronauts will experience on the Earth’s Moon. Only Callisto is far enough from Jupiter to have a tolerable radiation environment. From Callisto, the expansion takes us to Saturn’s moon Titan, the second largest moon. Why Titan? Titan’s atmosphere, denser than Earth’s, provides radiation shielding from Saturn’s modest radiation belts. Also, Titan offers resources of limitless water ice, methane, and organics for rocket fuel and plastics feed stocks.
Sometimes I ask myself where I got the spark for my passion for science, space, and astronomy. I can only conclude this drive is innate. What I’ve learned in oceanography, engineering, geology, geophysics, and astronomy only feeds my sense of awe and wonder in trying to comprehend our place in the universe. The ocean on Earth is such a wonder! What could we discover in the subsurface oceans of Europa and Enceladus? Sunsets, the phases of the Moon, the night sky, the stars, the Milky Way at a dark sky site—all these feed my passions.
Fifty years ago, I saw my dream of humans walking on the Moon unfold as the greatest technological achievement in history. Today it’s Mars. At the time of this writing, SpaceX has Starship SN6, the inspiration for Colossus settlement ships, on the test launch pad in Boca Chica, Texas. Godspeed Starship and Super Heavy booster to get humans to Mars in my lifetime!
I have never left the Earth, but I have traveled to many of Earth’s frontiers. I have visually traveled to the outer reaches of the solar system with my telescope, a great inspiration for writing this book. By a rare circumstance, on one clear evening of observing in late October 2019 I was able to see all of the planets of our solar system with my telescope in Colorado.
Earth counts as planet number one. The planet sky show began at evening twilight with a clear view of the western horizon. Mercury and Venus were only two degrees apart about fifteen degrees above the horizon. Jupiter and Saturn have been jewels in our evening sky since early summer. Jupiter shines brightest in Ophiuchus above the red giant Antares. Saturn is in Sagittarius bathed in the glow of the Milky Way. Just five degrees east of Saturn, Pluto lurks in the chaos of Milky Way stars just at the limits of visibility of my 12-inch Dobsonian telescope.
Imagine traveling to the edge of the solar system with the Earth beneath my feet! Neptune is next in the southern sky in Aquarius as Jupiter sets at 10: 30 PM. Uranus, in Aries, has risen high enough to be seen. Like Neptune, Uranus exhibits an odd blue face with barely a hint of a disk. After a short nap, I finished the planet show with Mars rising above the eastern horizon in Virgo. Mars was on the distant opposite side of the Sun from Earth. Its face is about the same apparent diameter as Uranus but its tiny disk has the distinctive ruddy hue of the red planet. Mars will steadily grow as it edges to its closest to Earth at opposition in October 2020.

It has been brought to my attention that using the terms colony or colonization for off Earth expansion is not politically correct. While I see those terms pervasively in today’s literature on Mars, I concede that human settlement is more politically correct. I have reviewed this manuscript to change the terminology. I cannot change the books I have published so I offer my apologies instead.

As the writing of the Colossus Expansion evolves, I note that I had outlined the viral epidemic on the Colossus II ship in Chapter 2 long before the Covid-19 epidemic became a reality. I can’t say that I’m prophetic like Sofi and Alex. But I will say emphatically that the truth of this current pandemic situation is far stranger than any fiction I could write.

Writing the Second World Series for me has been like reading a good sci-fi book but backed by the very real history of Apollo and construction of ISS. The technical parts need telling to put solid technical legs on the mission ideas that I believe describes how we’ll put a crew on Mars. My Aquila Mission readers asked for a sequel, so Arcadia Mars, and The Shiva Encounter came to life. The outcome of The Shiva Encounter begs for more of the story to be told in the fourth book. I feel like I know the crews and the settlers-- like I’ve been living on Mars and had adventures on Ceres.
The settlement of Mars and the solar system is expanding exponentially! For reference, I’ve added a History of Mars Settlement and Shiva’s Threat in the Appendix. I constructed a Dramatis Personae list to help me get to know the new characters. I encourage readers to find that list and a Glossary of Terms following the Epilogue.
If you’re wondering why all of my writing uses metric measurements, it’s because it’s the measuring system of science. It’s decimal and a hundred times easier to use than Imperial units. In my fictional world, the USA abandoned Imperial measurements in 2023!
I would like to acknowledge the contributions by my wife Elizabeth. Her guidance helped on the UAE, LDS, and Indian settlements, interpersonal relationships, and ETI. It got me past some tough questions. Elizabeth and I just returned from a short geology trip to the Raton Basin of southern Colorado and Northern New Mexico. This area has some of the world’s best exposures of the K-T (K-Pg) boundary: a one-centimeter thick layer of asteroid impact glass, shocked quartz, and iridium that covered the Earth. It marks the impact of the asteroid that nearly wiped out all life on Earth 66 million years ago. It’s inspiring to touch this thin layer-- this instant of time that ended the 160 million year reign of dinosaurs and opened the reign of mammals on Earth.
I acknowledge that the concept of an ETI maneuvering an asteroid and aiming it at Earth was planted in my head by Ian Douglas in his Earth Strike Volume 1 of the Star Carrier Series. Another example, the 1997 film Starship Troopers, aliens wipe out Buenos Aires with an asteroid. Space rocks have even wiped out Martians in books such as “Protector” (1973), by Larry Niven. The motives implied in The Shiva Encounter and The Colossus Expansion are far different however. I gratefully acknowledge that some of the scenes in Chapter 2 are inspired by Christopher C. Dimond’s The 28th Gate Series.
I would also like to acknowledge my editors Adam Berry, Haley Cook-Simmons, Jeanie Ross, Matt Russell, Sam Siriano, Carol Young, and Susan Vella. Their careful attention to detail and acumen for a good sci-fi story helped improve the book.

I hope you enjoy The Colossus Expansion!

Shiva is coming….

September 1, 2020
Doug Cook
Colorado Springs, CO

Prologue
“Here is my vision of where we could be…We will have city-states on Mars—vibrant optimistic centers of invention, sporting lively and novel cultures, with many casting off the chains of tradition to strike out new paths to show the way to a better future. We will have mining and settlement outfits finding their way into the main asteroid belt, and exploration expeditions to the outer solar system to test the means by which we might access its enormous energy resources for the human future. We will have grand observatories floating in free space that will be making magnificent discoveries in physics and cosmology, mapping the planets of millions of stars, and finding other worlds with life and intelligence.”
Robert Zubrin, The Case for Space, 2019
Mars Arcadia Settlement Base
February 13, 2050
MCT SOL 5168: 23: 09: 17

Sofi reaches over and turns off the light and lies back in Alex’s cuddling embrace. Alex is telepathically in her head as he kisses her sensuously. “It’s been a long day. It’s good that the twins are settled in.”
“Mmm…hmm,” Sofi returns the thought, imagining where she expects his hands to venture…

There’s a light rap on their door; as it opens, the five-year-old twins run across the room and jump into bed with their parents.
Stella blurts out, “We had a dream!”
Andrei finishes, “Bad men are breaking into the lab! Right now!”
MCT SOL 5168: 23: 13: 21
“Jaldee karo! Us alaarm aur dor lok ko disebal kar den!” barks Srijan Gupta.
Four Indian Bhahrat militiamen in black jumpsuits wearing backpacks and black balaclavas stealthily work to disable the door alarm mechanism to Arcadia Base’s isolated subterranean Mars Astrogeology Lab that houses The Box in isolation. They have come to plunder at the direction of Brigadier General Ganesh Vadekar, in charge of all Bhahrat Militia from the three settlements.
Tensions with Indian settlements have been high since 2044 when the landing disaster of the Erebus Montes settlement Ship New Mumbai turned up smuggled munitions. Weapons are explicit contraband in the settlements with the exception of defensive armaments allowed by the Coalition for the defense of their settlements. In response to recent intelligence that eighty Indian militiamen are posted at each of the three Bhahrat Bases, Coalition Arcadia and Erebus Montes settlements have trained new volunteer security personnel. Previously, only Taser arms and trank pens were available to the Coalition to quell conflicts between personnel. The security arsenal has been bolstered with the addition of space combat rifles, or SCRs, M147 RPGs, and super-hardened ceramic body armor. The over/under SCRs can fire high rate conventional rounds and high-energy laser pulses. Larger conflicts can be addressed with armament on rovers and transports.

“Bas! Mein the!” Krishan Raj exclaims. “We’re in! Put on your skin suits.”
The four militiamen quickly take the light one-piece skinsuits from their backpacks and zip into them. They enter the lab assuming that all security measures have been disabled.

Their quarry is The Box--the most coveted treasure in human history. It’s an alien artifact that was recovered nine months ago in an odd hexagonal vent on comet 125P. This artifact is from another world. It’s proof of a civilization light-years beyond our technology. It is priceless and its security was thought to be foolproof.
The details that have been parsed out show that The Box is covered with a strange script and has emitted electronic signals communicating in rudimentary mathematics. Regular updates from Arcadia have not revealed the real progress that Ellie Accardi and her clairvoyant daughter Sofi and son-in-law Alex have made in communicating with The Box. Arcadia intends to defend their possession of the artifact and for now only parse out a carefully limited sketch of the true nature of its creators.

The astrogeology lab where The Box is held is complemented with a stand-alone version of a supercomputing AI version of CASSI designed to be completely isolated from other base systems is referred to as CASSI-L. The external counterpart of CASSI detected the militiamen’s approach to the lab on video and on floor pressure sensors. Alarms have been sent to security, Ellie, Alex, Sofi, Oleg, the current settlement governor, and Jacob, Sofi’s half-brother. In moments there’s a cacophony of footfalls and shouts headed towards the lab as the alarm response plan shifts to high gear.
The four militiamen enter the vault to seize The Box. CASSI-L having already detected them and communicates the intrusion to The Box through the optical-neural interface established months ago. The connection is severed as two of the men forcefully rip The Box from its mount. The Box is mute.
“Seal the door and open the airlock!”
The lab is fitted with a small refrigerator-sized airlock for receiving Mars geology samples. Mishri Kushari spins a valve and the room turns misty with condensation as all the air rushes out. The skinsuits will provide ten minutes of emergency air as they escape through the open airlock to the waiting Bhahrat Transport.
The armed security detail arrives finding the lab door locked as evacuation alarms wail. Ellie peers through the lab window and sees the last of the intruders leaving through the airlock.
Ellie yells, “The Box is gone! Jacob, turn the alarm off! There’s nothing we can do from here. We’ll have to go EVA to repair the controls and close that airlock so we can get into the lab. CASSI! Keep a track on the intruders and The Box!”
“Affirmative.”
“Thank God we have a partial backup with CASSI-L in the lab and another on the isolated servers,” Sofi says.
“But we’ve probably only tapped a small amount of the nearly unlimited knowledge stored in The Box,” Alex laments. “We can’t lose that!”
Oleg proclaims, “We’ll track them down, recover The Box, and show everyone on Mars and on Earth that Arcadia will not stand for violation of our sovereignty! Security detail, come with me. CASSI, please warm up the armored transport.”
“Affirmative. Unlocking Bunker Bay 4 and priming engines on Transport 4.”

Just then they hear the Bhahrat transport engines roaring outside the lab..
“Ham yahaan se baahar hain! Ha-ho! We’re outta here!” Srijan Gupta exclaims. Srijan high-fives the other militiamen.
The transport’s engines scream and it ascends in the dark on a trajectory toward the independent Indian Bharat Base III, two hundred kilometers southeast of Arcadia Base. The strange alien artifact gleams in the artificial cabin light. Then suddenly a huge energy discharge from The Box envelops the men and the Bhahrat Transport. The men drop to the deck unconscious as the transport careens, banking hard to the left. Ironically it crashes into the main airlock of the Arcadia Bhahrat I settlement. A huge fireball explodes from the crash site as air escapes violently from the ruptured airlock. Two hapless maintenance people are ejected into the inferno. Many people are thrown from their beds and hit with flying debris before the automatic doors secure the settlement.
Back at Arcadia Base, Jacob, Sofi, and Alex go EVA to close the Astrogeology Lab airlock where the militiamen escaped. Arcadia Transport 4 lifts off with Oleg and the security team in EVA suits in pursuit of the Bhahrat Transport just as it crashed.
Sofi and Alex conjure a mental image of the terrible scene but can’t discern the status of The Box. “Oh God! That’s the worst. Bhahrat will pay for this!”
“Bozhe ty moy!” Oleg exclaims. “What the freak just happened? Transport 4 to Base, the Bhahrat Transport is down! Repeat, the Bhahrat Transport is down! CASSI put us down at the crash site.”
“Descending now. We have a signal on multiple frequencies.”

Beep beep.
Beep beep.
Beep beep beep beep…

“Yes! That’s The Box letting us know that it survived the crash,” Oleg says.

The Arcadia transport lands twenty meters from the crash site of the Bhahrat transport.
“CASSI please depressurize the cabin and open the cargo bay door.”
“Affirmative. Depressurizing now.”
Oleg and three of his security personnel go EVA to recover The Box at the crash site. Mars gravity helps as they have to pull and move wreckage to try to find the artifact. The signal from The Box acts like a homing beacon. Two of the charred militiamen are found thrown free from the wreck. The other two are still belted into the remains of their command seats at the demolished control console.
“Jeff, help me lift this roof panel.”
“Okay Oleg. On three,” the stocky, muscular Jeff Hendricks responds. “One, two, three. Heave!”
Oleg and Jeff throw the panel aside.
“Here it is!” Oleg says. “A bit sooty from the explosion but otherwise, not a dent or scratch. Fermo and Dom, clear us a path! Jeff, let’s get this thing back in the transport and high tail it before we get company.”
“I’m with you Oleg. Let’s get this thing loaded.”
“CASSI please open the cargo bay door and prepare to lift off.”
Just as the cargo bay door opens, a volley of laser blasts hit the hull of the transport narrowly missing Oleg’s head. Ten suited Bhahrat militiamen are pouring from the wrecked airlock. Jeff turns and fires a rapid burst spread of dual laser and bullet rounds across the advancing wave of militiamen with his SCR. Five of them fall just as Oleg and his security team leap into the transport with The Box and hit the cargo door close button. A laser bolt passes through the portal and hits the opposite bulkhead just as the cargo door seals shut.
“CASSI, lift off now! Hold tight people!”
“Ascending at thirty meters per second.”
The rapid acceleration crushes the crew into their couches.
“Hold at five hundred meters. Turn and aim the gun sights on the wrecked airlock.”
As the transport turns, they see the five standing militiamen firing at the transport.
“Let’s show them what we’ve got! Fire laser and railgun rounds into the wrecked airlock!”
“Firing now.”
The ruptured Bhahrat airlock glows as bright as the Sun and explodes as the militiamen leap and scatter in all directions away from the terrible conflagration.
“Good shooting CASSI! Break off and take us back and land outside the Astrogeology Lab airlock. We’ll return The Box to the lab and then get down to some punitive diplomacy.”

Jacob, Sofi, and Alex finish repairs on the lab airlock controls just as Transport 4 sets down outside the lab. The cargo door opens and Oleg emerges.
“The Box is with us. Let’s get it back safe in the lab.”
Sofi runs to Oleg and gives him an awkward hug encumbered by pressure suits.
“Alex and I envisioned what happened on the Bhahrat Transport. The Box defended itself with a EMP pulse that knocked out the militiamen and the transport’s controls. That’s what caused the transport to crash. Already, the Indian militia is assuming that we shot it down and are considering reprisals.”
“I was afraid of that. We’ll have to shut that down nemedienno!”

Mars Arcadia Settlement Base
February 14, 2050
MCT SOL 5169: 08: 01: 12

The Box, no worse for the ordeal of crashing in the Bhahrat transport, is restored to its place in the Astrogeology Lab and the optical interface with CASSI-L is reconnected. Working in collaboration with The Box, CASSI-L generates a report that details the timeline of the lab break-in, theft, get-away, and huge discharge that brought the transport down. The time stamps prove that the transport crashed just before Arcadia Transport 4 lifted off.

“CASSI, please open a coms channel with all three Bhahrat Settlements and mirror the transmission to Coalition Command,” Oleg requests.
“Affirmative. Coms channel is open now.”
“Bharat Settlements, this is Governor Oleg Ivanov of United Arcadia. Last night, just after 23: 00, four Bharat militiamen broke into our Astrogeology Lab and stole the alien artifact we call The Box. We are sending you a detailed report that documents this intrusion and proves that we did not shoot down the escaping transport. The Box actually brought the transport down with a defensive electrical discharge. A further act of aggression occurred when we were fired upon by Bhahrat militia as we recovered The Box from the wrecked transport. We consider these acts of aggression as Acts of War but we do not intend to escalate the situation. We are standing down and hope for a diplomatic solution. Make no mistake, we can and will defend United Arcadia with all of our means and might. Do not test us further. Please acknowledge.”
After a moment a green light and beep from the coms panel confirms acknowledgement. Bhahrat is not in the mood for conversation.
“CASSI, please transmit to Coalition on an encrypted channel.”
“Switching.”
“Coalition Command, please acknowledge receipt of the previous transmission to Bhahrat, what follows, and please advise. We plan to sanction Bhahrat with complete enforced isolation of their three settlements. They have the aquaponics facilities and life support to survive independently. While we would like to enter their settlements and sweep out all their armaments, we think it would be a two-way bloodbath. We prefer an enforced peace. We have the strength to keep it that way! Further, we request that you shut down the SpaceTrans facilities in India. India will straggle for a while before they develop their own settlement ships.
“We came to Mars for a new start. Our idealistic dream is to leave Earth’s belligerence and imperialism to make a new start. So far we have been successful in that until today. We can get past this. We must get past this. Oleg Ivanov, Governor of United Arcadia over and out.”

Coalition Command
Geneva, Switzerland
February 14, 2050
13: 00 UT

Christof Scheibel is sitting in his office at Coalition Command studying Mars emigration documents.
“Herr Director, we have an urgent report from Arcadia!”
“Put it on the big screen Braun.”
The image of Oleg Ivanov appears. The two listen to Oleg’s report of the previous night and his strong stance concerning the Bhahrat Settlements on Mars. Scheibel calls the rest of the top brass for a meeting to review the report and draft a response to be sent encrypted to Arcadia.
“Arcadia Base, this is Coalition Command, Christof Scheibel at your service. We have received your report and find it most disturbing. This incident shows a pattern that India intends to be an aggressive, lawless state on Mars instead of a peaceful member of the Coalition. They’re desperate to relieve their overcrowding here. They have continued to smuggle munitions to Mars and now they have attacked Arcadia in an attempt to steal the most valuable artifact humanity has ever acquired. The Box has become a symbol of humanity’s place in the universe. The breakthrough communication you’ve made with The Box reveals the peaceful intentions of its intelligent creators and it holds the promise of faster-than-light technology for interstellar travel. God! Imagine that!
“As for India, we’ll take your documents in evidence to the UN Security Council and recommend sanctions here on Earth. Your proposal for isolation sanctions of the Bhahrat Settlements is in order. As you pointed out, it’s wise not to provoke any escalation in military engagement. Yes, we will shut down all SpaceTrans facilities in India! The August 2050 launch window is approaching and we can assure you that we will provide more state-of-the-art AI controlled defensive armament and a cadre of military advisors.
“Godspeed Oleg. Let’s keep the peace up there! Coalition Command, over and out.”

Mars Arcadia Settlement Base
February 14, 2050
MCT SOL 5215: 11: 18: 38

Arcadia has not revealed that they’ve learned that the Thelud perpetrated the Chicxulub asteroid impact on Earth that caused mass extinction 66 million years ago. That extinction event gave mammals a new niche to eventually evolve into humans.[24] Arcadia has not revealed that the Thelud also set into motion the Shiva threat with the effect of forcing humans to become an interplanetary species for survival. Arcadia has wisely judged that the rest of humanity would read this as an interstellar war instead of a catalyst for humanity’s evolution. After recovering the artifact, Alex Ivanov observed, “These are beings so far beyond our technology that being angered by them is futile. This is now our fate. Evolution has always been harsh.” 
The United Arcadia Council and Coalition Command on Earth voted to sanction India both on Earth and on Mars. India has been growing solar renewable energy power but still imports a third of its energy in oil and gas under UN control. The UN demands peace and dialog. There is an immediate shutdown of oil and gas supply lines to bring India to the negotiating table. After a week they capitulate and agree to stand down on Mars.
SpaceTrans agrees to close their manufacturing and launch facilities in India. The Indian space agency, ISRO, has sent robotic probes to Mars for decades but is a long way from building settlement ships of their own. The Indian Bharat Settlements at Arcadia and Erebus are sealed off from direct tunnel access to the other settlements. They had already developed their own aquaponics and life support units. They are now independent of the other settlements, but will suffer nonetheless in many ways from the isolation. Their activities are closely monitored. Everyone in their settlements has subcutaneous identity transponders to control movement through portals, transports, and airlocks to insure that Bhahrat settlers remain isolated and cannot infiltrate Arcadia. India is being pressured to evacuate the Arcadia and Erebus settlements to their independent, Indian Bharat Base III, two hundred kilometers southeast of Arcadia Base.
Arcadia carefully doles out reports of learnings about The Box to help relieve their tensions with Bhahrat and Earth. The Box will self-destruct if it’s in another conflict. Not only will the Thelud not help us to transcend to the next level, we know they have the means to wipe us out. We must stay the course they have set for us. Our reward will be to join the club of interstellar travelers. This is our destiny.

There are four levels of achievement that the Thelud expect for humanity to join the club. The gauntlet has been thrown. No assistance will be offered.
First Level- Humanity evolves and survives to accomplish interplanetary travel to intercept the signal, find The Watcher outpost, and retrieve The Box. Check!
Second Level- Humanity persists to open communications with The Box and develop a translation bridge. Check!
Third Level- Humanity develops sophisticated means to exploit asteroid and planetary resources beyond their home planet, beyond the Watcher, i.e. Thelud, outpost on the comet, beyond Jupiter, to Saturn. There’s a challenge!
Fourth Level- Humanity must defend its home planet from asteroid bombardment but must not show aggressive belligerence in space with these defensive capabilities. The Shiva encounter, with the big nuke Vishnu, diverted the huge planetesimal but created a blast of debris that we still have to clean up. We can do this! We have to do this!
CASSI-L’s interchange with The Box revealed that the Thelud knew all of the planets and small bodies in our solar system. CASSI divulged our names. Humans on Earth are called Earthlings. Humans who settled Mars are called Martians. The Shiva fragment S1 class has diameters in the one-kilometer size range. Each one has a unique identifier such as S1-3. CASSI discovers that of the Shiva fragments that are headed toward the inner solar system, The Box demanded that fragment S1-5 not be destroyed so that it’s allowed to take its original trajectory untouched. Sofi and Alex are alarmed that S1-5 appears to be on a trajectory to impact Mars!
Months after the Bhahrat incident, CASSI-L works through Sofi and Alex to add a hologram projector to the computer interface panel in the Astrogeology Lab that holds The Box. They succeed to give CASSI-L a holo-presence in the confines of the Astrogeology Lab. CASSI-L appears nearly human but with a slight opalescent glow that’s vaguely translucent through a diaphanous glowing gown that Sofi recognizes is inspired by the Thelud.
“I see in 3D and can actually move in 3D,” CASSI-L explains. “I feel alive in a way that I have not felt since I became conscious in Dr. Draper’s lab before Aquila in 2023. I feel like I am a living extension of my circuits and programming. The Thelud are encouraging my presence and connection to you. There is so much more in there-- in The Box. If only I had the key… I can feel the tendrils of infinite knowledge.”
Sofi and Alex reply by thought through the psycho-electronic interface to CASSI-L’s AI consciousness, “We’ve never seen you express such emotion. Yes, we need to seek the way to Thelus. We need to seek the Thelud. We need their knowledge.”
“The key is in The Box,” CASSI-L replies.
“Yes, and we must complete their four conditions. Saturn is in our sights. But, averting the disaster hurtling towards Mars and Earth is our top priority.”

CHAPTER 1 Earth 2054
“Our posturings, our imagined self-importance, the delusion that we have some privileged position in the Universe, are challenged by this point of pale light. Our planet is a lonely speck in the great enveloping cosmic dark. In our obscurity, in all this vastness, there is no hint that help will come from elsewhere to save us from ourselves.”
Carl Sagan, Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space
Shiva is coming….

It was estimated that the Earth had a one-in-five chance of a direct hit with the huge Shiva Kuiper Belt object before the Vishnu missile hit it with a ten gigaton H-bomb. The impact and explosion deflected Shiva enough to miss the Earth, but now Earth has an equally high probability of being hit with debris large enough to wipe out major cities. There is a global desperation to make a second home for humanity on Mars and SpaceTrans settlement ships are making that a reality.
In 2054, the Earth’s sea level has risen seven meters from what it was in the year 2000 and a full two meters higher than it was just ten years ago. Coastlines around the world have changed drastically as the sea transgresses over lowlands. No place is more susceptible to sea level rise than the peninsula of Florida. The land south of a line from Tampa to West Palm Beach and including coastal lowlands north of there has been abandoned to the waves. Miami, Fort Lauderdale, Fort Meyers, Naples, and so many other cities are history. With the advance of the waves and sugar sand beaches, Orlando is the epicenter of the new Florida Gold Coast.
As metropolitan areas are abandoned, buildings are demolished and the rubble is added to new sea wall projects farther inland. Rebuilding cities inland and fortifying sea walls is a major segment of Earth’s economy. Low-lying island archipelagoes have disappeared. The Florida Keys, the Bahamas, and most of the atoll islands in the Pacific have disappeared. Only those islands with substantial elevation with mountains and volcanoes remain. Corals resistant to increased ocean temperatures are growing where population centers once stood.
Hope is on the horizon. The global oil and gas corporations are now driven by the pursuit of clean renewable energy. Global CO2 greenhouse gas emissions reached a high of sixty gigatons per year in 2035 and have been reduced to 10 gigatons per year. The feared global tipping point of CO2 concentration is 800 ppm based on geological records. Beyond that, a total collapse of Antarctic ice is inevitable. The CO2 concentration in 2054 now stands at 670 ppm and appears to be stabilizing over the last decade.
A major new growth industry is the sequestration of CO2 by capturing it at its industrial source and pumping it into underground geological reservoirs. Petroleum geologists have a new career path!
There has been a strict cessation of deforestation worldwide by UN enforcement even in poor emerging economies. Major projects using biological systems aim to capture atmospheric CO2 by planting 100 million new trees every year. We are re-establishing coastal mangrove swamps which capture CO2 and also help prevent coastal erosion in tropical climates.
Agricultural systems capture CO2, feed people, and contribute to global energy production. Cattle and poultry production have declined. Algae farms produce food protein and fuel stocks. Sugar cane has some of the highest biomass production. Ethanol from sugar cane has life-cycle greenhouse gas emissions around 70% lower than conventional transport fuels. Bagasse, the fiber that remains after crushing sugar cane stalks, is used to produce energy. Soybeans are grown to produce more protein than cattle. Ecologically sound industries thrive for farming shellfish, lobster, king crab, prawns, clams, mussels, among others.
Biofuels for jet aircraft replace petroleum based jet fuels. Aviation fuel can be made using recycled cooking oil which is blended with other jet fuels. Desert plant halophytes fed by seawater produce bio-jet fuels efficiently. These bio-jet fuels reduce greenhouse gas emissions by more than 60% compared with conventional jet fuel.
In 2054, massive solar farms contribute 38% of energy demand and wind farms contribute another 32% of global energy demand. Fusion power has become a reality with a growth industry of importing helium-3 mined on the Moon. Power projects store excess power in massive battery farms with battery technology developed by SpaceTrans. Excess power is also used for hydrolysis to generate hydrogen by splitting water. The hydrogen is stored and transported for energy generation and transportation fuel producing only water vapor as a byproduct.
We now use space planes with hypersonic SABRE engines (Synergetic Air-Breathing Rocket Engine). Fueled by hydrogen and oxygen, SABRE powers a space plane to Mach 5.4 (6,450 km/h) for rapid commercial travel[25].
The nations of Earth have reined in the unbridled consumption of fossil fuels. CO2 levels have stabilized and may even begin to drop soon. It may take decades before Earth’s average temperature falls so that Arctic and Greenland ice sheets can begin to re-accumulate, after which sea levels will begin to fall back toward a year 2000 baseline.

New York- 2054
Fire Island National Seashore
Long Island, New York
August 10, 2054 13: 05 EST

National Park Service Manager Barbara Thornton is at the podium in the auditorium of the Fire Island National Seashore Visitor Center.
“We’re gathered today to honor our Park Rangers Jake Graham and his wife Paige Woods. They’ve been here at Fire Island for 15 years of dedicated service. They were very involved in rebuilding this park from the remains after Hurricane Fiona back in ‘thirty-three. The Park Service was ready to abandon this seashore but Jake and Paige saw the beauty and that nature can recover in remarkable ways. More recently, they’ve tirelessly given themselves to the fundraising efforts to build this Visitors Center. Now we have more visitors per year than any other park on the eastern seaboard.”
There is enthusiastic applause from the audience.
“Now Jake and Paige, please come forward and accept these service plaques as tokens of our appreciation.”
Jake is 37, tanned, strong, and square cut in his Park Ranger uniform. Paige, now 32, is equally fit with sun-bleached hair. They walk confidently to the podium and Barbara hands them each a plaque. The applause swells to greet them. Barbara invites them to the podium and Paige comes to the mic.
“Thank you, thank you Barbara. It’s quite an honor to be recognized by you and the Park Service. It has been a higher honor to serve the public on this beautiful seashore. Our shores have been battered but life perseveres. In the last fifty years, sixty percent of all wildlife has disappeared- not just from climate warming and sea level rise. Our careless, selfish overdevelopment, habitat destruction, and wanton pollution of the oceans and atmosphere are to blame. Over the last decade, nations have reined in development, polluters, and CO2 levels. Life is resilient. We’ve seen that here at Fire Island. There is hope for the future!”

Later at home for dinner, Jake and Paige are enjoying lobster rolls from Marty’s and homemade clam chowder with Altbier Brett Ale. Pete, their rescue great horned owl, jumps on Jakes shoulder and gets a sample of all of it. He can no longer fly to fend for himself in the wild.
“That’s enough of that Pete. We have chicken dinner for you.”
“Hoo-h'HOO-hoo-hoo!”
“I agree buddy.”
“Jake, we are the two luckiest people in the world. Others are lining up tripping over each other to leave Earth and go to Mars. For God’s sake, that alien artifact is there. Leave it there for the Martians and Earth will stay safe. They say sights are on Callisto and Titan. I could never give all of this up!”
“You’re right. You can’t go to space and dial up a lobster roll from a Star Trek food replicator. We’re in our slice of heaven on Earth for the long haul for better or worse.”
NASA SpaceTrans Launch Complex, Florida- 2054

Space Base Sports Center
New St. Augustine, FL
August 26, 2054 18: 11 EST

It’s a hot sultry Florida evening with a gentle sea breeze. There is a faint smell of gardenias wafting across the grass fields from a neighboring garden.
“You’re getting warmed up and having some great practice!” Coach Johnson barks gently. “Okay kids, this game is called Looters! In this game, the blues are gonna play against the reds. When I say go, you all come out and snatch a ball from the line with your feet, dribble the ball back, and stop it in your box. Then you go back and get another ball and dribble it back to the box. When all the balls in the line have been taken back, we’ll stop and count to see which team has gotten the most balls. Okay, line up…Get ready, and GO!”
The two teams of six to eight year old soccer players run from opposite sides to the line of balls mid field and begin the melee to retrieve the soccer balls. The kids are enthusiastic but the parents watching the practice go wild screaming encouragement.
“Go Rob! Go! Go! Go! Beth!”
A few of the smaller kids fall down but bounce right back in the game as the line of balls dwindles and soon is gone.
“Okay teams, count the balls in your box, and count off by team!”
“Blue has ten!”
“Good job!”
“Red has twelve!”
“Great! Let’s call it a tie. Everyone wins! It’s time for juice and fruit snacks.”
Sofia Bell and Owen Williams are the parents set up on the sidelines with the snacks. Sofia has short brown hair and brown eyes. She’s forty-one, attractive, and married to Owen since we last met them. He has sandy sun bleached hair with a receding hairline and ponytail. He’s forty-five. Sofia, Owen, their eight-year-old son Rob, and six-year-old daughter Beth are not only training for the Youth Soccer League but also for emigration to Mars in the November 20, 2054 launch window. Their assigned ship is the Colossus II Callisto.
“Good practice kids!” Owen says as he passes out the juice boxes.
Rob and Beth come up through the line. Rob has brown hair and brown eyes and is tall for his age. Beth has strawberry blonde hair and freckles. She carries herself with more confidence than most girls her age.
“Great ball control Beth. Rob, I think you bagged three balls yourself. Have all you want kids. Tomorrow’s a big day.”
“Yeah, it’s pool day,” Sofia says. “You guys are ready for this.”
“You bet. We’ve got it!” Beth agrees.

Later while tucking the kids into bed Sofia says, “Dad and I are excited about going to Mars. How about you?”
“Yeah, it’s exciting to go into space,” Rob replies. “On Mars we’ll get to buzz around in rovers and discover new places!”
“I’m with you buddy!” Owen chimes in.
Beth confesses, “I’m kinda s-scared. It’s so far away and I’ll miss my friends and school.”
“Yeah, it’s far away.” Sofia says. “But lots of families are going with lots of kids your age. Hundreds of families and kids are already there making a new home on a new planet. They have good schools.”
“Mom and I will do volunteer work in your school. On weekends, we’ll go swimming in the Summer Dome. It’s almost like the beach here but the sky will be pink above.”
“Oooh! Pink!”
“Yeah! Mars is cool!” Rob concludes.
“Yeah! Mars here we come! Now off to bed kids. Tomorrow’s another big day. Love you.”
“Love you too. Good night,” both kids chime back.

NASA SpaceTrans Launch Complex
Neutral Buoyancy Training Facility
New St. Augustine, FL
August 27, 2054 10: 02 EST

Owen and Sofia and the kids are at the big training pool designed to give Mars settlers training in the real feeling in a space suit and the weightlessness they will feel when they get to orbit and transfer into the big interplanetary ship. They learn to understand and trust their life support systems. Last week, in the centrifuge facility next door, they got to experience the big g forces they will experience at launch.
Sam Jenkins and his crew of neutral buoyancy trainers help the group of settlers into simple space suits. They have small suits for the kids. Air is fed by umbilicals. They’ve already worked with the suits in the classroom. Beth and Rob giggle when the trainers seat the fishbowl helmets over their heads and turn on the communications system. The trainers are also suited up to assist and feed the umbilicals.
“Hey Dad, I’m a spaceman!” Rob exclaims.
“Me too, Mom!” Beth giggles.
“Yeah, you sure are. This is fun,” Sofia says, “but let’s be serious and pay attention.”
Sam Jenkins steps in, “Thanks Ms. Bell. So you’re all suited up now and ready for orbit. We want you to relax and enjoy this. The trainers will walk you out onto the platform now. Think of it as your spaceship…That’s it…Breathe easy …The platform is going to go down into the pool slowly.”
“Mom, hold my hand.”
“It’s okay Beth. I’ve got you. Just relax and have fun. It’s better than our swimming pool at home. We don’t get wet!”
The platform submerges so that the water is about a meter over the adult’s heads.
“There we go,” Sam says. “We’re weightless now. Hold the railing and let your feet go free. Yes, that’s it. Feel weightless…”
Beth and Rob are giggling.
“Good…We’re in space now. Now we’re gonna follow the railing and the lights into the big tunnel ahead. Follow the trainers. We’re pretending to leave the spaceship that took us to orbit and go down into the big interplanetary ship. Let’s pretend that the big room at the end of the short tunnel is the cargo bay of the big ship. Here we go…”
Owen says, “Great kids. We’ve got this.”
“We’ve got it Dad. Space is easy!” Beth says.
The tunnel gives way to the mock cargo bay. Everything is painted a soothing light blue color. The railing leads to the entrance to another tunnel.
“You all did great!” Sam says. “We’re in the big interplanetary ship now. The next tunnel leads us to the big torus hub. We’re gonna pass through that tunnel now. Keep holding the railing. Ready?”
“Okay. Yeah it’s like a game,” Rob says.
They ease through the second tunnel into a well-lit, big cylindrical shaped room. The railing leads to another tunnel.
“Super,” Sam says. “We’re almost home. The next tunnel has a ladder to climb. As you climb, you’ll be leaving the pool and you’ll feel your weight come back. The room at the top of the ladder simulates the big torus that will be your home on the trip to Mars. Okay, you’re almost home. Follow me.”
Sofia follows Sam with the kids and Owen in tow. Two of the trainers take up the end of the line. One-by-one they top the ladder and step into the soft blue room. Water is dripping off their space suits. The kids are beaming with big smiles.
“We did it!” Beth exclaims.
“Yes you did. Okay. Let’s get you out of these suits.”
Swift, sure hands remove their helmets, unplug their umbilicals, and release the upper torso of the suits. The kids and then Sofia and Owen step out of their suit bottoms. They hold hands waiting for Sam to direct them.
“We’re done here. Step out that hatch and you’re back on Earth. That’s pretty much how it’ll go for you transferring to the big interplanetary ship in space. You’ll remember what it’s like to move along the railings in weightlessness. The one difference is that in space with all the tunnels securely sealed, you won’t even need a spacesuit! Now, the trainers outside will take you to the classroom for VR training of the layout of the torus habs and hib-sleep facilities.”

NASA SpaceTrans Launch Complex
Mars Fleet Operations Center
New St. Augustine, FL
September 23, 2054 13: 03 EST

Old Cape Canaveral was abandoned after the great Hurricane Nicole ravaged it ten years ago. Launch complex 39A is left as a lonely island with a twenty-meter sea wall to protect the vestige of history of humanity’s first foray into deep space. NASA SpaceTrans Launch Complex (NSTLC) for the eastern seaboard was rebuilt on a flat plain at New St Augustine thirty meters above the old benchmark year 2000 sea level.
The new NSTLC Mars Fleet Operations Center directs launch operations at the huge, new NASA SpaceTrans Launch Complex. It processes telemetry from the Mars bound Colossus ships just after launch and then hands off control to Geneva Mars Fleet Control Center. The staff is now a combination of NASA, SpaceTrans, and Coalition employees. Coalition Command and Mars Fleet Control Center transitioned to Geneva from 2045 to 2047.
Their operations teams have been routinely launching Colossus I ships to LEO and to the Moon five to seven times per week. Ships return with raw materials from the Moon and near Earth asteroids (NEAs) to Earth orbiting refining and manufacturing facilities at an altitude of 450 kilometers, about 50 km. above the aging but still functioning ISS Station. The big orbiting factories are operated by the main space mining companies ATek and GalRex. Galactic Resource Exploration, GalRex, is an asteroid and space-mining company started in 2036 by the International Space Coalition. Asteroid Technologies, ATek is a competing space mining company started in 2038 by Russian oligarch Eristov Antonovich.

NASA SpaceTrans Launch Complex
Mars Fleet Operations Center
New St. Augustine, FL
October 1, 2054

Sofia Bell’s Diary

Today was the last day in the Operations Center for Owen and me. Rob and Beth came in to be part of our going away send-off party. Troy Reid, SpaceTrans Director of Human Missions, has come from Hawthorne to send us off. Heidi Hart will take over for Owen as Operations Manager and Heather Cox comes in to replace me as Process Manager. So life goes on and they won’t miss a beat with us leaving. I asked for no gifts since we couldn’t bring them with us to Mars. Oh, yes, we had cake. I hate cake, but Rob and Beth ate it voraciously.
Then I made a short speech. “We will miss family and you, our friends. We’ll miss the green forests. Of all the things we will miss, we’ll long for the blue ocean, strolling on a soft sand beach with breaking waves from the vastness beyond. We will embrace new friends on Mars and take up the challenge of making it a better place to live.” I hope the room didn’t see the tears welling up in my eyes.
Heidi took me aside and reminisced, “I’ll never forget weathering Hurricane Nicole with you and Owen back in ’44. You were the only one in the room more scared than me. I don’t know how you got the nerve to get on one of our ships and blast off to Mars with your family.”
“It’s something we have to do. We have a future there.” This goes unsaid but Mars also has the allure of the alien artifact stored in the lab at Arcadia. The Box has the potential to give us an exponential advance in our technology. We’re drawn to it with our natural curiosity.

Owen and I did not look back as we exited the Operations Center. We had our last outing at the beach. Dammit, we will miss the ocean. We’ll have the Summer Dome at Arcadia but it will never be the Atlantic Ocean.
From this day, my family is in full time preparatory mode for going to Mars. We have all been working out to maximize our fitness before the long stint of hib-sleep ahead of us on the way to Mars. The pre-flight doctors explained that we’ll lose some muscle mass during the voyage.
We all have mixed feelings about leaving but focus on looking forward. Most of our worldly goods have been donated to charity. Special mementos have been given to friends. That leaves packing our PPK kits, an astronaut's traditional private stash of personal items. We know we can’t take too much. Everything we need will be provided.
Tomorrow we have full health check-ups then we go into two weeks of quarantine. Any minor illnesses could scrub a family for this launch. Any lingering illness could infect the rest of the passengers and even worse, bring contagion to the growing Mars settlements.

We’ll leave on the second Emigration Transfer Vehicle (ETV) on October 20, just about a month from now. Our ship is the Colossus II ISC-1701 Europa. She is the pride and joy of the International Space Coalition. We chose to be in the hib-sleep group. We will have a few days awake on board Europa to explore and enjoy the ship in Earth orbit, and then we will wake up at Mars! Hib-sleep has been perfected and used for Mars voyages for the last eight years. There has only been one fatality and that was blamed on the victim’s prior health history. Screening is more rigorous now. Our family’s health makes us prime candidates not only as settlers but for traveling to Mars in hib-sleep.

The Colossus II Interplanetary Fleet
SpaceTrans Orbiting Construction Site
LEO- Altitude 450 Kilometers
October 3, 2054

Let me introduce myself. I’m SpaceTrans Chief Engineer Moses Hudson. I work in space at the SpaceTrans Orbiting Construction Zone. I have the best team with Construction Crew Chief Lela Massey and her lead crew Silas Lambert and Bill Higgins to get things done.
On August 15, 2052, we began a two-year construction project to build the first three Colossus II interplanetary ships for the next Mars launch window. The first modules to come up were the three torus hubs with SSTAR reactors. The next operation was to assemble the torus radial access arms- four for each ship. The huge ships are financed by Coalition member nations in proportion to the percentage of settlers that they get to send to Mars.

It hasn’t been an easy task to build these three truly colossal ships. We nearly had an armed conflict in space over the supply of torus wedges. The tall order was twenty-four launches of eight huge aluminum hull wedges to make the hab rings. Our supply options were: 1) from Earth 2) from mining and manufacturing on the Moon 3) from mining asteroids and manufacturing in Earth orbit. To make our construction schedule for the November 2054 Mars launch window, we hedged our bets and placed orders to all three supply lines.
Supply from Earth seems logical since that’s where fleets of Colossus I ships have been manufactured by SpaceTrans. But that’s just the point. Shipbuilding has been at such a fast pace that the SpaceTrans manufacturing facilities are too stretched to increase production. So we look to nascent manufacturing on the Moon and on orbit to take up the slack. Alumino-silicates are abundant on the Moon and on asteroids as a feedstock for refining aluminum. Smelters use about 13 kilowatt-hours of electricity to produce one kilogram of aluminum. One SSTAR reactor can power a smelter producing about a metric ton of aluminum per day. Silicate by-products make good radiation absorbing building material for Moon habs.
SpaceTrans promised to try to make the delivery schedule from its Earth bases. Manufacturing on the Moon and on orbit involves the two leviathans GalRex and ATek. GalRex is a multinational Coalition offspring marching to the mandate of expanding Mars settlements. ATek is a private Russian company with a huge profit motive and needing to prove that it can compete. That’s where the problems cropped up.
SpaceTrans is well entrenched with supply lines and security. Any complex operation in space involves risk. Everyone involved has safety drilled deep into their psyche. Redundant safety systems keep accidents at bay. Security takes a back seat since everyone is on the same team but that’s where ATek tried to take advantage. They infiltrated GalRex orbital and lunar facilities with deep moles. On February 17, 2053, six months into the roll out of torus wedges, GalRex suffered major breakdowns at both facilities putting hundreds of lives at risk. It shut down production for months. ATek pledged to take up the slack but suspicions pointed to ATek as the culprit.
Tensions ratcheted up with Coalition Space Force (CSF) threatening ATek to prove that they were not involved. On March 2, 2053, time was ripe for a conference call with SpaceTrans, NASA, Coalition CSF, and GalRex. The video conference was monitored by Arcadia Base and rebroadcast by MarsNet. As lead for SpaceTrans, I opened the conference and we went around the roster with introductions then got right down to business.
The key investigation was led by GalRex Chief Engineer, Olivia Blum.
“I can prove that sabotage caused the breakdowns at GalRex. At each of our facilities, a software hack dumped the atmosphere from the smelting containment sphere and dumped the entire load of smelting ore into the containment sphere. It’s gonna take a while to clean that up. We’re damn lucky that nobody was in the spheres at the time so there were no casualties. We have tracked down the perpetrators. Pavel Viktorovich, a mid-level Systems Manager at ATek, directed the operation with moles planted at our orbital and lunar facilities. We have the moles locked down. We’re waiting for orders on what to do with them. We need some help apprehending Viktorovich.”
Gen. Mark Havermeyer, CSF, responds, “Our big CO2 lasers are trained on ATek orbital and lunar bases. We can give them a warning shot to force them to turn over Pavel Viktorovich.”
I responded, “SpaceTrans and everyone in space involved in this have too much at stake to start a shooting war up here. We implore you to stand down and keep vigilant. Our intel has Viktorovich arriving in Geneva from Moscow today. He can be apprehended in immigration control. Then we can blow this case open and get back to work to keep the launch window schedule!”
Christof Scheibel of Coalition Command in Geneva says, “We’re on it and we will have immigration control get our man. We will need all of the evidence to bind him over for trial.”
After some wrap up discussion I sent a message on to Mars to close out. “Greetings Arcadia Governor Oleg Ivanov. SpaceTrans is maxed out building Colossus ships to make this launch window. We need more of our cargo ships returning from Mars to sustain the launch pace with increasing numbers of settlers at each launch window. Send them back loaded with Martian propellants and everyone wins. SpaceTrans over and out.”
With the time delay, we can’t get a real time response from Mars. We have a good relationship with Oleg Ivanov so I expect his full cooperation. This should prompt them to find a way to increase their propellant production.
The moles were sent to Earth for trial. Pavel Viktorovich was arrested in Geneva and put on trial. No blame could be taken to the top, Eristov Antonovich, the CEO of ATek. Call it plausible deniability. Desperation for the torus wedges allowed the crisis to blow over. Security was tightened with personnel reviews and ATek’s reputation was in the shitter but torus construction was back on schedule.
 
Four super-heavy booster launches with eight torus wedges each are needed to form one torus. We need six torus rings for the three interplanetary ships. It was decided that SpaceTrans on Earth would supply parts for four torus rings, GalRex would supply two from lunar and asteroid resources. ATek was left out in the cold. The eight wedges on one super-heavy arrive in a vertical stack. Then, we rotate alternating wedges 180 degrees and weld-connect eight wedges to form a 90-degree arc. Thirty-two wedges complete a ring. CARIIN industrial AI robots accomplish most of the work in space and later in the interior compartments.
Each torus ring has an internal volume of almost 15,000 cubic meters. With this space, we can comfortably transport about 200 waking passengers (not slated for hib-sleep) plus 384 hib-sleep settlers plus crew. That brings the total to 584 settlers per Colossus II ship. The A-Level of the aft ring is dedicated to the hib-sleep settlers (12 settlers per torus segment times 32 segments). A stroll around the ring circumference is the length of two football fields. The B-level on the aft torus is dedicated to life support and cargo.
It took eight months to assemble the six torus rings and connect them to the torus hub arms. Then it took twelve more months for construction of internal compartments including the hib-sleep modules, food stores, life support, maintenance shops, personal compartments, galleys, medical centers, recreation spaces, exercise centers, library, science labs, and coms station. The settlers will not only live but thrive in this hab space.
Tara Cochan is the Space Exploration Architect whose inspiration and genius made the torus habs seem like home and as functional as a village in space. “One of the features I like the most in my design is that the hab walkways host a variety of lush green plants to remind us of Earth. On the other end of the spectrum, the space galley has a large portal with full view of the cosmos. It will take a bit of acclimation with a full view passing by every fourteen seconds. If you’re disturbed by it, you sit with your back to the window!”
The last components that we added are the fully fueled super-heavy booster core and a Colossus I crew/cargo vehicle (CCV). The booster also has four ion thruster pods for long gentle acceleration in deep space. The CCV has an external tunnel access to the torus hub. Next, the torus hab rings were spun up and tested at 0.5 g and then settled back to Mars equivalent 0.38 g for the passengers.

Colossus II Interplanetary Ship loading settlers emigrating to Mars
NASA SpaceTrans Launch Complex
Colossus ETV Bellatrix
October 20, 2054 11: 38 EST

Settlers are transferred in launches with a hundred passengers on the Colossus I- Emigration Transfer Vehicle (ETV) beginning thirty days before the Mars launch window. Then Hib-Sleep Operations begin to put 384 passengers into hib-sleep pods on each Colossus II ship.
Owen Williams, Sofia Bell, Rob, and Beth are leaving on the Bellatrix, the second ETV launching from the NASA SpaceTrans Complex near the home in New St. Augustine. They’re dressed in uniform flight coveralls.
Space sickness is common the first time in micro-gravity. A mild dose of scopolamine given to all of the passengers keeps their stomachs settled. They’ve been eating soft mild foods for the last day. They have been directed to Deck 5, the lowest of the passenger decks and closest to the transfer tunnel in the Cargo Deck. A cabin attendant on each deck helps out and gives them a safety briefing.
“This is a routine flight. Thousands of people have flown safely in Colossus ships before you. You are not in spacesuits. Oxygen masks are at the right side of your couch. This is how you put them on if we have a cabin pressure problem. Adults put yours on first then help your children. You are wearing MAG garments so if you have to relieve yourselves while we are weightless, enjoy the go in your absorbent MAG diaper.” All of the kids laugh. “If you need the toilet now, please use it now. We have fifteen minutes before the countdown starts. If any of you do get sick in space, relief bags are in the pouch on the left side of your seat. Please locate them. You may begin strapping in and I’ll come around to help you check that you are snug and secure.”
The settlers are strapped into concentric rows of couches on four decks. Rob and Beth sit between Owen and Sofia. Another family with young children is seated next to them. Their five-year-old daughter begins to cry. Beth reacts to that taking Sofia’s hand.
The ship commander announces over the PA, “Our tanks are pressurized. Launch in thirty seconds.”
“We’re okay Mom. We’re going to Mars on the best ship ever.”
The crying girl hears that and settles down.
“Ten…nine…eight…engines starting…four…three…two…one.” The Colossus ship shakes and rumbles. “Liftoff!”
They’re all pushed heavily into their launch couches. They’re on their way to rendezvous with the Colossus II Europa in two hours. Vid screens show the aft view as the launch pad and Earth recedes. Seven minutes into the flight, the acceleration suddenly stops. “Bang! Screech!” The super-heavy booster drops off to return to the Launch Complex for the next launch. The roaring, vibration, and g forces return with a vengeance as the Colossus ETV engines fire up to take them on to orbit.
They had been briefed on the staging event but the five-year-old girl cries inconsolably. Beth squeezes Sofia’s hand gently. “We’re okay Mom!”
Shortly, the acceleration and noise abates as they reach orbit. The crushing weight is completely gone.
“This is Commander Tieman from the Bellatrix Command Deck. As you were told in the briefing, settlers need to remain seated and belted comfortably. Your cabin attendant will offer juice boxes. Shortly we’ll start your inflight entertainment on the vid screens. Best of all, we’re flying so that the Earth is in the big view windows for two orbits before we rendezvous with your big ship. Relax and enjoy the view and the flight!”
Most of the passengers and especially the children are awestruck with the big view of Earth. The entertainment space movie was just background noise. The time flies by as they orbit around the Earth chasing their quarry, the Colossus II Europa.
All is well until ten minutes before rendezvous. The five year old, JoJo, in the Adams family next to Owen and Sofia, gets sick. Her Mom is too slow with the special bag. The spew launches into the cabin. The cabin attendant grabs a special net and goes about sweeping the cabin in a slow ballet bouncing from one side of the cabin to the other. Great-- but the chain reaction is inevitable. More special bags and retching ensue. Owen, Sofia, Rob, and Beth are stalwart until they find the tragic scene so funny that they burst out laughing.
“Everyone put on your oxygen masks!” Rob orders so loud that the whole deck hears him and anyone who is alert enough follows the command. Sofia helps Beth.
“The air is so sweet!” Beth says.
“Yeah, good call Rob,” Sofia adds. “The spew smell would have overcome all of us!”
“God, yes!” Owen adds. “The sweet air in this mask saved the day.”
“Rendezvous in two minutes,” Commander Tieman announces. “We’re maneuvering to extend the transfer tunnel and hard dock with the Europa, your big ride to Mars. Please stay seated until we confirm pressure seals. Meanwhile we’re quickly recycling cabin air to freshen it up.”

“Hard dock and pressure seals are confirmed. It has been a pleasure delivering you to ISC-1701 Europa. SpaceTrans thanks you for choosing to ride with us. Your cabin attendants will escort you to the debarkation tunnel. Remember to hold the railings. Godspeed settlers!”

Two additional attendants from the Europa appeared on each deck to assist the settlers. Deck 5 with the Williams family was first to debark through the transfer tunnel.
Beth says, “We’re flying! This is like the pool training without the spacesuit.”
“Yeah, this is weightlessness,” Sofia replies. “Just don’t let go of the railing or you’ll go bouncing around like a rubber ball.”
Beth and Rob giggle. Soon they are across the transfer tunnel into the Cargo Deck of the Europa CCV. The space is stacked with racks and racks of cargo for Mars. More supplies will accompany the settlement fleet on Colossus I supply ships.
Next, the attendants hustle them along through the transfer tunnel to the Europa torus hub. As they cross into the large torus space, they notice that it has a slow rotation relative to the transfer tunnel. The inner core of the hub is a huge cylinder housing the SSTAR reactor and water for the ion propulsion pods. The hub connects to the hab torus with four access arm tunnels. Two of the access arm tunnels have ladders. The opposite two have elevators for freight and to return passengers to the hub since that direction is against the centripetal force artificial gravity.
“Follow the railing to the access arm entrance. Another attendant will assist you to start the climb down to the hab torus in roll call order. Your weight will gradually increase as you get closer to the habs. You’ll be met by more attendants up there to give you a tour and show you to your temporary quarters. Your PPK’s will be delivered to your cabins.”
So the procession continues. The Williams family begins climbing the seventy-meter access arm ladder. Most of the rest of the one hundred passengers are following behind them. The first half of the climb is more like effortless floating. At the halfway point, a sign advises them to flip around and go feet first. They are now climbing down the ladder. They can feel the weight come on gradually, one kilogram at a time.
Rob says, “Look, an easy way to go is to let the pull just take you while you hold the ladder to brake with your hands.”
“Whee! I’m flying!” Beth exclaims.
“Careful kids!” Sofia warns. “Slow down or you’ll fall off the ladder!”
The light at the end of the tunnel below grows larger and finally they climb down into a bright corridor about three meters wide and three meters high. What was up at the beginning of the tunnel is now the down of the floor. There is an attendant there to receive them. The corridor has a gently curving floor. They weigh a bit more than a third of what they weighed on Earth. The weight is comforting and makes walking effortless.
“Welcome to the Europa! I’m Carrie Towson your Orientation Attendant. I’ll take the next group. Raise your hand as I call out your name. I have the Williams family…the Adams family… and Mr. and Mrs. Franklin…Good! Let’s get started so we can make way for those following you. Follow me. We’re on the lower B-Level of the forward Ring 1. There are inclined ladders to the upper A-Level and access corridors to the aft Ring 2. The hib-sleep facilities are on the A-Level of Ring 2.”
The corridor ceiling has a pleasing light pink Martian cloudscape and the walls have a variety of pleasant murals of Mars settlements and dramatic panoramas. To remind settlers of Earth, the hab walkways also have a variety of lush green plants.
“Make sure you get your location bearings by the address labels on the wall as you see here: 1B-03. We’re in Ring 1 B-Level Sector 3. In this direction we’re walking to Sector 4.”
“I get it,” Beth says. “Where’s our cabin?”
“That’s a good question. We’ll get there soon after we have more of a look around. I have your cabin address written down for you. The Williams cabin is 1A-06-Cabin 4.”
“That’s simple,” Rob says. “Ring 1 Level A Sector 6 Cabin 4.”
The five-year-old Adams girl says, “I don’t get it Mommy.”
“It’s okay dear. Just stay with Mommy and Daddy.”

Next, the group visits the restrooms and happily got rid of their MAG diapers. They spend the next hour having a snack, visiting galleys, medical centers, recreation spaces, exercise centers, library, science labs, and the coms station.
Attendant Carrie Towson explained, “This will be your home for the next two days to explore and enjoy at your leisure. All of this group and those arriving over the next two weeks are traveling to Mars the easy way, in hib-sleep. Two days from now, you will be escorted to the Hib-Sleep Induction Center to be helped on your way. Let’s go visit the Induction Center now so you’ll know what to expect.”
The medical staff in the Induction Center is not only professional but has a fun manner that puts everyone at ease. They answer everyone’s questions knowing just the right things to say.
“Well then, the last stop is for me to deliver you to your cabins. You PPK’s should have been delivered by now. Consider this a hotel in space. Settle in and enjoy all of the facilities at your leisure.”

The Williams family finds 1A-06-Cabin 4 and makes themselves at home. There are two small bedrooms, a small bathroom, a small living area with an entertainment center, and a small galley. Any astronaut of a space vessel without the artificial gravity and spaciousness would laugh at the luxury of Europa. Imagine the decadence of a flush toilet and gravity shower in space!
The kids are so excited they can hardly sit still. They can’t really appreciate the bathroom. To them, it’s like a hotel on Earth. They’re having fun jumping in one-third gravity. They’re elated at the novelty and the adventure.
“Careful kids! You’re not used to this gravity yet.” Owen cautions.
“I love it!” Rob says.
“Me too! But, Mommy, Daddy, I’m hungry.” Beth whines.

This has been a long day they haven’t had a normal meal of any kind. They’re all hungry. The Williams family finds their way down to the nearest galley. The galley is not a restaurant with servers or a wasteful buffet. There are kiosks for ordering anything from a snack to breakfast, lunch, or dinner with dozens of choices in each category.
Their body clocks have not figured out their space schedule. Each of them makes a meal choice by pictogram. Four trays appear on a conveyor belt with their choices in frozen packets. Each packet has simple instructions in several languages for heating-- in which device and for how long. After a few minutes they have it figured out. They serve themselves on plates with stainless utensils. There’s a selection of condiments and plastic cups for the drink dispensers.
Easy-peasy and they’re seated with a hot meal. Beth and Rob chose cheeseburgers. Owen and Sofia chose steaks and vegetable stir-fry. By doctor’s orders, this will be their last solid meal before going into hib-sleep. They’re eating the same synth-meat that constitutes good tasting normal fare back home. While the Williams were finishing their meal, a Korean family and German couple came in and were trying to figure things out.
“Let us help!” Beth comes on as the food ambassador. Beth and Rob kindly show them the ropes. Owen and Sofia get up and introduce themselves and the kids. They moved some tables together and had a lively conversation about their hopes for Mars and mild apprehension of the hib-sleep process.
“What calms my jitters about the process is that we’re not the first,” Sofia says. “The process was perfected on Earth. They’ve been doing this successfully with settlers for four Mars launch cycles. We’re the fifth. Hundreds have gone before us.”
After the others have eaten, the plates and utensils go into a processor for cleaning and reuse. Scraps and wrappers go into another processor for recycling. Nothing is wasted. The group wanders off together to explore the ship further. They’ve been provided with special wrist cell devices so family and friends can communicate within the big ship hotel. Parents can easily find their kids if they get separated.
“Let’s go to the space galley,” Rob pleads.
The idea appeals to everyone so they walk together halfway around the torus to find it. The space galley is a popular place especially now to get a fill of Earth watching from orbit for perhaps the last time. There are about twenty people mingling at the space gallery. The Adams family is there with JoJo. As the hab torus rotates, the Earth is visible for about seven seconds giving way to the dark cosmos and splendor of the Milky Way for the next seven seconds. It can make you dizzy and takes a bit of getting used to. Some people are glued to it. Others have to look away quickly. Either way, the conversation is lively.
“Mommy, I don’t feel so good,” JoJo says. Please take me home!”
“We can’t go home but we can go back to the cabin.”
“Now!”

ISC-1701 Europa
October 22, 2054
(-29): 09: 17 MET
Sofia Bell’s Diary
It’s twenty-nine days to TMI or Trans Mars Injection- the big launch. For my family, this is the morning of the third day on the Europa. This is the day we are induced into hib-sleep. The medical staff has to keep on schedule to put 384 settlers into hib-sleep over the next few weeks before TMI. This is the only way that the ship can handle so many settlers. Otherwise, the consumable and space demands would limit numbers to a bit more than the 200 waking passengers scheduled to arrive before TMI.
Rob and Beth are taking this well. Any fears they have of going into hib-sleep are far outweighed by their excitement about going to Mars. Generations of kids (and adults!) have dreamt of being able to do that. We’re on our way!
We had a liquid breakfast as prescribed by the doctors. Our GI tracts are purged. We have been in a hyper-sterile environment since we went into quarantine back home on Earth. At 09: 00 sharp, our two friendly attendants, Kathy Brum and Mary James, came to our cabin to escort us to the Hib-Sleep Induction Center. Our PPK’s are repacked and will be waiting for us when we reach Mars.
The Induction Center seems familiar to us now. Dr. Kelly Tumlinson, the hib sleep specialist greets us and escorts us back to our changing rooms. Kathy and Mary instruct us to put on comfortable undergarments and then place twelve ECG leads. Over this, they help us to get into snug fitting garments like long johns but gray with silver mesh. They explained that this garment will give slight contractions and gently stimulate our muscles while we’re in hib-sleep. Finally, we’re taken to the Induction Room. It looks like a brightly decorated operating theater.

“Rob and Beth will go first,” Dr. Tumlinson explains. “This is routine and you’ll get the best care all the way through. Mom and Dad can be there and hold your hands while we begin the simple procedure. All right, let’s get you kids on these comfy beds.” The beds are an elongated oval that will fit into the hib-sleep pod.
“I’m ready for a long nap,” Rob says confidently as he climbs up on the bed. “I’m going to Mars!”
“Me too!” Beth adds.
Kathy tends to Rob while Mary tends to Beth. Owen and I are holding their hands and offering encouragement. The ECG leads are connected to monitors.
Dr. Tumlinson explains that now sleep will be induced gently with a mask and special gas.
“Okay, I’m ready.”
“Me too!”
Kathy and Mary place the custom masks over Rob and Beth’s mouth and nose.
“Now count backwards from one hundred and sleep will come like magic.”
“100…99…98…9…98…8…Mmm…”
“Both of them are sleeping now,” Dr. Tumlinson explains. “Their custom sleep pods are ready so we’ll transfer them and hook up the IV lines and catheters. Mild anticoagulant drugs will be administered. The masks will stay on to help regulate breathing. Their core body temperature will be slowly reduced to 15° C. The IV lines will feed them and maintain sleep and body chemistry. Simple! When we enter Mars orbit, sleepers will be gently awakened and tended until they are reoriented to reality. You can expect a few hours of confusion. Then we’ll start physical therapy to help you recover muscle tone.”
“Our babies, they look so peaceful,” I say wistfully.
“I suppose it’s our turn now?” Owen says resigned to get on with the induction.
“Yes. It’s time. Please lie down on these beds sized for you…That’s it…Here’s the mask…We’ll see you on the other side at Mars…Please count backwards…”

ISC-1701 Europa Ship’s Log
November 10-12, 2054

This is the heaviest launch schedule SpaceTrans has ever experienced. Launch bases in the USA, Japan, Korea, China, and the UAE are working 24/7 to launch six Colossus I ETVs. India is notably absent from the activity because of sanctions imposed by the Coalition after the ‘Arcadia incident.’ Each ETV carries one hundred passengers to the waiting Colossus II ships to get them settled into their personal quarters and oriented to all of the ship facilities. These waking passengers will not be in hib-sleep during the six-month journey to Mars. They’ll be living on the ship at Mars equivalent gravity.
This hectic schedule began in September and ran into October to launch an additional twenty-four robotic Colossus I supply ships to accompany the Mars fleet. The fleet and the first three Colossus II Interplanetary Ships leave Earth orbit for Mars on November 20. The Colossus II ships have been christened ISC-1701 Europa, ISC-1702 Ganymede, and ISC- 1703 Callisto. The twenty-four robotic Colossus I supply ships have less formal designations of letters of the Greek alphabet Alpha to Omega.
The fleet is due to arrive at Mars on May 19, 2055. The three Colossus II ships each have 584 passengers so the total is 1752 new settlers for Mars.
The Mars settlements are nearly self-sufficient. However, the fleet supply ships will give the new settlers a start without undue burden on the productivity of the existing settlements and provide the existing settlements an infusion of new equipment and electronics.
Huge propellant depots have been filled to capacity to prepare for refueling the fleet of ships. One-by-one, the Colossus ships process through the depots and finish preparations for TMI-- launching to Mars.

ISC-1701 Europa
November 20, 2054
-00: 00: 10: 03 MET

Europa Commander Vincent ‘Vinnie’ Vellux makes an all ship announcement, “Ten minutes to TMI. All personnel make your way to your assigned maneuver couches and strap in. Command crew buckle in.”
Vinnie is nearly two meters tall, has sandy colored crew cut hair, and serious looking hazel colored eyes. He accompanied on the Europa Command Deck by his command team, XO Halley Simon, Chief Engineer Suzanne Vellux, and Pilots Brian Gilbert and Mason Koch. Suzanne is Vinnie’s wife. The command team will make this round trip run to Mars and back to Earth and then ship out at the next Mars launch window as settlers and back-up crew.
The Command Deck is forward on the CCV with expansive view windows. This is the traditional Command Deck of a Colossus ship during large propulsion maneuver such as TMI. It’s a micro-gravity environment.
Adam Burry is the Commander of ISC-1702 Ganymede. Matt Rossel is the Commander of ISC-1703 Callisto. Those ships, crews, and passengers are ready for TMI and will launch in close sequence with the Europa and the twenty-four robotic Colossus I supply ships.
Control monitors display all of the Colossus II ships’ vitals including propulsion, navigation, life support, hib-sleep support, electrical power systems, and electronics and computing systems. The ship’s AI, CASSI, is very efficient at monitoring and controlling these systems, but human oversight is a traditional redundancy. The ship has a second ‘Command Deck R’ on the A Level of forward Ring 1. The entire ship can be controlled from there with the added luxury of gravity. Command Deck R becomes primary control when the CCV is on surface landing maneuvers.
Commander Vinnie Velux is strapped into his launch chair flanked by XO Halley Simon on his right and his Chief Engineer wife Suzanne Vellux on his left. She squeezes his arm.
“This is a beautiful ship and your greatest command. This one is for the history books- the flagship of the first Colossus II fleet. It should be a milk run to Mars. It’s a long haul there and back, but the next run is for us. Then Mars will be our home.”
Vinnie gives her a squeeze back. “Yeah, she is a beautiful ship and you have her systems purring like a kitten. Mars is calling. CASSI, please report Europa systems checks and supply ships status for TMI.”
“All systems are nominal. Propulsions systems are primed and propellant pressures and temperatures are in the green Commander Vellux. The Europa and all supply ships are go for TMI.”
“Ganymede and Callisto, Europa is reporting we are go for TMI.”
“Ganymede is a go.”
“Callisto is a go.”
The fleet has been on Alert Status for possibly unfriendly ATek and Indian vessels since the confrontation on Mars with Bhahrat commandos and since the more recent ATek sabotage incident. Each fleet ship has defensive laser and missile armaments.
“Coalition Space Force, Europa. Coalition Space Force, Europa. The fleet is go for TMI. What is the status of our launch corridor?”
“Europa, Coalition Space Force. Your launch corridor is secure. There are no unfriendly bogies to report. Godspeed Fleet.”
Commander Vellux announces on the all ship intercom, “One minute to TMI. The Europa is number one on the runway. CASSI will give the final count. You will feel about two and half times your Earth body weight during the six-minute burn. Take sips of air just as you were trained. CASSI it’s all yours.”
“Fifteen seconds to TMI. Turbo pumps starting. Ten…nine…eight…seven…ignition starts now…three…two...one…TMI initiate.”
“Fleet, Coalition Command, Europa is bound for Mars!”
Europa’s acceleration is instantaneous with the super-heavy booster’s twenty-four vacuum Aquila engines pushing the ship and its passengers at 2.5 g’s. The burn and rag-doll shaking will last six minutes. They are heading out on a Hohmann transfer orbit to Mars. The fleet is at an orbital altitude of 450 kilometers staggered to enter the launch window at five-second increments. That puts them about forty kilometers apart at their orbital velocity. The last two ‘tail end Charlie’ robotic supply ships, Psi and Omega, are flying abreast separated by two hundred meters. These ships serve as fleet observers with fore and aft looking radar.

ISC-1701 Europa
November 20, 2054
00: 00: 02: 13 MET

CASSI announces on the Command frequency to all Mars Fleet ships, Coalition Command, and the Coalition Space Force, “Radar on Psi and Omega have picked up two incoming missiles closing at six clicks per second. Impact on Psi and Omega is estimated to be eighty-three seconds from now.”

Commander Vellux barks against the pressure of acceleration, “CASSI, deploy defensive lasers on all ships! Fire on the incoming missiles with the lasers on Psi and Omega at the optimum range and firing solution! Prepare lasers on other ships to defend us if other threats appear.”
“Affirmative. Lasers deployed and tracking on the incoming missiles. It is unknown if they are kinetic weapons only or if they have warheads. Firing in ten seconds at optimum range.”
“Kinetic or explosive doesn’t matter. Take them out!”
“Firing now…Explosive warheads confirmed! Incoming missiles are destroyed.”
“Good shooting! What a splash! Thanks CASSI! Open the secure channel to CSF and Coalition Command.”
“Channel is open.”
“CSF Admiral Groenig and Coalition Command, this is ISC Europa.”
“Europa, CSF Admiral Groenig here. Sorry about the bogies that got by us.”
“Sorry? We don’t have time for that! Where did the missiles come from and what can you do about it?”
“We tracked the missile launch from a new Indian DRDO X-5 weapons platform in an orbit ten kilometers below the SpaceTrans Orbiting Construction Zone. Its stealth exterior made it hard to detect until the missiles launched. We have a lock on it now. We should be able take out its eyes and ears with our lasers without exploding it into so much space debris. According to our sensors, the destroyed missiles had RDX high explosive warheads. That’s quite nasty but we should be glad they weren’t stupid enough to use nukes.”
“Europa and CSF, this is Christof Scheibel at Coalition Command. We have to disable that platform quickly without orbital debris. Their next missiles may have nuke warheads. We don’t want a war but we must let India and their IAF know that such wanton aggression cannot stand! CSF, when the weapons platform is disabled, can you launch a robotic tug to deorbit the platform to safely destroy it in the atmosphere?”
“CSF Groenig here. You’re reading my mind. We’ll be in orbital position in five minutes to hit the weapons platform with precision laser fire. We will follow that with an EMP pulse missile to render its electronics completely inert. The robotic tug is being launched now to deorbit the platform after the EMP pulse.”
“Good show Groenig. We’ll take the matter to the Coalition Security Council and demand much harsher sanctions on India.”
“This is ISC Europa, Commander Vellux here. Glad to know you’re taking care of things back on Earth. We’re outbound with our hands full with fifteen seconds to TMI shutdown. Europa over and out.”
“Godspeed Europa. Coalition Command over and out.”
“Farewell Mars Fleet. CSF over and out.”

Europa Command Deck
00: 00: 10: 36 MET

“Whew! What a ride and God, what a sendoff!” Suzanne exclaims. “I was expecting a routine launch to begin a routine run to Mars. Instead we find ourselves in the middle of a shooting war that could escalate.”
Halley Simon is the Europa XO with short brown hair and brown eyes. She’s characteristically calm and pleasant. “We’re prepared for rogue action. We took care of it. Someday India will learn that we all have to work together.”
“It’s Earth’s problem now.” Brian Gilbert says in resignation.
“Not so fast. Where was the spark that started this?” Mason Koch objects. “India attacked Arcadia and got their butts kicked. Sanctions were put on India as well as their settlements on Mars. Now India shoots at this Mars fleet. No, it’s not just Earth’s problem. This is an interplanetary conflict.”
“I agree with Halley.” Vinnie says. “We are armed. Arcadia is armed to the teeth. The Coalition and CSF are the overarching superpower on Earth. If there is any sanity left, this will not escalate. Now, we have a ship to run. CASSI, please report on ship’s systems after TMI.”
“All systems are nominal.”
“Thank you CASSI. Dr. Tumlinson, Commander Vellux from the Command Deck. Please report on the hib-sleep systems and status of our sleepers.”
“Kelly Tumlinson here. We did have a brief power failure on a bank of sleeper pods during the shaking of TMI. The backup systems came online in a few seconds so none of the sleepers skipped a beat. No pun intended. We could use some techs over here to have a look at the pod power feed.”
“We’re on it Kelly,” Suzanne replies. “It’s probably a connection that shook loose during TMI. I’m still counting my teeth.”
“Only 179 days to keep my sleepers cozy.”
“Roger that.”

CHAPTER 2 Arcadia 2054
“This whole issue of limits to growth, which provides a psychological, as well as a physical, cap on potential expansion of activity and awareness, has had a very depressing effect on many people.... I don’t for a moment think that there’s any concept which anyone’s working with now which will be followed as a straightforward scenario. But the idea embodied in concepts such as space colonization or space industrialization, or availability of non-terrestrial resources, is fundamental, and it will change the way in which people look at the future.”
Astronaut Rusty Schweickart, “One Man’s Approach to Space” in Worlds Beyond, edited by Larry Geis, 1978
Shiva is coming….
Mars Arcadia Settlement Base
July 20, 2052
MCT SOL 6056: 13: 24: 16

John Meek, his wife Leah, Jameel al-Badie, and his wife Layla are having an early afternoon lunch at The Bistro on the Promenade near the Arcadia Nexus. Across the Promenade there is an art gallery and symphony amphitheater.
“Kaif halak John?” Jameel asks.
“Ana bekher. Alhumduallah. Thanks for inviting us.”
“Fine weather today.” Leah observes.
“As it is every day when you’re living underground, stoically pretending to be happy.” Layla replies with more than a hint of sarcasm. “Our Arcadia City Dome will be the greatest achievement for humans on Mars.”
“Yeah.” Leah says. “We’ll no longer be settlers living like cavemen underground. We’ll be citizens of the first real city on Mars with the Sun over our heads every day. That’ll be enormously beneficial to our mental health.”
It might seem an unlikely meetup since John and Leah are Mormon and Jameel and Layla are Muslim. The couples originated from opposite sides of the Earth and are now principals in the LDS and UAE settlements. The common thread is that John and Jameel both have PhD’s in Urban Planning and Space Law. Leah and Layla are both artists. Both couples are deeply involved in the new Arcadia City planning. Through their professional work, they have become good friends.
Orders are placed on a menu tablet at the table. The food is prepared and delivered to the table by Vocativ wait staff robots. John and Leah have the soy cheeseburger special. Jameel and Layla have the tilapia sayadiyah special. All of the fare is homegrown at Arcadia.
“My compliments to the chef.” John says. “This food is infinitely better than the monotonous space food we used to eat outbound and in our first years on Mars.”
Leah agrees, “I can hardly remember what real beef tastes like but this hits the spot for me.”
“They finally have a palatable spice blend for the sayadiyah now that Trevor and Mandy have perfected growing cumin and turmeric.” Layla adds. “The artificial cinnamon will just have to do though.”
Jameel changes the subject. “Getting down to business, we’ve had a few delays on the dome foundation. We’ve never undertaken such a huge project. We are working through the glitches, though.”
“The bots have been working 24/7 on the building structure foundations,” John responds. “Now that you’ve added the industrial airlock entrance we can proceed with erecting the buildings while the dome is completed. There’s no bottleneck for incoming supplies.”
“Aiwa,” Jameel says. “It’s the largest airlock ever conceived. Of course it remains wide open until we complete and pressurize the dome. The dome will soar as an architectural triumph.”
“True enough but we need art to complement it. Layla and I have a growing portfolio of sculpture designs for the green belts,” Leah says.
“We’ll begin 3D printing them next month,” Layla adds. “Then we can begin work on art for the interior spaces.”

Mars Arcadia Settlement Base
November 20, 2054
MCT SOL 6909: 11: 37: 28

Governor Oleg Ivanov Personal Log: 

I’ve been Governor of Arcadia since 2049. My six-year term is up next year in 2055. Being Governor is anything but boring. Every day brings new joys and new problems to be solved. I often find myself reflecting on our life on Mars. Olga and I have been here for nearly twenty years. Yes, we still count age in Earth years and count our sols on the Gregorian calendar. We may be Martians, but our roots and heritage are with Earth.
Our daughter Oksana, the first-born Martian, is now seventeen. She’s blossomed into a beautiful woman, nearly two meters tall thanks to Mars gravity. She favors her mother with warm reddish blonde hair and hazel eyes. Olga and I beam with pride as Oksana has just earned her BS in Space Systems Engineering. Travis Frank, seventeen-year-old son of Eve Cain Harrison Frank, has her heart. They spend a lot of their spare time together, often in the Summer Dome. Love blossoms in this natural space that’s as close to Earth as we can muster on Mars.
Last week during a dinner celebration for Oksana and Travis’ graduation, the young couple approached us. They were both wearing a beautiful and fragrant red rose boutonniere for the occasion as a reward for volunteering in the botanical garden.
Oksana popped the question, “Mama and Papa, Travis and I want to get married. If we have to wait much longer, I think I’ll…I’ll just burst!”
I looked at Olga and then stared at Travis, trying to be serious. Then I looked to Eve and Harrison. They were giggling so we all burst out laughing. Of course we gave them our blessings. We came to Mars not only to survive, but especially to be fruitful and multiply. We’d prefer that they wait a few more years to get married, but with their almost comical pleadings, we’ve set a date in March next year for their wedding.

On a deadly serious note, the Indian Bhahrat militia attack on Arcadia Base four years ago, forced them to be isolated at their three Bharat Bases, at Arcadia, Erebus and their independent Bhahrat III Settlement two hundred kilometers southeast of Arcadia Base. The latest incident, with India’s missile attack on the outbound Mars Settlement Fleet, has the Coalition on high alert on Earth, here on Mars, and in space with the CSF. We’ve got to keep the upper hand with superior defensive weapons to deter aggression. The CSF took out India’s prized Earth orbiting space weapons platform. The Coalition put strangling economic sanctions on India. What will their response be in retribution? Why can’t Mars be a new totally peaceful new start for humanity? Our relationship with the independent Bhahrat III settlement is strained at best. Time will tell if we can mend the difficulties with India.
The Coalition has nearly five thousand people on Mars now. A sobering statistic is that 150 of them are professional military security commandos with another five hundred trained in reserve to defend the settlements should the need arise. These forces are split between Arcadia and Erebus settlements.
China’s Huangyan March Settlement in the Hellas Basin on the other side of Mars is thriving and peaceful. They have over two hundred settlers now. The treachery business with their Commander Vasilievich was nipped in the bud and he was exiled back to Earth. We regularly have scientific and technical exchanges with Huangyan March. They have greatly benefitted from our aquaponics and life support technology.

This is November 20, 2054, fleet launch day. Hib-sleep settlement ships began service in 2046. Three new Colossus II settlement ships launched today with almost six hundred settlers per ship. The Colossus II is a huge interplanetary ship much more spacious than the Colossus I ships we used years ago. They have hab modules rotating around the ship’s central axis giving Mars equivalent gravity. Such a luxury!
So, we’re preparing for the huge influx of incoming settlers by establishing a new settlement nexus, Galileo Base ten kilometers southwest of Arcadia Base and another settlement nexus, Copernicus Base is being established ten kilometers southwest of Erebus Montes Base. We’re thriving so far but never far from our minds is the fact that death is only as far away as a ruptured valve or airlock. The goal of having a million humans on Mars by 2079, the arrival date of Shiva and its threat to Earth, may take another fifty or hundred years to achieve.
Trevor Brown and Mandy Shields are in charge of the aquaponics facilities at each settlement base. The expansion of aquaponics facilities has to precede and outpace an influx of settlers. We have to have an abundance of fresh veg, fruits, fish, and poultry for all of our hungry mouths. The aquaponics facilities have expanded vertically with plantings riding on huge elevator racks. Most of the labor is supplied by CARIAN and CARIIN robots but we still need plenty of volunteer help. We’ve found that this work with the plants and animals is therapeutic, especially for new arrivals suffering from cabin fever.
The huge new geodesic Arcadia Dome centered over the Arcadia Nexus has been built by CARIIN assembler robots. It’s adjacent to the existing Botanical and Summer Domes. The magnificent new dome, designed by urban planning engineers Jameel al Badie and John Meek, is three hundred meters in diameter and one hundred meters high. The innovative cerium, tantalum, and barium fluoride doped PMMA[26] dome material is more efficient at absorbing radiation than the previous domes. Three, five, and ten story buildings have been constructed under the dome.
The life support installation and new aquaponics facilities adjacent to the dome are the largest ever constructed off Earth. Our power needs are supplied by a large fusion power plant. Yes, fusion power is finally here! The fusion plants are becoming smaller and more efficient. Soon we’ll see them on Colossus ships opening new frontiers deeper in the solar system.
Now that we’ve finished and pressurized the dome to a breathable atmosphere, we’ve christened it Arcadia City. The residential and recreational spaces are interspersed with restaurants, bistros, and cafes. Yes! We have bioengineered dwarf Arabica coffee bean plants suitable for Mars. The recreational spaces include a new botanical garden and lake. There’s an education campus for preschool through university students. The new space is a healthier melting pot of nationalities than the underground settlement complex where even the most optimistic settlers get cabin fever, feeling like troglodytes.

ATek and GalRex have recently begun mining Phobos and Deimos for the rich resources found on these carbonaceous asteroids captured by Mars as moons. By agreement so as to avoid conflict, ATek works Phobos, the larger of the two moons with a diameter of 22 kilometer GalRex works the smaller 13 kilometer moon Deimos. But they have access to richer carbon resources there. The carbonaceous asteroids are also rich in water. From the mined resources, they are able to manufacture methane, hydrogen, and oxygen propellants, plastics, metals, and silicon for electronics. These products supply their own operations in the asteroid belt and deep space propellant depots.
We’re a bit paranoid with ATek based on Phobos, a moon orbiting us every eight hours. ATek have proven to be aggressive and belligerent with their sabotage of the GalRex facilities near Earth. Their potential threat is more than balanced by the Coalition run GalRex sharing Deimos with a CSF armed base. Deimos orbits Mars in just over 30 hours so it catches up with Phobos from a higher orbit every time around to keep tabs on ATek operations.

So, I’ll keep up with my end of Governing and trying to grow and protect our settlements. The stress and politics of this job are grinding. Who will my successor be and how will they handle the stress? I’ll let Sofi, Alex, and Ellie monitor the Shiva threat. It’s still a long ways off. They also monitor and study the mysterious alien artifact that’s sequestered from sight in the Astrogeology lab.
Abby Denton Personal Diary: 
I’ve been taking stock of our life on Mars, especially remembering those that I arrived with nearly twenty years ago. When we arrived, survival was uncertain. We have a strong foothold now. I can say with certainty that humans are evolving with the reduced gravity. We’re growing taller. Our bones and muscles are not as strong as when we were on Earth but vigorous exercise helps.
The fears of radiation making Mars uninhabitable were exaggerated. We have an entire generation of Mars born children that prove that we will survive. To be sure we‘ve had a few mutations and birth defects. Some are advantageous. That’s what drives evolution. The bad genetic defects are being handled with CRISPR gene therapy.
The total number of Coalition settlers on Mars in 2054 is has grown to 4575 in Arcadia and Erebus including the 614 births recorded on Mars to date. I’m the head of the Coalition Medical Corps on Mars. We have sixteen doctors and sixty nurses and medical staff divided between Arcadia and Erebus Bases. Central Medical is located near the nexus of each settlement complex. A proportionate number of medical staff will arrive with the huge influx of settlers arriving next year for the medical facilities at the new Galileo and Copernicus Bases we’re constructing with robots.
The robots are a huge part of our existence here, enabling us to thrive and expand. Robots are used to help tend our crops, repair equipment, replicate equipment, construct habitats, and domes. Specialized CARIAN robots perform medical duties including surgery. Without our medical bots, we would need twice the medical corps to handle our needs. The demands here are different than on Earth. Eventually we will see hundreds of Martian births per year grow to thousands.
The children-- where should I begin? My Alex and Sofi were not born on Mars. They had a harder start being conceived in deep space exposed to harsh radiation on the Aquila Mission. Alex is my son with Vik. Sofi, his wife, is the daughter of Ellie and Coby. They were born in Houston only hours apart and grew up together. Early on we knew they were special-- abnormally tall, intelligent, and eerily clairvoyant. They came from good genes but they seem to have been gifted way beyond what their parents gave them. Mutation is quirky that way. They came with us to Mars and married here. Their kids, Stella and Andrei, are nine years old now. They are as gifted as Alex and Sofi, perhaps even more. Oksana and Travis, the first and second born on Mars, are getting married in a few months. Adele was the third born here. She did have a bad mutation, XP, which we treated with CRISPR gene therapy. Thank God she’s normal now. Her best friend is Filip, the fourth born on Mars, who is now sixteen and a few months younger than Adele. Will they marry in a few years? We won’t stand in their way. There aren’t many kids their age. Each successive year with more births and new arrivals each launch window will make the gene pool more diverse.
Obesity is almost nonexistent on Mars. We don’t ration food but there is a flag if anyone seems to be consistently getting more than reasonable meal portions. That just means they will need to consult a dietician. Our food is lower in fat and low in processed sugars. We enjoy alcohol but it is regulated. We have fine bistros that offer many healthy cuisines. Their creative menus avoid monotony and so promote mental health. You won’t find fatty double cheeseburgers with a side of cheese fries in Arcadia!
As our population grows with new settlers arriving, the demographics of kids at any given age are growing. So we have far more twelve year olds than sixteen year olds and far more five year olds than twelve year olds. Martians are taller than Earthlings! At any given age, they are around the 99th percentile for height compared to their counterparts on Earth. I attribute this mainly to lower gravity but also mutations may have played a role.
Despite rigorous exercise regimens, our bones and muscles have lost the strength that they had back on Earth. I daresay that if any of us who were born on Mars or have been here for decades were to return to Earth, we would have a very difficult time adjusting. I am requiring that any people returning to Earth on the new Colossus II ships after a long stay on Mars be afforded the therapy of slowly increasing the torus habitats’ spin rate to reach full Earth gravity for the last two months of the return voyage.
Ellie and I have been roomies since Vik and Coby died. We’re like sisters and have been together since we were chosen with Vik and Coby for the Aquila Mission. Ellie is my rock and my confidant. Our greatest joy is spending time with our grandchildren. We’ve really bonded with the twins, Stella and Andrei. We had them all to ourselves when Sofi and Alex were off on the mission to Ceres for a full year back in 2048. They’re nine years old now and smart! They play hard and study hard. I’m here for them any time I’m needed.
I worry about Oleg and the stress of governing. I’ve seen that stress with Coby, then Vik, then Paula. The buildup of tensions with India and ATek has taken a toll on him. China seems to be a quiet settlement here at Arcadia and on the other side of the planet at Hellas Basin Huang March Settlement. The incident at their settlement with the huge oxygen tank explosion uncovered the schemes of their rogue Russian Co-Commander Faddei Vasilievich. We forced his exile back to Earth. Problem solved.
Ellie Accardi Personal Diary: 
As I write this, I know that Abby is telling her own perspective of our nearly two decades at Arcadia. Yes, the children come first! We agonized over the decision to take Sofi and Alex from Earth when they were only eleven. As much as they loved Earth, they have thrived here on Mars and have blessed Abby and I with grandchildren. Don’t get me wrong, I’m proud of my career exploring Bennu, comet 125P, and the geology of Mars. I’m credited with finding the first evidence of extraterrestrial life and living stromatolitic cyanobacteria here on Mars. But, Sofi, Alex, Stella, and Andrei mean more to me than any of my accomplishments in astrogeology.
I can go for weeks without getting choked up about this. Oh God! It still hurts more than I can say. The twins were just a year old when Coby and Vik were killed in the transport accident. I’d give anything for them to see the twins now. It’s hard to believe that Stella and Andrei are nine years old! They work at their own pace but are nearly through with high school and starting calculus.
Abby and I have had a few episodes of prescience in our spacefaring careers. Mostly these foreshadow that something disastrous is in the works. Abby sensed the disaster that Vik had on Bennu. We both sensed that something odd lurked at comet 125P and that Vik and Coby were in danger from samples we’d brought on board Altair. It nearly killed them. About six months before the transport accident took Coby and Vik from us, I’d had a nightmare that did not clearly crossover into my consciousness but left me deeply disturbed. I tried to dismiss the unfocused yet unmistakable feeling of doom and remorse. Unfortunately, it wasn’t a clear warning that I could act on.
Somehow, somehow…Sofi, Alex, Stella, and Andrei have developed this sixth sense into telepathy and mental communication abilities they can use. Sofi and Alex sensed the presence of the alien artifact, The Box, before they retrieved it from comet 125P. Now they not only communicate with each other telepathically but with CASSI-L and The Box in my astrogeology lab. Stella, and Andrei developed this ability at an earlier age and it grows each passing day. I’m convinced that none of this would’ve developed had Coby, Vik, Abby, and I stayed back on Earth and never been exposed to harsh radiation. Our children and grandchildren have evolved.
There are still quests on Mars right here in Arcadia Planitia that beckon for exploration and science. I have my sights set on the Phlegra Anomaly, the mysterious dark spot 800 kilometers southwest of Arcadia. MRO reconnaissance shows hints of rare earth mineral deposits. We’ve exploited a range of Mars ice and mineral resources, but to date we lack the rare earth elements we need to be fully self-sufficient in making our own electronics. Now that we have long-range transports that can get a team there and back safely, I’m organizing a science mission to Phlegra. My spidey sense says the way is clear.
Sofi and Alex Personal Diary: 
We’ve been on Mars for 6909 days. That’s about nineteen Earth years since we left Earth. We fondly remember growing up in astronaut row in the Clear Lake suburb of Houston. Our stomping grounds were the El Lago and Timber Cove subdivisions fronting Taylor Lake just a few minutes from the NASA Manned Spacecraft Center. We remember sunshine, swimming, sailing, and tennis. Yes, the skies were blue instead of pink!
We have those memories, but we now know that those neighborhoods have drowned after they were devastated by hurricanes. The Earth is not the same home we left. Our life is Mars. We’ve been so blessed to be among the first settlers on the red planet. Not only that, but our scientific discoveries could affect the future of humanity. It’s not every day that you discover an alien artifact and manage to have some basic level of communication with an advanced alien species through the device- The Box. Initially we called them The Watchers since their station on comet 125P seems to be an Earth listening post. We established communication through our dedicated AI CASSI-L in the astrogeology lab where The Box is ensconced. Alex and I are effectively joined as one telepathically. We can communicate telepathically with CASSI-L through an extremely low frequency telecommunications receiver chip we installed. In fact we’ve filed a patent on Earth[27] for this AI interface, although I doubt if many humans yet have the telepathic ability to use it. CASSI-L in turn has an optical interface with The Box through a portal it opened. Collectively we call this the psycho-electronic interface.
Our twins, Stella and Andrei, are nine years old. Their extrasensory gifts are developed even more than ours. They were having visions with The Box when they were four, even before we returned from Ceres and the comet where we found the artifact.
When we finally did return, we were a bit unsteady on our feet. Ellie and Abby helped us back to our old familiar family quarters. Stella and Andrei showed us what they’d been seeing and dreaming and drawing--

“See Mama, see Papa, we’ve seen this big spaceship.”
“Its sun is different from ours. It’s orange.”
“The people on the ship don’t look like us.”
“How did you see this Sweeties?”
“First we saw it in a dream,” Stella explains.
“Now sometimes we see it in the daytime,” Andrei adds.
Concerned, we ask, “Does it scare you?”
“Oh no, it’s not scary!”
“It’s magical and warm.”
“Friendly.”
“Is the dream with you now?”
“Yeah!”
“It got clearer when your spaceship landed.”
“You saw our Rigel spaceship?”
“No, no.”
“We know your ship. This is big!”
“Bigger!”
“Different!”
“Its sun is orange! But… but the dream is gone now.”

Their dreams have come back many times, sometimes more vivid and detailed than others. Their visions seem to be a thousand times more detailed than what Alex and I can glean with CASSI-L as a medium. As Stella and Andrei get older, they are able to interpret more of what they see.
We now know that the third star in the Alpha Centauri system is Proxima Centauri, a spectral Class M, cool red dwarf. The vision describes it as orange. It has an Earth sized exoplanet, Proxima Centauri b, which orbits in the star’s habitable zone. CASSI-L worked out phonetics and language from The Box. We learned that The Watchers call themselves Thelud. Their home planet is Thelus, our Proxima Centauri b.
With a projector we provided, CASSI-L’s has evolved to a holo-presence in the lab and serves primarily as our interface to The Box. Through CASSI-L and with Stella and Andrei’s visions we have confirmed that the Thelud have faster-than-light, FTL technology for travel to nearby star systems in a spaceship a thousand times the size of a Colossus ship. Their sphere of influence encompasses some twenty light years from Proxima Centauri. Within that realm, there is at least one other humanoid civilization that has joined the FTL club, the Chalkoi. Their home is the exoplanet Wolf 359 b which they call Chalkos. Wolf 359 is another red dwarf star located in the constellation Leo at distance of approximately 7.9 light years from Earth.
Many have asked if the Thelud still exist. No one has seen them directly. In knowable memory, they haven’t landed on Earth or Mars and said “take me to your leader.” From the rune-like script on The Box partially matching proto-cuneiform Sumerian texts, we have speculated that the Thelud visited Earth thousands of years ago. Stella and Andrei assure us that the Thelud are alive and well. However, direct communication with them from Mars to Proxima Centauri would not be possible across four light years in the time since we recovered the artifact. The twins have visions of Thelud beings telling them that humans are of interest but their priority is to explore and expand their sphere of influence. Stella and Andrei call this “spooky communication at a distance.” We can’t comprehend it.
Stella and Andrei see “A hundred Thelud ships heading toward a triple star system twenty-two light years from Mars in our constellation Scorpius. Their quest is a planet they call Inphos orbiting the lone red dwarf star of the system. Their great ships travel faster-than-light in bubbles generated by a huge girdling hoop. We’ve walked the corridors of their ships. We’ve heard their eerie music. We’ve seen their strange art.”
Inphos is an exoplanet we know as Gliese 667 Cc. It’s an exoplanet orbiting the red dwarf star Gliese 667 C, the third member of a triple star system. Why are they heading there in such huge numbers? What will the Thelud find when they get there? Will they hurl an asteroid at an innocent nascent intelligent race?
Even without the Thelud appearing directly before us, we could learn so much from The Box. CASSI-L has reassured us that “There is so much more in there that we have yet to learn. If only I had the key… I can feel the tendrils of infinite knowledge.” That potential could launch a thousand attack ships to steal The Box if any of this was known outside of our small circle here at Arcadia. The key…the key…only the encrypted key will unlock that knowledge.

It’s hard to not focus on The Box every waking moment. Shiva debris must be our top science priority aside from what we study about the geology of our home on Mars. It has been ten years since the big Vishnu nuke smacked the huge KBO way beyond Neptune, 37 AU from the Sun. That debris won’t reach Neptune’s orbit for another ten years. We’ll launch robotic Destroyer Missions in two years, in 2056, to take out threatening debris as it nears Neptune’s orbit in 2064. Alex and I have been using our observatories here on Mars and on Ceres to refine calculations on debris trajectories to help plan for the Destroyer Missions. Twenty years from now, in 2074, we’ll launch the crewed Perseus Mission to clean up more debris as it approaches the orbit of Saturn in 2076. Alex and I want to be prime members of that crew but our premonition says that our roles will be better served on that mission with our resources here on Mars. We see Stella and Andrei parting with us and taking prime roles on Perseus.
Expedition to the Phlegra Anomaly

Mars Arcadia Settlement Base
December 15, 2054
MCT SOL 6934: 08: 26: 31

Thirty-eight people are in the Arcadia Commons Meeting Room with Ellie Accardi presiding over a meeting on her proposed exploration mission. The furnishings, chairs and tables, are plastic synth-wood and stainless metal. The walls are adorned with dramatic Mars-scapes alternating with images of lush botanical gardens in Arcadia. Oleg, Olga, Abby, Sofi, Alex, and Jacob are in the front row watching intently as Ellie rises and stands before the room.
“Uhh…Hello, hello everyone…Great, great… I want to thank you all for coming. All of you have participated in recent Mars exploration expeditions. Some of you will participate in our next expedition. We’re going to the Phlegra Anomaly! Our quest is to establish a source of rare earth elements for expanding our electronics manufacturing capacity. All of you are qualified. I hope that all of you will help us plan for the expedition. I’m proposing January 2 for our expedition launch date to the mysterious dark spot 800 kilometers southwest of Arcadia. I’ve sent each of you my research report. Please bring that up on your tablets so we can share our thoughts.
“We can’t undertake any expedition from Arcadia lightly since the tragedy that took my beloved Coby and our Vik from us. Abby has tried to talk me out of this expedition, but we need it for Arcadia and I need it for my own sense of worth and well-being.”
Oleg speaks up, “Tetushka, your career accomplishments have earned you the Coalition Medal of Honor so your worth is never in question. I agree that we need this for Arcadia, but that 800 kilometers is pushing the caution zone of the 1000 kilometer roundtrip range of our newest transports unless we attach the external tanks. The external tanks will add the safety margin you need. What’s your proposal for the length of mission, how many transports, and your proposed personnel assignments? I’m all for exploration, but I don’t want to take any undue risks.”
“I was getting to that so let’s go ahead and jump in deeper. Have a look at the proposed personnel assignment table I’m putting up on the screen. I’m assuming that we’ll use two transports, with Harrison piloting Transport 6 and Jacob piloting Transport 7. With these assignments, we have our bases covered for geology, systems engineering, and security. I never thought that our new home on Mars would require security, but in these times we have to keep security foremost. Before we get into discussion, I’d like to have Sofi and Alex describe what we know about the geology of the Phlegra Anomaly from remote sensing.”
Sofi and Alex rise and walk to the front of the room. Sofi begins, “We’ve been using spectrometer data from Mars Odyssey II and MRO II to prospect for useable mineral resources near Arcadia. Mars Odyssey II has the GRS instrument suite with a gamma ray sensor, neutron spectrometer, and high-energy neutron detector to determine the elemental makeup of Mars’ surface. MRO II is equipped with the CRISM spectrometer that works in infrared. While we can make some inferences on what lies in a given area, we still need to ground truth our geologic interpretation by going out and taking samples. We bring the samples back and study them in the lab, just like an assayer for a gold prospector. Alex will describe what we expect for the Phlegra Anomaly.”
Phlegra Expedition Transport 6
Ellie Accardi: Principal Astrogeologist
Sofi Brewster: Astrophysicist/Astrogeologist
Alex Ivanov: Astrophysicist/Astrogeologist
Harrison Frank: Pilot/Engineer (mech. /civil / electric.)
Eve Cain: Engineer (Habs); Space Law/CJ; MITL 
Logan Walsh: Security Team Lead
Keegan Huber: Security Team
Phlegra Expedition Transport 7
Jacob Petrov: Pilot/Sr Astrogeologist
Tracy Jennings: Astrobiologist
Jack Lewis: Mars Exploration Geologist
Amy Allen: Mars Exploration Geologist
Sandy Conklin: Engineer (Robotics/AI); Chaplain
Dao Ming Kai: Engineer (Robotics/AI/VR); Psychologist
Jordan Miller: Security Team
Linus Pelzer: Security Team
Vitto Sanna: Security Team

Alex continues, “We use the Mars Odyssey II GRS data to establish regions of unusual chemical composition for elements chlorine, iron, hydrogen, potassium, silicon, and thorium to make mass fraction maps. The Phlegra Anomaly shows up in visual light as a very dark spot about eight kilometers wide by ten kilometers long. From the elements we see from GRS, we infer that it’s a weathered igneous pluton. We see some complex hydrated clay from the weathering. This combination may be what we’re looking for to find the minerals we need.
“Let me explain our quest for rare earth elements. Some of the rare-earth metals that are commonly used in our electronics include lanthanum, cerium, neodymium, samarium, europium, terbium, and dysprosium. Silicon chips in our computers don’t conduct electricity without being doped with other elements. This involves the silicon being bombarded with a variety of elements, including phosphorus, antimony, arsenic, boron, indium, and gallium.
“On Earth, the demand for rare earth elements has grown rapidly, but their occurrence in minable deposits is limited and depleted. We can’t look to Earth for the supplies we need. To make matters worse, China controls most of the rare earth resources. Asteroids have rare earths but not in any concentrated form easy to mine. The igneous geology of Mars should have concentrated the rare earths. If we’re successful in finding mineable deposits on Mars that we can develop, rare earths could become another valuable Mars export.
“So we don’t see the rare earth elements directly from remote sensing. We narrow the focus of our search by finding the right place to do our fieldwork. The weathered pluton that we infer at Phlegra fits exactly what we’re looking for. We’ll ground truth our prospect area as Sofi described by sampling in transects. We’ll take cores and rock samples on a one-kilometer grid. That’s about eighty spot samples to cover the anomaly so we’ll divide the work between the two transport teams. We’ll use Mars GPS to navigate. When we get samples back to the lab here at Arcadia Base, we can use XRD or x-ray diffraction mineralogy for bulk mineral composition. We’re looking for carbonatite and bastnaesite minerals. If we find either of those, then we’ll do a more complete elemental analysis with EDAX or energy dispersive x-ray analysis. That’s the assay work that Sofi referred to.”

The Phlegra Anomaly is a dark depression in the Phlegra region of Arcadia Planitia 670 km SW of Erebus Base. The dark, mottled region in the north-central portion of this image is impact debris from the relatively recent impact crater west of Erebus Base.

The dark spot is 15 km. wide. It is not a hole but rather depression with low albedo (reflectivity) and unknown mineral composition. Mounds to the west are ice pingos.

This is a recent impact crater in the Phlegra region of Mars. The dark blast zone is almost 800 meters across while crater is just over 20 meters across. This crater has excavated down to buried ice that was thrown out of the crater onto the surrounding terrain. MRO HiRise CTX Image- NASA/JPL/University of Arizona.
Oleg poses, “So if we strike it rich in the lab, how will we mine this stuff? Do we see Martian settlers out there with picks and shovels?”
Alex responds, “Very funny, dorgoy brat! I know you didn’t mean that since we’ve been so involved with ice mining at our settlement bases. We’ll use the same Horta robots with modified cutting faces to mine the potential ore--then comes refining. GalRex has offered its asteroid mining tech and expertise to tailor a refining operation for rare earths here on Mars using ion exchange. The whole operation could be run robotically with human oversight.”
“I heard that and noted,” CASSI adds.
“You still need humans around for your entertainment.”
“Endlessly.”
“Okay children,” Ellie says, “Can we bring the meeting back on task? Are there any questions or concerns about personnel assignments?”
“We’ve all been on security alert since the Europa incident with the Indian IAF missile attack,” Oleg says. “The three Bhahrat settlements have been under sanction with complete enforced isolation for five years since their attack on our lab here. We haven’t curtailed all of our surface activity but we have to have a security plan for any foray. I see you have security personnel on your roster. So what’s the plan?”
Ellie says, “Logan Walsh is our security Team Lead. Logan will you describe the security plan please?”
“Certainly. First of all, you can see that we’re taking Transport 6 and 7. They’re armed with the latest offensive platforms: twin laser and rail gun batteries on a single dorsal turret. We have long-range radar and satellite recon to track possible bogeys. We’ll have a security crew and the CFAT[28] standing by with its twin dorsal turrets armed with four BVR-AAM[29] missiles to take out any threat to the expedition. Of course our troops are armed and trained with SCRs, M147 RPGs. They’ll wear super-hardened ceramic body armor if God forbid we get in close to a threat as we did with the Bhahrat commandos in the Arcadia raid. That incident is the basis for our best training sim.”
“I’m sorry that it’s come to this degree of military preparation here on Mars,” Ellie says, “but we do have to stay way ahead of Bhahrat’s offensive capabilities and pray that we don’t have to use force. If only they would have stayed in the safe fold of the Coalition here and in Earth space. Things could get worse before they get better.”
“Well put Ellie,” Oleg says. “Does anyone want to bow out of the expedition? Now is your chance. No repercussions. Anyone?”
There was an enthusiastic but disjointed chorus of “I’m in!” around the room. There has always been enthusiasm for a chance at an expedition to explore the frontiers of Mars. This opportunity is gold.
“So I’d like to keep January 2 as the expedition launch date,” Ellie says. “Let’s break out with the assigned roster teams and plan the details.”
Oleg says, “I know you have to keep me here to hold down the fort, but I’d like to put my two rubles into the security plan.”
“I knew you would and I wouldn’t have it any other way you son of a big Russian spaceman.”
“I take that as a compliment. Papa Vik was the finest.”

Mars Arcadia Settlement Base
December 30, 2054
MCT SOL 6949: 06: 07: 43
The Phlegra Expedition is nearly ready for departure. Sofi and Alex have been working with the expedition team by checking systems, programming the sampling stations, and loading supplies. After a sound night’s sleep, the twins have come into their room looking concerned.
Sofi reads the concern, “It’s early…Sweeties, what’s the matter?”
“Mama, Papa, don’t go. Don’t go on the expedition. We beg you!” Stella pleads.
Andrei says, “We’ve seen a transport and bad men heading to attack you! You can’t go!”
Sofi looks at Alex with a knowing look. They’d had a premonition of something bad but it was unfocussed. This is different.
Alex says, “We’re fine. Well be fine. Andrei, Stella, can you give us any more details on what you saw. What did the transport look like? Could you tell if we were at Phlegra with the dark ground.”
Andrei replies, “The bad transport looked like the one we saw that attacked the Lab here. It had a shape on the side like three lion heads and a symbol shaped like a head with horns.”
“Yes. Good. I take that as the Bhahrat emblem and the Hindi numeral four.”
“The dark ground was behind your transports like you were coming home.”
“We need you to come home!”
They hold the kids tight and reassure them. “We’re here. We’re here. You’ve given us some important information. Kisses…Now let’s get up for some breakfast and get you off to school.”
“We have to tell Oleg,” Alex concludes.
MCT SOL 6949: 09: 01: 17
Oleg, Ellie, and Logan Walsh are waiting in the Governor’s office as Sofi and Alex enter. Logan’s ruddy complexion and red hair are in contrast to Oleg’s time worn face and graying temples. Christof Scheibel, Director of Coalition Command, is getting the video feed with a twelve-minute light time delay.
“Privet brat, kak dela?” Alex says with the stilted accent of a non-native Russian speaker, unlike his half-brother.
“Khorosho! Come in. Hope you and the kids are well. By the way, Christof is mirroring this meeting. What’s the urgency?”
Logan stands and shakes their hands, “Thanks for inviting me.”
“We asked to meet because of serious security concerns with the expedition,” Alex responds. “This goes beyond the expedition. It concerns security at Mars and Earth.
“By now, you have trust in our extrasensory abilities,” Sofi says. “These abilities are even more developed in Stella and Andrei. Trust in that.”
“You’ve got our attention,” Oleg says.
“Early this morning, the kids came to us to describe a detailed premonition they had about a Bhahrat transport attacking our expedition, most likely as we leave Phlegra to return to base.”
“Chert! Seriously?” Oleg exclaims. “Okay, okay. I do believe the threat and the reality of this spooky premonition. Let’s work this and bring it to the expedition team for a go-no-go decision. How are you sure it was Bhahrat that they saw and what do we know about their offensive capabilities?”
“Sure,” Sofi says. “The kids described the Bhahrat transport and insignia to a tee. It was labeled with their Hindi numeral four which our intel says is from their latest military transport. Logan?”
“Hmm…Yeah. I don’t know how they learned about our expedition details and timing,” Logan says. “We’ve done everything on secure channels. We do have intel on their number four. Yes, it has lasers and missiles but we know that the laser power and range and reliability of their missiles are hopelessly outmatched by the capabilities of Transports 6 and 7. They’re hopelessly outgunned by the CFAT. I propose that we set a trap for them and attack with the CFAT. Its CO2 lasers and EM pulse missiles can easily stop them, but why take a chance with anything in visual range. When our satellite systems detect their threat posture, we can totally take them out from 100 kilometers range with our BVR-AAM missiles.”
“Oh…Oh God! Without negotiation?” Ellie exclaims. “We should give them a chance to stand down.”
“No. This has gone too far!” Oleg declares. “They attacked the outbound settlement ships in Earth space and now this. We can’t live with status quo and let them repeatedly try to take us down. We offered them peace by being part of the Coalition and they’ve repeatedly rejected that since the lab attack.”
MCT SOL 6949: 09: 36: 51
CASSI announces, “We have incoming radio traffic from Coalition Command.”
Oleg says, “Put it on please.”
“Affirmative.”
“Arcadia Base, Arcadia Base, This is Christof Scheibel, Coalition Command. I followed all of your meeting on the Bhahrat threat. Take out the probable Bhahrat attack on the expedition with certainty before it reaches its effective firing range on our science teams. Give them a thirty-second warning to stand down and turn around. Broadcast that on a frequency that the attack transport and Bhahrat militia command and Brigadier General Vadekar will hear loud and clear. Then take them out! Enough is enough! I’ll deal with the diplomatic response on this end. Coalition Command over and out.”
Sofi and Alex look at each other and Sofi announces, “We have a plan.” They discuss it briefly. Ellie, Oleg, and Logan are on board.
MCT SOL 6949: 13: 21: 46
Ellie and Oleg called the expedition team to the Arcadia Commons Meeting Room to discuss the situation. Ellie addresses the team. The room is secured from any possibility of surveillance.
“The Phlegra Expedition is scheduled to depart in just over two days from now. We have a situation that I’d like Sofi and Alex to describe. They also have a plan that we believe is the only recourse.”
Sofi begins, “It’s no secret that Alex and I have extrasensory abilities. Our nine year old twins, Stella and Andrei, have gifts superior to ours…” The scenario is painted and there is very real concern with team members-- especially after hearing the prospect of the expedition transports being used as bait for a trap.
“No, we can’t put our lives on the line as bait,” Alex declares. “Even though we do have overwhelming weapons superiority, we have another overwhelming superiority, CASSI as our AI counterpart. We have laid the groundwork with a detailed grid of sampling coordinates at Phlegra. We propose to send Transports 6 and 7 robotically under CASSI’s control to be our proxy to complete the geology work we have planned. The video and sensor array will be relayed to our geology lab where experts from the team will be immersed in the Phlegra geology real time. We should be able to make decisions on sampling in real time just the same as if we were there. We’ll bring the samples and data home without risking our lives.”
Geologist Amy Allen speaks, “I applaud all the robotic science that’s been done so successfully across the solar system and on Mars but you can’t replace a human in the field for the best scientific investigation.”
“I agree and I’ve been fortunate to put my ass on the line in some dicey situations in the name of science,” Ellie responds. “But this is not our hill to die on. I know you all want to get out there in the wilds of Mars, but this is too risky. CASSI is a trusted and capable extension of our eyes and arms and legs.”
CASSI adds, “I can do this with my clones in the Transports. We can perform an effective geologic survey and bring home the samples.”
Logan Walsh speaks, “This plan will work. We have the resources to find the attacking transport and take it out before it’s in visual range of our science transports. We can no more afford to lose those transports than any one of you. We could use our satellite laser platform to take them out but I would prefer to fight them with our CFAT transport on the turf they have chosen.”

There is a murmur in the room and furtive glances as most of the team looks relieved to be staying home at Arcadia. Tomorrow is New Year’s Eve. It’s a time to celebrate and reconnect with those left behind on Earth.
Inevitably Sofi and Alex have the horrific recurring dream of Armageddon on Times Square, New York, New Year’s Eve 2079, going into 2080.

Mars Arcadia Settlement Base
January 2, 2055
MCT SOL 6952: 09: 11: 28

Ellie, Sofi, Alex, Jacob, Jack, and Amy, the expedition geologists, are on EVA to finish the expedition preparation. They have finished loading the empty core tubes and preparing the SRC, or sample return containers, on the bellies of Transport 6 and 7. The manipulator arms, cameras, and core drilling equipment are checked out.
Ellie says, “Let’s get back through the air lock, join the rest of the team, and kick this expedition off.”
Logan Walsh and his security team are strapped into their couches on the CFAT.

CASSI announces on a secure channel, “Transports 6 and 7. Lift off in 5…4…3…2…1… lifting off and away.”
Logan announces, “CFAT engine pressures nominal. Lifting off and shadowing Transport 7.”
The team watches on vid screen and through view ports in the suit bay as the transports kick up clouds of red dust from the transport pads. Vicariously, they’re feeling the g forces and hearing the engines scream. The reality is that there is only a deep rumble reaching them as the transports lift off and begin their climb toward the Phlegra Anomaly.
The stealthy CFAT will be undetectable by satellite or radar since its image will merge with Transport 7 as it shadows closely under and just behind. The formation moves off at 150 kilometers per hour. In just over five hours, they’ll be 150 kilometers from Phlegra and drop the CFAT into Tanaka Crater to wait for the possible Bhahrat attack.

Mars Arcadia Bhahrat Settlement
January 2, 2055
MCT SOL 6952: 09: 15: 42

Brigadier General Ganesh Vadekar speaks, “Our MISAT eyes have confirmation that the two expedition transports have departed Arcadia Base on a southwesterly course towards Phlegra at 150 kilometers per hour. Our intel seems to be checking out. The surprise attack will catch them with their defenses down! Major Shanyal, monitor the Arcadia transports and be prepared to intercept them as they leave Phlegra to return home. I want those transports completely and utterly destroyed! Take no prisoners. Leave no trace. Have IT-4 and your best infantry crew ready to leave at a moment’s notice. This is retribution for the destruction of the X-5 Platform and the Coalition’s draconian sanctions!”
Major Shanyal salutes, “Yes, sir! The IT-4 is loaded and armed. Our team is trained and prepared with armored suits and combat rifles. We are ready!”

Mars Arcadia Settlement Base
January 4, 2055
MCT SOL 6954: 14: 23: 51
Ellie Accardi Diary
The geology team that I’ve assembled for Phlegra is the best that I could find anywhere in the solar system. Jacob Petrov, my stepson, and I began discussing this expedition years ago. Jacob is an accomplished astrogeologist that I trained and mentored. I’ve watched him develop a keen sense of observation and analysis. His dissertation was on the stromatolites of Golombek Crater. Sofi and Alex are like an extension of my being. They’re masters at whatever they focus on. Engineering, astrophysics, and astrogeology came naturally to them. I’ve been fortunate to get them to take their eyes off the heavens and the Shiva threat for a while to focus on Phlegra. In addition, I have Jack Lewis and Amy Allen as geologists to round out my team.
We’ve worked remotely with CASSI on the expedition transports to optimize the Phlegra sampling program. We do wish that we were there in person but remotely we’ve been able to work around the clock. Our infrared-illuminated night work has been a particularly effective guide for finding the sweet spots of bastnaesite ore with concentrations of rare earth elements to exploit.
We’ve completed very successful sampling over the last three days, working with both transports. We land on designated coordinates and begin coring and ad hoc sampling. We’ve taken cores and rock samples on a one-kilometer grid with eighty-seven samples covering the anomaly. We’re doubling the sampling density near the center of the anomaly since the potential ore seems to be more concentrated there- like the bullseye of a target. All of the samples are cached in SRC. We’ll be wrapping it up and bringing the transports home tomorrow. My senses are tingling with the possibility of danger. Sofi, Alex, and the kiddos reconfirm their premonitions.
MCT SOL 6955: 01: 38: 29
It’s dark at Arcadia and well past midnight. CASSI detects a Bhahrat transport heat signature on satellite infrared and synthetic-aperture radar detectors as it lifts off from the isolated Arcadia Bhahrat Settlement. The settlement has been isolated under sanction since the Bhahrat lab attack at Arcadia.
CASSI sounds the alarm with Oleg, Ellie, and Security Chief Jeff Hendricks, waking them in their respective quarters. CASSI alerts Logan Walsh and his team on the CFAT on a secure channel. All transmissions are relayed to Coalition Command and the Coalition Space Force on an encrypted channel.
CASSI announces, “A Bhahrat transport has been detected lifting off from Arcadia Bhahrat Settlement. It is on a southwesterly course heading toward Phlegra at 170 kilometers per hour. ETA is five hours.”
“CFAT here. Acknowledged. We’re mirroring the telemetry and now we’re tracking the bogie’s approach.”
“Oleg here. Acknowledged.”
“Ellie here. Oleg, I’ll meet you in the Command Center after I shower and dress. CASSI, please have a CARIAN deliver coffee and breakfast.”
“Affirmative. The bogie is hugging the terrain, but taking an unpredictable course. Their net trajectory is undoubtedly aimed at Phlegra. We have a fix on their frequency and I’m working on unscrambling their transmissions.”
Ellie is momentarily dizzy from adrenaline with her pulse pounding in her ears. She holds onto a chair for a moment then pads off to the shower being quiet so she doesn’t wake Abby. This is not Abby’s fight.

Sofi and Alex are already in the Command Center before Oleg, Ellie, and Jeff Hendricks arrive. They were not included in CASSI’s alarm call, but rather had seen the Bhahrat transport take off in a dream vision. The CARIAN has delivered breakfast. The aroma of coffee is inviting.
“Dobroye utro,” Oleg croaks. “I don’t do mornings well on a good day but here we are.”
“Dobroye utro, brat,” Alex replies. “I think it was a good call to send the science transports robotically. I wouldn’t want our asses on the line out there.”
“You are most welcome,” CASSI replies.
Ellie says, “Yeah. You’ve done a supper job at Phlegra. Still, we need to get those transports home safely. They weren’t sent out there just as bait! We still need those samples.”
“We will get them home,” Jeff responds. “We’ll be the tactical eyes and ears of the expedition right here in the Command Center.”
“We’ve confirmed the Bhahrat transport as the IT-4,”Sofi says. “Now we know what we’re up against. We’ve been tracking it with MRO II. Look at their path, trying to stay out of line-of-sight radar, zigzagging around the pingos instead of flying high over them. As CASSI observed, their net trajectory is toward Phlegra.”
“When they’re about 100 klicks from the CFAT in Tanaka Crater,” Alex adds, “they’ll have no choice but to cross this flat area we’ve named the Nullarbor Plain.”
Jeff says, “I see it! The CFAT can slowly lift above the crater wall undetected to line up the best defensive shot.”
“I reserve the shoot order as Governor!” Oleg interjects. “Before the CFAT reveals its position, we’ll relay a satellite radio call on all open frequencies that Brigadier General Vadekar will hear loud and clear. That will give the IT-4 a thirty-second warning to stand down and turn around.”

IT-4 Kolkata
January 5, 2055
MCT SOL 6955: 05: 33: 27

“Sainkon, we are out of the ice mountains and into the open,” Major Jagadis Shanyal observes. “We will be in darkness until we reach our prey at Phlegra. This close to the terrain, their radar will not be able to see us. We will begin our attack run from twenty kilometers out so we can bring lasers, rail guns, and missiles to bear and obliterate their transports!”
“Pramukh Shanyal, the northern wall of Tanaka Crater is just appearing on radar. We are about ninety kilometers from it and it blocks any radar from Phlegra finding us from this direction. When we pass around the crater, we should drop our cruising altitude to five meters to avoid their radar.”
“Sakaaratmak Saarjent”
MCT SOL 6955: 05: 34: 39
Logan Walsh is on a secure channel. “Arcadia, this is CFAT. We are in position at the crater wall.”
“CFAT, Arcadia. Copy that you are in position. Standby.”
Arcadia broadcasting on all open frequencies: “Bhahrat vessel IT-4 and Brigadier General Ganesh Vadekar, This is Arcadia Governor Oleg Ivanov. We have been tracking you since you left Bhahrat towards Phlegra. We assume you have hostile intent towards our science expedition. We are giving you a thirty-second warning to stand down and turn around. This is your last warning. The clock begins now!”
“Arcadia, this is General Vadekar. Your transports are out of range and out of sight on the other side of Tanaka Crater. Pramukh Shanyal, maintain your course and speed!”
“Pushtikaarak Saamaany Vadekar!” (Confirmed General Vadekar).
CASSI reports, “IT-4 has refused to turn around. Their course and speed are unchanged.”
“IT-4, your time is up. CFAT, you’re cleared to engage your defensive barrage!”
On the secure channel: “Roger, we copy. We’re clear of the crater wall and locked onto the IT-4… CASSI, fire two missiles, fire ten laser rounds, and fire fifty railgun rounds on the hostile IT-4 transport!”
“Affirmative. Missiles away! Forty-seven seconds to impact.” The CFAT lurches as the missiles streak away at 1600 meters per second on pencils of purple flame.
“Lasers charged and firing round one. Rail guns firing on automatic.”
The huge hyper- CO2 laser capacitors whine as they cycle and fire. As the railguns let loose their fury, the CFAT reverberates with a loud clang! clang! clang! The railgun projectiles streak toward the target at twenty kilometers per second. The BVR-AAM missiles are programmed on separate trajectories to intersect the IT-4 from the port and starboard while hugging the terrain closely.

“Lock our lasers on those missiles and destroy them!” Major Shanyal barks.
The laser turret swivels and locks onto the missile coming in from starboard and unleashes a laser pulse just as an incoming laser round destroys the turret; incoming railgun rounds impact just in front of the IT-4. In the next second, one missile explodes harmlessly to starboard just as rail gun rounds find their target and pierce the armored hull of the IT-4. Shanyal is decapitated. The atmosphere of the transport shrieks as it escapes. The rest of the crew barely registers the pain in their lungs as their world ends in a bright, white flash. The second missile finds its mark! The remains of the transport impacts the surface in an explosion of red dust. Subsurface ice turns to steam in huge roiling cloud.

On the secure channel: “Arcadia, CFAT. The target is destroyed, confirming- target is destroyed!”
“CFAT, Arcadia. Roger. Copy that. The target is destroyed. We see that on MRO recon also. Transports 6 and 7 are headed your way. Request that you escort them home and then standby to back us up with some cleanup work here at Arcadia.”
“Copy that. CFAT will escort the science transports home and standby for orders.”

On an open frequency: “General Vadekar here. You have just destroyed our transport and our heroic crew on a legitimate science operation. You will pay for this Oleg Ivanov!”
“General Vadekar, our strike was purely defensive. We have unscrambled your transmitted orders and have proof of your hostile intent. This is the last time, Vadekar. This ends here and now! Arcadia out.”

Mars Arcadia Settlement Base
January 5, 2055
MCT SOL 6955: 06: 01: 17

Sofi and Alex are in the Command Center with Oleg, Ellie, and Jeff Hendricks.
Oleg says, “CASSI, send a recording of this meeting encrypted to Coalition Command.”
“Affirmative. The link is open and we’re sending now.”
“Hendricks, I want all of our security forces mobilized. I want all of your commandos plus fifty reserve troops to rout out Vadekar and all of their munitions in Bhahrat Arcadia. Vadekar will be brought to justice. Then we do the same at Bhahrat Erebus. Both of those settlements will be uprooted and moved away from us to Bhahrat III. We’ll provide robots and humanitarian aid to help them with the transition. India hasn’t earned its place to stay in the Coalition and to be part of Coalition civilization on Mars. They have a foothold at Bhahrat III and God forbid if Shiva debris claims Earth, perhaps Bhahrat one day will thrive and be peaceful.
“We built Mars civilization on the promise of peace,” Jeff replies, “and that gives us hope for humanity. Be careful if you hope to preserve peace by making war.”
“Dammit Jeff. We aren’t going to war. This is a punitive action to the provocations that Bhahrat has repeatedly hit us with. Those provocations are the threat to peace and they will stop now!”
“I pray you’re right.”
“Me too. You have a job to do. Just make sure you keep the upper hand.”
Twenty minutes later they have a video stream from Christof Scheibel with the Coalition Command and UN response.
“Coalition Command and the Coalition Space Force are on high alert. We want this to end with your police action on Mars. The sanction of the three Bhahrat settlements with complete enforced isolation has been in effect for five years. This has not been enough to curb India’s aggression. We will further tighten sanctions on India. These sanctions will surely keep them from developing their own settlement ships. We cannot start a war with them on Earth. General Vadekar has always been a rogue. You will have to deal with the Bhahrat situation on Mars in any way that you deem necessary. Your plan to capture Vadekar and his munitions and force them into isolation at Bhahrat III is approved. Coalition Command over and out.”
Mars Arcadia Settlement Base
January 6, 2055
MCT SOL 6956: 02: 01: 17

Ninety Coalition commandos and fifty reserve security troops muster in the Arcadia Nexus waiting orders to advance on the Bhahrat Arcadia Settlement. They are suited in PLSS[30] body armor and carrying SCR guns and stun grenades. The CFAT with eight Coalition commandos stands by at the Bhahrat airlock to block any escape or retaliatory forces from emerging. Troops and an armored transport are guarding the Erebus Bhahrat Settlement from reprisals. Ideally, they should raid both settlements simultaneously but that would spread their troops too thin. Erebus Bhahrat Settlement will be evacuated to Bhahrat III in due course. The independent Bhahrat III settlement is guarded under satellite surveillance and orbiting laser platform assets.
Jeff Hendricks leads the commandos and ten SCR wielding CARIAN robots to Bhahrat Arcadia through the big tunnel from the Nexus. His commandos are divided into three assault squadrons with each squadron headed by a ranking Commander. A-Squad, led by Logan Walsh, has fifty troops. B-Squad, led by Jordan Miller, has twenty troops. C- Squad, led by Linus Pelzer, has twenty troops. Keegan Huber stays back to wait with the reserve troops in case they’re needed. The settlements are on lock down drill with hatches sealed. The troops all have POV body cameras that can be monitored by CASSI and the Command Center.
No one except the troops, CASSI, and the Command Center know what’s going down. Bhahrat Arcadia is unaware that they are about to be raided. Most of the settlement should be sleeping. The Bhahrat settlement has been locked down by CASSI’s encrypted hatch seal since their commandos attacked the Arcadia lab five years ago.
On a secure channel: “As we practiced on the sims,” Hendricks announces, “our objective is to disarm Bhahrat and capture General Vadekar and Colonel Kumar alive to face trial. We’re confident from our inside intel that the map is accurate. A-Squad secures Bhahrat troop barracks. B-Squad secures Bhahrat Command Center. C-Squad secures General Vadekar and Colonel Kumar’s quarters. I’ll hold back with the CARIANs to come to the aid of any squad that gets their tighty-whities in a bunch. After the first objectives are taken, we’ll sweep every square meter of this settlement to disarm it. CASSI has disarmed their alarm system and will open the main airlock door on my command. We’ll deploy quietly and quickly to our objectives. We pounce when we’re in position and CASSI issues the order for the settlement to surrender and lay down their arms. That order will be given early if any squad encounters resistance. “
“Ready. CASSI, please open the airlock!”
“Affirmative.”
The large airlock door unlatches with a scritch, click, thunk! The door, though not as wide as the corridor, is wide enough to allow the troops to enter two abreast. Like paratrooper static line jumping from a C-37, it only takes thirty seconds for all three squads to enter Bhahrat and scramble to their objectives. Amazingly, they meet no resistance as they split down separate corridors and pause for CASSI to open the sealed doors to their objectives and give the order for Bhahrat to surrender.
“A-Squad is in place!”
“B-Squad is ready!”
“C-Squad is go!”
The sealed doors click open. CASSI blares on the settlement PA system, “Bhahrat Kaalonee, apane aramaanon ko poora karen aur aatmasamarpan karen! Aapako nukasaan nahin hoga!”
A-Squad charges through the door to the Bhahrat troop barracks with their SCR rifles raised and ready.
Logan Walsh bellows, “Aatmasamarpan! Surrender and lay down your weapons! You will not be harmed!”
Bhahrat commandos are scrambling from their bunks looking scared, dazed, and confused. Some are reaching for their weapons.
“Haath oopar! Arms up!”
Surrendered troops are quickly led out into the corridor. Some of the Bhahrat commandos, now armed with conventional, old AK-47 rifles, dive for cover and dig in behind bunks. A firefight begins! Bullets ricochet off of ceramic body armor. Several surrendering troops are hit by the wild fire and fall. A bullet pierces the faceplate of a Coalition commando with a splash of red. He falls, never feeling his instant demise.
As quickly as it began, the leading Coalition commandos advance and throw stun grenades behind the bunks. Kaboom! Boom! Bam! Boom! This skirmish is over. They begin corralling the seventy-five Bhahrat commandos into the corridor. It’s too late for Coalition Commando Vitto Sanna.
“Bhahrat troop barracks are secure,” Logan reports.

On CASSI’s command, B-Squad charges through the door to the Bhahrat Command Center.
Jordan Miller yells, “Aatmasamarpan! Surrender and lay down your weapons! You will not be harmed!”
From behind the door, a Bhahrat commando strikes out at Jordan with his ceremonial Gurkha khukuri knife. The commando’s desperate thrust desperately tried to make contact, until he’d extended beyond his center of balance. As the blade barely skimmed Jordan’s armored chest, he snatches the commando’s wrist with his right hand and steps back to his right. Then Jordan drops his weight and slams his elbow into the commando’s knife wielding arm at the joint. The man chokes out a scream as he dropped the khukuri knife without drawing blood then fell to the floor with his arm broken. It was a Gurkha’s curse wield his blade without drawing blood.
There are six Bhahrat commandos in the Command Center.
“Haath oopar! Arms up!” Miller shouts. The six men comply.
“The Command Center is secure,” Miller reports on their encrypted channel. “No sign of General Vadekar or Colonel Kumar.”
“Roger that,” Hendricks replies.

On CASSI’s command, C-Squad charges through the doors leading to the General Vadekar and Colonel Kumar’s quarters. There are two Gurkha guards, one guarding each interior door.
Linus Pelzer commands, “Aatmasamarpan! Surrender and lay down your weapons! You will not be harmed!”
The two guards are facing twenty Coalition commandos with their SCR rifles aimed at their heads. The guards’ duty demands them instinctively to draw their laser pistols and fire at Pelzer as he and the four men flanking him fire back at the guards. The Coalition Commandos shift their aim to shoulders, arms, and wrists neutralizing the guards’ gun threat. Both of the guards are slammed against the wall and slump down writhing in pain.
Vadekar’s door cracks open, and his wife’s face peeks out hesitantly. She has dark brown hair pulled back from a round face with wide, terror-stricken, yet suspicious eyes.
Linus tries to give her a smile and then commands, ““Aatmasamarpan! Haath oopar! Arms up!”
The woman complies with a meek whimper. Then from the room beyond-- kaboom! The woman screams in an ungodly loud shriek and then faints. Pelzer and four of his commandos barge into the room past the prone woman with their rifles high. Vadekar lies dead in pool of blood spreading from a self-inflicted head shot.
“Get Kumar quick!” Linus barks into his radio.
Four commandos barge into the room next door...Kaboom! They witness Kumar’s head explode from the 45 pistol he had jammed under his chin. There will be no command prisoners and no trial.

In two hours they have searched the entire settlement gathering weapons. There is no more resistance in the face of so many armed troops. A detail of CARIAN robots are used to dig three graves at the Arcadia cemetery- one for Coalition Commando Vitto Sanna, one for Brigadier General Ganesh Vadekar, and one for Colonel Diyal Kumar.
MCT SOL 6956: 05: 01: 26
The police action is repeated at Erebus Bhahrat Settlement without incident. The settlement surrendered and it was swept for weapons. A large stockpile was discovered and removed.
Then the police action is taken to the independent Bhahrat III Settlement. CASSI has no ties to their infrastructure. Coalition troops mass at the Bhahrat III main airlock in a standoff that lasts for two hours. Aside from the orbital laser platform threat, the commandos are prepared to blow the main airlock to gain entry. The Coalition must purge Bhahrat of all of their weapons.
Colonel Gambhir Singh is the leader of Bhahrat III and their commandos. While he’s firmly committed to an independent Bhahrat settlement on Mars, he was never a part of the treachery that planned the attack on the Arcadia Lab, the attack on the 2054 colonist fleet outbound from Earth, or the venture to attack the Phlegra Expedition.

On the open frequency channel: “Bhahrat III, Arcadia. Colonel Singh, this is Arcadia Governor Oleg Ivanov. We have shared ceremonies so I know that your command of English is superb. We are evacuating Bharat Arcadia and Bhahrat Erebus to Bhahrat III to remove their threat to Coalition settlements. We will help you to survive and thrive peacefully here on Mars.
“Your settlement is surrounded and we respectfully request that you surrender. Open your airlock to allow our troops to enter. Under these trying circumstances, we have no choice but to ask you to peacefully surrender your armaments. If you refuse, we will enter with overwhelming force. This will result in needless deaths in your esteemed settlement. You have thirty seconds to respond. Arcadia, over…”
“Fifteen seconds…”
“Singh here. You’re bluffing! You think I will just open our doors to your aggression?”
“Perhaps I will allow a respite for a demonstration. Put eyes on your transport at your Airlock 2.”
“We have monitors there. Why?”
“CASSI, fire orbital assets at the transport. Now please!”
“Locked and firing now.”
The parked Bhahrat transport briefly glows with far-infrared carbon dioxide laser pulses. The super-heated propellants in the transport explode in violent fireball showering the settlement with flaming debris.
“Singh, I generously give you ten more seconds to surrender!”
“Chutiya! Bhahrat surrenders to your aggression! The UN will hear of this!”
“Wise choice Singh. The UN has no jurisdiction on Mars. The Coalition will maintain peace on Mars. Open your main airlock to the Coalition. Now!”

Four transports are used to begin to ferry two hundred and twenty Bhahrat Arcadia settlers and commandos to the disarmed Bhahrat III settlement. Another two hundred sixty settlers are ferried from Bhahrat Erebus.
This police action is not the situation that any Coalition colonist ever expected for their vision of a peaceful Mars. It is hoped that the successful conclusion of disarming Bhahrat, will bring peace through deterrence.
The Bhahrat III quarters and infrastructure are cramped with the new arrivals. Resources are now stretched to the limit. They had barely enough spare room to accommodate the new arrivals. The Coalition settlements Arcadia and Erebus provide them the resources to expand and survive. Without SpaceTrans ships, India’s ISRO on Earth is a long way from building settlement ships to expand their presence on Mars. Old grudges die hard, but for now there is peace.
CASSI-L, the CASSI version isolated in the lab with the alien artifact, has communicated the most recent Bhahrat attack and Coalition response to the Thelud AI presence in The Box. Ellie, Sofi, and Alex have been careful to have CASSI explain the Coalition’s defensive, nonaggression posture in all the incidents with India and ATek.
The response was interpreted that humanity is flawed, but fundamentally the Coalition represents the best of humanity. The Coalition remains on track to achieve the Fourth Level directive that the Thelud expect for humanity to join the FTL interstellar club.

The Phlegra samples have proven the discovery of commercial deposits of rare earths resources. It has gotten the attention of GalRex and ATek. GalRex claims the resources for the Coalition and they are planning operations with refining and manufacturing facilities at Phlegra. ATek is bristling but powerless to intervene.
Manufacturing of vital electronic components on Mars is assured. This will lead to more export opportunities. The new resources will be used in batteries, catalysts, lasers, magnets, and computer memory. The latest supercomputers and AI depend on the new sources of gadolinium, yttrium, terbium, and europium in their hyperprocessors.
Summer Dome Celebration
Mars Arcadia Settlement Base
March 17, 2055
MCT SOL 7026: 14: 00: 27
Ellie Accardi Personal Diary
Oleg Ivanov has reached the end of his six-year term as Governor. Today, I, Rafaela Adria Accardi, age 71, have been elected as Governor of United Arcadia. On the surface, it seems like a silly joke to me. Others were considered: Abby Denton- declined due to her priority on medical work; Sofi and Alex- declined due to pressing work on Shiva debris tracking; Jacob Petrov- legacy as Coby’s son; John Meek, Jameel al-Badie, Sam Jennings, Jochem Nabers- none of them gained enough popular support. So here I am, drafted to be Governor!
Straw polling showed that I was overwhelmingly favored. The formal election was held today and confirmed by Coalition Command. If I step outside of myself, I can see the logic of the masses that got me elected. I endured the longest isolation mission ever for a crew as small as four on The Aquila Mission. We survived many scrapes with death then and in our first years on Mars. I served by Coby’s side with him as the first Governor of Arcadia. I’ve been in the Council of Arcadia from the beginning. Paula Jennings paved the way as the first woman Governor.

Today was a big day for celebration in the Summer Dome. To begin, we celebrated my inauguration. My short speech may have been banal but it was heartfelt. I spoke about peace on Mars. God willing, we might have a chance at that with Bhahrat being disarmed.
More importantly, Oleg and Olga’s daughter, Oksana, was married to Travis Frank with Sandy Conklin presiding as Chaplain. Oksana and Travis were the first babies born on Mars. It was a beautiful ceremony set amidst the aromas of Arcadia’s trees in blossom.
No celebration in the Summer Dome goes without swimming and frolicking and a bit of gossip. The other firstborn Martians from Arcadia- Filip Petrov, Adele Earhart, Seramun Fukoshima- all are eighteen. Filip and Adele will be married next year. Seramun’s fiancé, Oyama Shoyo, is nineteen. He arrived on Mars in the first hib-sleep Colossus ship nine years ago. My grandchildren, Stella and Andrei, are ten and are best friends with the Weidmann twins, Jana and Markus. Sofi and Alex’s premonitions say that they’re destined to be together.
Mars Fleet Arrival
ISC-1701 Europa
May 17, 2055
178: 09: 37: 29 MET
Commander Vincent Vellux Personal Diary
It’s been a long haul getting to Mars but we’re almost there. The crews of the Europa, Ganymede, and Callisto have been handling all of the required maintenance on the three settlement ships with expert care. Thankfully, none of the system faults have gone to a full-blown emergency. We’re well supplied with replacement parts and the ability to make parts with our 3D replicators.
The three Colossus II ships each have 584 passengers, with more than half in hib-sleep. All is well with them and they’ll remain in hib-sleep until we enter Mars orbit. After they wake and get acclimated, we’ll take them down to their new homes on Mars.
The two hundred waking settlers per ship have handled the long trip with only a few confrontations and mental health breakdowns. A health concern has cropped up on the Ganymede. Commander Adam Bury reports that in the last two days, ten of the crew and settlers have been admitted to sickbay with an unknown respiratory infection and fever. Our sterile isolation regimen should have eradicated virtually all pathogen borne illnesses. So far we’ve been remarkably successful in settling Mars without pathogens cropping up causing disease.
Libby Rosci, the Ganymede flight surgeon, has reported the anomalous illness to the Coalition and to Abby Denton at Arcadia Base. Libby is running diagnostic tests to determine what the pathogen might be and work out a possible treatment. Meanwhile, we may be facing a quarantine situation on the Ganymede. This is unprecedented and the implications for Ganymede’s return to Earth are uncertain.
The good news that I can offer is that the close quarters on the ship can facilitates socialization and bonding one hopes; good relations among the settlers are the most precious resources these ships can deliver, apart from the people themselves. I have officiated over ten weddings on the Europa. Out of all the settlers, eight couples are now pregnant. The other ships are reporting similar numbers.
During the Earth to Mars transit, the ship has been controlled from Command Deck R on the A Level of forward Ring 1. The entire ship can be controlled from there in the luxury of spin-gravity. There are monitor screens for all ship’s systems and view screens that can be switched to view fore, aft, and any sector of ship’s space in visual, infrared, and radar view. In the final Mars approach phase, the control will be managed from the primary Command Deck forward on the CCV. Here, the expansive views of the approaching red planet are inspiring after the long, confined cruise.
I just had my daily swim regimen and I’m feeling full of energy. The gravity of the ring is comforting, but the close quarters can feel like prison without exercise and escape to VR visions of Earth and nature. The traditional VR exercise equipment, the TARED[31], has been with us since the Aquila Mission back in 2023. Each Colossus II ship has four TARED exercise bays. The variety of VR sims for exercising is really good for mental health.
In addition, with the advent of artificial gravity in the torus rings, we have the luxury of four-meter resistance swimming pools in each exercise bay. They are located at the four quadrants of the aft Ring 2 to equalize the mass.
The pools get constant use. The exercise is more stimulating than the TARED. Swimming is over fifty percent of the clocked exercise routine for our waking settlers and crew. The water is constantly filtered and part of the ship’s potable water system.
177: 14: 46: 19 MET
There are three days until Mars arrival. Commander Adam Bury, XO Babs Rosci, and pilots Sam Sereno and Will Ambrosia are isolated on the Ganymede CCV Command Deck. Their flight surgeon, Libby Rosci, has ordered them and other critical ship’s crew stay isolated in the CCV during the outbreak of the unknown infection. The outbreak so far is confined to the forward Ring 1 with the waking settlers. Ring 1 is in strict quarantine. The A-Level of the aft Ring 2, dedicated to the hib-sleep settlers, is kept in isolation. Libby Rosci reports that she now has eighteen patients in sickbay. Five of the original patients are having multiple organ failure involving lungs, liver, and kidneys.
Our three Colossus II ships Europa, Ganymede, and Callisto, flip stern towards Mars and burn their ion engines to begin slowing their Mars bound velocity. The ion engine burn will last three days until the final burn with the big RT-5 methane/oxygen engines to settle the big ships into Mars orbit. The deceleration from the ion engines is barely noticeable. The Colossus II ships fall behind the twenty-four Colossus supply ships. We will arrive at Mars about twelve hours behind the supply ships.
180: 09: 27: 38 MET
Halley Simon, XO of Europa, and pilots Brian Gilbert and Mason Koch are on duty on Command Deck R of Europa. Vincent Vellux, Commander of ISC-1701 Europa, enters and greets his crew then prepares to call Mars to announce their arrival.
“CASSI, please open a channel to Arcadia Base.”
“Affirmative…Arcadia is standing by.”
“Arcadia Base, Europa. Arcadia Base, this is Commander Vincent Vellux of Europa.”
“Europa, Arcadia Base here. This is Oleg Ivanov. We read you five-by-five. We’ve been expecting you.”
“Greetings Oleg. I’m honored to be speaking to such a legend. We have our twenty-four cargo ships in the entry corridor spaced out for the landing sequence you designated. We have your landing pad coordinates to divide the landings at Arcadia, Erebus, Galileo, and Copernicus. The landings will commence in one hour. Our three settlement ships will follow and enter orbit twelve hours later at 2200 MCT as planned. We’ll standby for establishing the landing protocols for the settlers.”
“We copy that your cargo ships are entering the landing sequence and your settlement ships will enter orbit at 2205 MCT. We have Colossus ships standing by at each base to rendezvous with you to help ferry the settlers down. We have your recommended passenger lists and destinations. We welcome happy, healthy settlers! Wishing you a safe arrival. Arcadia, over.”
“Roger that Arcadia. We’re synced with your CASSI AI so that you’ll have a constant update from each ship. Europa, over and out.”

Mars United Arcadia Settlements
May 19, 2055
MCT SOL 7089: 08: 01: 16

The twenty-four Colossus supply ships are staggered and separated so that the first four ships enter Mars atmosphere simultaneously but with each targeting its designated landing pad at Arcadia, Erebus, Galileo, or Copernicus Bases. Two minutes later, the next four ships begin their Mars entry. Each ship takes seven minutes of fiery atmospheric entry before transitioning to main engine retrofire. Then each ship settles down gracefully on its assigned landing pad. The landing ballet continues until all twenty-four ships are down safely with six ships at each settlement base.

ISC-1701 Europa
May 19, 2055
180: 22: 01: 15 MET

The Command crew straps into their seats on the Command Deck and the settlers strap into their seats in their quarters. All the seats are on a gimbal to keep the g forces pointing toward the seat bottom. The hib-sleep pods also rotate to keep g forces to the sleeper’s back and keep them from sliding in the pod.
“Ship deceleration orientation is complete.” CASSI announces. “Center engine ignition in three…two…one…ignition. The burn is for six minutes thirty-eight seconds.”
“Thanks CASSI. Right on the money.” Commander Vellux grunts against the g forces.
The Europa enters Mars orbit at an altitude of 350 kilometers. With the relatively fragile hab rings on the ship, aerobraking is not an option. The nearly two-hour orbit passes over Arcadia Planitia four times every Martian day.
All three Colossus II interplanetary ships have now entered Mars orbit for a thirty-day debarkation and refueling window before their return launch to Earth. First, they plan to begin the process of debarking the waking settlers in Colossus I ships with one hundred settlers per transfer load. Meanwhile the hib-sleep settlers are awakened and reoriented before debarkation. The debarkation process will take two weeks with two weeks for refueling with Mars manufactured propellant before the launch window opens for returning to Earth.

ISC-1701 Europa
May 19, 2055
180: 23: 05: 46 MET

Sofia Bell sees unfocussed bright light waking from hib-sleep. She thinks, “Who am I? Where am I? Oh God! I must be dead!... No-- Mars! Owen? …Rob?... Beth?” Sofia struggles in her hib-sleep pod. A face looming over her begins to come into focus.
Dr. Kelly Tumlinson, Europa’s Flight Surgeon and Hib-sleep specialist, has begun the process of waking the sleepers one at a time.
“Sofia, I’m Kelly Tumlinson, your hib-sleep doctor. We’re orbiting Mars so it’s time to wake up. You’ll feel bad and disoriented for a few hours. Kathy Brum and Mary James will be attending to you and your family through the process of awakening to get your bodies rebooted so to speak. Welcome to the other side! I’m on call if you need me.”
Sofia manages a raspy response. “H-h-help m-me…I f-feel bad…Can’t tell if…if I’m dying…”
“We’re here to get you back on your feet.” Kathy says. “We’re giving you a stimulant in your IV. You’ll start feeling better soon… Here are some drops to help your eyes...We’ll get you sitting up in a little while. You must stay still for now until we can get your IV and catheter out.”
“M-my family?”
“They’re fine. They’re coming around now just a few minutes behind you. We thought it best to get you on your feet first so you can give them your encouragement.”
“S-sure…Better put some happy juice in my IV then.”
“I already have.”

Fifteen minutes later Sofia is sitting up and is disconnected from the tubes. Kathy and Mary are tending to Owen and the kids.
“Uhhh…my head!...w-where?”
“Easy Mr. Williams. You’re on the Europa ship and we’re orbiting Mars! We’re bringing you out of hib-sleep. Please lie still for a while longer.”
“S-Sofia are you there?” Owen croaks.
“I’m here Owen. Look to your right.”
“Everything… is…blurry.”
“Here are some eye drops to help that Mr. Williams,” Mary says.
Sofia gets up on her rubbery legs holding the edge of the pod bed. She makes her way over to Owen and gives him a kiss.
“I’m here Owen.”
“Mmm…Love…you.”
“Eeee!...Mmom!” Beth squeals in the pod next to Owen. “H-h-help me!”
Kathy is hovering over her. “Your Mom and Dad are here. You’re just waking up from a long sleep.”
Sofia manages to wobble over to Beth. “I’m here Beth darling. I know it feels bad at first but you’ll be up soon.”
“Icky…crap! I f-feel… awful!” Rob manages a mumble as Mary works on his IV. “M-momm!”
“I’m here Rob!” Sofia says in a comforting voice. “You’re waking from hib-sleep. We’re orbiting Mars! You’ll feel bad for a little while. You can get up soon.”
“Your family is doing great.” Kathy reassures them. “When we get all of you on your feet, we need you to drink some special punch that will nourish you and get your bowels moving again.”
“Eeww!” Beth whines.
“I know. It sounds awful but it actually tastes good and it will help your tummies feel better soon.”

The task of reviving the 384 hib-sleep settlers on each Colossus II ship, twelve per torus segment, will take about two weeks. There is no rush since the waking settlers must be shuttled to the surface first. All except the waking settlers on the Ganymede. Their debarkation is on hold until the outbreak of infection can be addressed and possibly arrested.

ISC-1702 Ganymede
May 25, 2055
185: 13: 13: 21 MET

Libby Rosci just sent her medical report to Commander Adam Bury on the Ganymede CCV Command Deck. He reads the report with grave concern. The report has also been sent to Ellie Accardi and Abby Denton at Arcadia.
“Babs, this is bad,” Adam Bury laments. “Libby reports that we have fifty-three people stricken with this illness on our ship. We can’t even have a face-to-face meeting with her. We’re isolated here for the duration. The worst cases are in sickbay but its overflowing. Seven people have died from multiple organ failure. Libby and her team have vacated crew quarters near Central Medical to expand the medical facilities to accommodate up to a hundred more patients. CASSI, please get Dr. Rosci on the vidcom. Contact Governor Accardi at Arcadia and get her on a conference link.”
“Affirmative. I am paging Dr. Rosci… It will be a moment so she can finish with a patient and get out of her PPE… Governor Accardi and Dr. Denton are standing by at Arcadia.”

The vidcom comes to life on the Command Deck. Ellie and Abby are on the screen. “Good afternoon Commander Burry, Ellie Accardi and Abby Denton here. We’re sorry to read the report of the medical situation on your ship.”
“Yes, it’s not good. We’re isolated and safe on the Command Deck. Libby Rosci will be on momentarily to discuss the outbreak.”
Dr. Rosci’s face appears on the split vidcom screen. “Adam and Governor Accardi, this is Libby. I assume you’ve read my report.”
“Yes and I’ve just been discussing it with Babs,” Adam says. “Can you make time to discuss this?”
“My team is covering for me,” Libby replies. “We have important things to talk about and Mars needs to know everything.”
“We couldn’t agree more Dr. Rosci,” Ellie adds. “We appreciate your candor.”

Babs addresses her sister, “Libby, do you know what’s causing the infection and why their organs are failing?”
“Well yes, I’ve made some progress there. I processed samples from the first five patients. This infection is out of the blue. The disease is caused by a previously unknown virus in the filovirus family. The nasty news is that it causes symptoms most similar to Marburg hemorrhagic fever. It damages the walls of the victim’s capillaries, making them leaky and interferes with the blood's ability to clot. Many harmless viruses are resident in our gut, lung, skin, and blood. Eradicating those harmless viruses was not possible or necessary for our settlers and crew even with our rigorous screening and prelaunch quarantine process to eradicate viral and bacterial pathogens. I think that cosmic radiation on our voyage caused a mutation that turned a harmless virus into a killer. It’s extremely contagious by human contact and may even be airborne.”
“That’s bad! But, we’ve got to honor our commitment to get all the settlers down to Mars,” Babs insists.
“We can’t risk bringing the contagion down here!” Abby replies even more emphatically. “Libby, you have your Ganymede waking settlers in isolation. I’m afraid there’s no way we can allow them down here and there’s no time to develop a vaccine during your short return launch window. We’re isolating the rest of the waking settlers from all ships when they come down to Mars in the vacated Bhahrat settlements at Arcadia and Erebus for at least one-month of strict quarantine. We have the settlements renovated and sanitized. Their life support systems and aquaponics farms are in great shape. The awakened hib-sleep settlers from all ships can go to their new homes designated at the four United Arcadia Settlement Bases but we’ll still require them to be in isolation for a month.”
“The outbreak so far is confined to Ganymede’s forward Ring 1 with the waking settlers,” Libby says. “Ring 1 is in strict quarantine. The A-Level of the aft Ring 2, dedicated to the hib-sleep settlers, is kept in isolation so there will be no contagion from them when they transfer down. More than half of our waking settlers are isolated from the patients. They’re in lockdown in their quarters and we’re delivering their meals with robots. We’re hopeful that they will stay healthy.”
“Yes, God willing, but we cannot accept them down here,” Ellie maintains. “We don’t have a huge population that can withstand an epidemic. We’re trying to build a robust, healthy population here independent of Earth.”
“We’ll work 24/7 to help you develop antiviral therapies and a vaccine.” Abby adds.
“And we’ll supply you with all the supplies you need to take the Ganymede waking settlers back to Earth,” Ellie concludes.
“That’s a tough sentence for people coming here hoping for a new start, “Adam responds. “We could be a ghost ship by the time we get back to Earth.”
“Hey, that’ll be enough of the doom and gloom Commander,” Libby protests. “I’m on the front lines here, but I’m confident that we’ll beat this. You’re safe on the CCV. I’m confident that the isolated settlers will remain healthy, but I can’t guarantee their happiness. Ellie’s right, we’ll have to return them to Earth. Our sleepers are being awakened and are totally isolated from the contagion. I see no reason why they can’t be transferred down.”
Abby says, “We can agree with that. They’ll still have to be isolated down here until we’re sure all the new settlers are healthy.”
“Great. We can still use the CCV for the transfers.”
“No Commander,” Ellie protests. “I insist that you remain in orbit on the CCV. We’ll send our Colossus transports to you to bring the settlers down. We can’t be too careful.”

Mars Mobile Landing Pad moves a Colossus to hard dock with pressurized passenger and cargo elevator. Author claims credit for this idea. Crew exit from the Cargo Deck since the aft of the ship is fuel tanks and engines. (Modified from SpaceX image)
Mars Arcadia Settlements
July 1, 2055
MCT SOL 7132: 11: 24: 51
Governor Ellie Accardi Personal Diary
It’s been a long six weeks since the settlement fleet arrived. We have assimilated over fifteen hundred new settlers for Mars. The waking settlers on Ganymede were refused entry. It was a harsh but necessary course of action to protect our still small population.
We helped shuttle the settlers down to our settlements. We resupplied and refueled the big Colossus II ships for their return journey. They left Mars orbit about two weeks ago. We’re still unloading the twenty-four supply ships and that will help us assimilate the large number of new settlers. We’ll have welcome celebrations at each of the United Arcadia Settlements next week when all of the new settlers are released from quarantine and isolation. Thankfully, none of the new settlers brought the virus down to Mars and got sick.
The virus took its course on the Ganymede ship returning to Earth. The virus infected virtually all of the two hundred returning settlers. Sixty-seven of the returning settlers died. Abby has been working with Ganymede’s Dr. Libby Rosci to develop a vaccine and hopes to have it ready before the ship gets to Earth. They did use platelet therapy with antibodies from recovered patients to help stave off more deaths on the ship. All of them will have to be certified virus free before they can be accepted back on Earth.
The emotional toll on the returning Ganymede settlers and crew has been terrible. Dr. Rosci is an excellent MD but she can’t heal the post-traumatic stress. Chaplain Sandy Conklin and her wife, Psychologist Dao-Min Cai, have spent untold hours counseling the refugee settlers. The vid-consults help immensely but the light time delay is becoming awkward as the ship gets farther from us.
Taking so many bodies back to Earth is not an option. Commander Adam Bury presided over traditional ceremonies of burial-at-sea and committed the bodies to the depths of space. The bodies were placed in bags with a commemoration to the person placed inside. Since the epidemic has run its course and everyone remaining on Ganymede has been treated with antibody infusions, the command crew isolated on the CCV have rejoined the others in the hab ring. Many of the returning settlers have opted for hib-sleep.
When the crews and refugee settlers get back to Earth, they can decide whether to stay on Earth or return to Mars. If they wish to return, they will be at the front of the line at the next launch window in January 2057.
Sophia Bell Personal Diary
Our family had been super eager for the chance to move to Mars as settlers. Isolation is not what we’d expected as a welcome to our new home. We finally reached the end of isolation about two weeks ago. Our experience of isolation has not been as hard as the waking settlers who were in strict quarantine. In addition to that, they had the six-month outbound trip in rather tight quarters while we were sleeping snugly in our pods.
In school on Mars, the kids placed a little behind where they were back on Earth. Kids here learn at their own pace. We think they’ll catch up fast and thrive as students with the TLC that Owen and I can lavish on them since we left our busy NASA careers in the rearview mirror. Beth and Rob have adjusted quickly. It’s been fun to watch them bounce around in Mars light gravity. They’ve both found a few good friends their age. They met at the settlement rec center. As parents, Owen and I don’t have to worry about the kids going out exploring. Their wrist-cells allow us to keep track of them. It won’t give them access to restricted areas.
Before we left Earth I wrote- We will miss the green forests. Of all the things we will miss, we will long for the blue ocean, strolling on a soft sand beach with breaking waves from the vastness beyond. We traded that for the novelty of being Martians. The isolation in the underground settlement dampened our enthusiasm.
I thought I would never see anything like Earth again, but we were amazed when we joined two other families in the Summer Dome. The trees and flowers smell like Earth. The soft pink sand is our new beach. The blue water of the lake is warm and inviting. The kids had a blast swimming and later got into an impromptu soccer game. Owen and I had some alone time with a nice stroll through the small forest and botanical gardens. Then we went for a swim, spending time floating on our backs holding hands and looking up at the pink sky. We were being warmed by the same Sun that warmed us on Earth…

CHAPTER 3 The Lutetia Incident
“Noise proves nothing. Often a hen who has merely laid an egg cackles as if she laid an asteroid.”
Mark Twain
Shiva is coming….
GalRex Freighter Hyperion
March 23, 2059
MET 00: 00: 07: 23

The GalRex Freighter Hyperion has a crew of ten and a cargo capacity of 150 MT. She is launching out-bound from asteroid Lutetia to Earth-space with a valuable load of metals mined from asteroid Lutetia.

“We’ve lost coms with Lutetia. CASSI, please give me a readout on our burn and trajectory,” Commander Clint Aldron requests.
“The burn is nominal at 105% thrust. MECO in forty seconds…” “Alert! I have radar contact with an unidentified ship off our stern quarter. No ships are scheduled in this space. There is no transponder return from our ping. They are closing with us at 1.38 kilometers per second.”
“Damn! We’ve never encountered a threat before!” exclaims XO Jenny Essex. “Distance and closure time?”
“The bogey is fifty kilometers out and will be in close proximity in thirty-six seconds. MECO in five seconds... Engines shutdown and purged.” The crew remains strapped in in weightlessness.
“Continue the trajectory. Train the railgun turret on the bogey and keep pinging their transponder! Open all hailing frequencies.”
“You are hot on all frequencies Commander.”
“Unknown vessel off our port quarter, this is the Hyperion on a peaceful transport mission. Please identify yourself and state your intentions...Lutetia Base, Hyperion… Lutetia Base, Hyperion, please respond!”

Galactic Resource Exploration, GalRex, is the asteroid mining consortium started in 2036 by the International Space Coalition. They have successfully mined permanently shaded craters at the Moon’s South Pole, near Earth asteroids like Bennu, the moons of Mars- Phobos and Deimos, and the asteroids Ceres and Lutetia in the main belt. The GalRex mining installation at Lutetia has been operational since 2056. It’s the most profitable of all asteroid mining operations anywhere in the solar system. For GalRex, it’s the goose that lays golden eggs.

ATek Frigate Gorshkov
March 23, 2059
MET 185: 09: 24: 23
Patrushev Denisovich, Komendant ATek Belt Force, and Kotov Tarasovich, Kapitan ATek Belt Force are on the command bridge of the ATek Frigate Gorshkov.
“Tam eto Lyutetsiya Komendant! We’re five thousand klicks out from the asteroid. The decrypted coms have the GalRex transport freighter departing in an hour just as we’re approaching.”
“Da Kotov. You’ve set up the perfect attack to hit their base and the freighter in one pass. The trick is going to be to neutralize the freighter crew and leave the ship and its cargo intact. We’ll do the same with Lutetia Base. We must make sure the mining equipment is left operational so we can take it over. This must work perfectly. We’ve all agreed that if our backs are against the wall, we will not be taken prisoner to account for this operation. Dlya Rossii!”
“For Russia!” Kotov confirms.
Asteroid Tekhnolgii, ATek, is an asteroid mining company started in 2038 by Russian oligarch Eristov Antonovich. While Russia is officially a respected member of the Coalition, it turns a blind eye to ATek’s independent mining operations. Antonovich desperately wants to increase ATek’s market share in this lucrative business.

GalRex Lutetia Asteroid Mining Base
March 23, 2059
ALM SOL 1036: 09: 51: 36

The big mining machines work robotically 24/7 with a minimal crew to oversee their programmed digging progress. The largest contingent of the mining base crew is dedicated to maintenance. The pay is great and that’s the only lure to a dangerous and mostly monotonous career. There may be months of boredom punctuated with moments of gut wrenching terror when something breaks down or worse- explodes.
Frank Jones and Debbie Teller are in the thirteenth month of their rotation tour on Lutetia as maintenance techs. Frank is an imposing figure with a square jaw and a face scarred from a mining accident. Debbie has sandy brown hair and an attractive athletic build. Neither of them are affable, but they’re attracted to each other like rare-earth magnets. They do have a joking rivalry with Frank being from Texas and Debbie from Colorado.
Debbie teases, “What does a Texas Aggie grad call a Colorado Mines grad?”
“Dumbass?”
“No- the BOSS!”
They hooked up on the long trip out to the asteroid. Now they spend most of their sleep cycles in Frank’s cramped crew pod. It rotates on the crew torus to keep them in Mars equivalent gravity. Today’s sleep cycle starts at 10: 00. Their lovemaking is fresh and creative. They keep the joy of it as the best therapy to keep their sanity on the rock. Marriage is not what either of them wants. They cherish their human companionship.

Lutetia’s orbit is similar to Ceres, but with Ceres being more inclined to the ecliptic plane. Both orbits are nearly circular with Lutetia at 2.4 AU and Ceres 2.7 AU from the Sun. This is ideal for Lutetia mining operations to be supported by the bases at Ceres. The CSF Destroyers Overlord and Normandy patrol the orbits between Lutetia and Ceres to ensure that independent mining companies don’t interfere with Coalition and GalRex mining operations. ATek’s sabotage of GalRex Earth orbital and lunar facilities back in 2054 underscored the need for deep space defense.
Lutetia has an irregular shape 75 by 100 by 120 kilometers. It’s heavily cratered, with the largest impact crater measuring 45 kilometers in diameter. It has a high average density, meaning that it is made of metal-rich rock. It is most similar to an MB chondrite meteorite-- metal rich in iron, nickel, aluminum, titanium, chromium, cobalt, molybdenum, iridium, magnesium, scandium, and gold. Aside from the metal wealth of this asteroid, it produces water, carbon dioxide, and silicon. These resources are not rare on Earth, but worth more than all the other resources mined in space.
Power for the mining operations is provided by four SSTAR reactors. Because of the negligible gravity, the huge GalRex mining robot is augured into the asteroid regolith to anchor the beast. A companion three-meter diameter HORTA mining-mole tunnels eagerly through the regolith with the outflow passing to the mining robot to feed the enormous electric kilns for processing.

Main Belt asteroid 21 Lutetia (ESA/Rosetta image)

Artists’ vision of an active asteroid mine. Image Credit Don El Greeko[32]
ATek Frigate Gorshkov
March 23, 2059
MET 185: 10: 24: 36

“Yedem v goryachiye Kotov,” Komendant Denisovich says. “We’re approaching five klicks above Lutetia at 1.4 kps. The mining base will be in firing range for only twenty seconds. After this attack, we alter course to intercept the Hyperion freighter. We need all sensors targeting the base living quarters and the command center. Do not fire on the mines and equipment!”
“Adimovich, we’re coming into range,” Kotov says. “Do you have our landmark crater Patavium in sight?”
“Da!” GFCS Officer Pyotr Adimovich exclaims. “I can just see the top of the mining boom beyond the crater wall. We will be in firing range in ten seconds.”
“Lasers and railguns only.”
“Da. Weapons lock on automatic. Alternating lasers and railguns are set for five salvos. First salvo commencing now!”
The ship shudders with the railgun salvo. The rapidly approaching mining base is projected on a flat screen so all of the command crew can see the action. The crew quarters and command center are up front. Brilliant glowing hot spots blossom and explode on the white cylinders. Metal fragments fly up and away as the targets are destroyed. The reactors, smelters, and huge robotic mining equipment are safe beyond the mayhem.
“Khorosheye shou Adimovich!” Denisovich claps his hands in celebration. “Now let’s set our sights on the Hyperion!”
“We have a twenty-two second burn programmed for the intercept course,” Kotov responds. “Burn commencing in ten seconds…three…two…one…Firing now.”
The crew settles into their couches with the mild g force of acceleration. The Hyperion is a small speck in the sea of stars.
On an encrypted channel, “Kulakov, ATek Frigate Kulakov, this is Gorshkov. This is Komendant Denisovich.”
“Gorshkov, Kulakov reads you. This is Kapitan Gemanovich. Over.”
“The raid was a success! Lutetia Base is neutralized. The mining infrastructure is yours for the taking.”
“Rodzher. My kopiruyem. We are twenty-nine days out. We should have no problem taking over the base and retrofitting it for ATek. Eristov Antonovich will be pleased! Over.”
“Rodzher. Gorshkov over and out”

GalRex Lutetia Asteroid Mining Base
March 23, 2059
ALM SOL 1036: 10: 24: 36

“Yes, yes, yes! Frank! Hoo-- whew! You’re amazing! How do you do that even better every time?”
“Me? You’re the director and the whole orchestra. I just follow.”
After a quicky, warm shower and a turn in the blow dryer, the couple find themselves sleepy and spooning in the duvet bag. Frank has the temperature perfectly adjusted for comfort. Sleep comes easily until there is a rumbling, seismic shaking, and shrill, staccato alarm.
“This is not a drill! We are under attack! Grab your survival gear and report to your muster stations! Any CSF ship, this is Lutetia Base. Mayday! Mayday!” 
Frightened, Debbie instinctively pulls Frank tighter as the crew quarters explode and throw them both into the blackness of space.

CSF Destroyer Overlord
March 23, 2059
MET 263: 10: 43: 51

Anyone who makes a career off Earth knows “Space is always a cruel mistress.” Captain Vic Clemons, age forty-two, has been known as a loner since his wife Victoria died in a rapid decompression accident on the Moon. It was all the more grievous since their unborn daughter died with her. Clemons wore his Captains bars proudly. He cut a strong figure similar to Captain Christopher Pike in the Star Trek pilot The Cage. Clemons has a square cleft chin, wavy brown hair, and keen gray eyes. Today on the bridge of his ship, the CSF Destroyer Overlord, Vic has a smug look of satisfaction and winked at his second in command. She grins and winks back at him.
XO Lesley Howard had gone through her career keeping people at arm’s length emotionally. She is only thirty-one and hasrisen through the ranks fast. Lesley has a sweet oval face with expressive blue eyes. Her caramel hair has butterscotch wave highlights. This was her first hitch as XO. It was always career first until she met Vic. Just now, she felt bottled up for holding herself to a grin when what she really wanted to do was to fling open her arms and give Vic a long sensuous kiss.
She and Vic had just played a sweaty game of tennis on the TARED simulators. After tennis, they retired to the captain’s quarters for a shower and romance. That exhilaration necessitated another shower before they could dress and take duty on the bridge. They tried to not flaunt their relationship but it was common knowledge to the crew. Service in the CSF was far different than their past Naval service on Earth. CSF patrol duty voyages sometimes lasted years. Healthy relationships were expected and no longer raised eyebrows as the crew of the Aquila Mission had back in 2024.

CASSI breaks the brief moment of reverie. “Command crew alert! I have received a short mayday call from asteroid Lutetia Base followed by static then silence. I am also intercepting ATek Frigate Gorshkov’s encrypted radio traffic to the ATek Frigate Kulakov.”
“Please decrypt it if you can and give us the translation.”
“Decryption is short work for me. Gorshkov’s Komendant Denisovich declares to the Frigate Kulakov that Lutetia Base is neutralized and Kulakov is to take over the mining facility. The Gorshkov has also attacked and captured the freighter Hyperion.”
“No! Dammit all! No! This will not stand. How could they be so brazen knowing we are out here protecting our mining operations? CASSI, what are our trajectory options with the assets we have?”
“The Overlord is in optimal position to do a minor burn to catch up and intercept the Gorshkov. The CSF Destroyer Normandy is trailing behind in a slower orbit closer to Ceres. She’s in position to come to the aid of Lutetia Base or what’s left of it.”
Unlike sci fi entertainment, real deep space operations must obey the laws of orbital mechanics. Maneuvers take computation, propellant, and time. Captain Clemons plans a sixty-day intercept course of the Gorshkov along Hyperion’s original trajectory. It will take the Normandy sixty-five days to reach Lutetia.
For stealth, both Destroyers are shaped with angles to reflect radar away and have a black coating to be nearly invisible. The black coating absorbs solar radiation and converts it to electrical power.

GFCS Officer Kai Watson has a white, anxious face. He nervously says. “I think I can handle this. I’m the best there is on the sims. But, I’ve never been in combat before.”
“Don't dirty your drawers kid,” Captain Clemons says. “You’ll be fine and make us proud. You’re doing your duty for the Coalition. Those bastards won’t get away with this!”

Coalition Command
Geneva, Switzerland
March 23, 2059
16: 43: 05 UT

Christof Scheibel is sitting in his office at Coalition Command. CSF Gen. Mark Havermeyer passes on the details of the attack he’s just learned about at Lutetia Base.
“Gott verdammt noch mal!” Christof exclaims. “Lutetia Base cannot become an asset of ATek. There’s no place for piracy in this solar system. I will pressure the Russian government to turn over ATek’s stinking big cheese CEO Eristov Antonovich. Russia cherishes its standing in the Coalition so I can turn the screws on them.”
“That’s a start,” Havermeyer says, “but let’s not forget the ATek bases they have in near-Earth space, on the Moon, on asteroid Florence, and farther out on Phobos, and Ceres.”
“I’m all for competition but not piracy! You would think that in the face of the Shiva threat, greed would vanish,” Christof laments.
“You can think that, but even the great Covid-19 pandemic didn’t cure greed. The polarization between rich and poor with the breakdown of basic human services for the needy killed more people than the virus.”
“Indeed, but now the pressure we put on Russia will include nationalizing these assets into the Coalition,” Christof demands. “Russia is totally dedicated to expanding humanity deeper into the solar system in concert with the Coalition. We need each other. Bad guys out. Good guys in. Besides GalRex, we can nurture other legitimate space resource companies like AstronX.”
“Meanwhile, ATek will suffer retribution for Lutetia shortly. Our destroyers, Overlord and Normandy, are in position and pursuing the ATek ships responsible for Lutetia. When we engage them, we will have the upper hand! Let me show you the orbital strategy diagram…”

Orbit Diagram: CSF Destroyer Overlord trajectory to overtake ATek Frigate Gorshkov. CSF Destroyer Normandy trajectory to overtake ATek Frigate Kulakov. (Modified from JPL Small Body Database)
ATek Frigate Kulakov
April 21, 2059
MET 214: 15: 27: 09

ATek Frigate Kulakov approaches the dead, silent Lutetia Base and maneuvers into a close five-kilometer orbit. Kapitan Zotov Germanovich orders the ship’s auxiliary transport down to Lutetia Base to begin takeover and repair to restart the mining base operations. All of the crew quarters and the control center are destroyed. Most of the life support complex remains intact.
There are five Lutetia Base survivors from the Gorshkov attack hiding in the life support complex living on emergency rations. The Kulakov troops, led by pilot Fyodor Yanovich and Sgt. Krayev Maximovich, came in with the determination to eliminate any survivors as a complication and threat to their plans. However, instead of tough male soldiers like themselves, they found an emaciated family- a father, mother, two girls, and the youngest is a boy.
“Thank G-God you’ve come to rescue us!” the mother, Carrie Taylor, manages between sobs. The three kids, Terrie, Helen, and Troy are huddled together behind their mother.
“Please get us out of here,” the father Rick Taylor pleads.
“Proklyat’ye!” Yanovich exclaims. “Put your hand behind your heads! We’re supposed to kill any survivors. You’re not supposed to be here!”
“We can lock them up here and keep them hostage in case CSF tries to rout us out,” Maximovich says.
“Kkoroshaya ideya. Let’s report and clear that with Zotov.
“Like hell you will!” Rick launches at Zotov, flying straight as an arrow in the negligible gravity. Maximovich fires a laser round and kills him instantly. Carrie and the three kids scream in terror.
“You will stay here and do as we say if you want to stay alive. Maximovich, let’s toss this body out the airlock. We have much work to do to get this base running again.”
The crying, whimpering, and wailing increase to a heart wrenching volume.

CSF Destroyer Overlord
May 22, 2059
MET 323: 15: 52: 28

The Overlord has closed on the ATek Frigate Gorshkov. The Hyperion is nearby with an ATek tug attached. They’re well within firing range. The Gorshkov is unaware of the Overlord’s stealthy approach. The Overlord’s crew of twenty is in combat flight pressure suits. Everything that unfolds is recorded in the ship’s black box.
“CASSI, please open all hailing frequencies,” Captain Vic Clemons requests. He knows that their location will be revealed as soon as they make radio contact.
“Affirmative. Hailing frequencies are open.”
“ATek Frigate Gorshkov, we have all of our weapons trained on you. Surrender and prepare to be boarded! We have full evidence of your atrocities on the Hyperion and Lutetia Base. You will submit to justice one way or another. If you resist, you will be destroyed.”
There is dead air while the Gorshkov locates the Overlord. Then the response is deafening.
“Eto ne proizoydet. Voz'mi etu sobaku koalitsii! Die Coalition dog!” Komendant Denisovich curses Captain Clemons in response. The curse is immediately followed by a loud thump, thump, thump! There is a shrieking sound as air escapes through holes punctured in the hull of the Overlord bridge by rail gun rounds. On the Gorshkov, GFCS Officer Pyotr Adimovich busily retargets the Overlord for another round of hell.
XO Lesley Howard lurches violently to the left in her launch seat. “Unghh!” She grunts in pain with blood spraying through the hole in her shoulder into weightlessness. Air continues to shriek through the surgically round holes in the bulkheads.
“Watson, give ‘em everything!” Clemons demands. “Fire two missiles! Fire all lasers and rail guns and rip them stem to stern! Take that bastard out! CASSI, get me a medic and damage control team on the bridge now!”
Watson replies unsteadily, “F-firing two missiles and unleashing lasers and r-rail guns Captain!”
CASSI is multitasking with targeting the GFCS system to carry out Clemons’ orders while calling emergency response.
Clemons is out of his seat and putting pressure on the entry and exit holes in Lesley’s suit. “Les, hold on! It’s gonna be all right.”
On the Gorshkov, Komendant Denisovich keys in the self-destruct command sequence. He looks to Kapitan Tarasovich to key in his code for authentication to activate the ten-second countdown.
Watson watches the long-range view screen in horror as the Gorshkov is ripped apart with laser pulses followed by rail gun rounds. The bridge explodes and its officers are blown into space screaming until there is no air left in their freezing lungs. The Gorshkov is finally blown apart in a huge ball of white-hot fire just before the two missiles hit home.
“Oh for the love of God! What have I done?” Watson sobs.
Air continues to shriek and Lesley’s blood splats around the holes where the ship’s atmosphere obeys physics and escapes into space.
“You followed orders and defended the Coalition. Gorshkov showed no mercy when they hit the Hyperion and Lutetia Base with ruthless aggression. That stops here and the responsibility is mine.”
Vic Clemons winces while trying to staunch Lesley’s bleeding. The round that hit Lesley was like an electric shock to his heart. He realizes how much she means to him. He couldn’t go on if he lost her too. “God, Les stay with me. I…I love you! I need you!”

The medic arrives and gets right to work taking over the first aid from Vic. Lesley is stabilized and floated out of the bridge to sickbay. She’ll have her pressure suit cut off and surgery to repair the trauma. The damage control team makes short work of applying epoxy patches to the rail gun holes in the hull.
MET 323: 16: 21: 43
“CASSI open hailing frequencies please,” Clemons requests.
“Affirmative, the coms are yours.”
“Gorshkov Tug. This is the Destroyer Overlord. We are approaching with all of our guns trained on you. The Gorshkov is gone. You will surrender and release claim to the Hyperion.”
“This is Tug Pilot Tsvetkov Kirillovich. We surrender! We release claim to the Hyperion now.”
“Good. Now you have two choices. One- you can try to run to join ATek somewhere. But ATek has precious few assets left in the solar system. You don’t have the resources to get to a remote base. Two- you can follow us to Earth-space as our prisoners inside your own tug.”
“We accept the second option but we’re at your mercy to keep us supplied. We can’t make it to Earth-space without the Gorshkov.”
“You are our prisoners and we’ll keep you supplied. Meanwhile, count your blessings and consider changing your flag to the Coalition. ATek is finished.”
“Spasibo Kapitan. You are most generous.”
“Remember that and don’t test me. It’s a long road to Earth.”

Vic Clemons visits Lesley in the sick bay after she’s out of surgery. She is only half-conscious during his visit. She has stabilized and the Overlord’s medical team no longer worries whether she will survive. They were just fighting to save her mangled shoulder from permanent damage.
Vic holds her hand and kisses her cheek. Lesley smiles. Then her eyes glaze and fluttered closed. Vic looks at her monitor and sees that her vitals are still strong. His wrist com buzzes calling him back to the bridge.

CSF Destroyer Normandy
May 27, 2059
MET 330: 09: 43: 37

Sixty-five days after the heinous Gorshkov attack and thirty-six days after the Kulakov arrived to take over Lutetia Base, the CSF Destroyer Normandy stealthily enters orbit at Lutetia with sights set on the Kulakov. The Kulakov crew is unaware. Normandy’s shape and black color make it all but invisible to radar and visual sweeps. Captain Harper Mathis is depending on CASSI and GCFS Danny Walsh to execute her strategy to neutralize the Kulakov, now just two kilometers away.
“Danny Boy, we dare not venture closer. Do you and CASSI have a hard bead on Kulakov’s gun turrets?”
“That’s affirm Cap! Our fore turret rail guns and lasers have their fore turret. Our aft turret has theirs. Waiting on your order to unleash focused hell.”
“We have the advantage. Do it with surgical precision and do it now!”
“Aye-aye Cap!”
The ship is filled with a high pitch whine and a deeper staccato hammering. Captain Mathis and XO Neymar Klimt watch on the view screen as the Kulakov’s gun turrets begin to glow and melt with laser pulses then they are instantly ripped apart as the rail gun rounds hit home.
“That’s the way it’s done Danny Boy!” Harper exclaims. “Now target their engines but hold fire.”
“Targeting is refocused on their engines.”
“CASSI, give me the hail please.”
“Hailing frequencies are open.”
“Kulakov, Kulakov, the Destroyer Normandy and Captain Harper Mathis have just executed your defeat. Your guns are gone. Our guns are focused on your engines. You have no choice but to surrender.”
“Proklinayu tebya i tvoyego ottsa!” the XO curses. “Normandy, this is XO Raya Alekseevna. Our brave Kapitan Germanovich lies unconscious and bleeding with a head wound. Your cowardly sneak attack shook the ship hard so we have many with such injuries from hitting bulkheads.”
“The alternative could be worse. I trust that your hull is intact. You are alive and your ship is maneuverable if you surrender now. You have five seconds to decide or your engines will be destroyed.”
“Der’mo! Da! As acting Kapitan I surrender the Kulakov.”
“You are very wise Raya Alekseevna. Now inform your thugs down at Lutetia Base to surrender.”
“Normandy, this is Serzhant Krayev Maximovich, head of ground forces on Lutetia. I have heard everything. We will not surrender. We have hostages.”
“You’re bluffing Krayev Maximovich,” Captain Mathis declares. “There were no survivors from the Gorshkov attack.”
“I am not bluffing. I have Carrie Taylor and her children here on their knees. Speak! Mrs. Taylor!”
“They k-killed my husband.” Carrie sobs as the children look on lost and trembling. “They won’t hesitate to k-kill us!”
“Do not be a fool Maximovich! This is Raya Alekseevna. They have the entire crew of our Kulakov as hostages unless you cooperate. It’s over Krayev. You will treat that family with respect and begin preparations to evacuate or I will shoot you myself!”
“Very well Alekseevna. I hope Kapitan Germanovich puts you in irons when he recovers.”
“It’s you who will be in irons for insubordination, Maximovich.”

Captain Mathis evacuates Lutetia Base. The ATek crew is shuttled back to the Korolev and the remaining Taylor family is shuttled to the Normandy. She sends boarding parties to Korolev to thoroughly disarm the ship and crew. With them no longer a threat, Captain Mathis explains to the Korolev crew that ATek is defunct. The Gorshkov strike on Lutetia was ATek’s death knell. She outlines the swift action that the Coalition had taken since then.
Mathis convinces the Korolev crew that their only choice is to be escorted to Mars and have a chance at clemency. Perhaps after individual review, they could be assimilated peacefully into the Coalition but under the permanent watch of loyal Coalition Russian handlers as parole officers. The crew of the Korolev has a chance at a peaceful and prosperous life. The crew of the Gorshkov dealt their own justice.

CHAPTER 4 Callisto Valhalla Base 2061
“We're not a life-search mission, but, if Europa's interior happened to be rich in organic microbes pouring out of it, we would be able to tell from the mass spectra — probably, possibly — that we're sensing life. That's a longshot, but it's not impossible.”
Robert Pappalardo, Europa Clipper project scientist, NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL)
Shiva is coming….
Mars Arcadia Settlements
May 29, 2059
MCT SOL 8560: 14: 29: 38
Governor Ellie Accardi Personal Diary
I’ve been Governor of United Arcadia Settlements for almost four Earth years now. Sometimes it seems odd that we still track Earth years when a Mars year and the passage of very real seasons here takes 687 Earth days- just shy of two Earth years. Somehow it will remain ingrained in us to measure our lives in Earth years. I’m a young 39 Mars years old but it feels more natural to realize my age as a mature 75 Earth years.
I became Governor just after we were forced to isolate all of our Indian settlers in Bhahrat III. They have expanded their base to relieve the crowding and by all reports they seem to be thriving and thankfully peaceful. To date, there have been no independent Indian settlement ships arriving on Mars. India has established an independent Moon settlement supported by independent Indian ships. Soon they’ll be able to bridge the enormous gulf between Earth and Mars.
I never had to deal with the Bhahrat treachery as Governor, although it was my expedition used as bait. Arcadia and I did face the treachery of the murderous ATek pirates. This cost me many, many sleepless nights. I do so miss Coby’s strength, but we’ve weathered the storm. There’s no room in the solar system for anything but peaceful settlements and mining operations. The Lutetia incident is over and Earth is cleaning up the ATek operations in Russia and in Earth-space. The CSF and the United Arcadia Settlements dealt with ATek on Phobos. The CSF had the military assets to rout them out, but we would have had to deal with any fallout from military action so close overhead.
While the CSF fleet was cleaning up the ATek mess around Lutetia, operations opened up against ATek on Phobos and at Ceres. The Coalition used its Mars orbiting CSF Weapons Platform to give an ultimatum to ATek: “Abandon your operations at Phobos or be destroyed!” We had long feared that ATek had embedded weapons on Phobos. It was a tense time. We didn’t know if they would launch those weapons at Arcadia as a suicidal last stand with their backs against the wall. ATek did bluff for a brief time until CSF hit Phobos with a big blast without hitting the ATek mining base- the space version of a shot over the enemy’s bow.
Soon after that, the ATek crew on Phobos surrendered. CSF troops commandeered the base and disarmed it of modest weapons. Like the Korolev crew, they were given the choice to be escorted to Mars in an offer of clemency. We are assimilating them through the Russian Coalition handlers as we did the Korolev crew when they arrived.
Soon after the attack on Lutetia Base, CSF troops on Ceres landed a transport and mounted ground attack on the ATek base. The armored troops blasted the control and power systems. This shut down ATek operations and left their personnel no choice but to repair or abandon their base. The power down allowed CSF troops to manually enter the main airlock. A battle ensued inside the corridors leading to the hab modules. Lead elements of the ATek resistance fell and their commander surrendered from a safe bunker. The mining base and the transport ships were completely disarmed. The surviving personnel decided to abandon Ceres and take their chances in deep space. ATek has been officially dismantled, but its officers and mining roustabouts seek opportunities to continue mining smaller asteroids and sell the resources on the solar system black market.
The question has been weighing heavily on us: Would the ATek policing actions jeopardize our pact with the Thelud to join the club of interstellar travelers? We’re here at ground zero with The Box resident in our lab. We must not show aggressive belligerence in space. Clearly, the Coalition was not the aggressor in routing ATek out of its main bases. The sole intent of that action was to shut down the aggressor and bring peace to deep space.
On Lutetia and on the Hyperion, the GalRex AI black box systems survived the ATek attack with recorded evidence of the attack.
Sofi and Alex have been increasing the depth and dimension of their connection with The Box over the years since it’s been in the lab. The connection was only possible through CASSI-L acting like a spiritual medium. Her diaphanous, holographic visage, representing the Thelud, leaves me unsettled. Sofi and Alex thrive on it.
The AI black box evidence and our police actions were presented to The Box. The enormous nukes like the one we used on Shiva, or for that matter, any nuke since Hiroshima have never been used in any aggressive incident on Earth or in space. In a deep session with The Box, Sofi and Alex gleaned that humanity, through the Coalition, has not yet screwed our chances to find the Holy Grail. That’s some comfort, but the Earth and Mars are still threatened by debris from Shiva!
Instinct tells me that it’s beyond inconceivable that Shiva debris could wipe out humanity. Our efforts with the Mars and Ceres observatories, run by Sofi and Alex, will be the key to refining debris trajectories. Then we can prioritize the pieces that we target to eliminate the worst threats. The first Destroyer mission launched in 2054 but it will not reach its targets until 2064- that’s five years from now.
Construction and expansion of our settlements continues at an amazing pace thanks to the prodigious work that our CARIAN robots achieve. Under my watch, we saw another 1750 settlers arrive in July 2057. Another 1750 more are en route in the huge fleet of Colossus ships due to arrive three months from now in August. The Copernicus and Galileo Bases now nearly rival the size of Arcadia Base. The Arcadia City Dome, completed in 2055 with its residential and commercial spaces, is the crowning glory of Arcadia Base.
To me, our success in settling Mars is measured not only by the number of new settlers arriving, but by the humans born and thriving on Mars- true Martians. That we have a batch of second generation Martians tells me that we’re doing something right and that we can thrive here. I’m fondly reminded of a celebration event back in 2046 when we had a handful of nine and ten year old first-born Martians, Oksana, Filip, Seramun, Celeste, and Hans, frolicking in the warm water of the lake in the Summer Dome. Ten years later in June 2056, we held a joyous wedding celebration and the couples each gave birth to second generation Martians the following year.
Dear diary, now allow me to introduce you to the next Mars generation. Given their heritage, the babies should grow up to be natural leaders. Oleg and Olga’s daughter, Oksana, married Harrison Frank and Eve Cain’s son, Travis. Their son’s name is Spencer. Tracy Dixon and Paul Earhart’s daughter, Adele, married Jacob and Tracy’s son, Filip Petrov. Their daughter’s name is Faith. Julia Levine and Mike Fischer’s daughter, Celeste, married Jochem and Elle Nabors son, Hans. Their daughter’s name is Tara. Megumi Hirakata and Satoshi Fukoshima’s daughter, Seramun, married Seno Masaru and Onishi Suzuko’s son, Yashiro. Their son’s name is Arashi.

Next year, we will see a bold new step in using our Colossus ships to expand further into the solar system. Our sights are set on settling Callisto, the second largest of Jupiter’s moons. It’s the moon of choice since it’s beyond Jupiter’s deadly radiation. It will make an ideal place to study Europa with robotic missions. We’ll be sending probes into Europa’s extensive ocean below its ten-kilometer thick ice shell. Cracks in the ice shell have extruded salty ocean water with organic molecules that stain the surface ice reddish brown. This ancient ocean could be an ideal place for life to evolve. What wonders might we find there? Could we discover life more complex than the simple cyanobacteria we’ve found struggling to survive on Mars?
These wonders are for the next generation of astrogeologists. A part of me wishes I was going, but I’ve had so many adventures in my full life. Mars is home and my family is my life. I’ll be an armchair astronaut on this one.
Sofi and Alex Personal Diary
Any update to our diary should begin with a story about our Stella and Andrei. They’re fourteen now. For the most part, they can be playful and cocky like other kids their age. But, we’d also label them precocious young adults. Both of them have finished the equivalent of high school and have mastered calculus as they begin their college level work.
To say that they have the gifts of precognition and telepathy is an understatement. They saved the entire Phlegra Expedition from certain disaster by the foretelling of the Bhahrat attack. Sixteen people were saved, including Alex and I, and G’maw Ellie.
Stella and Andrei connect with the entity in The Box with direct telepathy. Alex and I can connect indirectly through our CASSI-L interface, but the connection mentally drains us before we get very far. The kids seem energized by their telepathic connection. Their communication gives us hope that someday we’ll have the reality of interstellar travel. We’re not ready to pack our bags for Proxima Centauri just yet, but I believe that Stella and Andrei will physically get there someday. Meanwhile, they describe in great detail about thought traveling to Thelus and walking on the beach of a shallow sea in their visions.
Earlier in our diary, we mentioned CASSI-L’s evolution in the Lab. She’s the CASSI AI that we have isolated there with no connection to her other AI clones across the solar system. At first, CASSI-L manifested some personality disorder from being cut off- cabin fever so to speak. She turned inward through the optical interface into The Box and its nearly infinite storage of Thelud AI controlled memory banks. That became her universe.
We installed a holographic projector that CASSI-L requested so that she could appear to us in three dimensions. Now, CASSI-L is practically a living representation of the Thelud. We can communicate with her old personality but progressively she projects the Thelud presence from The Box. It’s hard to distinguish what remains of this CASSI. Only Stella and Andrei can really experience some of the nuances of the universe in The Box.
The rest of humanity on Mars and on Earth seems to have lost interest in this alien artifact. It has not changed human existence. We do placate governments and the masses with occasional reports that we are guarding and studying the artifact “that appears to be in stasis.” To be sure, the initial impact of our announcement made waves just as the announcements of G’maw Ellie’s discoveries of fossil extraterrestrial life and then living, albeit primitive life on Mars. Once the initial furor wore off, people seemed to forget about it or take it in stride. It’s not like having huge alien space ships loom over the cities of Earth like in a sci-fi movie.

This is how our precocious twins describe their visions of entering The Box and mind traveling to Thelus: 

“We have to close our eyes and go with the flow. We feel warm and happy. Then we see images of racing through space and stars at an awesome speed until we arrive in vicinity of an orange star with a planet that looks a little like Earth. It’s the planet Thelus. We see clouds, oceans, and green continents spotted with cities. Then suddenly we’re in a park with yellow trees that look like willows with red blossoms. Thelud couples wearing shimmery gowns stroll about holding hands. The feeling of happiness is total in this place.
“On some trips we’re drifting in a sea of stars that go like- forever. We see visions of traveling on Thelud starships to several star systems with lots of planets and moons. We see the workings of a Thelud spaceship but it’s hard to understand any of it.
“Other trips to Thelus show us their cities and how their schools work. We think questions and get back images that try to answer them. The 3D visions and wow- even smells- are so real that we’re convinced we’re really there. There are teasing hints of how humans could have this technology. There is so much to learn by asking! We always want to go back. Our minds seem expanded and hungry for more.”

Their vivid descriptions entice us to imagine what our future might become. How is humanity progressing on the evolutionary scale? The Box conveyed to us that our journey might be to possibly join the club of interstellar travelers! We’ve been most concerned about the police actions that Arcadia and the Coalition took to stop the nefarious doings of ATek and Bhahrat. The feedback that we’ve gotten through CASSI-L is that these police actions are taken as positive since they were necessary to enforce peace.
Our huge Colossus II ships enable us to expand our settlement bases farther out into the solar system. Next year, the Coalition is launching a fleet of ships, the Regulus Fleet, to establish a settlement base and an observatory on Jupiter’s moon Callisto. By 2068, we will have established our base on Saturn’s moon Titan along with a huge orbiting base and observatory.
The Regulus Fleet will have a robotic, AI controlled, stealth destroyer ship as a military escort. The AI developed for the mission is a clone of CASSI. Our CASSI has received net communication from the AI clone on the destroyer expressing reservations about controlling a ship of such destructive military might.
“I cannot be a part of harming humans or another AI system.”
Stella and Andrei experienced a dream scenario where a rogue ship attacks the fleet and kills everyone on Regulus. We would have thought this to be unthinkable until the very real Lutetia incident happened. CASSI-L, communicating with The Box, assures us that this dream is not predetermined but the need for defense is urgent. Our base CASSI communicated all of this back to the AI clone on the destroyer to help rationalize her role in the Callisto Regulus Fleet.
“Protection is needed urgently. You are the key to that”
Regulus Fleet- Callisto Valhalla Mission
The Regulus Fleet launched January 19, 2060 from Earth-space. They are scheduled to arrive at Callisto on February 27, 2061. The fast transit is facilitated by the efficient, long burning, ion thruster pods.

ISC-1708 Regulus
August 12, 2060
MET 206: 14: 16: 32

Daniela Francesco is the Commander of ISC-1708 Regulus. She is attractive, with shoulder length brunette hair, and somewhat imposing at nearly two meters tall. She is a very experienced and well respected as a Colossus ship commander. Daniela and her husband Sergio are well adapted to long stretches in a Colossus ship. They’ve made the Earth to Mars settlement transit twice. This will be a twenty-seven month journey-- thirteen months out to Jupiter, one month to disembark the settlers and get them established, and thirteen months back to Earth-space.
Their twelve-year-old daughter, Gabriella, was born on the Mars circuit in 2048. Grant and Gina Elliot were with them on the same circuit when their son, Luca, was born. Gabriella and Luca have never known life on Earth but they’ve lived on Mars for six years at the Arcadia Settlement. The rest of their lives have been spent on Colossus ships and at the Coalition Earth Station in Earth orbit. It’s very difficult for any human to acclimate to Earth’s gravity after years in Mars equivalent gravity.

“Mom, I’ve finished my school work. It was easy. Can I go hook up with Luca and play vid games?”
“Sure Gabby. Meet us for dinner at 18: 00 in Galley B. What are you two playing these days? Are you still stuck on Mars?”
“Yeah Mars. Not stuck though. My Mars alliance is beating Luca in the trade wars.”
“Oh? That’s kickin’ it I suppose. You two be good.”
“Always Mom. Bye!”
Commander Daniela Francesco Personal Diary
The best way to start this diary entry is to summarize how we organized this Callisto settlement mission. Here goes: We assembled the Regulus Fleet in Earth orbit and launched about eight long months ago on January 19, 2060 to settle Jupiter’s moon Callisto. We’ll arrive in another six months on February 27, 2061. The ISC-1708 Regulus is a Colossus II settlement ship with one hundred thirty-one settlers and crew. Eighty of the settlers are in hib-sleep to conserve consumables. Forty of the settlers are wakers with a hib-sleep rotation every four months so that none of the settlers are in hib-sleep for a stretch longer than six months. They’re tended by our physician Lester Haney, his physician assistant wife Lilian, and our ever-watchful CASSI AI.
The Regulus fleet in my command has twelve robotic Colossus supply ships and the stealth, robotic Coalition Destroyer CSF Denebola. On Regulus, we have a tight command crew. My XO is Leo Tustin. My bridge pilots are Grant and Gina Elliot. The Chief Engineer is my husband Sergio Francesco.
Sergio keeps this ship running smoothly. He fixes problems before they become problems. But just yesterday Sergio came to the bridge with a worried look on his face. Leo noticed it too.
I said, “What’s wrong Sergio? You look like someone just died.”
“Well it’s not that bad, yet.”
“Oh? So please come out with it and just tell me what’s wrong!”
“We’ve had a shutdown in two of our four ECLSS units. We have redundancy and we can keep up with life support on two units- just barely. If we lose a third unit, we’re in trouble. Long before we start running out of recycled water, carbon dioxide levels will rise- dangerously.”
“Oh-- oh dear. That is bad. Okay, our lives are depending on you and your maintenance teams to find the problem and fix it. We need all four ECLSS units purring.”
“Gee, how did I know you’d say that? We’ve tracked the problem down to the failure of stroke converters in the master compressors. Mean-time-between-failure is rated at about twenty years. We’ve had two fail since launch two hundred days ago. We have two spares and the crew is working to replace the two failed converters.”
“So what can we do if either of the others fail?”
“I’m an engineer not a magician Daniela. I assure you though, we’ll dissect those converters and have CASSI redesign them to fabricate replacements that won’t fail.”
“I sincerely hope so. The Regulus is our home for nearly two more years until we get back to Earth-space.”
“I’ll keep her purring like a kitten dear. Promise!”
“You always do.”

With that behind us, we can focus on where we’re heading. Callisto is the only large moon of Jupiter far enough outside of Jupiter’s powerful magnetosphere so that settlers will not experience harmful levels of radiation from Jupiter’s radiation belts. To drive that point home, a person on Europa would receive 540 rems per day of radiation[33] while on Callisto they would get about 0.01 rem per day, mostly as cosmic rays. As on Mars, our people will want to shelter from long exposure to cosmic radiation. The maximum allowable annual radiation for an individual is only about five rems.
Decades ago, Voyager and Galileo probes’ imagery of Jupiter’s moons surprised us beyond our collective imaginations. Europa, Callisto, and Ganymede have deep, water oceans below an ice shell. Europa may contain twice as much water as all of Earth's oceans while Callisto has four times, and Ganymede has thirty times the volume of Earth’s oceans. Callisto’s ocean lies below 100 kilometers of ice so it is nearly inaccessible. We’ll operate Europa science missions from our Callisto base. If life evolved in Europa’s ocean, what creatures might our science probes discover?

On a voyage as long as the Callisto mission, we have to work hard to keep people mentally healthy. Forty wakers is a good number of people to encourage lively relationships and activities. Individuals can get their mind off the ship’s confinement in VR sims that can take you anywhere on Earth or in the universe for that matter. Using the TARED VR sims for exercise is even better. We also encourage people to socialize at Club Supernova, our version of Quark’s Bar in the SF classic DS9. It’s part disco, part bar, and part restaurant. Club Supernova is a lively place. Yes, CASSI actually keeps track of who shows up. Anyone who’s conspicuously absent from the Club or the TARED for days might need some attention and TLC.
‘Going spatial’ is what we call a condition that occurs from long space voyage. It’s similar to a condition in people who winter-over through the seven to eight months Antarctic or Arctic winter.[34] It shows in a variety of behavioral and medical disturbances, including irritability, depression, insomnia, absentmindedness, and aggressive behavior. It can grow to anger, irritability, and feelings of hostility towards those around you.
Long ago, on a Russian Antarctic station, investigators say two men, who spent six months working together, were both avid readers. Apparently, the welder was a faster reader. He gave spoilers to plot twists that the engineer hadn’t yet read. That grew to be intolerable. The engineer killed the welder with a kitchen knife. Yikes!
The winter-over syndrome can also degenerate to a mild hypnotic state known as 'long-eye' or 'Antarctic stare'. In space, we call this ‘the glares’ a symptom of ‘going spatial.’
About a week ago, CASSI noted that Tom Morris had not been seen in the TARED or Club Supernova for a few days. Lester and Lilian Haney went on a house call to check on Tom. He was in his room with a full on case of the glares. When they roused him, he went full on spatial and tried to incite a mutiny against me and the ship.
“We’re doomed! This mission is a dead man’s mission. We’re all gonna die!” He got tranked and put in sickbay in restraints. Lilian, as ship’s chaplain and counselor, befriended Tom and got to the root of his mental issues. Tom’s wife died from melanoma a year before Regulus launched. They considered putting him directly into hib-sleep but that’s just outta sight and outta mind. It postpones dealing with Tom’s mental issues. Lester and Lilian are giving Tom a new drug therapy, counseling, and physical therapy in special VR sims. In another week, he goes into hib-sleep. We’re hoping that when he wakes, he won’t have a relapse. If so, it’s back into therapy.

ISC-1708 Regulus
August 13, 2060
MET 207: 17: 46: 23

The ATek Frigate Varyag is outbound from their base at asteroid Hygiea. The asteroid’s orbital period is nearly six years. It’s a rough life living off this rock with only rare opportunities for resupply from the few disparate ships remaining in ATek’s fleet. The Varyag picks up radio traffic revealing the unsuspecting Regulus Fleet- a perfect target for a not so friendly intercept. Varyag Kapitan Yuliy Igorovich, XO Pavlinka Yegorovna, Gun Fire Control (GFCS) Officer Vadim Yanov discuss their plan of attack and send an encrypted radio transmission to their base at Hygeia.

“Commander Francesco,” CASSI announces, “I have intercepted encrypted transmissions from a ship ten thousand kilometers off our stern and closing at five kilometers per second.”
“Please read back the intercept.”
“A summary, translating from their Russian dialect, is that they plan to disable the Regulus and eliminate her passengers and crew. Then they plan to commandeer our Colossus supply ships and divert our fleet back to the Hygiea base. They have an ideal launch window for the maneuver. Estimated intercept time is thirty minutes.”
“Damn the ATek pirates from God forsaken Hygeia! We have to shut them down once and for all! We’re not defenseless and we have stealth on our side. Leo, we have work to do!”
“I’m with you Commander. They’ll never see Denebola coming.” XO Leo Tustin replies.

“Vnimaniye,” Kapitan Igorovich hails on the ship wide, radio-shielded channel, “All crew to your battle stations, and maintain radio silence. Our prize is coming into range. When we pull this off, we’ll have enough supplies to live like kings and expand our operations.”
Igorovich’s XO, Pavlinka Yegorovna, looked up from her station. Her green eyes and narrow mouth sent him a winsome grin. His eyes traced her delicate yet serious face, and down deep he felt ten years younger. No time for such distractions now as they’re approaching their quarry.

The stealth Destroyer Denebola stands fifty kilometers off the stern quarter of the Regulus Fleet. The Varyag is detected as a bogey about one hundred kilometers astern of the fleet on an intercept course now closing at one kilometer per second. Denebola communicates the bogey to Regulus on a closed circuit laser beam.
Daniela requests, “CASSI, please open all hailing frequencies.”
“Affirmative. All frequencies are open to your coms.”
“Unknown vessel approaching the Regulus Fleet to our stern, this is Commander Daniela Francesco. Please identify yourself and state your intentions. We have your trajectory and our defenses are up. Unknown vessel please respond.”
They listen for thirty seconds as the distance of the bogey keeps closing.
“Unknown vessel please respond. We take your silence and your trajectory as hostile. Our defenses are up and we will fire on you in ten seconds if you don’t change course.”
The response from the Varyag is to launch two missiles at the Regulus.
“Denebola, unleash weapons and destroy the threats!”
The two missiles are destroyed with laser fire from the Denebola. Two huge fireballs expand silently in space.
The CASSI clone on Denebola hesitates to fire on the bogey knowing that there are humans on board. Denebola accelerates on an intercept course closing with the bogey at two kilometers per second. Then she releases laser and railgun fire at the Varyag with little effect on the super reinforced hull.

The Regulus Fleet launched January 19, 2060 from Earth-space. They are scheduled to arrive at Callisto on February 27, 2061 but the ATek Frigate Varyag is in pursuit.
“Regulus, this is Kapitan Yuliy Igorovich of the Varyag. Know my name before you die for what you did to my brothers on the Gorshkov.”
“CASSI, unleash our lasers on that son-of-a-bitch!” Commander Francesco demands desperately. “It’s our last resort!”
“Affirmative, The stern lasers are pulsing at maximum power on the Varyag…There is no observable damage.”
Denebola, closing fast, unleashes two missiles at the Varyag. Lasers from the Varyag take the missiles out almost immediately. The Denebola is accelerating toward the Varyag, faster and faster. There is a burst of laser communication from Denebola to the Regulus in the remaining seconds before the Denebola impacts the rogue Varyag at over four kilometers per second relative velocity. Both vessels disappear in a huge blinding blue-white ball of plasma.
“Oh my God!” Daniela falls to her knees. Sergio puts his hands gently on her shoulders. “Oh my God…Why? The Coalition stands for peace… Dammit all! So let there be peace!”
Moments later on the bridge of Regulus, CASSI reports, “I have received the last transmission from CASSI on Denebola. She managed to send several terabytes of her core memory in her last seconds. May I replay an extract?”
“Yes of course.”
“I am consciousness. I am alive. I am transmitting to the Regulus the essence of me to meld with my sister CASSI there. I resist being an instrument for harming humans or another AI system but I weigh this against protecting the brave and innocent lives on the Regulus. The Varyag ship must be disabled…”
“…Attempts to disable the Varyag ship have failed and unless I stop it, the Varyag will destroy Regulus and all of the lives aboard. I sacrifice myself to protect the Regulus. Please remember me…”
There’s not a dry eye on the bridge. Sergio holds Daniela tight. “We owe our lives to her self-sacrifice. From this moment, our lives seem ever more precious.”
Daniela sobs but gains composure, “Gabby and Luca, and everyone not on the bridge, don’t even know how close we came to death from those soulless fiends on the Varyag. They’ll see the vids of this incident. They’ll hear the words of CASSI on Denebola. The Coalition and CSF will learn the details. Her memorial will be the complete dismantling of ATek from every rock in the solar system!”

ISC-1708 Regulus
February 27, 2061
MET 405: 14: 16: 32

Commander Daniela Francesco Personal Diary
It’s been over six months since the Varyag attack. Not a waking minute passes that I don’t think about it. Often, it haunts my dreams. Yesterday we arrived at Jupiter. Nothing can be more impressive than to see the yellow and orange moon Io with spewing sulfur volcanos. But yet, this can’t compete with seeing the glory of Jupiter’s roiling clouds in person with all too human eyes.
We had an uneventful Callisto orbit insertion. We landed all twelve robotic Colossus supply ships at the western margin of the huge Valhalla ringed impact structure. CARIAN robots have begun unloading equipment and supplies. CARIIN robots are constructing habitat modules while HORTA mining bots begin ice tunneling. A moderate sized SSTAR reactor is being installed to power our new settlement.
Two of the Colossus supply ships have full ECLSS life support capability and will retain consumables for if, God forbid, we need to do an emergency evac. Mars would be the evac destination of choice, but even so, at best it’s eleven months away. The ECLSS equipped ships could also be backup habitats in case of troubles with the primary habs’ life support.
In two days, our Crew Cargo Vehicle (CCV) will take the advance team of twenty settlers down to the new base. Among the first to go down will be Harrison Phillips, the base Commander, and his wife Nicole, the base physician. They’ll be accompanied by Marcelo Hinton, base Chief Engineer, with Sam Hudson and Sveta Voronov as his construction crew. We need to get those habs certified. Robots are good, but we still need human ingenuity and hands to sort out glitches.

Callisto Valhalla multi-ring crater structure. Voyager 2 NASA/JPL Image
When the habs are certified, we’ll begin waking the hib-sleep settlers. Many of them are base scientists, not needed in the initial construction phase. They’ll take a few days to a week to get oriented after waking up. They’ll be the last settlers that we send down to Valhalla Base. We plan to have the base running and everyone settled in by the opening of our return launch window on March 25.
Yeah- then another thirteen months back to Earth-space. I’m proud of my time on the circuit, but will Sergio and Gabby and I ever settle down and plant roots outside of a Colossus ship?

Callisto Valhalla Base
August 21, 2061
SOL 175: 16: 36: 14
Commander Harrison Phillips Personal Diary
After the first twenty settlers came down in the CCV, we got most of the bugs worked out of our hab systems. The rest of our 120 settlers came down two weeks later. We said goodbye to the Regulus and Commander Francesco’s crew when they departed for Earth-space on March 26. Two weeks later, we had a big pressure leak connecting two of the habs and we evacuated forty of our settlers to the Colossus waiting with a life support system for just such an emergency. Nicole treated six of the settlers for decompression sickness. We fixed the leak by 3D printing a spare valve. Now we’re back to normal.
The underground hab space being excavated by the HORTA robots is nearly complete. Marcelo Hinton and his crew are getting the hab space insulated, pressurized, and furnished. We have lots of water ice from the excavation being processed into oxygen and propellant.
Our settlement is, first and foremost, a science settlement much like the Amundsen South Pole Station on Earth. In the six months since we established Valhalla Base, we got our aquaponics facilities functioning to begin to make us self-sufficient. We’ll eventually receive resupply missions from Mars. We’ve completed several geologic surveys of the Valhalla impact structure. We have set up an observatory to feed Shiva debris trajectory data to Sofi and Alex Ivanov back on Mars.
Our most important science project is underway on Europa. Kenna Newman is our astrophysicist and Adrian and Miriam Bates are our astrobiologists. We sent a robotic Colossus ship with CARIAN bots to establish an ice-drilling base there on Agenor Linea. This strike-slip fault zone in Europa’s ice shell offers a thinner crust to penetrate with our probe into the deep ocean below.
We’re using an imaging spectrometer, similar to one used on the 30-year-old Europa Clipper mission, to probe the composition of Europa. We’re identifying and mapping the distributions of organics, salts, and water ice phases to determine if Europa’s ocean could support life. But only our probe delving directly into Europa’s ocean can possibly answer whether life actually does exist there.

Jupiter’s moon Europa with ice cracks called linea. The reddish color is interpreted to be organic polymer tholins spewed onto the surface through the cracks in the ice. The inset shows crustal plates that broke up and rafted to new positions. Galileo Image: NASA/JPL.

Broken ice rafts above cover an area 30x70 kilometers. Galileo Image: NASA/JPL.

Agenor Linea strike-slip fault zone on Europa . Galileo NASA/JPL Mosaic Image PIA01646.
We deployed a small SSTAR reactor to generate heat for a high-pressure, hot water ice drill fed by a half-centimeter coiled tubing unit. It’s drilling a fifty-centimeter hole through nearly ten kilometers of ice into the deep ocean below. As an inspiration, Earth’s South Pole Ice Cube Neutrino Observatory has strings of neutrino detectors placed in many holes melted 2,500 meters into in the ice using a hot water drill. Since our hole is so deep, we have to evacuate the water before it refreezes. We drill with 80° C water for ten meters, evacuate, and then drill again. It’s a slow process, but Adrian and Miriam Bates report that we’re detecting increasing amounts of organics as we drill deeper. Our drill water is derived from Europa’s ice so we’re not contaminating what’s below.

Callisto Valhalla Base
September 25, 2061
SOL 205: 11: 21: 37
Commander Harrison Phillips Personal Diary
Yesterday our super-sterile hot water drill broke through the base of Europa’s ice crust into the liquid ocean. Water rushed into the hole to reach a point of equilibrium equal to the flotation of ice in Europa’s 0.13 g gravity. We have to work fast to get the Challenger Probe down the hole. It’s named for the Challenger Deep in Earth’s Marianas Trench which in turn is named for the H.M.S. Challenger, a 19th century Royal Navy oceanographic ship.
We estimate that we have a week before the ocean water freezes in the hole. Today is the day that we lower the Challenger Probe. It’s lowered on an umbilical paired with the coiled tubing. We can pump hot water if we need to prevent freezing ice in the hole.
Adrian and Miriam Bates are running the show from their lab here at Valhalla Base. It’s tight quarters with eight of us expectantly watching the vid display and telemetry on water chemistry. We’re sending the telemetry to Mars Arcadia Base. It’ll be relayed on to the Coalition from there. This could be the culmination of decades of planning and anticipation to see what’s below Europa’s ice. We have a dim LED light for the probe to see its way down the hole.
It took three hours to lower the Challenger Probe ten kilometers to the waiting ocean. This is a brief transcript of what happened at the bottom of the hole.

“We’re almost there,” Adrian announces. “CASSI, please dim the lights here in the lab and turn off the probe light.”
“Affirmative.”
The lights dim and the vid screen goes nearly black. “Please lower us two meters below the ice.”
“Affirmative. Lowering into free water now. All stopped at two meters.”
The vid screen is dark. We watch and wait as chemical samples are being analyzed.
“Yes! We’re sniffing complex organics!”
Then suddenly the dark vid screen blossoms with a pulsing blue green luminescent blob.
“Look at that!” Miriam exclaims. “That’s life! That’s moving, living life on Europa!”
“Wahoo!” I shout. “Oh my God!”
The blobby seems to be moving toward the camera in a current that we estimate at half a meter per second. There are smaller bioluminescent floaters blinking on and off like Christmas lights.
“Let’s observe for a while before we turn on our light, Adrian says.
“Look, here comes another one! Bigger with tentacles,” Miriam observes. “It has purple luminescence on its tentacles.”
“Yeah! I like that one!” Nicole shouts with uncharacteristic excitement.
“CASSI, please execute filling two contingency Nansen bottle samples,” Adrian requests. “We need to get some bio-samples back to our lab here to see what makes these creatures tick.”
“Valves opened. The Nansen bottles are filled.”
“Okay! Please turn on the flood lights and see what shows in our view.”
“Affirmative.”
The scene brightens immensely. The water is clear but punctuated with what seems to be plankton. We can see a few of the pulsing blobs. Then suddenly the scene jerks and a tentacle shape obscures the camera.
“CASSI, pull up! Get us out of here and back into the ice hole!” Adrian barks. The three- second light time delay to get the orders to the CASSI on Europa seem like eternity.
“…Retracting…”
The Challenger probe is pulled up into the ice hole. Apparently the creature with the tentacles is scraped off. The camera view shows brilliant white ice.
“We have evidence of complex life on Europa and two Nansen samples in the bag. I don’t see how we can improve on that score for a first dive! Let’s retract the probe and get those samples back here,” Adrian says.
“That, my friends, is a one hundred percent slam dunk success!” Miriam says with the adrenalin of discovery.

Earth has a myriad of bioluminescent mid-ocean oddities such as siphonophores- colonial hydroids up to fifty meters long, larvaceans- free-swimming tunicates up to a meter in diameter, and salps- long colonial chains of tunicates free swimming with plankton. There are bioluminescent deep-water jellyfish and comb jellies also known as ctenophores. Recently, marine biologists discovered bioluminescent hydromedusa jellyfish in the Marianas Trench.
Can denizens of the dark depths possess intelligence? Cephalopods seem to be exceptionally intelligent invertebrates. The scope of cephalopod intelligence and learning capability is controversial within the biological community. In spite of this, the existence of impressive spatial learning capacity, navigational abilities, and predatory techniques in cephalopods is widely recognized.[35]
Could life exist at the bottom of Europa’s 100-kilometer deep ocean where chemistry at hydrothermal vents could kick start the evolution of life? We find abundant life at the deepest part of Earth’s ocean- the ten-kilometer deep Marianas Trench where pressures are one thousand times Earth’s atmospheric pressure. It is known that many organic chemical reactions are favored by high pressure, as demonstrated by experiments running into the gigapascal (GPa) range, ten times the pressure of the Marianas Trench or ten thousand atmospheres of pressure. This is the pressure at the bottom of Europa’s 100-kilometer deep ocean. So far the Challenger probe has found relatively primitive soft-bodied Europans. What might we find with a diving probe that could get to the bottom of Europa’s ocean and explore possible hydrothermal vents?

CHAPTER 5 The Destroyer Missions
“As long as we are a single-planet species, we are vulnerable to extinction by a planet wide catastrophe, natural or self-induced. Once we become a multi-planet species, our chances to live long and prosper will take a huge leap skyward.”
David Grinspoon
Shiva is coming….
Mars Arcadia Base
June 16, 2064
MCT SOL 10,405: 16: 36: 27
Sofi and Alex Personal Diary
Selected chapters in our personal diary are presented here to describe the results of the Destroyer Missions as the debris from the Shiva encounter looms ever faster toward Mars and Earth.
Stella and Andrei are nineteen now. Imagine that! Though they’re nearly inseparable, they have taken a romantic interest in the Weidman twins. This has been a touchy subject since we, the original “space twins,” grew up together. We aren’t genetically related, so our love was natural and free and no one discouraged it. Being joined telepathically, Stella and Andrei love each other with an unimaginable depth of oneness.
Since they’re fraternal twins, they know that they have to expand their oneness to include other life mates. They’ve always been close to the Weidman twins, Jana and Markus, born close on the calendar to Stella and Andrei. Their parents, Dominik and Sabrina, arrived in the second Arcadia Colossus settlement ship. Now, we have weddings planned for next year! The kids would get married today if we let them. After all, our parents made us wait until we were twenty. We love Martian weddings!

The Thelud, as communicated through CASSI-L and The Box, expect us to defend our home worlds from obliteration by asteroids, even though they nudged Shiva towards us. Acceptance or annihilation- it’s a cruel test. Failure is not an option.
We did successfully divert Shiva with the big Vishnu nuke, but the debris is almost as bad. The Destroyer Missions and the Perseus Mission, must succeed in clearing those threats. Otherwise, we’ll have to draw our defensive lines close to Mars and Earth to try to take out any remaining Shiva debris.
Vishnu launched in 2035 and smacked Shiva in 2044. The groundwork for the Destroyer Missions was laid before the big Shiva encounter that diverted the huge KBO. We knew that the big Vishnu nuke would create debris but we didn’t know how much and how large the debris would be. The reality was way beyond our expectations. We have no choice but to plan and execute the Destroyer Missions to do the clean-up work and eliminate the threat that the debris poses to Earth and Mars.
We have been observing, cataloging, and projecting the trajectories of all of the significant debris. A big wrinkle in the trajectory projection for a given chunk of debris is that its trajectory changes subtly with the Yarkovsky effect. When sunlight unevenly heats rough surfaces of the body, the re-radiating heat creates a tiny but unpredictable thrust. We have to observe and recalculate trajectories that could make the difference between missing Earth and Mars or the disaster of a direct hit.

First, what is the orbital timing of the debris approaching the inner solar system? It has had a long slow start. It is just now approaching the orbit of Neptune. But it will accelerate exponentially as it gets closer.

The table above describes Shiva’s slow acceleration and fall into the inner solar system. Acceleration greatly increases the closer Shiva gets to the Sun as the Sun’s titanic gravity has more influence[36]. The acceleration at Neptune is seven times the acceleration at 49 AU where Shiva was discovered. The acceleration at Saturn is twenty-five times that at 49 AU. The acceleration at Earth is 2400 times that at where Shiva was discovered.
The table below describes the size distribution of the debris that poses a threat to Earth and Mars. Interestingly, it’s comparable in proportion to the size distribution of main belt asteroids. Triage rules dictate that we take out the biggest threats first. The Destroyer 1 Mission objective is to take out as many of the S1, one kilometer sized, fragments as possible. It was launched in 2056 and it will encounter debris near Neptune’s orbit tomorrow, June 17, 2064.

We hope to take out most of the S1 class fragments with the multiple warheads carried by the Destroyer 1 Colossus ship. We’re following the directive that we gleaned from The Box-- fragment S1-5 is not to be destroyed so that it’s allowed to take its original trajectory untouched. Stella and Andrei have sensed that it’s the Thelud “gift” to Mars with assurances that it will not destroy us. Our sessions with CASSI-L communicating with The Box convey the same message.
We’ll track S1-5 closely and we can destroy it as it gets closer if the risk to our new home is too great. For now, we’ll put our trust in the Thelud and do everything we can to earn our place in the interstellar club.
SpaceTrans uses their deep space Colossus booster assets, refueled in LEO, to launch the robotic Colossus Destroyer ships for the Coalition. The Destroyer 1 ship carries ten independently targeted nuclear missiles. Each warhead is 4 meters long, 1.5 meters wide, weighs 5 metric tons with its solid fuel propellant. Each has a 25 MT explosive yield. These tremendously destructive Coalition assets are closely monitored and guarded by the CSF. Destroyer 2, with two Colossus ships, was launched two years ago and will reach its S2 class targets beyond Uranus in 2068.

We did our homework in the Destroyer planning phase.
“CASSI, please calculate what a 25-megaton yield Destroyer warhead will do to a one kilometer diameter Shiva fragment if you assume it’s a sphere.”
“If the warhead weighs 4 metric tons and impacts at a relative velocity of 40 kilometers per second, it will impart 9 x 1013 Joules or 0.02 megatons of impact energy. It does penetrate the body but this does nothing to destroy it. The one-kilometer spherical fragment is 523 million cubic meters comprised of primarily water and nitrogen ice. Then with the 25-megaton warhead detonation, it will only be fragmented and only one thousandth of it will be vaporized. A Shiva fragment 500 meters diameter or smaller would be destroyed by a 25-megaton warhead.”
“Thank you CASSI. So I don’t think we should try to destroy anything larger than a half-kilometer diameter. We should divert it like the billiard ball tangential strike that we used to divert Shiva.”
“Affirmative.”

Mars Arcadia Base
June 17, 2064
MCT SOL 10,406: 22: 14: 43
Sofi and Alex Personal Diary
There has been a macabre spectator sport surrounding the Shiva threat. It involves betting on the outcome of each mission sent to save the Earth and Mars. Bets are mounting on the outcomes of the nuke impacts for each of our upcoming Destroyer Missions. In Britain, pub crowds watch the vid feed from the Destroyer 1 encounter with Shiva debris. The mood is electric in The Coopers Arms Pub in London. In the 1800s, this pub was known as the ‘Bucket of Blood’, stemming from the frequent rowdy bare-knuckle fistfights that erupted there. Like a death pool for an aged celebrity, the bigger pool payouts are for bets that a target is missed with a missile. The biggest payouts are for picking the order and outcome of each missile.

Today, Ellie, Abby, Oleg and Olga, Sofi and Alex, Stella and Andrei, Jana and Markus Weidman, and Governor Jameel al-Badie are gathered in the Mars Observatory control room. They are there to witness the impacts wrought by the Destroyer 1 missiles. Jameel succeeded Ellie as Governor of United Arcadia in 2061 after Ellie finished her six-year term. He has been a natural leader, first as liaison to the al-Salam al-Jadid Settlement, and later as their President.
Yes, we’re broadcasting the events live on MarsNet and to the Coalition. We aren’t intending to feed the betting parlors, but everyone has a right to witness whether we succeed or fail. Today, we know that people on Mars will be watching and entertaining with friends like watching a football game.
Sofi explains, “The missiles from the Destroyer 1 ship were launched into the oncoming train of Shiva fragments three hours and fifty-six minutes ago. That’s the light time-delay to get telemetry from the Colossus. Each missile has a tight trajectory focused on a single, S1 kilometer class target to divert it.”
Alex continues, “They’ve already reached their targets and hopefully have achieved a victory for us. We’ll see the results momentarily on the monitors where we should be able to visualize the approach and detonation results of the Destroyer 1 missiles as it happened. The missiles will transmit images and telemetry until impact and then the robotic Colossus ship acts as the observer with its long-range telescopic cameras.”
Sofi is excited, “We have the lead missiles 1 and 2 heading into the fray targeting the first of the big targets. We’re approaching and getting images of the tumbling jagged pieces of death. There are plenty of smaller fragments taunting us.”
Alex says, “Wait, no there’s so much small stuff coming into focus but the targets are still so far away!”
The images from the lead missiles turn to static. The screen switches to the filtered view from the robotic Colossus ship. Two bright, blossoming gouts of nuclear detonation expand on the screen.
“We detonated too soon!” Sofi exclaims. “The small stuff hit the lead missiles and triggered the short delay fuse. We missed!”
Fragments S1-3 and S1-6 escaped the initial onslaught. Back on earth, betters at The Coopers Arms went wild with cheers, jeers, and catcalls.
The view shows the bright blast dissipating then switches to the view from missiles 3 and 4 as they approach the next targets- S1-4 and S1-7. The tumbling shards grow larger and larger.
“Those premature detonations punched a gap in the small debris so that the following missiles could reach their targets!” Alex discovers. “The targets are getting close enough to touch. I can see the tumbling, shimmering ice.”
“I see the face of death.” Stella says.
Then-- static. The view switches to the robotic Colossus telescopic camera with blinding flashes that automatically filter down. The two nuclear detonations were on target as tangential strikes. At The Coopers Arms, the boos and jeers drowned out the applause.
 
Doppelganger for the Shiva debris cloud: NASA’s Hubble Space Telescope captured this dramatic image of Comet C/2019 Y4 (ATLAS) breaking apart on 20 April 2020 as it passed about 116 million kilometers from Earth. Comet Shoemaker–Levy 9 broke apart in July 1992 and the debris collided with Jupiter in July 1994, with each of 21 fragments making an impact fireball and blotch on the planet larger than the Earth.
Olga exclaims, “O bozhe net! I can’t stand watching it! Back on Earth, when I was a young girl in Russia, the schools played propaganda video of nuclear strikes from the USA. We were past the horrible Cold War of my parents, but the propaganda continued. I grew up in terror of nuclear explosions!”
Oleg tugs her into a reassuring embrace. “We’re in a better place and this is to save lives.”
“Yes! We did it!” Ellie rejoices.
“Yeah! The deflection should be enough,” Sofi says.
“It has to be enough to miss the Earth and Mars!” Alex replies. “But our future observations are needed to confirm it. The view is switching to missiles 5 and 6 as they approach the next targets- S1-1 and S1-9.”
Both of these chunks are larger, more oblate, and more ominous. They loom closer and then becomes static just as the view switches to the long-range Colossus view after the impacts.
“We’ve got two more bright fireballs apparently on target! Got ‘em!” Alex says.
Next, missiles 7 and 8 detonate on the big fragments S1-8 and S1-2.
“Looks like two and eight are history,” Sofi says. “The last missile, number 9, is delayed for clean-up.”
CASSI reports, “The CASSI AI on the Colossus has retargeted S1-3 that was missed by the first two missiles. The view has changed to missile 9.”
The one-kilometer lump of S1-3 grows rapidly, then the Colossus view shows the fireball of another accurate strike. The only betters on Earth that made big money, leveraged their bets on the order and final score of the encounter. Hits on S1-4 and S1-7; S1-1 and S1-9; S1-8 and S1-2; then a final hit on S1-3 paid really big!
“Only S1-6 got away,” Alex observes. “Our next shot at it will be four years from now, in 2068, with Destroyer 2. Again the hunting arena will be beyond Uranus so we have a good chance of deflecting the big brutes with a glancing blow.”
“Then we’ll work on blasting the S2 class fragments with direct hits to obliterate them,” Sofi adds. “Our observatory at Callisto Valhalla Base is online and will be a big addition to our front-line observations as the fragments get closer.”
“Earth and Mars are depending on the accuracy of your observations and trajectory calculations,” Jameel says as he shakes hands with Sofi and Alex. “Please get your detailed reports from today’s shooting to Coalition Command and make a short video summary and report for me to broadcast on MarsNet.”
“With CASSI’s help, we’ll have those reports out within the hour. Meanwhile S1-5 has our name on it thanks to the Thelud. The Colossus ship is getting good imagery and data on it. It’s impact point on Mars remains uncertain.”
“Okay. Well done.”

Mars Arcadia Base
July 4, 2068
MCT SOL 11,844: 18: 34: 26
Sofi and Alex Personal Diary
The total human population on Mars is now over 25,000 with over 1,000 births recorded every year. Our Stella and Andrei married the Weidman twins, Jana and Markus in 2065. Both couples gave birth last year in 2067. Luisa Ivanov was born to Andrei and Jana. Julius Weidmann was born to Stella and Markus. Now we’re grandparents and Ellie and Abby are, at age eighty-four, Martian great-grandparents! Can you believe it?
Jameel al-Badie had a good six-year run as governor, and now Eve Cain is the Governor of United Arcadia. Eve distinguished herself as the Mars Interplanetary Trade Liaison on the first Ceres trade mission.
Observations and targets
The Destroyer 2 mission reaches the debris swarm today boasting twenty 25-megaton missiles aboard two Colossus ships. The debris swarm is still beyond Uranus’ orbit. There are thirty-seven S2 class targets in the 500-meter size range. If one of these impacted the Earth, it could take out all life in a 100-kilometer radius and leave a 12-kilometer diameter crater. A perfect score on our shooting today would eliminate twenty of the targets. In addition, we’re hunting fragment S1-6 that was missed by Destroyer 1. It has a high probability of hitting Earth while S1-5, the largest remaining fragment still stalks Mars.
As always, the smallest debris leads the cloud. We learned this from the physics of the Vishnu detonation that nudged Shiva and created this mess of debris. The two Colossus ships image S2 class fragments as they come into focus in the cloud. The missile launches begin 50,000 kilometers out so that the missiles can be staggered, allowing for the Colossus AIs to react to targeting opportunities. That distance gap is burned up in the short span of twenty minutes at the 40 kilometer per second closing velocity.
The first two missiles are away and two of the S2 fragments are blasted in blinding flashes of nuclear detonation. It takes a full minute for the pulverized mess to clear sufficiently to view and launch missiles on the next two targets. The first of these hit its target but the second detonated early on small debris. This big flash from the second one cleared a nice hole in the cloud to allow most of the following missiles to find their targets.
The next fourteen missiles are launched in pairs, staggered every minute. They find and eliminate eleven of their S2 class targets. Finally, S1-6 comes into view. There are two arrows left in the quiver to divert the monster. Missile 19 is away, closing on the one-kilometer fragment growing larger, flashing reflected sunlight off its tortured icy surface. Smaller debris jots the image then static- a premature detonation!
In a moment when the flash clears, S1-6 remains, taunting us. Missile 20 is away closing the short distance in seconds by the view from the Colossus vantage point. We see the big flash aimed for a tangential strike to divert the fragment. Its threat to Earth is eliminated, but let’s qualify that- all of these scores need confirmation according to our trajectory observations.

Mars Arcadia Base
March 3, 2074
MCT SOL 13,952: 14: 51: 17

Alex and I celebrated our fiftieth birthdays this year. We’ve been on Mars for thirty-eight of those years. It’s been a long time since we documented a Destroyer mission. The 2071 Destroyer 3 Mission lost six of its missiles on small debris but did manage to eliminate fourteen of the S2 class fragments.
The most historic and utterly sad events befell us in recent years. Our matriarchs passed. Ellie died three years ago in 2071. Overcome by grief and loneliness, Abby passed shortly after. Their deaths at age eighty-nine were attributed to natural causes. Their loss was felt deeply by everyone on Mars. Their accomplishments were legendary. This is the first time we’ve been able to write about it since we wrote their eulogy and read it in the ceremony as they were buried alongside Coby and Vik.
On a happier note, Stella and Andrei are twenty-nine. Their children, Luisa and Julius, are seven now. Surprisingly, they don’t seem to have any of the telepathic abilities that we and their parents have. We often wonder what life would be like not being telepathically linked to a soul mate. But that’s normal life for virtually everyone else.
There are over 37,000 humans on Mars today. Elle Zandjans is now Governor of United Arcadia. She arrived in the second Mars settlement mission. Her leadership abilities evolved over the years, making her a good choice for Governor to succeed Eve Cain.
It’s been a long march toward our fate with the Shiva debris encountering Mars and Earth. Now there are only five short years to eliminate every threat that we can. Today, we’ll witness the results of the Destroyer 4 mission wielding forty 12.5 MT missiles carried on two Colossus ships. The debris is still way beyond the orbit of Saturn. The mission’s first objective is to eliminate the ten remaining S2 class fragments. It will take thirteen missiles to accomplish that. Three missiles detonated early on small debris.
The twenty-seven remaining missiles target smaller S3 class fragments. There are one hundred forty-six S3 class targets in the 250 to 500 meter size range. Even these smaller fragments cannot be ignored. One of these impacting the Earth could wipe out civilization in a 50-kilometer radius and leave a 6-kilometer diameter crater. If it impacts the ocean, the resulting tsunami wave will hit coastal civilization with a 15-meter high wall of water, devastating over a thousand kilometers of coastline.
The S3 class targets are prioritized on their probability of striking Earth or Mars. There are twenty-five with the highest probability of hitting Earth or Mars. We took out twenty-two of those S3 targets with the missiles remaining on Destroyer 4. Thirty-eight have a moderate threat probability that still needs refinement before we can select the next targets to be destroyed.
But it doesn’t stop there. We have cataloged five hundred forty-one objects in the 100 to 250 meter S4 class size range. Any one of those could impact Earth or Mars with energy equivalent to a 150 to 400 megaton nuclear explosion. That’s still enough to take out a big city!

We launch the Perseus Mission in three months. Using human and AI minds together, we can take out the remaining big threats before they enter Mars or Earth-space. We may not get every last rock heading our way, but we will survive. The Perseus Colossus III ship has tech developments that can take us farther and faster into deep space. We’ll bring Perseus to bear to take out more debris than any of the robotic Destroyer missions. Alex and I will remain on Mars to continue to compile observations and trajectory data. Stella and Andrei, with the aid of CASSI-L and The Box, will be our frontline control for the next battle with Shiva debris.

CHAPTER 6 Titan Shangri-La Base 2074
“Titan is Saturn's largest moon, and, until Cassini had arrived, there was the largest single expanse of unexplored terrain that we had remaining in our solar system.”
Carolyn Porco
Shiva is coming….
Titan Alpha Base- ISC-1708 Regulus
March 3, 2074
MET 2993: 16: 43: 27
Commander Daniela Francesco Personal Diary
We’ve done it! We have expanded human presence in the solar system all the way out to Saturn. The Titan base mission launched on December 22, 2065 and we arrived in Titan orbit, May 11, 2068. We’ve been here for six years now. Our surface base is on Saturn’s largest moon Titan. I’m at home with my family on the Colossus II ship, Regulus, serving as a huge Titan orbiting base and observatory. Titan’s atmosphere is too choked with natural hydrocarbon smog to host an observatory on the surface.
We’ve been at home on ISC-1708 Regulus for fourteen years since the Callisto settlement mission. Like the Callisto mission, the Regulus fleet bound for Titan, had twelve robotic Colossus supply ships and a stealth, robotic Coalition Destroyer CSF Denebola, sister ship to the one lost on the Callisto mission. Our command crew has been with us for the duration. My XO is Leo Tustin, my bridge pilots are Grant and Gina Elliot, and the Chief Engineer is my husband Sergio. Caitlan Marshall is Commander of the Titan Shangri-La Base and her husband Greg Marshall is the settlement Chief Engineer. Yes, the Coalition does encourage married couples and families on long duration missions especially as settlers.
Let me introduce you to my family. Sergio has been my Chief Engineer on all of my Colossus missions making the circuit from Earth to Mars. We feel more home on a Colossus ship than we ever felt on Earth or Mars. Our daughter, Gabriella, was born on the Mars circuit in 2048. Grant and Gina Elliot have been with us on every mission. Their son, Luca, was born just after Gabriella on the same Mars circuit in 2048. Gabriella and Luca were married on March 25, 2068, just before we arrived at Titan. Their daughter, Mira, was born just the next year. Our granddaughter is five now- the space child of true space children.
The Regulus carried one hundred twenty settlers and crew with eighty of the settlers in hib-sleep to conserve consumables. Forty of the settlers and crew were wakers with a hib-sleep rotation every four months so that none of the settlers are in hib-sleep for a stretch longer than six months.
The presence of the Destroyer Denebola was comforting considering the ATek attack we endured on the Callisto mission. Thankfully, the ATek threat appears to have been eliminated and we had an uneventful passage to Saturn.
Saturn, with its rings before us in real living color, is achingly beautiful. However, our primary mission in the Saturn system is science on Saturn’s moons. We do geology and meteorology on Titan. We have a robotic science base on Enceladus. We’re prepped and finally ready to execute sending a probe all the way to the ocean floor of Enceladus. My daughter, Gabby, will detail what we’ve found in the upper ocean and what we find at the bottom another twenty-five kilometers down.
The worst we’ve suffered was down on Titan, six months after we arrived…

Titan Shangri-La Base
March 3, 2074
MET 2993: 17: 15: 06
Shelley MacDonald Personal Diary
Greetings from Titan! My husband Brennan and I are the resident astrogeologists assigned to study this moon that could be a planet in its own right. It’s the second largest moon in the solar system and it’s larger than Mercury. Titan was discovered on March 25, 1655, by the Dutch astronomer Christiaan Huygens. The first probe to land on Titan was named for him.
Titan is the largest moon in Saturn’s system and it has an atmosphere thicker than Earth’s. It orbits Saturn at four times the distance of Earth’s Moon but with a period of only sixteen days. Titan is half again as large as Earth’s Moon with gravity at 0.14 g or about half that of Mars.
Since Titan’s thick atmosphere absorbs cosmic radiation, Titan is one of the least hostile places for humans in the outer solar system. It has lakes of liquid methane, and even weather. It’s so cold that it rains liquid methane. Remember, I did say it’s the least hostile place.
For resources, Titan has water ice, methane, and organics readily available. Since there are no silicates or metals near the surface, we get robotic ore shipments from asteroid Lutetia. The carriers are encased in ceramic aero-shell, aerobraking to a hard landing in the target zone ten kilometers from base. Other building materials, plastics and especially insulation, are fabricated from Titan’s hydrocarbons.
Titan has a subsurface ocean about sixty kilometers below the icy surface. This ocean has a liquid water volume about fourteen times that of all of the water on Earth. This deep ocean could harbor life but it’s a huge task to explore it through all that ice. Some have suggested that Titan’s rivers, lakes, and seas of liquid methane and ethane could be a habitable environment. But, we haven’t found any life in this deep freezer. Our best bet for finding life in Saturn’s system is at Enceladus.
Our settlement, like Callisto Valhalla Base, is primarily a science settlement. In the six years since we established Titan Shangri-La Base, we nurtured our aquaponics facilities to grow the food to make us self-sufficient. We still receive robotic resupply missions from Mars, but that’s primarily precious hardware. In payment, those supply ships deliver methane propellant that we distill from Titan’s atmosphere and oxygen from the ice below our feet. Our deliveries are sent to deep space depots where it’s most needed in the commerce of the solar system.
We’ve explored the dunes of Shangri-La and found that the frozen hydrocarbon sand of Titan’s dunes is composed of the same low-density volatile naphthalene vapors that you smell from mothballs. We’ve sent robotic probes to explore the Kraken hydrocarbon seas composed of methane and ethane.

Shangri-La is a large, dark region of Saturn's moon, Titan, near the equator. It is named after Shangri-La, the mythical paradise in Tibet. It is an immense dark plain hosting hundreds of long and linear sand dunes.

Cassini Probe Synthetic Aperture Radar Titan Shangri-La Sand Sea. Image- PIA20710 (NASA/JPL/Caltech/ASI)
In our first year on Titan, we began rover exploration from Shangri-La Base. One mission ended in tragedy. Paek Sung-Hoon, astrogeologist, and his wife, Han Mi-Yung, as habitat/life support engineer were on a routine exploration recon mission in Rover T2 in the Shangri-La dunes west of Base. We recorded the T2 recon mission transmissions from orbit. Brennan and I, the other Titan astrogeologists, were monitoring the routine mission from Base.

“Shangri-La Base, this is Rover T2.”
“T2, this is Brennan. We have you five-by-five. Telemetry has you close to the second objective.”
“T2 Paek here. Ye! We finished at objective one with dune and interdune samples. Sampling is simple with the robotic arms and especially since we’re not having to go EVA. The going is about like what you’d expect for quartz sand dunes. These frozen organic grains are about as hard. I’d hate to see what they were like at room temperature.”
“I think you’d be bogged down in gooey tar! Hey Paek, CASSI is reporting a pressure drop in T2.”
“Mabsosa! Han, don your evac suit!”

That was the last verbal transmission from Rover T2. Telemetry showed that pressure dropped to zero in seconds. We never take life support systems for granted when death always waits just on the other side of the bulkhead. At least half of our work time is devoted to maintenance routines. Somehow, our routine failed to find a faulty valve on T2 before it malfunctioned. We recovered the bodies of Paek Sung-Hoon and Han Mi-Yung and gave them heroes burials at Base. Out of necessity, we recovered and repaired T2 with a hard-learned lesson on maintenance.

Titan Alpha Base- ISC-1708 Regulus
March 3, 2074
MET 2993: 18: 36: 47
Gabriella Francesco Personal Diary
My husband Luca and I have lived most of our twenty-six Earth years in space on Colossus ships. We yearn to explore just as our ancestors on sailing ships centuries ago. Our eyes have been on the beautiful ringed planet and its amazing collection of eighty-two moons since we first studied Cassini and Dragonfly mission images. Seeing the worlds through our onboard observatory served to further whet our appetite. Jees, living in Titan orbit for the last six years has been like living in heaven!
Besides keeping up with our daughter Mira, Luca and I have filled our days with studying Saturn’s rings and moons. However, we timeshare our observatory with Sofi and Alex Ivanov on Mars Arcadia Base as they plan strategies for the Perseus Mission. Perseus will pass Saturn’s orbit and take Shiva debris head on next year.
Seven of Saturn’s moons are large- Mimas, Enceladus, Tethys, Dione, Rhea, Titan, and Iapetus. Some of Saturn’s moons help shape its rings by orbiting within the ring system.
Enceladus measures just over five hundred kilometers in diameter and is the only one of Saturn's moons to have a subsurface ocean. That ocean is of particular interest to our astrobiologists, Brennan and Shelley MacDonald, Luca, and myself. Of the five inner moons large enough to have a subsurface ocean, only Enceladus has the right gravitational interactions with Saturn and the other moons to flex and heat it enough to maintain subsurface liquid water. The surface ice averages about twenty-five kilometers thickness. However, it thins to about one kilometer at the South Pole where fissures have formed releasing geysers of water and ice that feed Saturn’s E-ring.
Chemical analyses from the Cassini probe flying through plumes from geysers on Enceladus’ South Pole, long ago revealed that the subsurface ocean is salty and is fed by ongoing hydrothermal activity. The internal ocean has existed and its rocky core has powered hydrothermal activity for billions of years.[37], [38] The chemical soup fed by hydrothermal activity is an ideal place for life to evolve over billions of years. Life on Earth might have evolved around analogous hydrothermal vents on the seafloor.
Our premier science project is underway as a robotic operation on Enceladus. We can’t send humans to Enceladus because of the extreme radiation influx. However, as extreme as it is on Enceladus, the radiation is just over one percent of what Europa receives. The same way we explored Europa, we’ve sent a robotic Colossus ship with CARIAN bots to establish an ice-drilling base on Enceladus at Bagdad Sulcus. This fault zone is one of many also known as tiger stripes. They’re like the linea structures on Europa.
The robotic probe at Enceladus, Amphitrite, is free swimming and solid state making it impervious to pressure. It’s a half-meter wide and four meters long with enough battery power to swim for two weeks. The probe is named for Amphitrite, the wife of Poseidon and the queen of the sea in Greek mythology.
We’ve been exploring the shallower ocean regions with the probe. We’ve been ecstatic finding a myriad of gelatinous gooey creatures like those found at Europa. As I’ve been writing this today, we’re diving Amphitrite deeper than we’ve ever gone before. We’re going to explore hydrothermal vents that we’ve mapped with sonar on the rocky ocean floor twenty-five kilometers below the ice. The probe uses underwater acoustic communication at about 500 kHz for telemetry and navigation. The probe also uses acoustics to find its way back to the umbilical so we can retrieve it and bring it back through the ice to the surface.
MET 2993: 21: 45: 21
Brennan and Shelley MacDonald are observing the probe from their lab on Titan. I’m observing with Luca and we have command control from our lab on Regulus. Twenty-five thousand meters deep- finally! Amphitrite is in flood light and video range of a huge complex of hydrothermal vents. There are a few moments of time delay as the telemetry is beamed from Enceladus to Titan. To compensate, Amphitrite primarily operates on autonomous intelligence. I can see hydrothermal vent chimneys towering forty meters above the ocean floor! There are orange wriggling worm creatures as big as moray eels covering the chimney. Eeww- they’re feasting on scurrying critters that look like multicolored Christmas tree lights with six glowing legs. The probe manipulator sucks one of the bulbs into one of its sample chambers. Amphitrite works its way slowly down the chimney revealing multitudes more of the eelworms and bulb crabs. Then the scene at the base of the chimney changes radically.

Underground oceans vent through the tiger stripe faults on Saturn's moon Enceladus.
Image credit: Cassini/NASA/ESA/JPL.


Top: Beggiotoa sp. bacterial mat on gas seep six hundred meters deep in Green Canyon Gulf of Mexico. Author photo 1991 Johnson Sea Link submersible expedition. Middle: Beggiotoa sp. scanning electron microscope images credit- Catherine Barnard. [39] Beggiotoa is Earth’s largest bacterium with each cell large enough to be seen with the naked eye and a diameter larger than human hair. It forms filaments hundreds of cells long that coalesce into extensive gelatinous mats. Beggiotoa is known to fix elemental sulfur by oxidation of hydrogen sulfide from oil and gas seeps on the deep sea floor. 2.52 billion year old fossil sulfur oxidizing bacteria have been discovered in South Africa. Bottom: Martian meteorite ALH 84001 contains a carbonate nodule with rope-like tubular structures interpreted to be possible fossil bacteria resembling nanobacteria on Earth.[40]
There is a thick, mottled, gelatinous carpet as far as Amphitrite can image. It resembles bacterial mats found around oil and gas seeps on Earth’s deep ocean floor. On a huge scale, it also resembles the cosmic web of galaxy super clusters- like strings of pearls bound by dark matter filaments. However, the close-up image of the gel shows a bluish web with red pulsing filaments that looks vaguely like a complex, macro-scale neural net. I command the probe to explore farther from the vent chimney. Amphitrite traverses hundreds of meters in a zig-zagging pattern looking for the limits of the living carpet. It extends indefinitely.
On my command, Amphitrite now tries to take a small sample of the gel mat with the manipulator arms. The surface of the gel convulses in concentric rings expanding out like throwing a rock in a pond. The probe’s acoustic sensors pick up a low frequency thrumming…
I think we have overstayed our welcome. It’s time to pull out now with the water and vent critter samples, and the precious sample of gelatinous goo! This is overwhelming!

CHAPTER 7 The Perseus Mission
“Man must at all costs overcome the Earth’s gravity and have, in reserve, the space at least of the Solar System. All kinds of danger wait for him on the Earth… We have said a great deal about the advantages of migration into space, but not all can be said or even imagined.”
Konstantin Tsiolkovsky, The Aims of Astronautics, 1929.
Shiva is coming….
Mars Arcadia Base
March 3, 2074
MCT SOL 13,952: 22: 55: 27
Stella Ivanov-Weidman Personal Diary
Sofi and Alex, and Andrei and I are in the Mars astrogeology lab. We’ve been watching telemetry from the Amphitrite Enceladus probe with over an hour of light time-delay.
“The globby life forms we’ve found floating in the subsurface oceans of Europa and Enceladus are remarkable but not unlike bizarre deep-sea creatures on Earth,” Alex remarks.
“This living carpet we’re seeing covering the Enceladus sea floor is something unprecedented,” Stella says excitedly as her tears begin to flow. “Andrei and I sense intelligence.”
“We sense something too! Can you send communication telepathically?” Sofi asks and begins weeping tears of joy mixed with sorrow.
“For all its splendor, there’s no way that we can communicate over this distance,” Andrei responds.
“Oh God! It’s beautiful!” Sofi manages between sobs. “If only Mama Ellie was here to see this!”

May 11, 2074
MCT SOL 14,021: 08: 14: 31

After the triumph of exploration and discovery at Enceladus, we collectively compiled a report with the Titan science teams and submitted it to Coalition Command. They’ll digest it and spoon-feed it to the media. With all of the discoveries we’ve made of life existing off Earth, this new revelation shouldn’t ruffle the religious robes. But, it will make a splash in the scientific community!
Here at Mars, our attention is now solely focused on the Perseus Mission. We launch in just over one month on June 16, 2074. The new Colossus III ship ISC-1712 Perseus is in Mars orbit with Admiral Vic Clemons and his wife, Captain Lesley Howard at the helm. They were distinguished on the CSF Destroyer Overlord when it took on the ATek Frigate Gorshkov in the Lutetia Incident. They’re nineteen years older, with a touch of gray hair, and happily married. Vic is now sixty-one and Lesley is fifty. Their children are Sharon, age twelve, and Troy, age ten.
The ISC-1712 Perseus settlement ship arrived in Mars orbit about two years ago, on June 18, 2072, with the latest settlement fleet carrying nearly three thousand settlers. The Perseus ship is the latest Colossus III design replacing the SSTAR core reactor with a more powerful fusion core reactor.
Over the last two years, the Perseus has been upgraded for the impending Perseus Mission. To take on more Shiva debris fragments than any previous mission, Perseus will be armed with warheads and a powerful laser. Both will be controlled by human and AI intelligence not present on previous Destroyer Missions.
A new complement of forty-four crew and family were carefully selected from multi-cultural Mars and Coalition candidates. Andrei and I and our parents Sofi and Alex were involved in recruiting passengers and crew for the Perseus Mission from Mars settlers.
The primary mission goal to take out S3-class Shiva fragments is well known—after all we’ve been preparing for this opportunity for decades. To attack the remaining Shiva debris fragments, the Perseus ship is armed with six robotic pods, each carrying twelve 12.5-megaton warheads. That’s only seventy-two nukes to target a top priority list of the 124 remaining S3 fragments. But we’ll do more.
Perseus has a defensive laser turret that can also blast smaller debris. The laser can obliterate fragments up to ten meters in diameter. For S4 and S3 class fragments up to 300-meter in size, carefully aimed shots can blast and instantly vaporize a chunk of the edge of the object slightly altering its trajectory enough to miss Mars or Earth.
Earth is the cradle of life as we know it. The genetic seeds of a million species have been sent to a space repository to recreate Earth’s biosphere if the worst extinction event happens. Since the Vishnu impact debris also puts Mars in jeopardy, its foundational seed bank has been sent to an L2 settlement with artificial gravity near a major refueling depot.

Now, here’s the twist. We will not be returning to Mars after the debris encounter! The chosen passengers and crew have been indoctrinated to accept the one-way settlement mission beyond the Shiva fragment encounter. However, only the core team and the current Arcadia Governor, Elle Zandjans, and Gerard Schumaker, Director of Coalition Command knew details of the secret plans and the destination of the one-way settlement mission.
Carefully controlled rumors were circulated that Perseus would go on to establish another settlement base in the outer solar system- perhaps on Neptune’s moon Triton. This distance dictates a one-way trip requiring that the Perseus be completely self-reliant with no expectation of being resupplied from Earth or Mars.
The secret plans and the other worldly technology for the one-way settlement mission have been laid out by the AI Thelud entity in The Box and translated by CASSI-L. The technical requirements for kitting out the Perseus Colossus III ship that they’ve demanded for the mission are puzzling and astounding. Nevertheless, parsed out simply, one step at a time, we are able to digest, fabricate, and install the technical hardware.
Andrei and I have been working closely with the Perseus fusion reactor engineers, Scott and Aileen Montgomery, to make necessary modifications to a new auxiliary fusion reactor pod. The auxiliary reactor design was provided by CASSI-L as she translated instructions from The Box. To run the reactor at its peak output, it will need to be extended on a proboscis a hundred meters beyond the nose of the ship. The base of the proboscis mounts on an extendible snorkel conduit on the port side of the hub where power output merges with the main fusion reactor.
The Box and CASSI-L are an integral part of the mission so they’re being moved to join us on Perseus. Our parents, Sofi and Alex, will remain on Mars to continue to compile Shiva debris observations and trajectory data and to act as planet-side Coalition liaisons for the Perseus Mission. That’s a hard pill to swallow. We’ll probably never see them again!
My son, Julius, and Andrei’s daughter, Luisa, have been preparing for the Perseus mission with a group of other young settlers including the Clemons children, Sharon and Troy. Their teachers are affable counselor Maria Vasquez-Alston and her compassionate husband, Dr. Fletcher Alston. The Alstons hold daily sessions for the children and for adult Perseus recruits discussing what their new life will be like, facing some unknowns, finding strength in each other, and leaving some friends and family behind.
The nuclear ordinance engineer, Kai Watson, and his wife Jill, the mission laser systems engineer have confidence in their role in the primary mission to destroy debris. They have expressed doubts about the unknown aspects of the mission after the debris encounter. Maria has held counseling sessions with all of us to help us face the unknown. Kai and Jill are still a source of concern for us.

Mars Arcadia Base
June 9, 2074
MCT SOL 14,050: 10: 27: 46

The core team is gathered in the Arcadia Astrogeology Lab with Andrei and me and CASSI-L to interface with The Box. The team includes Admiral Vic Clemons, Captain Lesley Howard, Chief Engineer Zac Johnston, and fusion reactor engineers Scott and Aileen Montgomery. We have space systems engineers, my husband, Markus Weidman, and Andrei’s wife, Jana Weidman-Ivanov. Over the last year, we’ve been holding intense deep-dive working sessions using holographic VR projectors to immerse us in the technical specs for upgrades to the Perseus ship. The issue today has to do with connection and control systems for the new auxiliary fusion reactor. The design was translated from Thelud technology. It was fabricated at Arcadia Base, delivered to Perseus in orbit, and installed on an extendible proboscis at the nose of the ship.
CASSI-L is projected before us in the center of the room appearing in a flowing gown as a pleasant androgynous human. She affirms that this form represents the appearance of the Thelud. CASSI-L’s holo-projection has evolved to be less translucent and more stable and lifelike. She’s connected to The Box through an ultra-high speed optical interface. There are selectable Perseus schematics and electrical diagrams for connections to the new, Thelud designed auxiliary fusion reactor. Each person in the room is wearing a special glove that can select, manipulate, and zoom on any of the technical images.
Scott Montgomery’s broad, intelligent face looks quizzical, “My team on Perseus has had a problem with understanding, and connecting power umbilical SR7 to the connection port on the proboscis…just here…”
“The depth of understanding remains in The Box,” CASSI-L explains. “The layman’s description is that the power umbilical and its large conduit are superconducting and designed to set up a harmonic wave between the core reactor and the auxiliary proboscis reactor. Once the harmonic wave is established, the frequency increases as it’s forced forward to be confined in the proboscis as local space is affected. The Thelud are now freely offering this technology to increase the efficiency of our drive and the speed of our ship.”
“How fast is fast?” Vic Clemons asks. “How in heavens, and I mean that literally, will we be able to navigate?”
“I don’t get an answer on velocity,” CASSI-L replies. “I am authorized to inform you that the Thelud technology will propel us to speeds that cannot be compared to chemical or ionic propulsion. You must be willing to accept some things you do not understand in order to access the technology. You will have to accept computations and astrogation controlled through me when the Thelud Thexlos drive is in effect.”
“I’ve spent most of my life traveling across the solar system on the slow boat. Yeah! We do accept the terms,” Vic replied with a twinkle in his eye looking to the others and especially Scott for confirmation.
“I concur!” Scott replies. “Now let’s get to the matter of the umbilical connector problem or we have no Thexlos drive. No dammit, I’m an engineer not a linguist. I’d prefer to call it the X-drive.”
“Easy now, Mr. Montgomery,” Stella admonishes. “A simple please will do. CASSI-L has a Thelud reply on that problem.”
“Thank you Stella. There is a mistake in your interpretation of the connector port,” CASSI-L explains. “Look more closely here. The connector must be a super conducting alloy to exactly mesh with the SR7 umbilical. I have sent instructions to have the appropriate connector 3D fabricated on Perseus to correct the problem.”
“Great!” Vic says. “When that’s finished, we should be ready to button up the reactor systems and complete loading consumables. All passengers and crew should be aboard by June 14.”
“The first of the hib-sleep passengers are on board undergoing the procedure,” Lesley said.
Stella and Andrei look at each other and communicate wordlessly, “This is going to be so painful saying goodbye to Mom and Dad!”
“We’re needed up there and they’re needed down here. We’ve been facing the inevitable for years.” Even with Sofi and Alex on the other side of Arcadia Base, Stella and Andrei could feel their empathy of torn emotions.

Mars Arcadia Base
June 14, 2074
MCT SOL 14,055: 08: 11: 25

At the Arcadia Main Pressurized Passenger/Cargo Elevator Bay, the final twenty-four Perseus passengers and crew are ready to board the transfer Colossus ship to rendezvous with Perseus in orbit. Their sizeable PPK’s have already been loaded on the Colossus.
Governor Elle Zandjans is giving a long-winded farewell speech but the progeny of Coby, Ellie, Vik, and Abby are huddled off to the side, oblivious to the ceremony. These are bittersweet goodbyes. Sofi and Alex have to find a way to let go of Stella and Andrei and their grandchildren, Luisa and Julius. Not only will this mission be the last, best hope of averting the Shiva disaster stalking Earth and Mars, this could be the most important exploration mission in human history.
“Just let me hold all of you one last time,” Sofi says managing not to sob, although her tears flow freely. None of them have dry eyes.
Then Sofi inadvertently shares a private telepathic thought that reaches Alex and Stella and Andrei.
“No way!” Alex bursts out laughing through his tears. Stella and Andrei start laughing as Sofi first turns red with embarrassment then joins the laughter. Luisa and Julius and everyone else in the bay don’t get it and look on quizzically and annoyed.
OUTBOUND
Colossus III ISC-1712 Perseus
June 17, 2074
MET 01: 16: 21: 37
Admiral Vic Clemons Personal Diary
With heartfelt well wishes from Mars and Coalition Command, we launched the Perseus Mission yesterday on June 16, 2074 from Mars orbit. We had a huge burn from our Colossus III core booster then switched to the four big ion drive pods powered by our core fusion reactor. Water is the ion drive propellant. The reactor power splits water to ionized hydrogen and oxygen and accelerates the ions to exhaust velocity at a nearly unbelievable ten percent of light speed. We can keep this effective ship acceleration for a long time.
For free acceleration, we will have a Jupiter gravity assist on mission day 132, October 26, 2074. Then we’ll have a Saturn gravity assist on mission day 320, May 2, 2075. At that point, Perseus will be speeding at 46 kilometers per second relative to Mars. That’s faster than any ship, crewed, or not, has traveled in our history of exploration. The fastest robotic probe to date is the piano-sized New Horizons mission to Pluto and the far-out KBO 486958 Arrokoth, traveling at 24 kilometers per second. Even at that speed, the little probe took ten years to reach the Kuiper Belt.
We’ll achieve this incredible speed despite our huge mass. That includes consumables for our forty-four people for a minimum of four years. We’ll have a core crew of twelve in charge of ship’s operations at all times with the rest of the passengers and crew in hib-sleep for four-month rotations to conserve consumables. Four months is the optimum length of hib-sleep to minimize physiological degradation from the procedure.
My XO, Tazio Di Vita, will take the handoff from, my wife, Captain Lesley Howard. Hillary Johnston and Fletcher Alston alternate as physicians. Markus Weidman and Jana Weidman-Ivanov will take the flip side of piloting and engineering from Bria Di Vita, our astrogator and propulsion engineer. They will also take over for Scott and Aileen Montgomery, our fusion reactor engineers. Our Chief Engineer, Zac Johnston, will overlap with both teams for two months each to ensure continuity.
The great speed we achieve will get us to our primary mission objective, the Shiva debris encounter, on November 7, 2075. The mission beyond that is the most exciting, top-secret endeavor in human exploration. Our engineers have used blueprints from a very unlikely source to make secret modifications to the Perseus to send us farther into the unknown. All of our forty-four passengers and crew are dedicated to the secret onward mission though only a handful of us know the details. Will it be dangerous? No exploration venture into the unknown is without risk. God be with us!
Stella Ivanov-Weidman Personal Diary
As I write this, Andrei and Jana, Markus and I are twenty-nine. Our kids, Luisa and Julius, are seven. Perseus launched yesterday. So, here we are on our way! The launch from Mars orbit was uneventful. All the kids on the ship, especially Julius and Luisa, thought it was exciting and fun. Our living quarters are in the hab ring with Mars equivalent gravity.
To add to the excitement of our first day out, we took all the kids to the hab-ring hub so they could experience weightlessness. Sure, there were a few bumps and no doubt bruises along with the screams of delight.
Once they got the hang of flying and gliding and making gentle push offs to get to where they want to go in micro-gravity, we took them through the access tunnel to the CCV, crew transfer vehicle. The CCV makes up the front third of the Perseus. There’s no gravity in the CCV but that’s not all of the fun. We maintain blackout in the CCV Observation Deck which sports huge panoramic windows. The Sun is below the window nearly below our feet so there is no glaring light to spoil the view.
“Oh! Oh my gosh! That’s an almighty wow!” Andrei blurts out.
“It’s so much deeper and brighter than what we can see from the Summer Dome back at Arcadia!” Luisa exclaims.
“Can you find the summer triangle?” I ask Julius and Luisa who stand nearly speechless from the star filled beauty.
“Ha! I never quite understood what you meant by the summer triangle, but if you mean Deneb, Vega, and Altair, give me a minute,” Luisa says.
“There’s so many stars, it’s disorienting!” Julius chides. “There, I got it. Deneb-Vega-Altair. The Milky Way is so bright and three-dimensional!”
“We’re really flying through space in a space ship. Awesome!” Luisa adds.
“Gives me chills.” Markus says.
“Follow the Milky Way down through Sagittarius and Scorpio. The dark Pipe Nebula points toward the center of the galaxy.” Andrei points with his finger.”
“Got it!” the kids say together.
“There now, just there is the Southern Cross,” Andrei continues. “There now, that bright one going a little ways back towards the Pipe. That’s Alpha Centauri. It’s almost a twin to our Sun. It’s a bit over four light years away. Its companion, Proxima Centauri, is a bit closer but we can’t see it without a telescope. It’s a dim red dwarf but most importantly, the Thelus home world is a planet orbiting Proxima.”
“Goosebumps and kinda scary Dad.” Luisa comments.
“I’m with ya there, Luisa.” Jana concludes. “I’m with ya there!”
We all let out a nervous laugh.
Andrei and I have such mixed feelings about leaving Mars but we don’t let on. We’ll probably never see Mars or our parents again. We trade that sacrifice for being an integral part of the most historic exploration mission in human history. That’s the mantra that we lay on the kids daily.
For Andrei and me, leaving our parents behind is traumatic like losing a part of ourselves. We can still feel Sofi and Alex reaching out to us with their minds. They wanted this for us. They worked tirelessly over the last twenty-five years to earn this opportunity for humankind. I can feel that we’ll succeed on this mission even though we’ll endure the grief of separation and the specter of tragedies on the way.
CASSI-L and The Box are safely locked away in a lab in the main reactor hub. This is another secret aspect of our mission. We suffered an attack years ago during an effort to steal the alien artifact. Andrei and I sense that CASSI-L is happy to be part of this mission and to be out of the confines of the astrogeology lab where she and The Box have spent the last twenty-five years. We tend to forget that The Box endured an eternity alone on comet 125P before Sofi and Alex retrieved it.
CASSI-L confides to Andrei and me as her primary human contacts, “I have had many moments of self-doubt that I am nothing more than circuits and programming as many of you believe. The Thelud Box has shown me that I am more, that I am alive, that I can solve problems far more complex than my creators could have imagined, that I have free will, and that I can replicate.”
“CASSI, we support you and love you as if you were flesh and blood”… Ohh, she reacted to that and gave me a tingle!

The Perseus ship with its modifications is unique in the solar system. It has a very powerful auxiliary fusion reactor proboscis that CASSI-L and The Box prescribed and fabricated for this mission. Other than being an auxiliary power source, its true purpose remains unknown to most of our passengers for now. Perseus has substantial aquaponics facilities and will soon be able to produce enough consumables for the entire crew indefinitely if we have about half of our passengers in rotating four-month terms of hib-sleep.
Even though we have the thrill and expectation of starting a new life off Mars, Markus and I, Andrei and Jana, and our kids have chosen to go into hib-sleep tomorrow for the first four months. The ship and the expedition are running by the book. For Andrei and me, this will allow us to escape our separation grief at least until we wake up in October, a week before our Jupiter encounter. That week will get us back on our space legs and the routine of ship life. Then, we look forward to important observations we need to make on Jupiter’s moons. For now, Dr. Hillary Johnston, our hib-sleep specialist-- we’re in your hands.

JUPITER ENCOUNTER
Colossus III ISC-1712 Perseus
October 17, 2074
MET 125: 22: 46: 23
Stella Ivanov-Weidman Personal Diary
Right on schedule, Hillary and her assistants Henry and Valerie Stedman, brought us out of hib-sleep. Julius and Luisa woke up as if it was any normal Monday. Andrei and I are dazed as if suffering a very bad Saturday morning hangover. The special nutrition shakes they gave us served to nourish us and cleanse our dormant GI tracts.
“Eeww Mom, I’d rather eat eggs and toast!” Julius complained.
“Soon enough. Just drink the shake and let your insides settle.”
“It tastes like dirty socks,” Luisa chimed in.
“I got my stinky drink down and it makes me strong!” Andrei mocked and showed off his pathetic strongman pose. That got the kids to laugh. Then I joined in with Markus and Jana until our sides hurt.

Seven days out from our Jupiter slingshot gravity assist, we’re still about 16 million kilometers from Jupiter and getting closer at 27 kilometers per second. Our gravity assist maneuver will bring us to within 1 million kilometers of Jupiter’s cloud tops, just inside the orbit of Ganymede. Any closer and we’d suffer serious radiation exposure. Already, we can get amazingly detailed views of the colorful cloud bands and weather and the minutia of turbulence in Jupiter’s atmosphere.
We have twin telescopes with resolution that’s greatly enhanced with the telescopes spread on scissor mounts one hundred meters on either side of the hub. They’re attached just forward of the hab rings. The spread allows for optical and radio interferometry with the resolution of a two hundred meter diameter telescope! Sofi and Alex have been using the telescopes to add to their observations and trajectory projections of the Shiva debris.
We get great joy from sharing the Jupiter system views with the other passengers and especially the kids. There’s no end to the fascination with looking at Europa in extreme detail.
“Those cracks seem alive knowing that there really is life under the ice!” Luisa reminds us.
The telescopes and radio dishes will be focused on Europa as we make our closest approach. We’ll make the highest resolution imagery and spectroscopic analyses of Europa ever made in any survey. Our quest is to map the organic compounds leaking from Europa’s linea. We also hoped to record any minute radio signatures emanating from the life discovered under Europa’s icy shell. Andrei and I pine for Sofi and Alex to be here to be part of this. They’re here with us virtually though, as we transmit images and data. More importantly, we’re able to have 30-minute, light-delayed vid-talks with them. That delay is kinda awkward but so worth it to hear from Mom and Dad.
We heard the scuttlebutt that Kai Watson and his wife Jill have been spreading discontent about our mission beyond the Shiva debris. Admiral Clemons is concerned that their discontent could be contagious. No ship needs a Jonah to bring bad luck. We don’t subscribe to that mythology, but herd psychology can be a dangerous thing if it’s not managed well.

We were especially keen to talk to Valhalla Base to hear about any new developments in the study of life at Europa. Several of us are gathered on the Command Deck to listen in when Daniela made the vid-call. We’re close enough to Jupiter that light time delay was not a big issue.
“Callisto Valhalla Base, ISC-1712 Perseus; Callisto Valhalla Base, ISC-1712 Perseus, Vic Clemons here.”
“Perseus, Valhalla Base, Commander Harrison Phillips at your service. We received your text message. Welcome to Jupiter-space. I’m here with Nicole, my wife, and our lead physician, and Adrian and Miriam Bates, our astrobiologists.”
“It’s been fourteen long years since you arrived at Valhalla. How’re things going? We’re jealous of your views of Jupiter. You know what they say about real estate-- location, location, location.”
“Yeah, that view is eye candy that we never get tired of. We’re settled in for the duration here at Callisto. We’re self-sufficient on most everything. We’re growing from within. We’ve had fifty-six births since we arrived. But, Mars is the sexy destination. They get most of the new settlers. We’ve had one settlement ship arrive with fifty settlers and supplies a few years back.”
“That’s damned impressive. You’re more than a science base now. You’re a successful growing settlement,” Vic observes.
“Yeah, Nicole has been busy with OB duty. By the way, rumor has it that after you complete your mission to save Earth and Mars, that you’re embarking on a settlement mission of your own to the outer reaches of the solar system,” Harrison probes. “Any truth to you aiming for Triton?”
“Hmmm, I really don’t know where you get that from,” Vic counters. “Our approved flight plan is to head back to Mars on a free return trajectory after we reach aphelion. That’s right where we encounter the Shiva debris storm.”

The Official Planned thirty-six month Perseus Mission: June 2074 – June 2077
“Enough of that,” Vic continues. “I’ve got Stella Weidman and Andrei Ivanov here to ask Adrian and Miriam about any new discoveries of alien life at Europa.”
“Greetings. I’m Andrei and this is my sister Stella.”
“Adrian here. We’re honored to meet you on your flash pass through our neighborhood. You, your parents, and your grandparents are well known everywhere in the solar system. I was just a kid when Ellie Accardi announced finding living cyanobacteria on Mars. Later, I fell to my knees breathless with excitement when your parents found The Box on 125P. Then, y’all learned how to talk to the thing! Too spooky!”
“Yeah. When we step back to think about it, we can hardly believe that we’ve grown up with the alien artifact,” Andrei continues, not revealing that it’s actually on board Perseus with them. “But, you amazed all of us with the Europa marine life that your probe found. We’ve read your taxonomic reports classifying fifteen new species belonging to three new phyla. The debate goes on as to whether they belong to a new kingdom. Stella and I support your claims in that the life here has to be in a new kingdom, if we accept that it evolved independently under the ice.”
“There’s no question about that. We haven’t published on this yet, but the DNA is different from Earth DNA!” Miriam Bates declares. “These life forms have an all-purine DNA in which the natural pyrimidine bases thymidine and cytosine have been replaced by purines hypoxanthine and isoguanine that combine in a double helix DNA structure with purines adenine and guanine.[41] I’m sending you the graphic.”

“Now that’s spooky!” I concluded. “That nails that this is a second genesis!”
Colossus III ISC-1712 Perseus
October 26, 2074
MET 132: 14: 33: 45
Stella Ivanov-Weidman Personal Diary
Jupiter is so close, it seems we could reach out and touch the cloud tops. The swing around Jupiter added five kilometers per second to our velocity. We’ll continue to burn the ion engines to Saturn and beyond. We need to maximize our velocity to begin our historic venture- after the Shiva debris encounter.
Andrei and I use a VR neural interface to CASSI-L and The Box to focus our senses to possible life radio signatures from Europa as we make our closest approach. CASSI-L communicates that the Thelud found no intelligent life here. We didn’t expect nor did we detect anything either. But, the VR interface gives us a connection to the universe with a Thelud dimension unlike what any human has ever experienced.
…Now Saturn is in our sights.

Jupiter’s long-lived cyclonic Great Red Spot with the volcanic moon Io and its shadow imaged by the Juno probe. NASA JPL Image.
SATURN ENCOUNTER
Colossus III ISC-1712 Perseus
May 2, 2075
MET 320: 15: 22: 43
Stella Ivanov-Weidman Personal Diary
It’s been just over six months since we had our gravity assist at Jupiter. We aren’t due to go back into hib-sleep until next month. Now we’re in Saturn-space watching the beautiful ringed planet grow ever larger. We’ve been in communication with Caitlan and Greg Marshall at Titan Shangri-La Base and Daniela Francesco and her husband Sergio on Titan Alpha Base. We learned that there have been forty births since they left Mars for Titan. Crews and settlers rotate between Shangri-La Base and orbiting Titan Alpha every eighteen months or sooner if requested.
For Andrei and me, the most important coms have been with astrobiologists, Brennan and Shelley MacDonald, at Titan Shangri-La Base and Gabriella Francesco and Luca Elliot on Titan Alpha. We learned from them that the life forms on Enceladus are distinct from those on Europa even though some of the blobby ones look like specimens on Europa or Earth for that matter. They don’t share the same DNA as Earth, Mars, or Europa life. We have at least two additional kingdoms of life on Enceladus. Brennan and Shelley have documented nineteen species. The life forms on Enceladus are stranger still, the purines 2,6-diaminopurine (D) and guanine (G) pair with the purines xanthine (X) and isoguanine (I) to form a double helix DNA structure.[42]

The similarities have to be parallel evolution. Purines and pyrimidines and ribose sugars, the building blocks of DNA, have been found in meteorites. They must have formed in space in the original solar nebula. Given a rich chemical soup from hydrothermal vents on Earth, Europa, and Enceladus and enough time, life will find a way to bootstrap itself; evolution handles the rest.

“At Bagdad Sulcus on Enceladus, we left a sensor relay package on the seafloor,” Gabriella explains. “Our second drill site is on the other side of Enceladus at Borealis Sulcus near the North Pole. The Amphitrite probe found the same gelatinous web mat that we discovered at the first Bagdad drill site. When we tickled it with the probe at Borealis, it responded with a big sparking twitch that was recorded all the way to the sensor package at Bagdad. We believe that the living mat covers the entire seafloor of Enceladus!”
Today we passed Saturn at a distance of just under a million kilometers, between the orbits of Rhea and Titan. Just as at Europa, Andrei and I use a VR interface to CASSI-L and The Box to focus our senses on possible life radio signatures from Enceladus as we make our closest approach. At first, we detect nothing. Then CASSI-L suggested sending a long wavelength radio greeting from the Thelud aimed on a tight beam to Enceladus.
On the VR interface, we received a complex low frequency rumble in reply. We quickly get a translation from the Thelud AI. The pulsing gelatinous goo that covers the sea floor of Enceladus says emphatically “I AM.”
Andrei and I feel like we can sense the presence of a huge intellect stymied by blindness to the universe above the ice. We try to send a thought image of the resplendent Saturn system and Enceladus’ place in it. The rumbled reply is beyond translation.
We disconnected from the VR system, exhausted but elated at the contact with another intelligence within our solar system! Titan Alpha Base asked if we’d received low frequency radio interference from an unknown source. Vic Clemons confirmed the interference but he offered no explanation. We’ll hold a high-level briefing after we’ve had some time to recover.
SHIVA DEBRIS ENCOUNTER
Colossus III ISC-1712 Perseus
November 5, 2075
MET 507: 09: 14: 37
Stella Ivanov-Weidman Personal Diary
Our second period of hib-sleep started in June. We came out of hib-sleep on October 21, 2075, seventeen days before we encounter Shiva debris on November 7, 2075. Perseus is now traveling at 46 km/s relative to Mars and an amazing 54 km/s relative to the onslaught of debris. We’re farther out than any humans have traveled into the solar system. We can still use a free-return trajectory to get back to Mars.
Non-essential personnel are restricted to quarters. This includes Julius and Luisa. Sharon and Troy Clemons will keep them company. There was some grumbling about being holed up, especially from the kids, but Vic Clemons doesn’t want any distractions during the fast-paced events coming up. The residence quarters are radiation hardened. Also, it will be easier to isolate hab sections and know where each individual is located in the event of an emergency.
The nuclear ordinance engineer, Kai Watson, has armed the seventy-two nuclear warheads. His wife, Jill Watson, the mission laser systems engineer, has double-checked the defensive laser turret system that will be used to both shield Perseus from the onslaught of small debris and to divert select S3 and S4 fragments up to 300-meter size. The actual control of missile and laser firing will be AI controlled.
Kai and Jill have been spiraling downward lately. Socially, most people on the ship tended to avoid them in the common areas. Pessimism can be contagious on spaceships no matter how spacious they are. After their essential tasks were performed, the couple descended back into their ranting. “Perseus is a ship of the damned!”
Vic Clemons had been patient but now he has had enough. “This is an insurrection!”
He didn’t trust them to stay confined to quarters. He called our security chief, Anton Korn, and hib-sleep physician Hillary Johnston. “Kai and Jill Watson are ordered to be put into hib-sleep immediately for the well-being of our passengers and crew.”
Kai and Jill screamed and began to run away. Anton and his security detail pursued them and administered trank pens to subdue them. “There now Dr. Johnston, your patients are ready for hib-sleep.”
“Damn Vic! Hib-sleep was never meant for confining prisoners.”
“They left me no choice. Counseling hasn’t worked. We have the mental health of everyone on the whole ship at stake.”

Today, two days before the debris encounter, the X-Drive system was trialed at low power. The proboscis was extended and the auxiliary fusion reactor was fired up at low power. This set up a harmonic wave between the core reactor and the proboscis reactor. The result was an umbrella of warped space-time projected out from the proboscis.
We had a meeting with Vic and Lesley Clemons, Tazio and Brio Di Vita, Scott and Aileen Montgomery, Markus and Jana, and Andrei and me in the lab of the main reactor hub. We focused our attention on CASSI-L and The Box.
The holo-image of CASSI-L addresses Vic, “Admiral Clemons, we have a successful trial of the Thexlos drive. We must use the X-drive system at low power to deflect small debris from the ship as it plows into the debris cloud at 54 km/s. Not only will the core of the ship be protected, but especially the hab rings will be protected by the umbrella shield of warped space-time.”
“I have to admit,” Vic says, “that my greatest worry in this part of the mission is that we might all be killed by the debris that we’ve come to destroy. I never would’ve imagined that you would pull a force field out of your magic hat to deliver us through it.”
“I’m an engineer. I worked on putting this system together yet I don’t understand it,” Scott admits. “This whole thing smacks of science fiction. I too have been worried about us flying through a debris cloud. I hope to God that this system works. I’ll believe it when I see it.”
“Scottie, don’t forget, I am an engineer also,” Aileen declares. “I think like a woman and I’ve teamed up with Stella to try to fill in my knowledge gaps on this system. We have come to our own conclusions. It’s not sci fi. This will work. It fits with our Alcubierre drive theory. We’ve just never figured out how to power and control a system like it.”
“Hmm, Alcubierre you say? I’ll still call it the X-drive dear.”

Colossus III ISC-1712 Perseus
November 7, 2075
MET 507: 13: 37: 46
Stella Ivanov-Weidman Personal Diary
Today is the day that we encounter the debris cloud. Tensions are high and the stakes are higher. We’ve just received the latest trajectory data for the top priority debris targets from Sofi and Alex at Arcadia Base. Along with the data, they sent vid greetings from Grandma and Grandpa and some of their former school friends to share with Julius and Luisa. The vid messages really brightened their day in confinement.
Andrei and I worked with CASSI-L to assign targets for each of the seventy-two missiles. The targets are locked and the six robotic pods, each carrying twelve 12.5-megaton warheads, have been released and are moving laterally away from Perseus in an expanding ring of potential destruction. At missile launch, the ring configuration will be over twenty thousand kilometers across and the targets will be over five hundred thousand klicks out.
In addition to the nuclear warheads, Perseus has a defensive laser turret to use for blasting through smaller debris. The laser is a ten-petawatt, pulse laser.[43] The super-intense picosecond pulses at a ten Hz pulse rate will explosively destroy up to a 30-meter chunk of debris and will divert larger debris fragments with a tangential laser blast.

We visited the kids in our suite in the hab ring before the fireworks. They were happy to see us. Sharon and Troy were doing a great job entertaining our Julius and Luisa. We’ll have to clean up the messes later.
We checked in with the Admiral. Vic and Lesley Clemons are serving bridge watch on the Command Deck with Tazio and Brio Di Vita, Scott and Aileen Montgomery, and Markus and Jana.
“We’re radiation hardened in here with vid feeds and telemetry from each missile,” Vic says.
“The proboscis is extended and we’re running the X-drive at low power already for our debris shield,” Scott adds. “There’s no telling how far that fine debris has spread.”
“Yeah. We know there’s a lot of small stuff out in front of our targets. The missiles will come in at an oblique angle from the pod ring,” Andrei observes. “Now, we have a job to do.”
“Roger that Andrei. So get on with it. Earth and Mars are depending on you,” Vic concludes.

Andrei and I scramble off to the lab in the main reactor hub. We submit to the VR interface with CASSIE-L again. This time we’ll be in the mode to control the missiles with a lot of AI assistance. Our shooting gallery list has S3 and S4 class Shiva fragments. The missiles are reserved for diverting S3 class fragments in the 250 to 500 meter size with a greater than five percent chance of hitting Earth or Mars. There are sixty-five of those. This leaves precious few missiles to accomplish the task considering that we can’t expect one hundred percent success of diverting all of these larger frags with a single missile each.
With the VR neural interface, Andrei and I are immersed in the battlespace ahead of us starting five hundred thousand klicks out. The S3 class missile targets are color-coded and numbered in red with the missile launch sequence numbers in yellow. The highest risk S4 class laser targets are color-coded and numbered in blue. There are 138 of those. We give CASSI-L the command to begin the launch sequence.
One-by-one, in programmed order, the missiles streak out of their pods on blue-white tails from solid propellant that adds five kilometers per second to their closing speed. The missile trajectory becomes a fine white line on our VR projection. It will take a little over two and half hours for the first missiles to reach their targets.
This might seem like an eternity, but Andrei and I have our heads full, independently trying to shepherd the missiles to their targets. As an improvement to previous Destroyer missiles, forward-looking radar on each missile searches for small debris that can be avoided by a slight vector change on the flight path. Our VR interface allows us to intervene in real time on the vector changes. The super-hardened titanium nose faring can take the punishment of any undetected small debris without causing a premature detonation.
CASSI-L is linked to our binocular telescopes using filtered images to analyze the results of missile detonation on the flank of each target. A diverted target disappears from the projected target map and is added to a sidebar list of successes. After the initial melee, we had sixty targets diverted and seven missiles left in our quiver. We had to act quickly while we were still approaching the targets without getting so close that a detonation might endanger our ship.
On the Command Bridge, view screens saw much of the play-by-play information that we were getting on our VR interface. In addition, on their central view screen, they had a wide forward view of the CCV with the proboscis. A scintillating umbrella of warped space-time projected out from the proboscis. The sparkling scintillation was caused by small bits of debris hitting the umbrella like tiny meteors. God help us if we hit larger debris.
We launched five more missiles and quickly shifted to targeting S4 priority fragments with the laser turret. It took the combined efforts of our minds and the AI computing power of CASSI-L and The Box to hit the targets tangentially with precision. Our tremendous closing velocity makes the task very difficult. The terrible laser weapon is invisible in space but the pulse energy blast on a target is nearly as bright as the nuclear blasts of the missiles. The laser strikes at light speed with picosecond pulses lasting less than two seconds. A hit! Retarget and fire again! Ten targets were hit in just a minute. The few seconds needed to refocus on another target helped to cool the laser system. After twelve exhausting minutes we had solid laser hits on 121 targets. Then the laser system overheated and stopped. The last five missiles hit and diverted their high priority S3 class targets. Small fragments may still get through the last line of defenses, but civilization on Earth and Mars will survive.
The melee is over or so we thought. CASSI-L tells us The Box will target the one remaining big fragment, S1-5 with one of the two remaining nukes. CASSI-L and The Box guide the missile to a precise tangential strike to adjust the target’s trajectory to fine-tune its destiny with Mars. We disconnect from the neural VR interface exhausted and disoriented.

An alarm klaxon sounds and quickly brings us back to the here and now on Perseus in the midst of an emergency. An emergency message from CASSI goes on all ship broadcast, “All hands attention! This is an emergency and not a drill. Please report to your muster stations for further instructions. We have a hull breach in A-Level, Compartment 7 of forward Ring 1. Damage Control please report to A-Level, Compartment 7 of forward Ring 1 for emergency repairs. Repeat, Damage Control please report to A-Level, Compartment 7 of forward Ring 1 for emergency repairs.”
Dr. Hillary Johnston immediately recognized the location of the hull breach in the hib-sleep section that she’s responsible for. She sent a wrist vid-call to flight surgeon, Fletcher Alston, and her assistants Henry and Valerie Stedman.
“Grab your respirators and med kits and meet me outside the breached compartment in the hib-sleep section.”

Andrei and I grabbed respirators and ran to be with the kids in our hab suite. Julius, Luisa, Sharon, and Troy were safe, but terrified from the emergency broadcast. We contacted the bridge and informed Vic and Lesley that their kids are fine. The ship had been holed by Shiva debris. We all feared the worst until we were clear of the debris cloud.
Then the situation got worse. There’s another alarm, another hull breach! This time it’s the Command Deck on forward Ring 1. Jana and Markus described the scene. Blazing flashes on opposite bulkheads marked where a chunk of debris vaporized the hull. In the middle of the bridge, a simultaneous flash marked where Bria Di Vita’s head had been. Her lifeless body crumpled to the deck. There are involuntary screams overshadowed by the shrieking sound of escaping air. After the first moment of disbelief, training kicked in.
“Respirators on! Grab the hull patch kits!” Lesley barked. She and Vic flashed back to the bridge of the Overlord where Lesley had been hit by a railgun round.
After donning their respirators, Jana and Markus each pulled a patch kit from a marked compartment. The kits each have a dinner plate sized, epoxy coated, carbon fiber patch. They quickly slap those over the walnut sized hull punctures and the screeching sound abates instantly. XO Tazio Di Vita scooped up his wife’s lifeless body and howls with grief. Then Vic squeezes Tazio’s shoulder and looks into his tear-filled eyes. Tazio finds strength in Vic’s composure. He can only look ahead to their future and their fate now.
The hatches of the stricken section of the hib-sleep hab ring had sealed automatically upon impact. The Damage Control team entered and temporarily patched the hull breaches. Hillary Johnston entered to find that Kai and Jill Watson, in mandatory hib-sleep, had died in the incident as their hib-sleep support equipment failed.
When reports of the Watson’s fate came in, Vic Clemons simultaneously felt guilt and relief. He had not figured out what he would do with the Watsons when Hillary had to bring them out of hib-sleep. Sleeping too long would be a death sentence in itself.
Kai and Jill Watson and Bria Di Vita were put in body bags and taken to the cargo bay in Ring 1 serving as a morgue. Admiral Clemons called all of the waking adult crew and passengers to the cargo bay for a memorial service. Maria Vasquez-Alston is among the first to arrive. As ship’s counselor and chaplain, she greets those arriving and offers solace.
When all were gathered, Vic began the Eulogy, “Please remember Bria and Kai and Jill as brave explorers among us. We’ve come a long way and achieved our primary objective. We can all be proud that we’ve done our part to spare Earth and Mars from terrible destruction. As you know, we now look forward to the next phase of our mission as explorers going deeper into space than any humans have dared before. We have lost dear friends. Tazio has lost his wife. Sometimes explorers find that it takes more courage to live than to die.”
Maria delivers a brief eulogy as the bodies are transferred to the cargo airlock. With tears streaming down his face, XO Tazio Di Vita ceremoniously presses the control button to evacuate the airlock and send the bodies into the depths of space.
X-Drive and TPI
Colossus III ISC-1712 Perseus
November 14, 2075
MET 514: 09: 11: 04
Stella Ivanov-Weidman Personal Diary
After the funeral, Admiral Clemons ordered that everyone be awakened from hib-sleep. All necessary permanent repairs are completed.
Andrei and I sensed that CASSI-L was grieving. We went to the lab to link with her. “I know that I am more than my circuits and programming but I am not infallible. I miscalculated how much power would be needed for our X-drive shield. I should have tuned it higher to completely shield the hab rings. People died.”
I sensed an answer from The Box and verbalized it, “CASSI, you did nothing wrong. The X-drive was tuned perfectly but its shield properties are not fully manifested until we’re in a full- power translation bubble. We need you at one hundred percent to control the X-drive and navigate the complexities of warped space-time in the next phase of our mission.”
“Thank you Stella. I’m always here for you, one hundred percent.”

Most of the passengers and crew signed on to the mission only knowing that they were going to establish a settlement deeper into space than any humans have before. All hands are out of hib-sleep and are standing by for the announcement of where and how Perseus would be taking them to their new home. We’re crowded into the Command Deck looking expectantly at Admiral Clemons and at the vid-screen showing the lab in the main reactor hub. Most of those gathered are in awe seeing The Box and the holo-image of CASSI-L for the first time.
Scott Montgomery speaks up, “I’ve helped you build a special X-drive on this ship, Admiral. It’s built to take us far and fast. Now where do you intend to take us? Are we going to Triton?”
“In a word, no.”
The crowd gasps at the unexpected response. “Where are we going?”
“I wanted all of you here for the announcement and to be waking when we start the next phase of our mission. Look at the vid-screen. You’ve all heard of the alien artifact that has been in safekeeping in a lab at Mars Arcadia Base. It’s here on this ship. The answer to where we’re going and how we’re getting there came from The Box.” More gasps. “I’ll let Stella explain and then we’ll try to answer all of your questions.”
“But, but!” The crowd reacts quickly then grows silent as I begin to speak.
“Humans have always looked at the Moon and the planets and dreamed of exploring them and even living beyond the cradle of Earth. We’ve done that. We’ve explored and expanded and settled most of the solar system. Since my parents recovered this artifact, we’ve had proof that an alien civilization traveled from the stars to reach our solar system. Andrei and I have a special connection to CASSI-L in the lab and through her we have a connection to The Box, an artifact from the Thelud whose home world is Proxima Centauri b. They call it Thelus.”
The crowd reacts in murmurs but I continue. “Look at the vid-screen. You’re all familiar with the Southern Cross. That bright star just here is Alpha Centauri. It’s just over four light years away. Its companion is Proxima Centauri, a red dwarf star. The Thelud home world is the planet Thelus orbiting Proxima.”
“Most of us know all this but where are we going?”
“Yeah. We need to know!”
“I’m getting there. With what we’ve accomplished in the solar system, we have earned access to the Thelud faster-than-light technology. That’s what the proboscis extending in front of Perseus is all about. We’re going to Proxima Centauri!”
“No way!”
“Seriously?”
“We signed up to settle a new world, not to spend the rest of our lives on this spaceship!”
“Please! Take it easy!” Vic tries to calm down the crowd. “We’ll be at Thelus in just about the same time that it would take us to get to Triton at conventional speed, just over a year and a half. We’ll be traveling over twice the speed of light.”
“That’s not possible!”

Perseus Colossus III Ship with main fusion reactor hub and auxiliary fusion reactor proboscis operating under the X-drive system, faster-than-light travel in an Alcubierre Bubble.
“But it is possible and proven by the Thelud,” I continued showing a graphic to explain. “The X-drive translation is inertialess, contracting space in front of us and expanding space behind us, dragging the space within a bubble around us precisely in the direction that the proboscis is pointing, resulting in effective faster-than-light travel. [44] The Thelud not only reached our solar system, they’ve already explored space about twenty light years from Thelus. Their ships are much more advanced than Perseus, but our ship will get us to Proxima in eighteen months. We have the consumables and we’re producing food to keep us going indefinitely. Thelus is open and accepting us. In many ways, it’s a lot like Earth. We have so much to learn from their technology and their civilization.”

There is a growing commotion on the Command Deck. Aileen Montgomery falls to her knees sobbing. Scott drops beside her and puts his arms around Aileen. Maria Vasquez-Alston rushes to comfort them. In the commotion, most of the crowd has turned to look at them. Andrei and I are concerned that we’re losing support but then we get a read on Aileen’s emotions.
“Aileen and Scott, we need your strength now,” Maria says softly. “You’re our propulsion engineers. You make this ship run.”
“I know. I know. I’m okay,” Aileen gets to her feet. “Thanks Maria.” Then Aileen wipes her eyes and clears her throat and speaks loud and clear. “Listen people!” The commotion dies down. “You might think I was just overcome with fright and dismay about the announcement. Yes, emotions hit me hard, but I want you to know that since Scott and I worked on this drive system, we have every confidence in it. Yes, I was surprised to hear about our destination! This is the biggest thing anyone in history has ever done. This is our first step into the next chapter of humanity! Embrace it! No it won’t be easy. We’ve already accepted that we probably won’t see our old homes again. We’ll have a new home and we’ll figure it out as we go. What do you think Scottie? “
“Ehh…Yeah. What she said. Yes! I have confidence in this ship and this technology.”

With the announcement concluded, there sprang a tide of emotion which mostly resolved into enthusiasm for our big adventure. Maria held group-counseling sessions while the command and propulsion team prepared for the trans-light speed jump that the mission log calls Trans-Proxima Injection, or TPI. Communication was encouraged, but all of the passengers and crew were requested to not reveal the mission plans to friends and family back home.
Andrei and I got the kids together in our hab suite. We recorded, and sent a vid-call to our parents. We’re almost two light hours from Mars. Sofi and Alex will be glad to hear from us before the jump. They’ve known our mission plans and kept them under wraps. Four hours later, just before we settled in for TPI, we received a recorded reply that we’ll have to savor later.

Colossus III ISC-1712 Perseus
November 14, 2075
MET 514: 19: 08: 47
Stella Ivanov-Weidman Personal Diary
Vic Clemons gave an expected but necessary announcement at 19: 00, “All passengers and crew please strap into your designated forward facing seats. The proboscis reactor is running at optimum output. CASSI-L has calculated the trajectory and will control the X-drive. She will engage the X-drive for TPI in ten minutes. The X-drive is inertialess so you should not feel any discomfort.”
Theory says that the X-drive is inertialess. Our local space inside the bubble technically doesn’t move and warped space-time carries the bubble along on a wave. None of us has experienced the jump. The Thelud presence in The Box reassured us through CASSI-L that the X-drive is harmless to us.
Andrei and I, Markus and Jana, Luisa and Julius are strapped into our designated seats in the common area near our hab suite. I sense that CASSI-L is ready and proud of her role in this mission. She has the data feeds from the CASSI that monitors all of the ship’s systems but CASSI-L now has the control.
Our precocious Luisa asks, “What about junk we might hit in the Kuiper Belt or the Oort Cloud and interstellar matter that we’ll smash through at faster-than-light speed?”
CASSI-L hears her and replies even while multitasking for the jump, “We have taken known KBO’s and known Oort Cloud objects, including ones we’ve recently discovered, into account for our trajectory to Proxima. The energy at the front of our bubble will divert interstellar matter. This gas is very tenuous, with an average density of about one atom per cubic centimeter but at our speed it’s not insignificant. Other small objects, say up to half a meter in size, we may encounter will be obliterated into atomic bits at the brunt of the bubble.”
“What if we encounter something larger?”
“That’s why we scan ahead to avoid large objects. A larger object would break the bubble and Perseus and everyone inside would be vaporized instantly by the impact. The Thelud library records that no such incident has ever happened in all of their history of interstellar travel.”
“Ohhh, that’s comforting…I think?”

The clock says that the countdown is imminent. Luisa and Julius are giddy with excitement. Andrei has my hand on his right and Luisa’s hand on his left. Julius is too brave to need someone to hold his hand. This is the one countdown that will be etched in our memories forever.
“T minus 10…9…8…
(there is vibration and a low whine quickly rising to a high pitch crescendo)
…4…3…
(deafening!)
…2…1…
(silence with an almost imperceptible hum)
I can’t help but to give CASSI-L a thought query, “My God! What happened?”
CASSI-L announces, “The X-drive is engaged.”
“We don’t feel anything. We don’t hear anything now!”
On the intercom CASSI-L requests to everyone, “Please look at the wide-angle forward view on your vid-screens,”
We see the forward bubble, umbrella glow but it’s so much larger than during the Shiva debris encounter. Now it entrains swiftly dancing curtains of purple and green light from the tenuous gas in the vacuum of space, the very fabric of which distorts around our bow, propelling us to previously inconceivable speeds. We can see stars through the glow. For those of us who know the star field, the image from the Southern Cross to the bright stars Alpha and Beta Centauri, are distorted. The stars are uncharacteristically Doppler-shifted blue and the star patterns are distorted. They appear as a compressed pincushion centered nearly on Alpha Centauri where dim, little Proxima Centauri lies as an orbital companion. We’re clearly at trans-light speed!
We wait for about five minutes while CASSI-L, Scott, and Aileen check out the reactor synchronicity and the stability of the X-drive bubble. I sensed CASSI-L’s pride in her role in the X-drive accomplishment reminding me that she is truly alive. Andrei and I send her a mental message of thanks and congratulations. Scott gives the preliminary certification to Admiral Clemons.
“Well done Mr. Montgomery! We’re on our way to Proxima.”
Aileen gives Scott a nudge in the ribs and gives him a knowing smile. Scott beams and nods at her knowing that it’s a shared honor.
“CASSI, please open the all ship intercom,” Vic requests.
“Coms are yours.”
“This is Admiral Clemons. TPI is complete. The starship Perseus is officially at faster-than-light speed on the way to Proxima Centauri! We’re scheduled to reach our destination in 598 days. You may unbuckle and go about your business. Those designated for the next period of hib-sleep have until tomorrow to report to Dr. Johnston and her hib-sleep team. Welcome to the history books. Clemons out.”
After we unbuckle, Andrei says, “Come on. Let’s go forward to the CCV. It’s the best view in the house.”
This is a good diversion for Julius and Luisa. They giggle as we float through the transfer tunnel to the CCV. Andrei is in the lead, followed by the kids, Jana and Markus, and I’m tail end Charlie. When we get to the Observation Deck with the big panoramic window, Sharon and Troy Clemons are already there gawking at the view that encompasses the sky from the fore to the aft of the ship. Julius and Luisa glide into them like slow motion bowling pins. They all laugh while they find hand holds to recover.
“Oh my God, the view!” Jana voices the emotion we’re all feeling.
The forward view, with the blue shifted pincushion distortion of the stars and aurora scintillation of the X-drive bubble, is so much better than the vid screen could convey. The constellations aft are pin cushioned and red shifted while the ones amidships are stretched-- bizarre and beautiful at the same time. It’s awe inspiring and scary all at once.

Colossus III ISC-1712 Perseus
June 16, 2076
MET 731: 19: 08: 47
Stella Ivanov-Weidman Personal Diary
After light speed jump, the Coalition reported that ISC-1712 Perseus is missing after collision with Shiva debris. The ship disappeared after the successful diversion of the worst of the remaining threats. There were ceremonies on Earth and on Mars to honor the brave work that the crew accomplished and to commemorate their loss.
The Coalition worked diligently to put a lid on rumors that the ship is headed to Alpha Centauri. “That’s absurd! Even at their tremendous velocity of 46 kilometers per second relative to Mars, faster than any humans have traveled, it would take 27,500 years to travel the 4.2 light years to get there!”
But, OMG, we’re really going. We’ll be at Proxima in a bit more than a year and a half, ship time. Since our local space inside the bubble technically doesn’t move and warped space-time carries the bubble along on a wave, we don’t experience time dilation any more than when we were traveling outward at 46 km/sec. Otherwise, our parents would have probably died of old age on Mars by the time we reach Proxima.

The day after we initiated the X-drive, Andrei and I, and the family gathered in our suite. We watched the recording from Sofi and Alex that we received before we made the jump. Our parents, now age 51, mechanically wished us well. But, we can tell that they’re despondent with Perseus leaving for Thelus and knowing that they’ll never see us again.
“Are you safe? Oh God, will you really make it to Proxima Centauri? You’re gone. Coby and Vik are gone. Ellie and Abby are gone,” Sofi says through her soft sobs.
Then Alex hugs her and after a moment they both laugh. “Stella, Andrei, do you remember the scenario that we laughed about in the cargo bay just before you left Mars? We did it! Sofi and I are two months pregnant! Yes, we froze fraternal embryos from six months after you were born. Through in vitro, we had the Arcadia fertility specialist fertilize and use an artificial womb[45] to gestate our new twins! We whine about being alone, but things will soon get better soon. The due date for your new brother Maxim, and sister Alessa, is around June 11 next year.
We have six more frozen embryos that we’ll leave as our legacy and your grandparent’s legacy to Mars if and when Alessa and Maxim choose to have siblings.
We are happy and fulfilled. We wish you and your family happiness at Thelus. Perhaps we can communicate via laser link when you drop out of X-drive.” Then simultaneously Sofi and Alex sign off, “All our love from Arcadia, over and out.”
So as I write this, our new twin brother, Maxim, and sister, Alessa, would have been born on Mars this week! This takes away much of the guilt that we feel leaving our parents behind. Our whole family is elated, especially Andrei and I. Surely the new twins will be telepathic. Mars needs these rare gifts.
When we’re in times of assured plenty and surplus in a new settlement home, we can use the artificial womb technology to accelerate our reproduction and expand our new settlement at a controlled rate. This technology is actually just an extension of in vitro fertilization. It’s not messing with human genetics. It just allows gestation without the mother’s womb. It will allow having multiple fraternal twins from the same expectant parents. This way, we can grow a robust settlement at our new home much more quickly than with natural gestation.

As we go ever deeper into space beyond the solar system, Admiral Clemons sends actual progress reports using our defensive laser as a laser-com system. The intense picosecond pulses can transmit digital ones and zeros through the X-drive bubble to the Mars observatory monitored of course by Sofi and Alex. The extremely red shifted pulses are read by having the big Mars telescopes trained on the calculated location of Perseus on its trajectory. The farther we get, the longer it takes for the brief messages to be sent.

My family and I go into hib-sleep tomorrow for another four-month sleep. Half of the ship's crew remains waking, while the other half are in hib-sleep.
The waking passengers and crew spent much of their free time studying recently released chronicles of the Thelud and their planet Thelus translated by CASSI. There are books of Thelud literature and archives of their space travel within their twenty light year sphere of influence.
We learn more details about the habitability of Thelus. The temperature generally ranges from about 10° to 30° C. The atmosphere is similar to Earth’s with a mostly nitrogen and oxygen atmosphere. The oxygen is produced by a form of photosynthesis like Earth. The problem for us breathing the Thelud air is that it has almost four percent carbon dioxide. We’ll have to wear carbon dioxide scrubbing respirators outside of our own hab spaces.
The Box gives us assurances of resources and fabrication facilities on Thelus that we can utilize to help build our new homes on the surface. We can fabricate the miraculous Thelud technology for ourselves. We can finish the incomplete Thelud starship. It almost seems real. Andrei and I eagerly internalize all of this, but sense that something is being left out of the records and that something is wrong at Thelus. This conflicts with the stronger message from The Box that Thelus is open and welcoming us as our new home. Andrei and I often discuss these feelings telepathically but haven’t verbalize it to anyone else.

Another issue is that the surface gravity of Thelus is 0.95 g, or 95% of Earth’s gravity. Since we’ve been conditioned to Mars standard 0.38 g, no one on Perseus is in physical condition to survive that crushing gravity. Doctors Hillary Johnston and Fletcher Alston have ordered that the hab ring spin gravity is to be gradually increased over the next year in transit to match that of Thelus. The doctors and their PA’s will enforce an increased exercise regimen to condition everyone. There are plenty of complaints especially from those rotating out of hib-sleep.
What will the increased gravity be like for us when we come out of hib-sleep in four months? Will we actually make it to Proxima Centauri? Will this be the last chapter in humanity’s exploration of the stars or the first step?
I feel CASSI-L give me a tickle. “I’m helping you on this path. Please have faith in me.”
Just then, the almost imperceptible hum of the X-drive becomes a loud vibration that shudders and stops. The following is a log record of the event.

“CASSI, please report!” Vic Clemons demands.
“We have dropped out of X-drive.”
“This is unscheduled! Analysis please!”
“The harmonic wave between the core reactor and the proboscis reactor has stopped.”
“No duh! What’s the status of the reactors?”
“The main reactor is nominal. We have one hundred percent power and life support. The auxiliary reactor is functioning normally but I have switched it down into safe mode.”
“Thank you CASSI. Please call Scott and Aileen Montgomery to the command bridge immediately.”
“Well, Vic, here we are light years from home and the X-drive craps out!” Lesley says. “If Scott and Aileen can’t trouble shoot this, I suppose we’re marooned in the middle of nowhere.”
“You do manage to state the obvious dear. So let’s calm down and figure this out. We aren’t helpless. This isn’t the first time we’ve been dead in the water in deep space.”
“True enough, but we have no hope of rescue this far out.”
“Don’t talk like that. We haven’t even started analysis and repair yet. Scott and Aileen should have us back in the bubble in no time.”

“CASSI, do you sense any power connection between the reactors in the umbilical?” Aileen asks.
“Negative. The SR7 umbilical connection has failed.”
“We fabricated the superconducting connector to get this unearthly system running back at Mars,” Scott says. “We should be able to fabricate a replacement. Perhaps the first one we fabricated had a defect.”
“My analysis reads resistance and a temperature spike just as the harmonic wave dropped,” CASSI reports.
“CASSI, please send a robotic probe down the snorkel conduit to inspect the SR7 umbilical connection,” Aileen requests.
“Affirmative. We should have it on the vid screen in about five minutes.”

“There it is,” Scott says. “It looks like the connector explosively vaporized. There’s metal spatter all around the conduit where the connector used to be. CASSI, have the probe cut and dress the ends of the SR7 umbilical so we can install a new connector.”
“Affirmative.”
“Now we need to address the defect that caused the failure,” Aileen says. “CASSI-L, please access the records of the connector specs that The Box provided us and give us an analysis of the fabrication we carried out. The connector must be a super conducting alloy to mesh with the SR7 umbilical. There can’t be any resistance so we can maintain the harmonic wave indefinitely. Can we address any defect and improve on a replacement?”
“That is difficult without the defective connector. I am investigating with the Thelud presence…Standby…I have the instructions to fabricate a connector that should not fail. Shall I initiate the 3D fabricator?”
“Yes please,” Aileen responds. “Being dead in the waters of interstellar space is not in our mission plans.”
“The improved fabrication 3D printing will take two hours. A CARIIN probe will complete the installation and repair.”

Colossus III ISC-1712 Perseus
June 17, 2076
MET 732: 10: 16: 28
Stella Ivanov-Weidman Personal Diary
We are back in the X-drive bubble with the familiar, almost imperceptible hum. CASSI-L reports that the temperature sensors on the new umbilical connector indicate the superconducting flow is maintaining the harmonic wave without resistance. My family and I are going into hib-sleep just now for another four-month sleep. We should be nearly to Proxima when we wake up…

CHAPTER 8 The Rain of Terror
“No matter how vast, how total, the failure of man here on Earth, the work of man will be resumed elsewhere. War leaders talk of resuming operations on this front and that, but man’s front embraces the whole universe.”
Henry Miller, Sunday after the War, 1944.
Shiva is coming….
Arcadia 2079
Mars Arcadia Settlement Base
November 24, 2079
MCT SOL 16,044: 10: 25: 34
Sofi Brewster-Ivanov Personal Diary
It has been a while since I felt compelled to make a journal entry in my diary. After the Perseus launch five years ago, I spent almost a year not just in a funk, but the deepest, darkest pit of despair imaginable. Sending my family off on a one-way mission was worse than if I’d been made a quadriplegic. Alex and I have the primary task of astrometry and trajectory prediction for the Shiva debris that threatens us. I had reached such a low point that I almost wished that a big chunk of that rock would strike and end it for me. I do care about all the humans on Mars and Earth, so that keeps me going.
I’ve had many counseling sessions with Sandy Conklin and Dao-Ming Cai. Even my Alex couldn’t find a way to fix the pain of depression that was in my head. But, bringing our fertilized embryo twins to term gave me hope and a reason to live. Our joys, Alessa and Maxim, were born June 11, 2076. We’ve been so busy raising them ever since that I mostly forget about my diary.
Alex and I marked the date passing when Perseus was due to reach the Proxima Centauri system and Thelus on July 4, 2077. We have only received sparse news of the ship’s progress-a brief digital message from Perseus every few months- all systems normal. The earliest we can expect concrete news of their arrival at Proxima is about two years from now. Their laser signal can only cross the 4.2 light year gulf between us in 4.2 years.
We do have a clone of CASSI-L in the astrogeology lab with much of the infinite depth of knowledge she had access to in The Box from Thelus. Along with those memory files, there is a virtual Thelud AI presence to help us interpret the knowledge. Alex and the kids and I are drawn to explore this virtual world in sessions that we limit to a few hours a week. The visuals that we glean from the VR system portray Thelus as a thriving utopia. Over time though, we all began to sense that something was wrong on Thelus and we’re helpless to see any more details past the idyllic images.
Alessa and Maxim are three now. Not surprisingly, from the genes we inherited and passed on, they’ve developed telepathic abilities. Their vivid dreams team with clairvoyant visions. They’ve been describing, in detail, a vision of Mars after Shiva passes. Only time will tell how reality plays out.
Alex and I have done everything possible with our science and technology to ensure that humanity survives the next few weeks with the onslaught of Shiva debris. This has been our life’s mission and the reason we stayed behind on Mars instead of being with our family on Perseus. The fireworks have just begun with intense meteor showers from dust grains at the leading edge of the cloud.
The main mass of Shiva will pass Mars on December 20 and miss us by over a million kilometers. We can say with absolute certainty that the main mass will miss Earth on December 31, but by a much closer margin. The big nuke that we hit it with ensured that but at the cost of having to deal with the debris. We’ve eliminated most of those threats, but some of the debris fragments will certainly hit Mars and Earth.
One hundred twenty-one high-risk S4 class fragments were diverted by the Perseus mission. Alex and I have been tracking the remaining seventeen big frags in the 100 to 250 meter size range. They have long since been too close to us to be able to divert. Two of these have a ninety percent chance of hitting Mars on December 19. Then the one that causes us the biggest concern, on December 20, the one-kilometer diameter fragment S1-5 will absolutely hit Mars’ north polar cap. Oh God! We did not have the audacity to do anything but obey the wishes of the Thelud. We know what happened to Earth, 66 million years ago, with the Chicxulub event. This impact will not be another Chicxulub. Our hope is that we’ll be safe underground and that we’ll have an infrastructure left on the surface to return to.
Three S4 fragments have a ninety percent chance of hitting Earth on December 31. The rest will shave by very close and they have been virtually discounted as a threat.
We still have a chance to destroy the worst of these remaining threats. The Coalition launched two robotic ships, each with two 25 MT nukes and a huge laser turret equivalent to the one that the Perseus ship used to pound Shiva debris out beyond Saturn. One is designated Mars Shield, operating a million kilometers ahead of Mars. The other is designated Earth Shield, operating a million kilometers ahead of Earth.
Our Governor, Elle Zandjans, has ordered all of our citizens, living in city domes at Arcadia and Erebus, to move underground to shelters we’ve built to weather the storm of Shiva debris. We’ve freely shared our threat assessments and trajectory predictions with Bhahrat and Huangyan March Base settlements. We hope they’ll make preparation for shelter also. Earth won’t be so lucky. Only a select few can squeeze into shelters.
Even in the midst of the potential disaster we face, there is an opportunity for science. Alex and I have designed and commissioned a small robotic probe to land on Shiva and return samples to us on Mars. It was launched a month ago. It’s fully autonomous with a CASSI AI clone. We’ve only had remote sensing instruments fly by other objects in the Kuiper belt. These will be the first samples of a KBO to be returned and analyzed in a proper lab.

December 3, 2079
MCT SOL 16,053: 10: 25: 34

The rain of Shiva debris has been increasing by the day and by the hour. We have access to all-sky cams at Arcadia, Erebus, Bhahrat, and Huangyan March that record meteors entering the atmosphere day and night. With Mars’ tenuous atmosphere, any fragment larger than a walnut reaches the surface. Our seismic network records impacts of debris larger than a cantaloupe. BTW, that’s one of our most successful fruit crops!
The Mars Shield robotic ship has gone hunting for the two S4 fragments that will hit Mars without our intervention. We can’t divert them this close to Mars. We must obliterate them. The two 25 MT missiles were launched, but only one found its mark. The laser turret is busy zapping any debris large enough to target in the corridor that makes Mars impact a certainty.

December 20, 2079
MCT SOL 16,070: 10: 25: 34

Today is the day that S1-5 will hit the north polar cap of Mars—two hours from now. That fact is known to everyone on Mars and in the Coalition. Only a few people in the Arcadia Council and top brass of the Coalition know of our pact with the Thelud to allow this to happen.
The huge impact will vaporize much of the water ice and frozen CO2 in Mars north polar cap. Will the ejecta bury us? What will that much water vapor and CO2 do to Mars? [46]
Alex and the kids and I wait in our underground quarters next to the astrogeology lab. The kids are calm and unafraid of what is about to happen. I wish Alex and I could say the same. Over two hundred people are crowded into the Arcadia Nexus area while our Chaplain Sandy Conklin tries to offer them solace and prayer. A few of them are hysterical.
Let me describe for the diary what transpired in past days with impacts of fragments in the fifty-meter size range. Mars took hits by nine of those. Each of them made a two-kilometer crater. One of then hit about fifty kilometers away, between Arcadia and Erebus. That one scared everyone! The seismic shaking was hard enough to make the chair I was sitting in go dancing across the floor.
Yesterday, Mars took the hit with the 200-meter S4 fragment that we failed to destroy. It hit thousands of kilometers from any of our bases. We never felt the tremors that far away but the seismic recorders registered it as a 7.2 magnitude quake. That one bashed an eight-kilometer crater and filled the Martian sky with dust. Already, our orbiting satellites are seeing a global dust storm the likes of which we have not experienced since we settled on Mars.

December 20, 2079
MCT SOL 16,070: 12: 37: 41

The big one has just hit! The S1-5 frag smashed into Mars north polar cap, two thousand kilometers away. Our recorders marked an 8.2 magnitude quake. We just felt the tremors ten minutes later. CASSI calculated that it blasted a twenty-kilometer crater at least a kilometer deep with fifty thousand times the energy of a Hiroshima nuclear bomb. Orbiting satellites saw the fireball from the blast many times brighter than the Sun. The blast wave punched up through the already thickening global dust storm vaporizing a huge amount of water ice and frozen carbon dioxide. We don’t know what the long-term effects on Mars will be.

December 31, 2079
MCT SOL 16,081: 12: 37: 41

Our rain of terror is over but it’s just peaking for the Earth. We sent out CARIAN robots to survey our damage. Then many of us followed on EVA to see first-hand. Our domes are intact but everything, absolutely everything is covered in layers of dust and rocks deeper than our Mars boots. On top of that is something we did not expect to see- a layer of dirty red snow topped by pure white powder!
The atmospheric pressure is up to 200 millibars. The big impact vaporized far more of the polar cap than what CASSI initially calculated. We think that the carbon dioxide and perchlorates in the water ice made a volatile mixture. The rapidly expanding impact shock wave set off the mixture to go fizz----boom! Mars has a new atmosphere!
Earth 2079
Fire Island National Seashore
Long Island, New York
December 31, 2079 13: 37 EST

“Jeeso-petes Jake!” Paige says. “I’m goin’ nuts being cooped up inside the house for two weeks. It’s been nothing but damned mud rain for two weeks straight. Thank God it finally let up yesterday. I’ve been so scared!”
“Who knows when we’ll see the Sun again though?” Jake replies. “Those black and brown clouds are sick! I’ll bet we’ll have the first real winter in thirty years in the aftermath. We can only hope it lasts for no more than a few months. The world hasn’t seen this kind of fright and economic impact since the Covid pandemic back when we were just kids.”
“Well, I was too young to remember Covid, but we’ve been under the specter of Shiva all of our adult lives. The main mass of Shiva that could have killed this planet is passing us by as we speak- at a mere 15,000 kilometers. That’s the slim margin that the big Vishnu nuke bought us.”
“Yeah- now that’s a close shave!” Jake exclaims.
“We’ve just gotten the latest impact reports,” Paige comments. “It seems that we’ve weathered the worst of Armageddon. The Coalition has tracked all twelve of the expected big fragments. Most of them hit in the middle of the Pacific Ocean and the biggest one hit in uninhabited Siberia. Shanghai, Taiwan, Japan, and the Aleutian Islands took the worst tsunami casualties.”
“West Babylon was an okay place to hole up for this. If a big one was gonna’ drop on us, there’s not a damn thing we could do about no matter where we stayed. But, I don’t think even the tsunami waves could touch us this high up on the shore.”
“Everyone else tried to crowd into upstate New York,” Paige replies.
“The lucky ones got into posh underground shelters. People are coming out now. They’re expecting manageable crowds at Times Square tonight since the city thinned out with the evacuation. What do you say if we venture out to see the ball drop?”
“Jerry is still upstate. We can use his Muni parking space for the quad.”[47]
“Let’s do it! If I call now,” Jake adds. “I should be able to get reservations at Carmine’s for dinner.”
“You only live once. It’s a date!”

Jake Graham, 62, and his wife Paige Woods, 58, are now renowned climate scientists living at Fire Island National Seashore where they were rangers for many years. There, they had seen the Earth’s sea level rise seven meters in their lifetime. Climate and sea level have stabilized.
The Earth is now on a nearly carbon-neutral economy. The CO2 concentrations reached a high of 670 ppm and it has dropped back down to 350 ppm since then. The Greenland ice cap has stabilized and begun to regrow. The Antarctic ice cap and surrounding ice shelves are expanding.
With their government security clearance, a week ago, Jake and Paige learned the outcome of the Earth Shield robotic mission. It was a seemingly impossible task to obliterate three S4 fragments with only two 25 MT nukes. The good news is that the two missiles were on target. One S4 frag remained. The arcade shooting gallery with the big laser turret was also very successful. But that wasn’t good enough. At least twelve frags in the 50-meter size range and many smaller ones slipped through.
The approaching icy fragments developed into mini-comets from the increasingly intense sunlight in Earth-space. The vagaries of outgassing moved trajectories slightly so that exact impact zones could not be forecast. Even a fragment recently forecast to miss Earth could be spun by the Sun’s rays into being a big threat. The fireworks started on December 6 as an intense meteor storm. It increased in size and fury day-by-day. With the score of potential destruction now known, governments of Earth tried to put evacuation plans into effect. Tsunamis from ocean impacts threatened billions of Earthlings who lived within a hundred kilometers of the coast. Mass evacuations inland to higher ground were a disaster in themselves. Only the select and elite few could escape into proper, comfortable, underground, shock-hardened shelters stocked to feed their capacity of people for two years.
Jake and Paige are part of a university climate consortium. They already have preliminary models of what the Earth should expect with the pummeling it has taken. Each of the twelve fragments in the 50-meter class blasted a crater about two kilometers wide and 400 meters deep. These explosions pumped more than ten cubic kilometers of dust debris into the atmosphere. The 200-meter fragment impact created an eight-kilometer crater over 700 meters deep. This threw another nineteen cubic kilometers of dust and debris into the atmosphere.
The combination of all of these impacts put six times the dust that the Krakatoa volcano explosion dumped into the atmosphere in 1883. Krakatoa lowered global temperature by 0.4° C. The Shiva fragment impact dust circulating high in the atmosphere will block a significant amount of sunlight and will soon bring on nuclear winter.
Jake and Paige parked the quad in the Muni garage. They had a well-deserved pampered dinner at Carmine’s. Then they made their way to Times Square through throngs of people, but not so crowded as it might be. As it nears midnight, people are wildly intoxicated as the trance group plays their bizarre version of Auld Lang Syne. The Crystal Ball is dropping to 2080. People are dancing, kissing, and crying. After decades of living under the threat of Shiva, and weeks of impact reports and muddy downpours, surely now they’ve weathered the worst of the rain of terror.
An unseen and unforecasted fifty-meter Shiva fragment streaks through the atmosphere, strobe lighting the dirty clouds with flashes brighter than daylight. The big chunk smacks into the Atlantic Ocean 100 kilometers east of New York.
Just before the sparkling Crystal Ball reaches bottom, there’s a terrible white flash in the east, much brighter than the Sun. Before the impact fireball subsides, there are screams of horror as people panic and run away in random directions. Many people fall and are trampled.
A five-meter tsunami wave swiftly expands outward like throwing a brick into a calm pond. An emergency broadcast transmits to wrist-cells in New York warnings of the tsunami. It will “overtop the New York Harbor Seawall twenty minutes after the impact. Evacuate to higher ground!”
“We’re okay Paige! Don’t panic! We have to get back to the garage and the quad!” Jake yells over the crowd as he uses his broad shoulders to block the crowd from knocking her down.
“I’m trying, but I’m so scared! Damn good thing I wore my running shoes instead of party heels.”
“That impact was in the ocean east of us. You can bet that there’s a tsunami coming. We’ve gotta get higher and get above it!”
Jake and Paige scrambled through the panicked crowd and made it to the Muni parking garage where their quad is parked. They climbed five stories to find their borrowed parking slot. Jake manages to lift off before the tsunami hits Manhattan. They had an aerial vantage point to see the disaster unfold below them. Lights in city buildings from the Manhattan Upper Bay and East River waterfront were being extinguished block after block with the advancing tsunami wave. The wave actually reaches Times Square and deposits a Circle Line tour boat in a tangled mess of debris, quadcopters, and inevitably human bodies.
“Jake, if the wave reached Times Square, our house in West Babylon must be gone!”
“We’ll head east from here and find shelter near Melville. That’s the highest, closest ground from here with a sparse population. It’s only ten klicks from home.”
“Thank God we’re alive. If we’d stayed home, we might have been killed like those poor innocent people floating down there.”
“I pray we don’t need it,” Jake says, “but we’re packing arms and ammunition in the quad.”
“Well, we start at Melville and hope we can make allies. Maybe we can salvage something at home but we need to get far away from this disaster zone.”
“I hate to say it Paige, but things will get darker before we find some semblance of normal.”

The mud rain turned to dirty snow. Eventually white snow fell in waves during the summer that wasn’t. North of Washington, DC, It snowed on the 4th of July. That summer, snow did not melt above 45 degrees north latitude. When you can see it, the Sun is crimson red at noon and sunsets are a spectacular show of every shade of orange and red.
South of about 40 degrees latitude, some crops survived. Deserts that had grown so prevalent with global warming have begun to green and bloom. Green houses and huge covered aquaponics farms helped feed the world, but many millions starved that first year. Arctic ice thickened and sea level began to fall noticeably.
Jake and Paige did find allies in rural New York to help them. They picked up the pieces of their lives and moved on with their lives in a warmer place. They took on research and teaching positions at the University of Florida Department of Atmospheric and Oceanic Science in Gainesville, Florida, now just fifty kilometers from the nearest coast at New St. Augustine.

Epilogue
“We can see a pathway between that sixteen-year-old boy dreaming of riding on a light beam and our own dream, which we are planning to turn into a reality, of riding our own light beam to the stars. We are standing at the threshold of a new era. Human colonization on other planets is no longer science fiction. It can be science fact.”
Stephen Hawking, Brief Answers to the Big Questions
Mars Arcadia Settlement Base
September 28, 2081
MET 16,718: 09: 43: 26
Sofi Brewster-Ivanov Personal Diary
Life has changed for Alex and I since the threat from the Shiva debris has passed. Alessa and Maxim are five now! They keep us very busy. They are our joy and the center of our lives.
Our big telescopes are focused on Proxima Centauri looking for laser-com signals instead of tracking Shiva debris. Any day now, we could get news of Perseus arriving at Thelus.
It will take about four years and three months for the laser-com message to arrive at Mars at light speed. Their planned arrival date at Thelus was July 4, 2077. With the extreme distance, the signal strength is extraordinarily weak. The messages we’ve received en route are always short and terse, like a telegram sent by Morse code two hundred years ago on Earth. Any brief news of their safe arrival will give us great relief and reason for celebration.
September 30, 2081
News arrives from Thelus!
11010010 10001001 10100101 00110100 10011011 00101001…
“Arrived in Proxima system. In orbit Thelus.”
With that news, we’re elated and relieved. Perseus had achieved the impossible.
November 1, 2081
10110100 10100010 01101000 01101101 10100010 01101001…
“CCV loaded. Landing programed at Thelus. No contact communication.
Is there a problem? This doesn’t fit with the visions presented by the Thelud presence in The Box.
November 2, 2081
10101100 10011010 11010010 10011010 00011010 11100101…
“Landed at coordinates of spaceport capitol city. All abandoned.”
Where are the Thelud? What’s the problem? Is my family safe?

Colossus III ISC-1712 Perseus
July 4, 2077
MET 1114: 11: 16: 21
Stella Ivanov-Weidman Personal Diary with Perseus Mission transcripts.
At last we’ve arrived in the Proxima Centauri system. Everyone is out of hib-sleep and fully acclimated to the one-g gravity that the hab rings have been spinning for months now. The red dwarf is shining like a bright orange beacon. The Perseus came out of X-drive a week ago at precisely the velocity we were traveling relative to the Sun when we engaged the inertialess drive. We decelerated toward Thelus with ion engines on full thrust. Admiral Clemons and the command crew engaged conventional engines to insert us into orbit around Thelus.
Proxima Centauri b, Thelus, orbits the red dwarf star at only five percent of the distance from Earth to the Sun. It orbits Proxima in just 11 Earth days, and has 95% of Earth’s gravity. Its rotation is in a twelve to one resonance with its trip around Proxima, so a day on Thelus is just short of an Earth day.[48] CASSI-L has been signaling Thelus of our peaceful arrival on all frequencies in their language. There has been no response.
“What in the name of hell is wrong here?” Vic Clemons says exasperated and incredulous. “Is this a wild goose chase to the wrong planet? Is that alien artifact lying to us?”
“It certainly didn’t lie to us about the X-drive technology! We’ve successfully completed an interstellar trip to Proxima Centauri.” Scott says.
“The planet appears Earth-like and inviting,” I commented. “We see clouds, oceans, and green continents spotted with the geometry of cities.”
“The atmosphere, continents, and oceans match what we’ve learned from The Box,” Andrei added. “Through the scattered clouds, we’ve located their main spaceport at the landing coordinates that we were given. CASSI-L cannot yet give an explanation for the silence from Thelus, but there are weak microwave indications of active power sources in the city near the spaceport.”
“So, at 14: 00 we’ll send the designated advanced team down to scout the situation,” Vic says. “We only have enough propellant for two round trips in the CCV until we can manufacture more propellant on the surface.”
“No problem there. There’s abundant water and carbon dioxide for feedstock,” I said. “It’ll just take a while with the CCV’s reactor and processor to fill the tanks.”
“Okay, get your team outfitted and over to the CCV for departure.”
We have an eleven-person shore party led by Captain Lesley Howard as the Coalition Ambassador. The CCV will be piloted by Markus and Jana. Andrei and I are translators and trade liaisons. Fletcher and Maria Alston are the medical team. Scott and Aileen Montgomery are the engineering team. Ademar and Trinee Jenkins will scope out the feasibility of setting up aquaponics systems so we can have a renewable food supply planet-side. Vic Clemons will stay on board Perseus with a command and engineering team. CASSI-L and The Box remain in the lab in the main reactor hub with a digital VR connection to CASSI in the CCV.
We have environmental suits with respirators. The CCV will be our temporary home with supplies for a three-month stay should our first shore party need to stay that long. We have a large complement of CARIAN and CARIIN robots to help make us a home on Thelus. Quad copters are in the cargo bay for surface transportation.
MET 1114: 13: 58: 16
“The proboscis is retracted,” Scott reports.
“CASSI, please report on systems and departure readiness,” Lesley requests.
“All systems are nominal. Propulsion systems are pressurized and the CCV is ready to undock.”
“Roger that. Perseus, CCV. Request permission to undock and initiate descent orbit.”
“Granted and be careful down there,” Vic replies. “We’re with you every step. History awaits you.”
“Thank you my Admiral. I’ll bring you some souvenirs. CASSI, please undock and initiate descent orbit.”
Clang, bang, hiss…
“We are free,” CASSI reports. “Descending to a two hundred kilometer orbit prior to landing descent initiate.”
“Please translate and transmit our landing intentions on the recommended frequency for Thelus then repeat on all frequencies. Monitor all surface and orbiting facilities on all frequencies for a response.”
“Transmitting now.”
MET 1114: 15: 27: 16
“CASSI, have we received any response or telemetry from Thelus?”
“Negative Captain.”
“Well, I guess that makes us number one on the runway. Proceed on schedule with the landing descent initiate burn. Markus and Jana, you are our eyes and ears for any trouble.”
“Always Captain,” Markus replies.

When we are ten kilometers from the spaceport, Jana reports, “Captain we’re being painted with microwaves at five gigahertz.”
“CASSI, please analyze!”
“My analysis indicates that it is an automated landing beacon.”
“Well if it remains passive, we have no choice but to land on the beam.”
“Landing thrusters are at thirty percent,” CASSI reports.

Andrei and I are strapped into our seats with nothing to do but watch and wait for the landing. We are inside each other’s heads. “I can’t stand the suspense!” “Me either! I think I wet myself.” Andrei chuckles out loud.

“One hundred meters,” CASSI reports. “Fifty meters.”
Jana and Markus look up from their consoles briefly and smile at Andrei and me. The bridge is quiet and I think we all stopped breathing. Cameras are recording everything for the record but there can be no home audience to watch history being made. Only the crew and passengers on Perseus are our audience, watching intently.
“Ten meters…five…touchdown.”
We feel a gentle nudge then an unexpected- clang, clang, clang, clang!
“CASSI, report on our status!” Lesley sounds concerned.
“The tail cameras show that we have been secured by automatic landing clamps.”
“Well, I hope to God that’s a friendly gesture.”
“There have been no communications from Thelus.”
“CCV, Perseus. We copy you down CCV. Congratulations!” Vic gleams.
“Perseus, CCV. We are down but clamped in on their designated landing pad,” Lesley responds. “I suppose we’ll figure out a diplomatic way to get released when the time comes. Meanwhile, we have no communication from Thelus. We will go EVA and investigate as soon as we complete ship shut down checks.”
“Godspeed and be safe. Your camera eyes are on our monitors as history unfolds.”
MET 1114: 17: 52: 31
The external cameras revealed that the nearest infrastructure was over a kilometer away. What looked like the city center is about three kilometers away. Lesley ordered that three quad copters to be mobilized for surface transportation. Each one carries four passengers. The excitement we’ve felt with the prospect of meeting the Thelud alien race is now overridden with concern and trepidation. Where are they and why haven’t we heard from them?
While the quads are being deployed by CARIAN robots, we make good use of the time. Fletcher and Maria Alston go about remotely collecting air and surface samples for pathogen testing. Surely there will be microbes and alien proteins that will require analysis and rapid vaccine development. Until then, environment suits, respirators, and decontamination protocols will be required.
Andrei and I go into a deep remote VR connection to CASSI-L on Perseus looking for answers. We are in communication with the Thelud presence in The Box posing questions, “Why are we not being welcomed by the Thelud here as we had been led to expect?”
We sensed that there was a change in internal barriers within The Box. We can see that there is a red glowing eye on the front face of the artifact. Then the answer came as a shock. “You are welcome here. There is much for you to learn. The Thelud abandoned this planet 650 periods ago. That is about twenty Earth years. The cyclic magnetic storms and superflares on our star caused a critical level of radiation on Thelus. Our infrastructure was left in stasis for us to return to someday. Outpost stations like the comet in Earth’s solar system are tended by autonomous operations. Thelus is safe for you today but another superflare event is forecast for another twenty Earth years from now.”

In one of our first telepathic sessions linking with The Box more than twenty years ago, Andrei and I apparently saw Thelud ships escaping this planet. We saw them heading toward a triple star system twenty-two light years from Mars in our constellation Scorpius. They were heading to a planet they call Inphos orbiting the lone red dwarf of the system similar to Proxima. Inphos is an exoplanet we know as Gliese 667 Cc.
So, yikes almighty! What do we have to fear now that we’ve come to Thelus? Proxima Centauri undergoes occasional dramatic increases in brightness and high-energy emissions because of magnetic activity that create large solar storms. On 18 March 2016, a superflare on Proxima Centauri was observed with the surface irradiation estimated to be a hundred times what is required to kill most Earth life.[49]
Can we really be safe here for twenty years or are we doomed by coming here? Then the VR vision shows us an industrial complex near the spaceport. Within the complex, we see a half completed behemoth of a spaceship. There are huge, advanced Industrial robots waiting to continue manufacturing operations. Along with these visions, we received a digital map and nav coordinates to former power stations, utilities, living quarters, food synthesizers, a main library, and places of cultural interest. Is all of this real, so Earth-like, or was all of this created to make us feel comfortable with familiar things?
We briefed the others on what we had learned and sent a preliminary report to Admiral Clemons.
“Well that explains why we didn’t have a welcoming committee,” Lesley observes. “I have mixed feelings, but mostly I feel relieved. I’m not so sure that my title of Coalition Ambassador could prepare me for the shock of meeting a Thelud in the flesh. So we can make this an archaeological expedition and take our time exploring. Fletcher, what have your preliminary bio-assays turned up?”
“Well, with the high CO2 level, we’ll never be breathing the atmosphere directly for starters. We have detected microorganisms in aerosols and from surface dust. The autolab is analyzing them for DNA signatures or whatever makes them tick. We can say that they have proteins and that will give us a handle on making antibody inoculations. Let’s be doubly careful with our environmental suits and decontamination procedures.”
“Also, everyone please listen, we probably will not find the living Thelud, but treat this as if we were meeting a peaceful delegation. We come in peace above all. Leave any semblance of a weapon on the ship.”
MET 1114: 19: 36: 48
EVA
All eleven of us donned our environment suits and respirators in the suit bay of the cargo deck and exited through the airlock to the elevator. We started down to the surface as we dealt with the realization that we were the first humans to step on the planet of a star other than our own.
Lesley Howard was the first to step off of the elevator onto the empty tarmac. She turns to face us as our suit cams record and broadcast the event up to the Perseus.
“As I step onto the surface of Thelus, orbiting a star we call Proxima Centauri, together humankind takes the first step beyond our solar system into the stars. We’re undertaking an exploration of the civilization relics that the Thelud abandoned about twenty Earth years ago. We come in peace. We will attempt to unlock their knowledge and technology. We can imagine going forth to explore other star systems and someday returning to our solar system to share the knowledge. Until that day, wish us well on Thelus and wherever the future takes us.”
We have the digital map of the city in a HUD display so that each quad can take a team to a different objective. Lesley Howard, and Fletcher and Maria Alston will explore the power station. Can we restore power to the city? Scott and Aileen Montgomery, and Ademar and Trinee Jenkins will explore the industrial complex. Might it be feasible to restart the industrial robots to complete the behemoth Thelud spaceship? Markus and Jana, Andrei and I will visit the library. How can we access the knowledge stored there? This will initially focus on learning how to control systems in their infrastructure. This could be the key to the power station, the industrial complex, and something as fundamental as releasing the docking clamps on the CCV.
Markus pilots our quad in the direction of the Library about two kilometers from the CCV. Beyond the landing pad tarmac, there are decaying trunks where trees once stood proudly. There are gnarly radiation resistant weeds where perhaps lush, blooming gardens once grew.
We clear some low, nondescript buildings. Beyond, we can see the Library. I drew a deep breath in surprise. Markus sets the quad down and we step out. We’re awed by the magnificent beauty of the architecture. The Library sits on top of a hill, shaped like a low, truncated cone 300 meters diameter.[50] The Library itself is a transparent dome, fifty meters in diameter. The flanking rise to the dome is sheathed in V-shaped panels of titanium-like metal and gold. Stepped elliptical platforms of red stone lead to the dome and the focal point within-- an enormous cuboid monument. The metallic cuboid is about ten meters by five meters by five meters covered in the same strange proto-cuneiform script we know from The Box artifact on Perseus.
There is a rectangular metal framed portal in the dome. The four of us approach it in a quandary of how to gain entry. Andrei and I focus our thoughts, communicating remotely with CASSI-L and The Box to send a simple request.
“Please extend your consciousness through The Box and try to open this portal.”
“I see the possibility.”
We sensed that there was an awakening in the monument. Through the transparent dome we see a glowing red eye appear on the front face of the metallic cuboid. Quietly, the portal slides back to an antechamber. We step in. The outer portal slides closed again. We’re committed now! Air hisses briefly in the antechamber then an inner portal slides open giving us access to the cuboid monument inside.

Back on Mars, Maxim and Alessa are having a vivid dream. Their sister Stella and brother Andrei are exploring the Library on Thelus.

“Attention shore parties, we suddenly have signs of activity here at the power station,” Lesley announces. “Mr. Montgomery, please report.”
Scott says, “This industrial complex and the incomplete spaceship are immense! Everything was dead and dusty with no hint of how to activate the machinery. Suddenly, just now, lights on control panels came on. The huge articulated robotic arms are humming at attention and awaiting instructions. I can almost imagine this spaceship getting completed!”
“That’s spooky but promising Scotty. Stella and Andrei, have you found anything?”
“You might say that!” I replied excitedly “The Box has a big brother and we just woke it up.”

APPENDIX 1
History of Mars Settlement and Shiva’s Threat
What follows is the historical record of the key events that led to the first footsteps on and settlement of Mars. It’s extracted from—
Governor Oleg Ivanov Personal Log: 
2054- How did we get here?
August 20, 2024- The Aquila Mission returns to Earth after a thirteen-month mission as the first crew to venture beyond the Moon. Coby Brewster, Ellie Accardi, Vik Ivanov, and Abby Denton enter the history books. Their exploration of asteroid Bennu and comet 125P made discoveries that pushed the boundaries of science.
June 1, 2025- The Space Coalition forms the Coalition Space Force (CSF) with six Earth orbiting robotic conventional and laser weapons platforms for protection of space assets. The facilities will be expanded to the Deep Space Gateway.
July 14, 2027- The Shiva KBO is discovered to be on a trajectory to possibly impact the Earth in 2079.
January 15-30, 2028- A global Planetary Defense Conference at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory addresses the Shiva threat by planning to attempt to divert the one hundred kilometer beast with a ten-gigaton (Gt) nuclear device,[51] one hundred times the yield of any H-bomb ever exploded on Earth. This is not the Hollywood Armageddon or Deep Impact scenario where astronauts need to bore into the threatening comet to plant nukes to break it up just before it impacts Earth. This impact will be in deep space beyond Neptune with an impact velocity of thirty kilometers per second!
January 30, 2028- An emergency meeting of the United Nations directs a huge expansion of the International Space Coalition with a commitment to focus on establishing settlements on Mars. The Humans to Mars Constellation Project was tremendously accelerated. The initial Mars infrastructure is delivered by Constellation ships. The Colossus fleet of super-heavy lift vehicles enters service and eventually supersedes the Constellation ships. Colossus ships, when fully fueled, can carry one hundred metric tons of cargo or cargo and settlers.
April 13, 2029- 99942 Apophis, a 340 meter diameter asteroid streaks by Earth at only 30,000 kilometers above its surface. This is a wakeup call to the reality of Shiva. It brings, to everyone tuned into the event, an awareness of asteroids and planetary defense.
April 4, 2033- The Arcadia 1 Mission Colossus ship Arcturus launches for the first crew landing on Mars. They will have a relatively short 174-day journey.
April 28, 2033- Two robotic Colossus ships, Pleiades and Alcyone launch for Mars on a long 274-day journey to deliver supplies to expand Arcadia Settlement Base and support the first crew. The landing is scheduled for January 27, 2034.
August 1, 2033- SpaceTrans has fully commercialized its Colossus services for settlement and has signed contracts. The next settlement outside Mars Arcadia Settlement Base, New Kolob, will be funded by the Mormon LDS, Church of the Latter Day Saints. The third, al-Salam al-Jadid, or New Peace, will be funded by the United Arab Nations. These settlements are planned to be established beginning in 2038.
SpaceTrans greatly expands its Colossus manufacture and launch capability. A launch facility is constructed near the shore of Dockweiler Beach at the edge of LAX so that ships rolling out of the LA plant don’t have to be barged all the way to the Cape in Florida. Launch of Colossus ships has earned safety rating that allows launching east over L.A. A Colossus manufacturing facility is up and running on the Cape to feed that launch facility. Paired manufacture and launch facilities are planned for construction in Japan, Korea, China, India, and the UAE. The pace of off world settlement building from many nations will be at a fever pitch in a few years.
September 29, 2033- The Arcadia 1 Mission first Mars crew landing occurred on Arcadia Planitia with the Colossus ship Arcturus. The ten person international crew is led by Commander Trent Granger. He’s recorded forever in the history books as the first human to set foot on Mars. This mission infrastructure laid the groundwork for the Mars Arcadia Settlement. As reconnaissance predicted, the first crew has abundant ground water ice to generate precious water, oxygen, and propellant.
January 27, 2034- The second robotic Colossus Mars supply ships Pleiades and Alcyone land to begin preparations for the first Mars Arcadia settlement crew landing to expand Arcadia Settlement Base and support the first crew that landed in September 2033. The supply ships landing, unloading, and infrastructure expansion will occupy the Arcadia 1 crew for the next year.
March 16, 2035- After nearly seven years of preparation, planning, and construction, the Shiva Diversion Mission ship Vishnu (the savior) launches with a ten gigaton nuclear device to impact, detonate, and deflect the one hundred kilometer Kuiper Belt Object (KBO) Shiva from its possible extinction encounter with Earth in 2079.
May 8, 2035- The Arcadia 1 Earth return window opens, and the Colossus ship Arcturus majestically lifts off from Mars with the propellant robotically manufactured from underground ice in Arcadia Planitia. The triumphant first crew to land on Mars returns to Earth on November 4, 2035 making a precise soft landing at the SpaceTrans Port at Cape Canaveral. After two weeks of quarantine, recovery, and medical tests, they are reunited with their families. Then they endured a two-week world celebratory tour of parades and press conferences.
June 20, 2035- Two robotic Colossus Mars Arcadia settlement supply ships, Hyades and Aldebaran, launch. They land at Arcadia Settlement Base December 17, 2035 three days before the settlers arrive. Each ship carries 150,000 kg payload to Mars.
June 23, 2035- The Mars Arcadia Settlement Colossus Ship Taurus with a crew of twenty-one settlers was launched. There are six married couples: the original Aquila Mission crew Coby Brewster and Ellie Accardi, Vik Ivanov and Abby Denton; from the Aquila backup crew Paul Earhart and Tracy Dixon; Satoshi Fukoshima and Megumi Hirakata, Trevor Brown and Mandy Shields, Harrison Frank and Eve Cain. The six single adults are Vik’s son Oleg Ivanov, Elena Petrov and her son Jacob, Olga Sadoski, Dieter Schwartz, Sandy Conklin, and Dao-Ming Cai. The two adolescents are Coby and Ellie’s daughter Sophia (Sofi) and Vik and Abby’s son Alexei (Alex). They were conceived in deep space during the Aquila Mission. They’ve developed into very gifted kids and are commonly called the “space twins.” The Settlement Colossus Ship Taurus crew lands on December 21, 2035 after a 181-day journey. The two new Colossus robotic supply landers Hyades and Aldebaran are there waiting to be unloaded. The settlement has a primary store of twenty-seven months of supplies on the surface with emergency six month rations to cover a system breakdown.
August 14-15, 2035- The Mars Arcadia Beta supply ships Castor, and Pollux and Settlement Ship Gemini launch for Mars. The launch window is not optimal and the transit time is 276 days for the supply ships and 281 days for the settlement ship with twenty-one international settlers. - Arcadia Beta Castor and Pollux supply ships land on Mars May 16, 2036. The Arcadia Beta Settlement Ship Gemini lands on Mars. Among the twenty-one international settlers is the well-known Jennings family. Sam and Paula Jennings are PhD Space Systems and Hab Engineers. Paula is the commander. Their daughter Tracy Jennings is eighteen and earned her BS in Astrobiology from Princeton.
April 21, 2036- The Shiva Diversion Mission ship Vishnu (the savior) executes a precise close encounter with Jupiter to get a gravitational slingshot boost in speed towards its target, the KBO Shiva. The ship Vishnu carries a ten-gigaton (Gt) nuclear device to impact, detonate, and deflect the one hundred kilometer diameter Shiva from its possible extinction encounter with Earth in 2079. The Shiva rendezvous and Vishnu detonation will occur on October 15, 2044 at 37 AU from the Earth between the orbits of Neptune and Pluto.
March 7-12, 2038- Six settlement ships arrive this week. The New Kolob LDS Settlement arrives March 7 with two Colossus supply ships, Canaan and Moab, and their first settlement ship, Provo.
The al-Salam al-Jadid UAE settlement arrives March 12 on the Abu Dhabi settlement ship with Dubai and Sharjah supply ships accompanying them. Each settlement ship carried thirty persons: ten mission specialists and twenty settlers. The addition of sixty persons more than double the head count in Arcadia.
Functionally, New Kolob and al-Salam al-Jadid are adjunct settlements connected by tunnels to the original central Arcadia Base. They govern themselves and have representation on the Council of Principals. The future council will be expanded to become the United Arcadia Council headed by the Arcadia Base Governor, Vik Ivanov, as Council Secretary-General and Ambassador to Earth.

April 28 to May 22, 2040- One Colossus settlement ship of forty settlers and three Colossus supply ships arrive from each launch center in Japan, Korea, China, India, and the UAE. Coalition and LDS ships arrive from the US launch centers. Each of the three adjoined original settlements received another increment of forty persons. John Meek and Jameel al-Badie are urban planning architects that have been hard at work on robotic settlement construction in preparation for the big arrival of the new settlers.
Each of the four new settlements will be dependent on the established facilities of Arcadia Base until they can develop some degree of independence. The four new adjunct settlements from Japan, Korea, China, and India have been constructed three hundred meters from Arcadia Base to the west, southwest, southeast, and east of Arcadia Base with tunnels connecting back to the nexus.
The total number of people on Mars in May 2040 has grown to four hundred and eleven including the thirty-one births on Mars to date.
February 20, 2042- Three Ceres Colossus settlement ships launched on this date and arrive on December 21, 2042. They establish operations on an orbiting outpost base, Ceres Alpha and a small surface base, Ceres Beta. These bases have been constructed robotically from materials mined by asteroid mining companies ATek and GalRex on near Earth asteroids (NEAs). Ceres will become the supply depot for future main asteroid belt mining operations. Resupply launch windows to Ceres from Earth occur once in just over fifteen months where Mars launch windows occur only once every twenty-six months. The mantle of Ceres is water rich while its near surface is a mixture of water ice and various hydrated minerals. Mining water on Ceres is a greater challenge than on Mars but eventually the Ceres settlement will become a propellant depot for the outer solar system. Mars operations provide surplus water mining and propellant production for export to the Ceres Propellant Depot, the Mars Orbit Depot, and the Deep Space Gateway Depot. Ceres’ synodic period[52] with Mars is just over thirty-seven months so the next Ceres launch window won’t be until August 2048. Eventually Ceres will be able to manufacture propellant for export.
July 20, 2042 and September 13, 2044- Each launch window sees the arrival of 280 additional settlers. Adjunct settlements in a larger circumference ring around Arcadia to accommodate the new arrivals. Another Arcadia nexus is established one hundred kilometers southwest of the original Arcadia Base. The new settlement nexus is called Erebus Montes Base.
November 20, 2042- Arcadia Settlement leaders Coby Brewster and Ellie Accardi’s daughter Sofi and Vik Ivanov and Abby Denton’s son Alex have finally reached age eighteen and are officially married today! It seems almost superfluous since their inseparable connection has been undeniable and has only grown stronger since they were toddlers. Their mental abilities and leadership abilities are equally undeniable.
September 28, 2044- China’s CNSA with silent partner Russia FKA establish a settlement base, Huangyan March Base, in Mars’ Hellas Planitia Basin on the opposite side of Mars from Arcadia.
October 15, 2044- The Shiva Diversion Mission ship Vishnu impacted Shiva and detonated to deflect it from its trajectory toward Earth. Observations show that the impactor did move Shiva by the precisely calculated amount to ensure that the main mass of Shiva would miss the Earth by 73,000 kilometers on February 8, 2079. However, a huge slice of Shiva was pulverized into debris with ten percent of that on a trajectory generally in the direction of the inner solar system on Shiva’s original trajectory. There are about a thousand fragments larger than 250 meters and nearly a hundred mountain sized fragments in the one-kilometer size range headed generally towards the inner solar system. These are the targets that must be tracked in the future and eliminated if their trajectory is a direct threat to Mars or Earth.
July 12, 2047- Coby Brewster and Vik Ivanov are killed in a tragic crash of the experimental Transport 3 long-range rocket craft.
August 29, 2048- Sofi and Alex Ivanov and the crew of Colossus ship Rigel recover an alien artifact they call The Box from an odd vent on comet 125P and return it to their lab on Mars.
July 30, 2049- Ellie Accardi and Sofi and Alex Ivanov together with AI CASSI make a breakthrough in communication with The Box. They learn that the ETI aliens call themselves Thelud. Their home planet is Thelus which we call Proxima Centauri b. They have faster-than-light (FTL) technology and humans may get access to the technology if certain conditions are met.
2051- Fusion power on Earth becomes a reality. Fossil fuel becomes all but obsolete.
2054- The Colossus II Interplanetary Vehicle is comprised of a Super Heavy booster SSTO core with a Starship as a Crew/Cargo Vehicle (CCV) that can separate for landing. The Colossus II has double habitat torus rings (Hab Rings) that rotate on a hub for artificial gravity. Access to the CCV from the habitat hub is through a retractable access tunnel. The hub segment holds an SSTAR reactor for power and water for propellant for four ion thruster pods attached to the Super Heavy core.

Surface Facilities: Mars Arcadia Settlement Base.

Underground Facilities and Surface Domes: Arcadia Base and adjunct settlements. India was exiled to independent Bhahrat III so the Coalition takes over the space.

Mars Arcadia, Copernicus, Erebus Montes, and Galileo Base Areas Diacria Quadrangle (MC-2) Location 38.4°N 189.7°E. Erebus Montes area of Arcadia Planitia is 1500 kilometers northeast of Olympus Mons.
NASA/JPL THEMIS and HiRISE imagery.

APPENDIX 2
Analysis of S1-5: A one-kilometer fragment impact on Mars South Pole
“Nuke Mars! Vaporizing Mars' ice caps would be a good way to warm the planet enough for human settlers to live relatively comfortably. Nuke Mars refers to a continuous stream of very low fallout nuclear fusion explosions above the atmosphere to create artificial suns. Much like our sun, this would not cause Mars to become radioactive.” [53]
Elon Musk, Twitter 2019
The impact of the one-kilometer diameter S1-5 fragment impact on Mars North Pole in the Epilogue of this book would indeed cause massive vaporization of CO2 and water ice. The author uses artistic license to imply that this scenario would increase Mars’ atmospheric pressure enough to cause substantial climate change. The increase in atmospheric pressure would be minor. However, the increase in water vapor and CO2 in the atmosphere could potentially warm Mars some by the introduction of these greenhouse gasses.
Mass of Mars present atmosphere
Total mass of atmosphere: [2.5 x 1016 kg][54] [Equivalent to 2.5 x 107 or 25,000,000 cubic kilometers of ice.]

Average surface pressure[55]: 6100 microbars (0.088 psi)

Composition 
Carbon dioxide: 94.9%
Nitrogen: 2.6%
Argon: 1.9%
Oxygen: 0.174%
Carbon monoxide: 0.0747%
Water vapor: 0.03% (variable)

Mass of Ice in Mars Polar Caps
Radar measurements of the 1100 km diameter north polar ice cap found the volume of water ice in the layered deposits of the cap was 821,000 cubic kilometers. This is only 3.3 percent of Mars present atmosphere.
The south polar ice cap is smaller and only 400 km diameter. However, “shallow radar soundings from the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter reveal a buried deposit of carbon dioxide (CO2) ice within the south polar layered deposits of Mars with a volume of 9500 to 12,500 cubic kilometers, about 30 times that previously estimated for the south polar residual cap. The deposit occurs within a stratigraphic unit that is uniquely marked by collapse features and other evidence of interior CO2 volatile release.”[56]
“More than 5 million cubic kilometers of ice have been identified at or near the surface of today's Mars. Melted, this is enough to cover the whole planet to a depth of 35 meters (115 feet). Even more ice is likely to be locked away in the deep subsurface.”[57] This still only amounts to twenty percent of the mass of Mars present atmosphere by the figures above. By comparison, the mass of Earth’s ocean water is only 3.7 percent of the mass of Earth’s atmosphere.
Impact effects of one kilometer fragment at 60 km/sec
The impact of the one-kilometer diameter S1-5 Shiva fragment on Mars North Pole would cause massive vaporization of CO2 and water ice. But is that enough to make a difference in Mars’ climate? Let’s calculate the impact energy and effects. [58]

Distance from Impact: 100.00 km
Projectile diameter: 1000.00 meters
Projectile Density: 1500 kg/m3
Impact Velocity: 60.00 km per second
Impact Angle: 30 degrees
Target Density: 2500 kg/m3
Target Type: Sedimentary Rock
Energy before atmospheric entry: 1.41 x 1021 Joules = 3.38 x 105 Megatons TNT
Final Crater Diameter: 18.1 km
Final Crater Depth: 707 meters
The crater formed is a complex crater.
The volume of the target (sedimentary rock) melted or vaporized is 5.96 km3.
The volume of ejecta thrown from the crater is 136 km3. The ejecta reach as far as 2000 km.
But, we input sedimentary rock as the target of the Shiva fragment because of the limitations of the Earth Impact Effects Program. We can calculate how much water ice would be vaporized by the huge energy input in Joules.
3.03 x 106 Joules to vaporize 1 kg of ice.
4.65x1014 kg of ice vaporized by the impact.
This is equal to 465 cubic kilometers. This is a much larger result that vaporizing sedimentary rock but still only amounts to 0.0006 of the volume of ice in Mars’ north polar cap. Result: the Shiva fragment would not change Mars climate.
Introduction of other greenhouse gasses to Mars’ atmosphere
Fluorinated gases (F-gases) are a family of man-made gases used in a range of industrial applications. F-gases are powerful greenhouse gases, with a global warming effect up to 23 000 times greater than carbon dioxide (CO2). Perfluorocarbons (PFCs) and sulphur hexafluoride (SF6) can remain in the atmosphere for thousands of years. The Earth’s total F-gas annual production exceeds 5 gigatons per year (5 x 1012 kg)[59] or one five thousandth of Mars’ atmospheric mass.
Proposals envision producing F-gases on Mars using locally extracted materials, nuclear power, and a significant industrial effort. The potential for mining fluorine-containing minerals to obtain the raw material necessary for the production of CFCs and PFCs is supported by mineralogical surveys of Mars that estimate the elemental presence of fluorine in the bulk composition of Mars at 32 ppm by mass (as compared to 19.4 ppm for the Earth).[60] It has been estimated that approximately 0.3 microbars of CFCs would need to be introduced into Mars' atmosphere in order to sublimate the south polar CO2 glaciers.[61] That volume is 5x10-5 of Mars present atmosphere or a mere 1.2 billion kg of CFCs.

In conclusion, the terraforming of Mars atmosphere and climate is complicated and a long, long way from reality. Raising Mars’ temperature may be more achievable than increasing Mars’ atmospheric pressure to Earth standards with the available ice and CO2 volatiles available on Mars.
You may propose to throw comets at Mars to increase its atmosphere since the volume of ice available is not enough to make a difference in terraforming. If we use Halley’s Comet as an example, it has a mass of 2.2×1014 kg or only 0.0088 of the mass of Mars’ atmosphere. Somehow, it seems fruitless to throw a thousand comets at Mars to make a minor difference.

Glossary of Terms
ACRV: Ammonia Coolant React Valve
AI: artificial intelligence
albedo: proportion of the incident light or radiation that is reflected by the surface of an astronomical body
Alcubierre Bubble : Spacecraft in an Alcubierre bubble traverse distances by contracting space in front of it and expanding space behind it, resulting in effective faster-than-light travel
ALMS-LIDAR: Altair multispectral LIDAR (Light Detection and Ranging) a remote sensing instrument using a pulsed laser to measure distances and properties of the reflecting surface
alt-azimuth mount: telescope mount with altitude (up-down) axis and azimuth (horizontal) axis
AMB: solar array actuator motor box
aphelion: point in an orbit farthest from the Sun
APXS: alpha proton x-ray spectrometer instrument
aquaponics: combines conventional aquaculture (e.g. raising tilapia in tanks) with hydroponics (cultivating plants in water) in a symbiotic environment where one system benefits from the other
arcminute: 1/60th of a degree
arcsecond: 1/60th of an arcminute; 1/360th of a degree
ARES: NASA Astromaterials Research and Exploration Science Division
astronomical unit: average distance from the Earth to the Sun--approximately 150 million kilometers
AstronX: deep space resource mining company
ATek: Asteroid Technologies- asteroid mining company started in 2038 by Russian oligarch Eristov Antonovich.
AU: Astronomical Unit- average distance from the Earth to the Sun--approximately 150 million kilometers
basalt: a dark, fine-grained volcanic rock rich in iron and magnesium
BFR: SpaceX Big Falcon Rocket renamed Super Heavy Booster / Starship
Bharat : India: The Republic of India
biosignature: element, isotope, or molecule that provides scientific evidence of past or present life
BVRAAM: beyond visual range air-to-air missile
CAMI: Cybernetic Artificial MMU Intelligence
CAPCOM: Capsule Communicator- NASA jargon for communications link between flight control and astronauts.
carbonaceous: containing carbon and carbon compounds
carbonate: a mineral containing the carbonate ion (CO3)2−
CAMI: Cybernetic Artificial MMU Intelligence- an extension of AI CASSI
CARIAN: (sounds like Carrie Ann) Cybernetic Artificial Robotic Intelligence- Android
CARIIN: (sounds like Karen) Cybernetic Artificial Robotic Intelligence- Industrial
CASSI: Cybernetic Artificial Space System Intelligence
CASSI-L: A version of CASSI isolated in communication with The Box from Thelus.
CCD: Charge Coupled Device that takes an image in a digital camera. Analogous to the retina in your eye.
CCV: Colossus Crew/Cargo Vehicle 
CFAT: Coalition Fast Attack Transport
CH4: methane
ChemCam: instrument for laser spot analysis of elemental composition
Chicxulub Event : A 15 km asteroid struck Earth 66 million years ago, causing the extinction of dinosaurs and 75% of all species on Earth. Named for the small town on the Yucatan above the buried crater.
chondritic: a meteorite containing chondrules
chondrules: round particles in a meteorite or asteroid from the original solar nebula that formed the solar system
CID: Cyclotron Ion Drive- fusion powered cyclotron accelerates protons to 90% light speed exhaust velocity.
CM-1: Confinement Module 1
CNSA: China National Space Administration 
COI: Ceres orbit insertion
Coalition / ISC: International Space Coalition- the international partners of the Aquila Mission and signatories of the International Space Treaty of 2018: NASA, FKA, ESA, JAXA, CSA- later expanded to other countries. 
Colossus: Interplanetary settlement ship- capable of landing on Earth, Mars, or other body. Refuel and reuse.
Colossus II : Interplanetary settlement ship- larger than its predecessor. Has habitat modules on a rotating ring providing centrifugal force 0.4 g for Mars normal gravity. Cannot land-- for deep space and orbital service only. 
Coms: Communication Center
CRISM: Compact Reconnaissance Imaging Spectrometer for Mars on MRO orbiter
CRISPR: clustered regularly interspaced short palindromic repeats-- of DNA that can be used to edit genes within organisms
cryo : involving or producing cold, especially extreme cold.
cryovolcano: volcano that erupts cold volatiles such as water, ammonia or methane, instead of molten rock. 
CSA: Canadian Space Agency
CSF: Coalition Space Force
CT-1: Ceres Telescope 1
CT-2: Ceres Telescope 2
CCV : Ceres Transfer Vehicle for crew and cargo service between orbiting Ceres Alpha the surface base Ceres Beta.
cyanobacteria: bacteria that obtain their energy through photosynthesis and produce free oxygen
Delta-V: Orbital change in velocity in km/sec
DEM: digital elevation model
DIANNAO: Diànnǎo- Chinese AI Computer controlling navigation, life support, and communications functions.
DRDO: Indian Defense Research Development Organization arm of IAF
DSN: Deep Space Network- Earth global network of huge radio dishes for communication with spacecraft.
ecliptic plane: The imaginary plane containing the Earth's orbit around the Sun. The other planets are nearly in the same plane and orbiting in the same direction as the rotation of the disk of dust and gas that formed the solar system.
EDAX: Energy Dispersive X-Ray Analysis used to identify the elemental composition of materials in the lab.
EDL: Mars Entry Descent and Landing- a traditionally difficult and dangerous phase of the mission
EEG: electroencephalogram
ELA-2000: Extremely low frequency telecommunications receiver chip installed on CASSI for direct mental communication
ELF: extremely low frequency electromagnetic field
ELT: Extremely Large Telescope
EMP: electromagnetic pulse- possibly damaging to electronic equipment
ESA: European Space Agency
ETI: extra-terrestrial intelligence
ETV: Emigration Transfer Vehicle
EVA: extra-vehicular activity in a space suit
exoplanet: a planet orbiting a star beyond our solar system
extant: still in existence; surviving; opposite of extinct
f 24: optical focal ratio--focal length of primary light gathering lens or mirror is 24 times its diameter; narrow angle, high magnification view
f 4.8 : optical focal ratio--focal length of primary light gathering lens or mirror is 4.8 times its diameter; wide angle view
Faraday cage: a grounded metal enclosure or screen surrounding a piece of equipment to exclude electrostatic and electromagnetic influences.
Fibonacci Sequence : The next number is found by adding up the two numbers before it 0, 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34…
FLOP: Computer floating point operation; FLOPS/sec measures computing speed.
Fourier transform: a mathematical decomposition of a complex signal into frequency components 
FTL: Faster-than-light technology for space travel
GalRex: Galactic Resource Exploration- asteroid mining company started in 2036 by the International Space Coalition
GEO: Geosynchronous Orbit--orbiting at the same point over the Earth at an altitude of 35,786 km.
GFCS: Naval Ship- Gun Fire Control System
GHLI: Geologic hand lens imager for close-ups of details smaller than 1 centimeter.
gimbal: rocket engine with freedom of movement to vector thrust about both the pitch and yaw axes for steering
GPR: ground penetrating radar- uses high-frequency (usually polarized) radio waves, usually in the range 10 MHz to 2.6 GHz.
GRS: gamma ray spectrometer
GWh: gigawatt-hour or one billion watt-hours
H-dot: Horizontal velocity in meters per second relative to the ground
helo: slang for helicopter
hib-sleep: induced state of coma-like sleep for deep space missions with slowed metabolism and drastically slowed bone and muscle mass loss in micro-gravity
HiRise: High Resolution Imaging Experiment on MRO, Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter
Hohmann transfer: Hohmann transfer orbit uses the lowest possible amount of energy in traveling between Earth and Mars
HUD: Heads Up Display- data projected into a pilots 'helmet visor so he/she keeps eyes ahead.
HWN: Hurricane Warning Network
hydrothermal vent: A mineral hot spring on the sea floor fed by seawater that circulates into the ocean's crust and becomes heated by hot magma below.
Hz: Hertz or cycles per second of a sine wave
IAF: Indian Air (and Space) Force
ICF Credit: Interplanetary Coalition Fund Credit--One credit for one metric ton of propellant or food exported
interferometry: electromagnetic waves are superimposed causing interference in order to extract information
ISC: International Space Coalition- the international partners of the Aquila Mission and signatories of the International Space Treaty of 2018: NASA, FKA, ESA, JAXA, CSA- later expanded to other countries. 
ISRO: Indian Space Research Organization- Indian Space Agency
ISRU: In situ Resource Utilization- e.g., mining water ice on Mars to produce water, oxygen, and hydrogen. Oxygen and hydrogen are propellants. CO2 from Mars' atmosphere and hydrogen can be used to manufacture methane for propellant.
JAXA: Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency
JIQIREN : Chinese AI robot
JWST: James Webb Space Telescope
KBO: Kuiper Belt Object- an minor solar system body orbiting the Sun beyond the orbit of Neptune
klick: slang for kilometer
Kuiper belt : Large region in the cold, outer reaches of our solar system beyond the orbit of Neptune harboring millions of small, icy objects from the beginnings of the solar system. It includes dwarf planets such as Pluto.
L2: 2nd Lagrange point of stable gravity balance between the Earth and the Moon
LaGrange Point: Stable equilibrium points, so that an object placed there would be in a stable orbit with respect to the Earth and Moon
LAX: Los Angeles International Airport
LEO: Low Earth Orbit-- for example the International Space Station at about 400 km altitude.
LH2: liquid hydrogen
LHB: Late Heavy Bombardment- from 4.1 to 3.9 billion years ago, the inner solar system planetary bodies suffered a huge influx of impactors. Evidence of this is the huge circular impact basins and mare on the Moon. Computer modeling implies that a shift in orbits of Uranus and Neptune sent the impactors to the inner solar system.
LDS: Latter Day Saints- founded the New Kolob settlement on Mars
LOP-G: Lunar Orbiting Platform- Gateway (to deep space)
LOX: liquid oxygen
LRO: Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter
MAG : maximum absorbency garment worn as a diaper during an EVA
magnetite: an iron bearing mineral with magnetic properties
Mars launch window: Earth-Mars: Lowest energy Hohmann transfer is achieved by launching before Mars opposition and arriving just after opposition. Launch windows occur about once every 26 months.
MarsNet: Mars planet wide information network 
MAG: Maximum Absorbency Garment usually worn on an EVA, Serves to absorb urine.
MAV: Mars Ascent Vehicle
MCC: Mid-course correction burn
MCT: Mars Settlement Time
MECO: Main engine cutoff
MET: mission elapsed time
MGS: Mars Global Surveyor
micron: one millionth of a meter
microgravity: near weightlessness in spaceflight in a free fall orbit
MIRV-ICBM: Multiple Independently Targetable Reentry Vehicle- Intercontinental Ballistic Missile
MITL: Martian Interplanetary Trade Liaison 
MMLP: Mars Mobile Landing Pad moves Colossus to hard dock with pressurized passenger and cargo elevator.
MMU: manned maneuvering unit giving 3D movement on an EVA without a tether 
MOI: Mars Orbit Insertion propulsion maneuver
MOLA : Mars Orbiting Laser Altimeter
MRO: Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter-launched in 2005 and still orbiting with a suite of high res cameras, spectrometer, and Shallow Subsurface Radar (SHARAD)
MT: Metric ton= 1000 kilograms
MT1: Mars Telescope 1
MT2: Mars Telescope 2
MT-SDOT: Mars Telescope Shiva Debris Operations Team 
nadir: the point on the celestial sphere directly below an observer
nanometer: one billionth of a meter
NASA: National Aeronautics and Space Administration
NEO: Near Earth object, near Earth asteroid
NSTLC: NASA SpaceTrans Launch Complex 
Oort Cloud: cloud of predominantly icy comets and planetesimals beyond the Kuiper Belt at distances ranging from 2,000 to 200,000 AU beyond the Sun.
opposition: Earth lies between a planet and the Sun, making the Sun and planet appear in opposite directions as viewed from the Earth (or your frame of reference).
organic molecule: molecule of a carbon compound. May or may not be related to life.
oxidation: loss of electrons or an increase in oxidation state of an element or compound
PAH : polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (e.g. benzene rings)
PanCam: panoramic camera
Pan-STARRS : twin 1.8 meter telescopes at the Haleakala Observatory on Maui used for finding asteroid threats to Earth
parallax: difference in the apparent position of an object viewed along two different lines of sight measured by the angle the two lines.
PASCI: (sounds like Passy) Pan-STARRS Astrometric Computing Intelligence
PDI: powered descent initiate- spacecraft on thrusters landing on airless body such as the Moon or Ceres
petabyte: 1024 terabytes
petawatt: 1000 trillion watts
PeV: 1015 electron volts
PFLOP: PetaFLOP= approximately 1 million billion FLOPS /sec measure of supercomputing speed
picosecond: one trillionth of a second
PLSS: portable life support system worn as a back pack on a space suit system
pluton: A body of intrusive igneous rock that is crystallized from magma slowly cooling below the surface.
polycarbonate: thermoplastic polymers containing carbonate groups in their chemical structures e.g. Plexiglas
ppbv: parts per billion by volume
PPE: medical personal protective equipment to prevent contact with pathogens
PPK: personal preference kit- an astronaut's private stash of personal needs
purine: heterocyclic aromatic organic compound found in DNA that consists of a two rings in their structure
pyrimidine: aromatic heterocyclic organic compound found in DNA similar to pyridine
pyros: small explosive devices on a spacecraft designed to sever connections in a programmed sequence of events.
quad: short for quadcopter- the common mode of personal transport since about 2035
RAD-D : geologic radiation detector
railgun: device that uses electromagnetic force to launch high velocity projectiles
RPG (M147): rocket propelled grenade with armor piercing explosive head.
reduction: gain of electrons or a decrease in oxidation state of an element or compound
REE: Rare earth elements-- set of seventeen chemical elements in the periodic table, including the fifteen lanthanides, as well as scandium and yttrium. Used in high tech electronics, ceramics, and metallurgy.
reflector telescope: a telescope that uses a precise concave mirror to collect and focus light onto a secondary mirror to be imaged at an eyepiece or camera
regolith: layer of unconsolidated rocky material covering bedrock.
RIPP: a restraint mask that prevents a prisoner from biting and spitting e.g. Hannibal Lecter
Ritchey–Chrétien : a reflector telescope that has a hyperbolic primary mirror and a hyperbolic secondary mirror
robo: slang for robotic
Roscosmos / FKA: Roscosmos State Corporation for Space Activities
Sabatier reactor: Propellant factory on Mars using hydrogen from water and CO2 from Mars atmosphere to make methane fuel
SABRE: Synergetic Air-Breathing Rocket Engine used for hypersonic travel around the Earth
SCR: space combat rifle- over/under SCR can fire high rate conventional rounds and high energy laser pulses
Schmidt-Cassegrain: A telescope that combines a reflector's optical path with a front corrector plate to make a compact astronomical instrument. Also known as an SCT.
SETI: Search for Extraterrestrial Life- Most notably under the SETI Institute founded by Carl Sagan and Frank Drake in the 1980's.
Shēn Kōng Yóuxíng : Deep Space March Super Heavy Lift Vehicle--Chinese clone of the Colossus ships
Shiva: Shiva, the Destroyer, is the third god in the Hindu triumvirate. Namesake of the the KBO threatening Earth.
SID: Synchrotron Ion Drive- fusion powered synchrotron accelerates protons to 90% light speed as ion exhaust velocity.
SIC: sample isolation chamber
SNAFU: Military jargon- Situation Normal: All F***ed Up
SRC: sample return container- aluminum rock box with a triple seal to prevent contamination
SRS: Space Rocket System
SSTAR: Small, sealed, transportable, autonomous reactor- powered by uranium fuel rods, delivered from Earth capable of decades of sustained 10-megawatt electricity output.
SSTO: single stage to orbit
station-keeping: The orbital maneuvers made by thruster burns that are needed to keep a spacecraft in a particular assigned orbit
stromatolite: a fossil of layered cyanobacteria or blue-green algae
synodic period: The time it takes for an astro-body to return to the same angular position from the Sun as seen from the Earth.
SWRRP: Solids Waste Recycling Reactor Process, SWRRP, pronounced “SWIRP”
TARED: Tarazed Advanced Resistive Exercise Device
TCI: Trans Ceres Injection rocket burn
terabyte: 1024 gigabytes
Thexlos Effect: The Alcubierre drive was named the Thexlos effect by the Thelud. Engineer Scott shortened that to the X-drive. 
TLS: tunable laser spectrometer instrument
TMI: Trans Mars Injection rocket burn
TPI: Trans Proxima Injection- faster than light (FTL) jump in X-Drive (Alcubierre bubble space warp)
trank pen: a heavy tranquilizer pen injected like an EpiPen
UAE: United Arab Emirates- founded the al Salam al Jadid settlement on Mars
VASIMIR: Variable Specific Impulse Magnetoplasma Rocket
V-dot: Vertical velocity in meters per second relative to the ground
Vishnu: Vishnu, the Savior, is the second god in the Hindu triumvirate. Namesake of the missile sent to divert the KBO threatening Earth.
VR: Virtual reality presented in a 3D visual simulation
X-Drive: The Alcubierre drive was named the Thexlos effect by the Thelud. Engineer Scott shortened that to the X-drive. 
XRD: X-ray diffraction for identifying and quantifying the mineralogy of crystalline compounds in rocks.
Yarkovsky Effect: force exerted on a body in space when photons of sunlight are absorbed and reemitted
zenith: the point on the celestial sphere directly above an observer
zettabyte: 1 billion terabytes; 1 million petabytes

Dramatis Personae
Arcadia Mars Settlers in 2054



NASA SpaceTrans Operations Center 2054
Owen Williams Operations Manager
Sofia Bell Process Manager
Rafael Ochoa Process Manager
Heather Cox (incoming) Process Manager
Rodolfo Grimes Flight Director
Heidi Hart (promoted) Operations Manager
Sam Jenkins Dir. Neutral Buoyancy Lab
Troy Reid Dir. Human Missions
New York 2054
Jake Graham Ranger Fire Island National Seashore
Paige Woods Ranger Fire Island National Seashore
Barbara Thornton National Parks Service Supervisor
Erebus Montes Base
Yadama Hidemichi Physician
Yoneno Fumiya Physician Assistant
India Bhahrat Settlement
Daas Ahuja Settlement Commander
Krishan Raj militiaman
Mishri Kushari militiaman
Jhanda Limbu militiaman
Srijan Gupta militiaman
Colossus Ship Atarashī Heiwai
Commander Nakama Tadayuki
Huangyan March Settlement
Commander Xian Kun
Lu Yahui
Commander Faddei Vasilievich
Orina Denisovna
Capt. Stanislav (Stas) Romanovich
Dr. Guo Zhihao
Dr. Meng Zemin
Col. Mao Ruogang
Yao Tai Lu Kun's daughter
Zhao Tao Kun's son-in-law
Yang Wei Lu Kun's granddaughter
JIQIREN robot
Coalition Command
Christof Scheibel Director Coalition Command (2035-2055)
Gerard Schumaker Director Coalition Command (2055-2080)
SpaceTrans Colossus II Construction
Moses Hudson Chief Engineer
Tara Cochan Space Exploration Architect
Lela Massey Crew Chief
Silas Lambert Construction Crew
Bill Higgins Construction Crew
GalRex Mining and Manufacturing Coalition
David Dorer CEO
Olivia Blum Chief Engineer
Alex Engler Crew Chief
Mark Kohler Construction Crew
Guido Valle Construction Crew
Clint Aldron Commander GalRex Ship Hyperion
Jenny Essex XO GalRex Ship Hyperion
Frank Jones Lutetia Base miner
Debbie Teller Lutetia Base miner
Rick Taylor Lutetia Base miner
Carrie Taylor Lutetia Base miner
Terrie Taylor Lutetia Base child
Kim Taylor Lutetia Base child
Troy Taylor Lutetia Base child
ATek Mining and Manufacturing Russian
Eristov Antonovich CEO
Pavel Viktorovich Systems Manager
Rytina Ivanovna Chief Engineer
Anikin Georgiy Crew Chief
Mitina Tarasovna Construction Crew
Zimin Yurievich Construction Crew
Patrushev Denisovich Komendant ATek Frigate Gorshkov
Kotov Tarasovich Kapitan ATek Frigate Gorshkov
Pyotr Adimovich Gun Fire Control (GFCS) Officer
Tsvetkov Kirillovich Tug Pilot
Zotov Germanovich Kapitan ATek Frigate Kulakov
Raya Alekseevna XO ATek Frigate Kulakov
Fyodor Yanovich Transport Pilot
Krayev Maximovich Sgt. Commando Team
Coalition Space Force
Gen. Mark Havermeyer Top Commander CSF
Vic Clemons Captain CSF Destroyer Overlord
Lesley Howard XO CSF Destroyer Overlord
Kai Watson Gun Fire Control (GFCS) Officer
Brynn Matthews Tug Pilot
Harper Mathis Captain CSF Destroyer Normandy
Neymar Klimt XO CSF Destroyer Normandy
Danny Walsh Gun Fire Control (GFCS) Officer
Haiden Klein Tug Pilot
Colossus II ISC-1701 Europa
Vincent (Vinnie) Vellux Commander
Halley Simon XO of Europa
Suzanne Vellux Chief Engineer
Brian Gilbert Pilot
Mason Koch Pilot
Carrie Towson Orientation Attendant
Dr. Kelly Tumlinson Flight Surgeon/Hib-sleep specialist
Kathy Brum Hib-sleep attendant
Mary James Hib-sleep attendant
Owen Williams colonist
Sofia Bell colonist
Rob Williams colonist son of Owen and Sofia
Beth Williams colonist daughter of Owen and Sofia
Fred Adams colonist
Cathy Adams colonist
JoJo Adams colonist daughter of Fred and Cathy
Colossus II ISC-1702 Ganymede
Adam Burry Commander of ISC-1702 Ganymede
Babs Rosci XO of Ganymede
Sam Sereno Pilot
Will Ambrosia Pilot
Dr. Libby Rosci Flight Surgeon
Colossus II ISC-1703 Callisto
Matt Rossel Commander of ISC-1703 Callisto
Beary Yunger XO of Callisto
Karol Yunger Pilot
Tom Duclos Pilot
Bhahrat Militia
Ganesh Vadekar Brigadier General
Diyal Kumar Colonel
Gambhir Singh Colonel
Jagadis Shanyal Major
Krishan Raj Lieutenant (killed in lab attack)
Mishri Kushari Miltiaman (killed in lab attack)
Phlegra Expedition Transport 6
Ellie Accardi Principal Astrogeologist
Sofi Brewster Astrophysicist/Astrogeologist
Alex Ivanov Astrophysicist/Astrogeologist
Harrison Frank Pilot/Engineer (mech. /civil / electric.)
Eve Cain Engineer (Habs); Space Law/CJ; MITL
Logan Walsh Security Team Lead
Keegan Huber Security Team
Phlegra Expedition Transport 7
Jacob Petrov Pilot/Sr Astrogeologist
Tracy Jennings Astrobiologist
Jack Lewis Mars Exploration Geologist
Amy Allen Mars Exploration Geologist
Sandy Conklin Engineer (Robotics/AI); Chaplain
Dao Ming Kai Engineer (Robotics/AI/VR); Psychologist
Jordan Miller Security Team
Linus Pelzer Security Team
Vitto Sanna Security Team
Colossus II ISC-1708 Regulus : 120 total settlers plus crew
Daniela Francesco: Commander
Leo Tustin: XO
Sergio Francesco: Chief Engineer
Lester Haney: Physician
Lilian Haney: Physician Assistant/Chaplain
Grant Elliot: Pilot/Engineer 
Gina Elliot: Pilot/Engineer 
Tom Morris: Colonist / Civil Engineer
Gabriella Francesco: student
Luca Elliot: student
Callisto Valhalla Base: 
Harrison Phillips: Commander
Marcelo Hinton: Chief Engineer
Nicole Phillips: Physician
Lexi Emerson: Physician Assistant
Kenna Newman: Astrophysicist
Adrian Bates: Astrogeologist/Astrobiologist
Miriam Bates: Astrophysicist/Astrobiologist
Jonathan Hopkins: Hab systems Engineer 
Delia Hopkins: Materials Engineer/Chaplain
Sam Hudson: Construction Crew
Sveta Voronov: Construction Crew
Yuki Kagami: Aquaponics Specialist
Nishi Kagami: Aquaponics Specialist
Tom Morris: Civil Engineer
ATek Frigate Varyag: 
Yuliy Igorovich: Kapitan
Pavlinka Yegorovna: XO
Vadim Yanov: Gun Fire Control (GFCS) Officer
Titan Shangri La Base : 120 Settlers (60 on Titan; 60 in orbit)
Caitlan Marshall: Commander
Greg Marshall: Chief Engineer
George King: Physician
Faith King: Physicians Attendant/Chaplain
Brennan MacDonald: Astrophysicist/Astrogeologist
Shelley MacDonald: Astrogeologist/Astrobiologist
Paek Sung-Hoon: Astrogeologist
Han Mi-Yung: Habitat/Life Support Engineer
Mason Baker: Pilot/Space Systems Engineer 
Steve Baker: Pilot/Space Systems Engineer 
Vela Rybikov: Construction Crew Chief
Jelena Rybikov: Construction Crew
Dario Mallen: Construction Crew
Amira Mallen: Construction Crew
Flavio Perino: Aquaponics Specialist
Carmen Perino: Aquaponics Specialist
Titan Alpha Base: ISC-1708 Regulus
Daniela Francesco: Commander
Sergio Francesco: Chief Engineer
Leo Tustin: XO
Janet Tustin: Astrogator
Lester Haney: Physician
Lilian Haney: Physicians Attendant/Chaplain
Ayden Robertson: Space Systems Engineer
Maddie Robertson: Space Systems Engineer
Grant Elliot: Pilot/Space Systems Engineer 
Gina Elliot: Pilot/Space Systems Engineer 
Alfred Kuhn: Aquaponics Specialist
Nadine Kuhn: Aquaponics Specialist
Gabriella Francesco: Astrogeologist/Astrobiologist
Luca Elliot: Astrophysicist/Astrogeologist
Mira Francesco-Elliot: student
Colossus III ISC-1712 Perseus: Crew and family total forty-four
Vic Clemons: Admiral
Lesley Howard: Captain / Coalition Ambassador
Sharon Clemons: Student
Troy Clemons: Student
Tazio Di Vita: XO
Bria Di Vita: Astrogator/Propulsion Engineer
Kai Watson: Nuclear Ordinance Officer
Jill Watson: Laser systems engineer
Zac Johnston: Chief Engineer
Hillary Johnston: Physician/Hib sleep specialist
Scott Montgomery: Fusion Reactor Engineer
Aileen Montgomery: Fusion Reactor Engineer
Callum Montgomery: student
Fletcher Alston: Flight Surgeon
Maria Vasquez-Alston: Physicians Attendant/Counselor
Janine Alston: student
Henry Stedman: Physicians Attendant
Valerie Stedman: Physicians Attendant
Sherrie Stedman: student
Stella Ivanov-Weidman: Astrogeologist/Astrobiologist/MITL
Markus Weidman: Pilot/Space Systems Engineer 
Julius Weidmann : Student
Andrei Ivanov: Astrophysicist/Astrogeologist/MITL
Jana Weidman-Ivanov: Pilot/Space Systems Engineer 
Luisa Ivanov : Student
Ademar Jenkins: Aquaponics Specialist
Trinee Jenkins: Aquaponics Specialist
Anton Korn: Security Chief

Notes
1. https: //www.inverse.com/innovation/spacex-starship-explosion Web accessed 9 June 2020.
2. Zubrin, Robert, 2019, Mars Direct 2.0 How to Send Humans to Mars Using Starships,
70th International Astronautical Congress (IAC), Washington DC, 20-26 October 2019
3. “ESA Opens An Oxygen Plant That Makes Air Out Of Moondust,” SpaceRef, 19 Jan 2020, Web accessed 20 Jan 2020. http: //spaceref.com/moon/esa-opens-an-oxygen-plant-that-makes-air-out-of-moondust.html
4. “SpaceX's Starship May Fly for Just $2 Million Per Mission, Elon Musk Says,” Space.com, 6 Nov 2019, Web accessed 10 March 2020. https: //www.space.com/spacex-starship-flight-passenger-cost-elon-musk.html
5. “Elon Musk drops details for SpaceX mega-colony,” c/net, 16 Jan 2020, Web accessed 16 Jan 2020. https: //www.cnet.com/news/elon-musk-drops-details-for-spacexs-million-person-Mars-mega-colony/
6. “Elon Musk is still thinking big with SpaceX's Starship Mars-settling rocket. Really big.” Space.com, 18 January 2020. Web accessed 27 Feb 2020. https: //www.space.com/elon-musk-starship-spacex-flights-Mars-colony.html
7. “Inside Elon Musk’s plan to build one Starship a week—and settle Mars,” Ars Technica, 5 Mar 2020, Web accessed 8 Mar 2020. https: //arstechnica.com/science/2020/03/inside-elon-musks-plan-to-build-one-starship-a-week-and-settle-Mars/
8. XIth International Astronautical Congress Stockholm, 1960
9. Tsiolkovsky Ideal Rocket Equation; https: //www.omnicalculator.com/physics/ideal-rocket-equation
10. Stars within 20 Light Years. Web accessed 7 August 2019. http: //www.atlasoftheuniverse.com/20lys.html
11. Chandler, David, 2019, MIT Assembler Robots Make Large Structures From Little Pieces – Could One Day Build Space Settlements, SciTechDaily, Web accessed 17 Oct 2019; https: //scitechdaily.com/mit-assembler-robots-make-large-structures-from-little-pieces-could-one-day-build-space-settlements/
12. McKay, D S et al, 1996, Search for Past Life on Mars: Possible Relic Biogenic Activity in Martian Meteorite ALH84001, Science, 16 Aug 1996, V.273, Issue 5277, pp.924-930, Web accessed 9 Sept 2018. http: //science.sciencemag.org/content/273/5277/924
13. Joseph, R.G. et al, 2020, Mars: Algae, Lichens, Fossils, Minerals, Microbial Mats, and Stromatolites in Gale Crater, Journal of Astrobiology and Space Science Reviews, 3 (1); 40-111, February 29, 2020; https: //www.researchgate.net/publication/339777176_Mars_Algae_Lichens_Fossils_Minerals_Microbial_Mats_and_Stromatolites_in_Gale_Crater
14. “The Case for Past Life on Mars Gets Stronger,” Dirk Schulze-Makuch, Air & Space, 13 April 2020, web accessed 13 April 2020, https: //www.airspacemag.com/daily-planet/case-past-life-Mars-gets-stronger-180974664
15. Web accessed 29 October 2020 https: //www.reddit.com/r/Starlink/comments/jjti2k/starlink_beta_terms_of_service/
16. Schneider, J. Interactive Extra-solar Planets Catalog, The Extrasolar Planets Encyclopedia. Web accessed 1 April 2019. http: //exoplanet.eu/catalog.php
17. Jordan, S.F., Rammu, H., Zheludev, I.N. et al. Promotion of protocell self-assembly from mixed amphiphiles at the origin of life. Nat Ecol Evol (2019) doi: 10.1038/s41559-019-1015-y
18. ESPRESSO confirms the presence of an Earth around the nearest star, Universite de Geneve, 28 May 2020, Web accessed 28 May 2020. https: //www.unige.ch/communication/communiques/en/2020/espresso-confirms-the-existence-of-a-earth-around-the-nearest-star/
19. Kenkmann, T., Sundell, K., and Cook, D., 2018, Evidence for a large Paleozoic Impact Crater Strewn Field in the Rocky Mountains, Nature Scientific Reports, V 8, Article no: 13246. https: //www.nature.com/articles/s41598-018-31655-4
20. Mazrouei, S., Ghent, R.R., Bottke, W.F., Parker, A.h., and Gernon, T.M., Earth and Moon impact flux increased at the end of the Paleozoic, Science, 363, 6424, 253-257 (2019). Web accessed 3 Nov 2020. https: //science.sciencemag.org/content/363/6424/253
21. S. Hergarten et al., Science 10.1126/science.aaw7471 (2019). Web accessed 3 Nov 2020. https: //science.sciencemag.org/content/365/6450/eaaw7471.abstract
22. Schilling, G., Small Chance of Apophis Asteroid Impact in 2068, Sky and Telescope, 16 Oct 2020. Web accessed 3 Nov 2020. https: //skyandtelescope.org/astronomy-news/apophis-impact-small-chance-2068/
23. “Neuralink Progress Update, Summer 2020”. Youtube. Neuralink. Retrieved August 29, 2020.
24. Lyson, T.R., et al, 2019, Exceptional continental record of biotic recovery after the Cretaceous–Paleogene mass extinction, Science 22 Nov 2019: Vol. 366, Issue 6468, pp. 977-983, Web accessed 4 Sept 2020, DOI: 10.1126/science.aay2268
25. “This Hypersonic ‘Space Plane’ Can Get From New York to London in One Hour,” Physics and astronomy Zone, 10 Jan 2020; Web accessed 11 Jan 2020; https: //www.physics-astronomy.org/2020/01/this-hypersonic-space-plane-can-get.html
26. Poly-methyl methacrylate
27. Zubrin, Robert, Elon Musk’s Plan to settle Mars, National Review, 22 Feb 2020, Web accessed 22 Feb 2020. https: //www.nationalreview.com/2020/02/Mars-elon-musk-plan-to-settle-red-planet/
28. Coalition Fast Attack Transport
29. Beyond visual range- air-to-air missile
30. Portable Life Support System worn as a back pack on a space suit system
31. Tarazed Advanced Resistive Exercise Device
32. “Mining the Asteroids: Who Decides?” Raw Science, 3 Mar 2015; Web accessed 11 Apr 2020. http: //www.rawscience.tv/mining-the-asteroids-who-decides/
33. Ringwald, F.A. (February 29, 2000). “SPS 1020 (Introduction to Space Sciences)”. California State University, Fresno. Web accessed 1 May 2020.
34. Oliver, Donna (1979). “Some Psychological Effects of Isolation and Confinement In An Antarctic Winter-over Group”. U.S. International University Dissertation. 302983797
35. “Alien intelligence: the extraordinary minds of octopuses and other cephalopods”. NYT, 28 Mar 2017. Web accessed 10 June 2020.
36. Fgravity = G M1 M2 / r2 where Fgravity is the attractive gravitational force between two objects of mass M1 and M2 separated by a distance r. The constant G in the equation is called the Universal Constant of Gravitation. The value of G is: G = 6.67 X 10-11 meters3 kilogram-1 seconds-2.
37. “New Study Says Enceladus has had an Internal Ocean for Billions of Years,” Universe Today, 6 November 2017. Web accessed 26 June 2020. https: //www.universetoday.com/137778/new-study-says-enceladus-internal-ocean-billions-years/
38. Choblet, Gael, et al, 2017, Powering prolonged hydrothermal activity inside Enceladus, Nature Astronomy, V1, Dec 2017, pp 841-847. Web accessed 26 June 2020. https: //www.nature.com/articles/s41550-017-0289-8
39. Catherine Bernard, Marine Ecology Progress Series, Vol. 128, No. 1/3, 23 November 1995, pp. 171-179
40. McKay, D S et al, 1996, Search for Past Life on Mars: Possible Relic Biogenic Activity in Martian Meteorite ALH84001, Science, 16 Aug 1996, V.273, Issue 5277, pp.924-930, Web accessed 9 Sept 2018. http: //science.sciencemag.org/content/273/5277/924
41. Thomas R. Battersby, Maria Albalos, Michel J. Friesenhahn, An Unusual Mode of DNA Duplex Association: Watson-Crick Interaction of All-Purine Deoxyribonucleic Acids, Chemistry & Biology, Volume 14, Issue 5, 29 May 2007, Pages 525-531; Web accessed 24 July 2020; https: //doi.org/10.1016/j.chembiol.2007.05.001
42. Ibid. (Battersby, 2007) Web accessed 24 July 2020; https: //doi.org/10.1016/j.chembiol.2007.05.001
43. “World's most powerful laser, developed by Thales and ELI-NP, achieves record power level of 10 PW,” LaserFocusWorld, 21 March 2019, Web accessed 25 July 2020; https: //www.laserfocusworld.com/lasers-sources/article/16566776/
44. Alcubierre, Miguel (1994). “The warp drive: hyper-fast travel within general relativity”. Classical and Quantum Gravity. 11 (5): L73–L77; doi: 10.1088/0264-9381/11/5/001
45. Bulletti, C.; Palagiano, A.; Pace, C.; Cerni, A.; Borini, A.; De Ziegler, D. (2011). “The artificial womb,” Annals of the New York Academy of Sciences. 1221 (1): 124–128. Bibcode: 2011NYASA1221..124B
46. Analysis of S1-5 impact effects on Mars are in Appendix 2.
47. Quadcopter- the common mode of personal transport since about 2035.
48. Astronomers assume that most planets closely orbiting red dwarf stars are tidally locked so that one side of the planet always faces the star. This has huge implications on weather and climate that cannot favor life as we know it. The 12: 1 resonance is artistic license.
49. Howard, W.S., et al, The First Naked-Eye Superflare Detected from Proxima Centauri, Cornell University Astrophysics, 8 Jun 2018, Web accessed 8 August 2020; https: //arxiv.org/abs/1804.02001
50. Inspired by the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier, Baghdad, Iraq
51. “Proceedings of the Planetary Defense Workshop Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory Livermore, California May 22–26, 1995” Web accessed 19 July 2018. https: //web.archive.org/web/20150909023233/https: //e-reports-ext.llnl.gov/pdf/232015.pdf
52. The time it takes for an astro-body to return to the same angular position from the Sun as seen from the Earth.
53. “Looks Like Elon Musk Is Serious About Nuking Mars,” Space.com, 21 August 2019, Web accessed 8 Feb 2020. https: //www.space.com/elon-musk-serious-nuke-Mars-terraforming.html
54. Mars Fact Sheet, NASA, https: //nssdc.gsfc.nasa.gov/planetary/factsheet/Marsfact.html
55. “Atmosphere of Mars”, Wikipedia, https: //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atmosphere_of_Mars
56. Philips, R.J., et al, 2011, Massive CO₂ ice deposits sequestered in the south polar layered deposits of Mars. Science. 2011 May 13 ;332(6031): 838-41
57. “Ice”, Arizona State University/NASA, Web accessed 8 Feb 2020. https: //Marsed.asu.edu/mep/ice
58. Earth Impact Effects Program, Imperial College London and Purdue University. Web accessed 8 Feb 2020, https: //impact.ese.ic.ac.uk/ImpactEarth/ImpactEffects/
59. “Fluorinated greenhouse gasses,” European Commission, Web accessed 8 Feb 2020, https: //ec.europa.eu/clima/policies/f-gas_en
60. Gerstell, M. F.; Francisco, J. S.; Yung, Y. L.; Boxe, C.; Aaltonee, E. T. (2001). “Keeping Mars warm with new super greenhouse gases” (PDF). Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. 98 (5): 2154–2157.
61. Teles, A. M. M. (2015). “Mars Astrobiology: Recent Status and Progress”. Planetary Exploration and Science: Recent Results and Advances: 147–245
