The Nexus Odyssey
Hylton Smith
Copyright 2009 by Hylton Smith
Smashwords Edition
No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, graphic, electronic, or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, taping or by any information storage or retrieval system, without the permission in writing from the publisher,
Promethean


 
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters and incidents are products of the author's imagination. Any resemblance to persons living or dead is entirely coincidental.
The views expressed in this work are solely those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the views of the publisher, and the publisher hereby disclaims any responsibility for them.

Acknowledgement
Sincere thanks to Rhys J. Smith and Anne Flint for their patience, support and suggestions.
Chapter 1
Now that the hype was finally over the real mission could at last get underway. Leaving the space elevator and boarding the most sophisticated exploration vessel humanity could engineer seemed to have been overshadowed by the never-ending broadcasts. The hopes of the species rested in their hands.
The year was 2033, and the project had been planned for 20 years. The projections had indicated meltdown of the increasingly tenuous balance of world food supply, energy and raw material requirement, climate change and population growth. Programmes designed to offset the tipping point were not enough to achieve the trend reversal in time. These counter-effects such as research on food synthesis, alternate fuels, recycling, coupled with more viral pandemics, were themselves affected in different ways by the advent of nanotechnology. This branch of science offered lower energy food production and manufactured goods and at the same time extended life expectation with artificial organs. The mathematical modelling suggested an additional dimension had to be explored with immediate effect. The most surprising element in this undertaking was the relatively short time it took for the global acceptance of such a venture. When everyone is threatened by a common enemy, unification becomes the new currency.
Colonisation of another planetary body had always been contemplated; now it was prioritised to happen. The Confederation of Nations, charged with the design and implementation of this emergency escape route, named the project ‘Salvation’. The brief was not simply to oversee successful habitat capability. The chosen destination had to cover terraforming prospects, new materials research, and the scope of population migration. This in itself shaped the makeup of the crew to a degree and underpinned the importance of a similarly qualified response team at project headquarters in Beijing.
The relative contribution of nations had changed markedly since the first decade of the 21st century. The new superpowers of China and India were leading the way in terms of economic and technological input. Russia and the USA made up the big four.
 The Commander of the Copernicus - Stenninger Magnusson - had masters in physics and psychology, complimented by special operations experience in polar missions. In his native Sweden the 38 year-old was relatively unknown until the last three years. He was relieved to be leaving Earth Orbit at last, and his feelings were shared by the rest of the crew. Once underway, the final briefing from Beijing would be conducted, and they would truly begin to function as a tight knit team – all those years of secret preparation would click into gear. 
With coordinates locked in and target velocity achieved, Communications Officer Javier Veltrano informed Magnusson that Beijing had come through on the main VDU with predictable punctuality. Beijing Controller Roberto Xiang confirmed all parameters were correct and as this had been rehearsed many times there was no need to dwell further on detail. He suggested second contact in two Earth hours. Xiang was born in Florence. His father, having spent his early career in the Chinese Embassy in Rome, moved to Tuscany when he married Lisa Maria Galdoni. Xiang had been educated in Zurich and specialised in Astrometrics, Propulsion Technology and Probability Theory. He was rigidly focussed on scheduling and conformance of data assembly, yet somewhat pragmatic about conclusions drawn from apparently aberrant information derived from such data. These qualities were considered to be influential in his appointment to head up Beijing Mission Control.
Magnusson asked First Officer Indira Banjani to get the crew together in thirty minutes. He would take the helm in her absence. This gave him a chance to consider - for the thousandth time - the problems involved in decelerating a heavy vessel (with seven crew members), in a low density atmosphere. There was a window of ninety seconds to slow from Mach 5 to Mach 1. This was to be achieved by a Supersonic Decelerator or Hypercone. This device although tested in small scale vacuum tunnel mock-ups and predictive computer modelling, was untried in the actual scenario because of time and resource constraints. The huge doughnut skin girdled the vessel and would inflate very quickly with gas rockets to create a conical shape. This inflation was to occur about 10K above the surface while travelling at Mach 4-5, then, after peak heating of the Silicon-Vectran material, the hypercone would act as an aerodynamic anchor to slow the vehicle to Mach 1. The section weight limit was 40-60 tons. From Mach 1, subsonic parachutes and thrusters would land the vehicle.
 This weight restriction had imposed a design feature of Main Spacecraft - Descent/Ascent module - Habitat and Lander. The Lander would have to comprise Rover and power source facilities. The science lab would be part of the descent module as this carried the crew and sensitive equipment, and consequently had the most sophisticated hypercone. Each section had to come in at less than 60 tons. Why was this required? Simply because Mars had too little atmosphere to slow a vehicle heavy enough to carry everything needed for such a complex, one-chance-only mission. 
The discussions on launch were governed by time needed for proving technologies versus optimum orbital proximity of Earth and Mars. This inevitably pitted the politicians against the scientists. The conflicting parameters were stark. Between 2018 and 2020, the two planets were closest. The next time such alignment occurred was 2033-2035.The earlier window had been too soon for the Carbon Nanotube technology to be developed for the space elevator when the project was initiated in 2013.The Copernicus mission also needed to have a backup, arriving one year after the first landing to relieve the initial crew and bring new facilities to progress the colonisation technology. The trips would each take 10 months. The space elevator was a critical part of the plan, as ground assembly of rockets was expensive, and still prone to explosive failure. The progressive colonisation requirement demanded the reliable launch capability that Earth orbit assembly offered as well as having favourable cost per launch ratio in the long term. 
The Copernicus launch was to be March 2033 and the Darwin March 2034. This gave a mere two months between Copernicus’ arrival on Mars and Darwin’s launch, for any required changes of cargo facilities for the latter. This whole schedule of course was far too short, in the view of the scientists, for stepwise missions to verify the complex interdependent design systems to deliver, land and establish habitat in the new world. These same scientists knew they would have to compromise if the follow up missions beyond 2035 were to stand any chance of expanding the colonisation.

Chapter 2

The choice of Mars was not really much of a debate. When answers to questions added up to: too hot, too cold, too toxic, too far, there was no real alternative. From what was known of the cosmic history and recent geological surveys of the planet, the chosen landing region introduced another risk to the mission. Mars was roughly divided into Northern Lowlands and Southern Highlands. The safer bet would be Nilli Fossae in the Northern plains, with its lava flows and sedimentary deposits. However, Valles Marineris, a canyon system some 1860 miles long and 5 miles deep, was, although more risky, equally intriguing because of the evidence of hydrated minerals. The brightly coloured West Candor Chasm sparkled with red, pink, green and turquoise ‘come and get me’ hues. The canyon depth could also save a lot of drilling – hopefully.
This hope was based on the knowledge that the surface temperature range averaged around minus forty-six degrees Celsius, with a minimum of minus eighty-seven and a maximum of minus five. If the lower reaches of the chasm could be accessed by MH (Mars Hover) Mole then the temperature maximum down there could be higher; if the colours observed were salts which lowered the freezing point of any briny deposits, it really would be pay dirt.
MH Mole was a lightweight drillbot ascending and descending by remote control gas balloon and tiny thrusters, enabling small samples to be taken while hovering. The laser cutting was precise enough to gather tiny pieces of whatever was down there. Discovery of any form of water – liquid, frozen or leveraged, from hydrated salts was a priority.
When the crew had assembled, the only pressing objective was to implement artificial gravity, which in itself would enable many other functions to be accessed. Individual checklists were distributed to cover personal quarters and workstations to ensure that the switchover was trouble free. The entire ship was set to rotate at 4.5 revolutions per minute to create the requisite centrifugal force to make the journey more comfortable and facilitate the operational and exercise regimes prescribed.
First Officer Banjani distributed the lists and asked for the input to be keyed into the operational data system within 20 minutes. Banjani was a graduate in Mathematics from New Delhi, and subsequently took a PhD in Spatial Mechanics in Tokyo. She was to spend her 30th birthday on Mars if all went well. However all had not gone well when her fiancée was informed about the mission. The relationship was put under strain and she felt she had to be honest with Mission Control, subjecting herself to strenuous psychological scrutiny all over again, before final clearance.
Pascal Dupree distributed the bio-monitoring devices to be worn by every crew member for the duration of the voyage. They were to be activated after gravity was online. Dupree, although born and educated in France had attained his formidable reputation amongst the Medical elite for his work in China. He had developed techniques in microsurgery which took full advantage of nanotechnology, pioneering recovery from organ failure, which was not thought to be possible. His wider knowledge in viral propagation and genetics made him a stand out choice for the mission in terms of expertise. At 44 he was considered to be at the edge of the inclusive criteria, but was better qualified than most of the selection board to comment on his own medical profile.
Artificial gravity came online without a hitch and medical data began to feed into the Dupree database. A priority rota was established to use the sanitary facilities, which injected a timely dose of humour into the team psyche before communication was renewed with Beijing. When Xiang’s image appeared he was already clutching a considerable wad of printouts. He quickly assured Magnusson that all was well and they needed to collaborate on exact burn requirement to achieve the acceleration/deceleration curve to Mars Orbit insertion point.
The propulsion system was one of the few technologies which had been ‘adequately’ proven prior to launch. Variable Specific Impulse Magnetoplasm Rockets had been tested in unmanned missions out into the solar system and had proved efficient, accurate and reliable. These plasma based propulsion units employed an electric power source to ionise the fuel to plasma. Electric fields then heated and accelerated the plasma while magnetic fields controlled the direction of plasma as it was ejected from the ‘engine’. The main fuel employed was hydrogen, supported with helium and deuterium. Hydrogen is available in plentiful quantities throughout the cosmos. The initial electricity was provided by small nuclear power units.
Xiang casually asked if all astronauts were showing biomed readings within normal tolerance limits compared to their personal histories. Commander Magnusson affirmed they were, except for adrenaline levels, which were proportionately high in view of the excitement generated by the mission truly being underway. “Even mundane tasks like aerobic and muscle exercise sessions are anticipated with enthusiasm. Anyway, I believe we have the velocity curve data you asked for. Here is Carvalho.”
Daniel Carvalho could hardly remember growing up; it seemed as if he was always involved in Space Technology. His father had been with the European Agency and fired Carvalho’s imagination so much it was no surprise that the son followed the father. He had majored in Propulsion Theory and Mechanics in Boston. When his mother rang one day to deliver the fateful news that Fernando had been one of many victims of an air disaster - a company plane which crashed in the Alps, he was temporarily dislodged from his academic pursuit. Eventually he determined to take American citizenship to resume astronaut training and achieve what his father had always wanted – to be part of a manned mission to another world. Carvalho had lived for this time to the exclusion of everything else, and he was still only 27. “All parameters concur with Mission Control Commander Xiang, synchronisation complete.”
“Excellent, please ask Dr. Balinsky to upload biomed stats immediately. Xiang out.” 
“Natalia, sorry, excuse me Dr. Balinsky,” he joked, “the ice man wants your upload – don’t we all.”
“Why don’t you get back to your toy rockets and tidy your quarters or there will be no late movie for you tonight.” She brushed past the crestfallen engineer and proceeded to her station. Born in the Ukraine, she had migrated to Moscow to live with her grandparents when she was 9. Her mother had suffered a comatose existence before her father agreed to terminate life support. The car accident had left her father with a crushed pelvis and future wheelchair prospects. He had overcome this prognosis but never recovered from his decision to end his wife’s silent struggle. When the authorities later revealed that the search for the hit and run driver was to be closed he deteriorated mentally and asked Natalia’s grandparents to help out by looking after her until he could get himself together. He died from an overdose of antidepressants and vodka. It was considered to be an accident rather than suicide; the difference eluded Natalia for many years. She married young and divorced after only 2 years. She was drawn to technically understand how the conclusion of the coroner was so specific with respect to her father’s final cocktail. She specialised in Supplemental Balance in St. Petersburg. Having gained the expertise to challenge the coroner’s finding she also realised the futility of such action. As a result of the emotional vacuum she re-targeted her energy when a government publication featured an article on dietary research for extended space travel. She beat off stiff international competition to get the nod for Copernicus.

Chapter 3

Although Natalia Balinsky had no formal qualifications in mathematics she had a natural ability to recognise number patterns in different ways. A photographic memory of rows and columns was one such talent. As she uploaded the biomed data requested by Xiang, she was disturbed that some of it did not look right. On checking her workstation data with the backup memory chips she kept in her locker, there were subtle differences between the two. Of the seven crew members, five had values marginally closer to the tolerance limits and further from the norm. The other two displayed the reverse. At first she questioned whether she had inadvertently skipped a backup session. She decided to let it pass but make a similar comparison the next time she recorded values.
Alex Redgrave was suffering from the feeling that everyone else was busy with their schedules whereas his would only really start when they arrived in 10 months. Knowing he would have to confront this, Mission Control had decided to leave some of the referencing work which could have been completed prior to the mission, to be executed during the flight. This was to give him meaningful work and have the correlation checks with Beijing as up to date as possible. Alex graduated in Chemistry and Geology in London and his post graduate PhD work had included projects in some historic sites such as Tunguska, Santorini, Krakatoa and the Gulf of Mexico. His remit was to collect samples of the Martian geological makeup and time-correlate the results as well as provide elemental analysis to fill in the planet’s periodic table.
Redgrave, although British born, had spent all of his post grad years working with people from all kinds of backgrounds and disciplines. This had been a factor in his selection. He had demonstrated his ability to bond with team members. The lab equipment on board was impressive but limited by space, weight and support supplies – so the interface back in Beijing was absolutely the best available in both personnel and technology.
Commander Magnusson informed Veltrano that the preliminary rota for personal messaging to family should be distributed, and to inform the crew that this was to be viewed as a flexible situation to allow for changes in circumstances and emergencies.
A week into the journey, Natalia had detected further alterations to the Biomed data. Again there were five showing poor trend and two showing improvement. Only one of the two was the same as the first amendments. Extrapolating the trends would bring the entire crew into a tighter cluster than the actual results. She decided she had to bring this to the attention of Magnusson, and they both agreed to keep Beijing out of the loop until they had figured out who was involved, and why. They also concurred on uploading the correct readings while storing the false ones.
In the formation of the solar system it was believed that Earth and Mars condensed out of the solar nebula some 4.6 billion years ago. Other ‘data’ produced theories about the chronology since then. There was the probability of water 3.8 billion years ago, and maybe primitive life below the surface. Present studies suggested that the lack of a global magnetic field, and the circulation of molten metal in the core, is too sluggish to generate a dynamo. This was possibly present in the first few million years of Mars. Why did it turn off?
One possible explanation is that the planet lost its atmosphere around 4 billion years ago, and solar winds interacted directly with the ionosphere. The current atmospheric pressure is about 1% of that on Earth. A consequence is that any organic material near the surface would rapidly decompose and the surface ‘soil’ would continually be oxidised. This would not support life as we know it. Studying the epochs of the planet led to the following delineation:-
Noachian – prior to 3.5 billion years ago
Hesperian – 3.5 to 2.5/2.0 billion years ago
Amazonian – 2.5/2.0 to present.
In the later two periods there is some consensus on the existence of water flows and warmer periods. The reasoning was based on massive impacts terminating at the end of the Noachian period, and the subsequent prognoses of Carbon Dioxide and water vapour greenhouse effects, which gradually diminish and cease. Smaller impacts at that time would have caused flash heating for thousands of years. Volcanic activity at a much heavier intensity than Earth would have caused a Sulphur Dioxide greenhouse. Overlap of these conditions could have produced another greenhouse of Methane. Although there has been detection of methane in the current era this is not fully explained by the preceding chronological assumptions. 
The loss of atmosphere and resultant radiation levels, coupled with the lack of ability to recycle carbonate rocks (as occurs on Earth), depicts a massive disadvantage in the chance of life as we know it developing and surviving on the surface of Mars. What there is left of the atmosphere is over 95% Carbon Dioxide, the remainder is Nitrogen and Oxygen in the ratio of about 15:1. The distillate of all this conjecture is that any sources of water or life potential are most likely to be found under the surface. However, the harsh surface conditions may throw up elements or compounds not naturally occurring on Earth.
This scenario meant that many ‘boxes’ had to be validated or unchecked early in the landing phase to allow Beijing to compute and modify further searches. This again demonstrated how critical the two month period between Copernicus touchdown and Darwin departure really was.

Chapter 4

More altered biometric data had been discovered and Natalia requested that Commander Magnusson agree further investigation into identifying the culprit. Magnusson concurred and unconsciously shifted the starting point. “Why are you uploading the data when it comes from Dupree’s database?”
She was silent for long enough for Magnuson to think she had not heard the question. Eventually she replied. “Well, it was part of the final division of tasks that Dupree suggested. As he’s the chief medical presence, I support him on dietary regimes. He said it would make sense for me to have sight of the bio data by uploading it, and any recommendations which might occur to me on supplemental advice would be welcomed. He said he would be checking the database regularly anyway, and this way we would both be fully apprised of any abnormalities. It made a lot of sense. It was also approved by Beijing.”
“That may be,” said Magnusson, “but why hasn’t he reported these discrepancies and why didn’t you mention them to him before coming to me?”
Natalia was not too happy with such innuendo but knew it was a valid question. “The aberrations are minor and buried in a mass of figures. I didn’t confront Dr. Dupree immediately because his own data had been altered and I couldn’t be completely sure he hadn’t mistakenly misread some columns or indeed altered them himself. It had slipped my mind that he’d suggested my involvement in the first place, now that seems much more significant.” Magnusson nodded and asked her to request Dupree to join them.
“Commander, what can I do for you? Things seem to be going so smoothly I almost feel a bit redundant. You aren’t feeling unwell I hope?”
As the Commander’s careful revelation progressed, Dupree’s expression changed from furtive to tearful. In the run up to the launch some of his routine one-on-ones with the crew had been interesting, in that excitement and trepidation co-existed throughout the crew. This was perfectly understandable, but in one case, namely Banjani, it was complicated by the breakup of her relationship as a direct result of the mission. “Her blood pressure was escalating steadily and I advised her to reconsider her involvement. She couldn’t do that so close to departure with the attendant effect on morale, and the adverse publicity this would bring to her family. I told her I could not administer control medication as it would trigger her enforced withdrawal. Alternatively once the mission was in process, any medication of that type would be prohibited, as it has no published history in space flight, let alone a year on Mars. She accepted this and convinced me that it was helpful that I now knew about her dilemma; she felt it was obvious that determination to annex the mental conflict would stabilise the bothersome trend. She achieved this and I suspected nothing until we left orbit, when she confessed that she had managed to obtain BP reducers through her own channels. The trend was reversed slightly and her upbeat character was back. I picked up a small deterioration immediately, as she had stopped the pills before launch and she couldn’t risk smuggling them aboard. Faced with the alternatives I perhaps naively believed that she could get on top of this, now that the practical dilemma has gone – as we are on our way. I didn’t want anyone else to be dragged into this so I asked Natalia to simply upload the data I had certified. I don’t know what else to say Commander.”
“Why did you alter your own readings?”
“Merely to convince the backup team in Beijing that there was no cause for concern.” 
“And Veltrano’s readings?”
“Same thing. Readings showing a slight negative trend, and then reversal with two or three people makes the situation more credible. I was intending to correct Veltrano’s and my own as soon as Banjani stabilised, which I still believe will happen.”
Magnusson stared in to Dupree’s eyes and told him to leave until he had considered what to do. He also told both the doctor and Natalia not to mention this to the crew, including Banjani.
When everyone had the messaging roster it was rather predictable that some were unhappy. Carvalho really wanted to let his mother know how it felt to be achieving his father’s dream and he was last on the list. The spreading of sessions meant he had to wait another two days. Natalia was to wait one more day and she had an acute desire to speak to her grandparents now, as she had nobody else. She would not have need to speak to them frequently after this contact, so she asked Veltrano to move her up the list, informing him that both Banjani and Redgrave were happy to swap slots with her.
To her astonishment Veltrano simply ignored the request. When Carvalho heard this, he accused the Comm. Officer of being childish and burdened him with his own desire to switch with Redgrave. Veltrano merely stated that this was not up for discussion. If he really wanted to make an issue of this he should speak to the Commander.
“Who the hell do you think you are? You have no seniority here, and the fact that two of our colleagues are flexible, is helpful to our situation as well as being good for crew morale.” Veltrano stared at him expressionlessly and shook his head. “Ok, if that is the best you can do I will see Magnusson; have a nice day yourself.”
Carvalho told Natalia that he would speak with the Commander on her behalf as well. This was appreciated in view of the bio data episode. Veltrano had not handled this well, but his training extended to security in addition to communications. His remit was heavily defined by Beijing and Magnusson knew of this irregularity (but not the detail). Mission Control had insisted there was not to be haphazard misuse of this facility. They needed to know in advance who was to be in touch with whom, at what time, and for how long. This was bound to seem like overkill at best, and mistrust if it came out in the wrong way. Javier Veltrano had not consulted the crew prior to his production of the ‘tablet of stone’, simply because he did not foresee such an emotional response. “Jesus,” he pleaded to Magnusson, “they are going to be away for the best part of 3 years; what difference does a few hours make?”
The Commander agreed but reminded Veltrano he had himself suggested flexibility with the first roster. “What does occur to me is that some do not really seem to want much communication time at all. This will only complicate matters if we have to follow orders to maintain an unaltered schedule. If we’re to achieve this I think it would be best to help them derive the initial one to their own satisfaction with the caveat that it then remains unaltered.” 
Veltrano objected that this would diminish his respect. Perhaps he should have thought about that before being so intransigent to a reasonable request, and he was told so. “You could have bought some time if you had stopped to think about it. This isn’t some critical failure that requires a risky EVA. You need to revise your view of your function on board. I know you must support Beijing’s needs - so must I - but there are some aspects of a mission like this where we also have to avoid endangering morale, and therefore the objective. Please tell the crew that we’ve discussed the matter and I’ve asked you to come up with a more balanced solution. That gives you the chance to restore any respect you may have prejudiced.”
Veltrano accepted the ‘request’ but was not happy. Unknown to the crew, including Magnusson, he had undergone high level scrutiny and training at a Beijing adjunct of Mission Control, which was staffed by Intelligence agents of the major players in the Confederation of Nations. Magnusson’s ‘request’ could have implications for the rest of his remit. He duly handled the task of modifying the roster and was thanked by the crew, with the exception of Carvalho, who offered no response.
 
Chapter 5

Natalia had spent a lot of her free time looking into Banjani’s historical medical stats to see if there was any clue to her subtle rise in blood pressure in recent months. It seemed to be a fruitless search, but she kept at it mainly because of her memory of her own marriage break-up and the appreciation of how difficult that must be, under the spotlight of the Mission ‘microscope’. Suddenly, certain values stood out to her trained eye and she felt she may be on to something. Banjani’s data indicated a slight but sudden decline in potassium level. Significant falls are a serious problem and levels such as hers would be just about enough to cause mild Hypokalaemia. Common symptoms which can be frequently experienced with this condition are - dry skin, blisters, confusion, anxiety, and hypertension with sleep deprivation. Having spoken with Banjani she learned that her skin was demanding more moisturising cream than normal, she had no blistering or confusion, but had all the other symptoms, particularly sleep deprivation.
Natalia met with Dupree and suggested that they informed Commander Magnusson of the possibility of a simple supplement restoring Banjani’s medical stats to normal. Pascal Dupree was relieved that this may indeed be the underlying cause of the adverse trend and hoped it might mitigate some of the loss of confidence that Magnusson must have in his judgement. When they did meet, Natalia was quite forceful in her assertion that this could have been picked up by Beijing, so by extension of that logic it was not unreasonable that Dupree and herself had also missed the possible connection. Magnusson accepted this point and conceded to delay any disciplinary review until Banjani’s potassium levels were normalised and the resulting BP trend had been studied. 
Dupree thanked Natalia once they were alone and was quite emotional when he hugged her. “I’m merely doing my job Pascal - please don’t get too hopeful yet. We have proved nothing.”
“Yes, forgive me. This is a little premature, but I would be very happy for Banjani if you were right. I am partly responsible for the crew’s health and morale, endorphins and all. Even if it turns out that this is not the cause, your diligence is a great source of encouragement to me that we will identify the trigger for her BP trend. I was looking at the macro interconnections to the detriment of detail effects. I would like to invite you to make any suggestions for overhaul of Beijing dictates we may have over the rest of the trip. Provided the Commander doesn’t restrict my original remit you can be sure that ‘I’m listening’.” 
Veltrano had agreed to the consensus roster and because Natalia had been so busy, Carvalho had first slot. Veltrano had copied Beijing into the order and time schedule. Only Xiang at Mission Control had security clearance for this and he passed it on to Mission Intelligence then erased his copy. The MI boys had a sophisticated diversion transmission chip installed at the residences of all of the crew’s nominated contacts. As far as the families were concerned the main Beijing technical people had simply installed the basic hardware on which they could speak to their loved ones in privacy. This was ‘precautionary’ because of what was at stake and would give MI any hint of emotional variance in the crew when compared to their routine formal reporting. Why would there be any variance? ‘Who knows?’ was the answer.
“Hi Mama, it’s Daniel. Sorry I haven’t had a chance to say hello before now. Everything is going well and as the Earth is shrinking behind us I can see why Papa wanted to do this so badly. It’s like nothing else I’ve ever known, and I’m somehow less and less worried about the potential dangers out there. Anyway, the propulsion systems are behaving themselves but the big test will come when we get close to Mars orbit.” He was extremely conscious of his mother’s natural anxiety, having lost her husband on a completely routine flight. Just as well she was nowhere near capable of understanding the degree of theoretical design which the mission depended upon.
“You make us all proud here Dani; you seem to be on the news every hour. I hope you stay fit and healthy with all that experimental food. Your face looks thinner.” He convinced her that it was picture distortion and reminded her that as the mission progressed they would not be able to have real time conversations because of the delay in the signal reaching Earth. They would have to send pre-recorded messages. She couldn’t grasp this too easily and said she didn’t have that problem with his sister in Australia and that was a long way away. He smiled and they talked about his nephew and two nieces before saying goodbye. He felt really relaxed now that he had made this first contact ‘on behalf’ of his father and still could not comprehend how Veltrano could have been so insensitive knowing his history. He was still smarting from his altercation with the Mexican.
Natalia was next to play E.T. and call home. Her grandparents were extremely relieved to hear from her. Having already lost one of their children it would have been exceptionally distressing for that horror to be followed by such fate for a grandchild. “I’m settling into my work now that we’ve left Earth and the rest of the crew is similarly engaged, so the time passes quickly. Everything has gone like clockwork since launch. The synthetic food isn’t going to be welcomed, but the short time we were on it back on Terra will mean we know what to expect.” They both laughed at this and she was reassured that they seemed so relaxed. Although they had been aware of Nikolai’s prostate problems for some four months, they had kept it from her as they knew such knowledge would have resulted in her pulling out of the mission. They both raised a healthy measure of Vodka to her, but sipped it slowly and resisted the temptation to throw the glasses at the fireplace. Olga put that down to her husband needing some new laser eye treatment, and her estimation that he would have probably hit the cat, which was the same colour as the fireplace. Natalia was so happy that they were in such good spirits and slept much better than she had expected.
The velocity following the burn had gradually increased to circa 80,000 kph and was expected to peak at just under 120,000 kph after 2 months, then gradually it would be reduced to 75,000 kph just prior to Mars Orbit Insertion in 10 months.
Natalia acquainted Banjani with her prognosis that she was a little low in potassium and prescribed the requisite supplemental dosage. Banjani was quick to enquire if she had run this by Dupree and very happy to try it out when the answer was in the affirmative. There was no need for any hint to Banjani that anyone other than Dupree knew of her predicament at this juncture.

Chapter 6

Copernicus was almost at the halfway point and the crew felt the mission had been routine. The exceptions were – breakdown frequency of the sanitary systems, a micro board failure in life support regulation, and the strained interpersonal relationships. The first two were annoying but were easily fixed. The difficulties in crew morale were becoming a cause for concern, not least of all to Magnusson. The positives were there too; Banjani’s blood pressure had normalised. Natalia’s supplement prescription had corrected the worrying trend and this had fostered a close friendship between the two. As a direct result, Magnusson informed Dupree that he would not be making a report on this in his log. Dupree was visibly relieved, and this ‘burden removed’ signalled a vigorous and thorough communication of personal medical data and wellbeing to the crew on a regular basis, to fit with their duties. It was well received and impressed Commander Magnusson.
Carvalho and Redgrave had managed to strike up a rapport around sport, number theory and the projected advance of artificial intelligence. The first two were shared interest, the latter a complete disagreement but total respect for the other’s argument. The bad news was more complicated and under the surface, yet still observable as a strain. Veltrano was a loner, and despite the enormous amount of effort by the Commander to involve him in group activity during leisure time, he remained aloof and distrusted by everyone except Redgrave. The others perceived him as an outsider, an inspector, an auditor - but falling short of being a spy. Strangely, this matched his view of his own purpose on the mission. To him, Communications Officer meant to Mission Control.

Magnusson kept asking himself why this lone furrow tendency had not been picked up during training, and he then entertained the notion that it may have been planned. He periodically asked Dupree about Veltrano’s med stats and always received the same assurance of ‘fine’.
Availing of psychology experience in the field he decided to ease off a little and concentrate on the others. Carvalho had been so dedicated to getting to this point in his life that he had not had a relationship with a female other than casual speed dating contacts. He had repeatedly tried to correct this on Copernicus by flirting openly with Natalia. When he was rebuffed in the presence of others he displayed juvenile traits of sarcastic defensive rudeness, forgetting that he chose the public forum. This was an escalating problem in a closed environment. He really believed that ‘no’ meant ‘yes’. Natalia had not had a successful relationship since her short marriage despite trying with several physically and culturally attractive men. Upon reluctantly resorting to a therapist, she recoiled at the suggestion she may always be comparing her suitors to her father, and finding that they came up short. Over time she began to accept this may have some validity when allied to her main upbringing being influenced by her grandparents, and its continual reference to her missing father, then her dead father who may have committed suicide.
Although she had initially found Carvalho attractive and liked his sharp sense of humour, the goldfish bowl effect did not allow any relief from his constant presence, and ‘cheap’ pursuit of her affection so publicly. It had eventually affected Redgrave, and his defence of Natalia was offered with the potential cost of some deterioration in his own friendship with Carvalho. Banjani vociferously belittled Carvalho when she was present to the point that he kept quiet in the First Officer’s orbit. This burgeoning soap opera culminated in Carvalho privately and confidentially asking Dupree for something to calm his nerves and thereby his unpleasantness. Dupree was understandably reluctant to get involved in a second clandestine mission of mercy without first briefing Magnusson. He promised Carvalho he would look into it with some urgency.
Alex Redgrave’s correlation work with Beijing had been temporarily halted because one of the pieces of analytical equipment had developed a fault. The science lab was part of the Descent module, and to save resources, including energy, during the flight, the temperature and life support facilities were on an automatic cycle. Redgrave had to plan his work to that schedule. Sometimes it was when most of the others were sleeping and as he had to exit the command module after checking the conditions were normal in the science lab, the opening and closing of the pod’s pneumatic doors was not conducive to uninterrupted sleep. He was asked if he could alter the pre-set cycle to a more considerate one for the rest of the crew.
In discussing this with Magnusson he succeeded in getting the OK for a three week period. The caveat was to involve someone else to ensure secondary checks with the system alteration. This was to comply with safety directives. The candidates most obviously qualified were Veltrano and Carvalho. The former was preferred by Commander Magnusson for two reasons – his higher maths and code structure experience and the chance to draft him into a team project. Initially it went well. Redgrave actually managed to demonstrate that the sporadic fault with the NMR (nuclear magnetic resonance) equipment was related to the automatic cycle which had been chosen in the first place. The recommendation was for the cycle to be abandoned until the correlation work was completed. Veltrano disagreed, saying that resource economy was critical and the correlation should wait until the science facility was on Mars, where solar power could be used to complete the analytical tie up task. He further argued that there would be a time gap between planet arrival and the drilling phase for samples. This would easily be adequate for a programme which was only included in the flight schedule to keep Redgrave busy. Having considered the alternatives, Magnusson felt that Veltrano was right and suggested that Redgrave could usefully assist with some other duties for the remainder of the flight.
Redgrave was less than happy but concurred with the logic and agreed, however when this was aired over dinner Carvalho predictably stated the conclusion was invalid. If he had been consulted he would have demonstrated that the Beijing ‘belt and braces’ paranoia over energy conservation was ridiculous. The small nuclear power units to run the habitat, lab, and other ancillary equipment such as the drillbot were well overdesigned. Additionally, in his humble opinion, the fractional increase in consumption of life support facility that Redgrave needed to complete his work would be substantially if not totally recovered by the algae farms they were to construct on Mars. His estimates of growth and oxygen recapture from these expanding farms were persuasive. He felt good about dislodging Veltrano’s dogma. “What if the power units are damaged during descent and landing?” queried the Mexican.
“That is an Armageddon situation which would kill the entire mission and all of us, so it’s not really a factor in this context.” Magnusson agreed and changed his decision to get the equipment correlation over with quickly, and then they would know the net resource deficit as soon as possible. Veltrano shrugged his shoulders in a gesture of ‘you are the boss’ and displayed a facial expression of defiance. This however would not be the end of the matter. Veltrano reported this detour from agreed protocol with Mission Control, without informing Magnusson, stating that as Commander he should have sought approval to implement this.
The fact that the ever increasing distance from Earth and the need for pre-recorded messaging was in operation complicated matters. Having real time face-to-face discussion would have been preferable, however the time delay had introduced the wisdom of hindsight and helped justify Veltrano’s fifth column role in the eyes of Beijing Intelligence. This would produce an uneasy situation for Xiang and a Big Brother one on board Copernicus. Veltrano could have handled this better. He however, felt Magnusson should face that accusation. Significantly, so did Mission Intelligence - particularly Wes Allbright, the USA presence in that arm of Beijing.

Chapter 7

The discussion between Allbright and Xiang was heated to say the least. The Mission Controller agreed that Magnusson should have discussed any proposed protocol overrides, but criticised Veltrano for his covert reporting of this to Security, by-passing both Magnusson and himself. Xiang told Allbright that morale in such a disparate crew was fragile and needed support, not such divisive behaviour. This met with accusations of naivety with such a sloppy chain of command. In summary the disharmony was now cemented in both locations. Xiang’s dilemma was whether or not to tell Magnusson, and, if he did, whether he could recommend keeping the crew in the dark. By contrast Wes Allbright was only concerned about protecting Veltrano’s actual brief.
After sleeping on it they compromised on Xiang asking for a full brief of the mission status at the halfway point. This gave Magnusson a chance to report the problem and proposed correction strategy. Allbright was to instruct Veltrano to make future communications of this nature with his commander present. Unknown to Xiang, a subsequent transmission to Veltrano thanked him for his correct view of reporting this incident, when he established that Magnusson had not.
********
The wry smile reinforced Veltrano’s interpretation of his own remit. The procrastination over this relatively minor change had done nothing to address sleep deprivation of the crew and consequently exacerbated Veltrano’s alienation by those affected. Another source of irritation was the duty rosters and available hygiene facility. With five males and two females privacy was not optimally linked to individual duty breaks. Magnusson asked Banjani to look into this latest kindergarten squabble and come up with some revision which ‘did not require Mission Control debate’. 
 The new roster separated the hygiene slots by gender to avoid some of the previous embarrassment, and some of the affected routine duties were adjusted to fit. One of the first female sessions found Natalia undressing as Banjani exited the sonic shower. Natalia was taken aback at the First Officer’s apparent indifference to being completely naked while conversing about minor adjustments of orbit insertion creating a disproportionate amount of work for little gain. She was also startled by her colleague’s breathtakingly beautiful body - a slender athletic build and exquisitely proportioned. Natalia did her best to concentrate on Banjani’s words and not allow her gaze to linger on the impressive physique.
“My neck is aching from just following the simulated trajectories for the last three hours, and these Sonics don’t really relax you like a genuine hot power shower.” Natalia immediately regretted suggesting a neck and back massage, realising she would have to perform such a potentially intimate contact. She stuttered something about part of her medical training involving remedial conditioning. “That sounds like heaven; do we have time before the testosterone brigade reclaims the hygiene territory?”
“Err, no n-not really,” retreated Natalia. 
“Pity. Would it be an imposition to ask if you could do it after dinner in my quarters – if you are free, of course?” Natalia affirmed that it would be no problem and they agreed a time. She entered the shower having undressed but protected with a robe, not wishing her own rather elegant body to be subject to similar inspection as her friend’s was. When Banjani had left and she was alone again, Natalia simply could not erase the vision and had to confess to herself that she was experiencing arousal. This was new and quite disturbing. Sudden panic set in anticipating the actual massage. As she got ready to leave the locker area she noticed something different about her locker content. Not the items, but the way they were stored. This was a similar type of observation which had first pinpointed Banjani’s potassium deficiency. Her photographic memory of order and her own tendency to arrange all things systematically convinced her that someone had been tampering with or inspecting the contents. When she realised her lab coat had the collar next to the door and not adjacent to the rear of the locker, she immediately checked the left side pocket for the memory pod. It was in the other pocket. Why would they transfer it? She found out why when she interfaced it with the system – it was blank. Several uncomfortable minutes passed before she decided it may have been switched with hers to enable copying and then would be re-switched as soon as possible, or possibly she was supposed to believe that she had inadvertently wiped it herself by mistake. It was probably the latter if they had chosen the hygiene scenario to act, as it would be another 24 hours before a similar opportunity arose and she would have accessed the pod frequently before then. So - did they want to lose data rather than gain it?
Who were ‘they’? Logically, Banjani had the best opportunity as the locker key was left in the lock when Natalia had entered the shower, and she was unsighted inside the cubicle. Banjani was gone when she came out. It was compelling and yet she did not want to believe it. She could remember a considerable amount of the data in terms of trends but not specific numbers. She also knew that the culprit would know this was only a backup pod, so it could imply a similar desire to corrupt the main database. She could not go to anyone with such a preposterous story based solely on hypothesis and no evidence. This had also taken the edge off her anticipation of the forthcoming massage. This brief deliberation was interrupted by someone pressing the entry request to the facility. She was relieved when it was Dupree, avoiding a potential one-on-one with Carvalho. “Scrub up Comrade.”
“Oui? Merci bien ma Cherie - 15 all - D’accord?” She poked her tongue at her ‘boss’ in a good humoured gesture of insolence and returned to her quarters.
.
Chapter 8

After he had ‘scrubbed up’ Dupree headed for his arranged session with the Commander. Once he had relayed Carvalho’s request for medication to Magnusson he accommodated the long silence from the Swede without concern. Eventually the response came. “Why do you think he came to you?”
“I thought I had just explained Commander, he wants me to....”
“No,” interjected Magnusson, “why do you feel he needs to unburden himself like this? He’s always been very confident in his own view of everything, to the point of arrogance, or at least insensitivity”
“Oh,” said Dupree, feeling caught off guard, “I am not really focussed on psycho-medical analysis; I tend to diagnose, prescribe and treat.” Seeing that the Commander was totally unimpressed with his response he made the compounding error of trying to convey a relaxed demeanour when he actually felt the briefing was descending into an interrogation.
“I know we are all supposed to be ‘mission proofed’ by our training regime but that is not in any way something which can be guaranteed. I’m rather alarmed that you take such a simplistic view of your role in a situation that none of us have experienced before. I suggest you consider what really made him lower his guard like this. It’s called bedside manner.” Dupree could have done with a tranquiliser himself. Magnusson asked him to stall the medication until more was known about Carvalho’s sudden vulnerability. He also referred to his frequent questioning of Veltrano’s med stats, revealing that this was also to try to fathom the Mexican’s aversion to team ethic; something which should have stood out in the Earth preparation simulations, like a nudist at a funeral.
Dupree uttered a feeble apology that he had unconsciously blurred the difference between psychoanalysis and bedside manner, probably because he had assumed rock solid personalities were a given in such a mundane journey, more likely that ‘wobbles’ would occur in tense scenarios like landing. Magnusson checkmated this dismissive attitude by referring to Dupree’s misdemeanour with Banjani’s blood pressure. The Commander looked right into his eyes when he declared, “Technically, as I’ve already said, you were in breach of protocol with your initial cover up of this, but you might have otherwise deprived us of the best available First Officer. You were lucky that Natalia found a benign explanation and we were lucky we did not have a last minute re-shuffle of personnel to deal with. Look for explanation, we will re-visit this soon.” The ‘Doc’ felt like a profoundly relieved patient and once again set out to regain the Commander’s confidence. It was time for that Beijing update session, with the time delay making its own mischief out of an already apprehensive atmosphere.
********
Xiang opened the transmission jovially and casually asked if everyone was beginning to enthuse about the upcoming orbit phase. Magnusson affirmed this and reported that the journey had been virtually ‘bug free’ and therefore bordering on monotony in recent ‘days’. Before Xiang could interrupt Magnusson continued. “We have only one malfunction to report…the NMR analyser has been misfiring and we pinpointed the auto-cycling of the Lab conditions as the problem.” He went on to explain the discussions in detail, first going with Veltrano’s recommendation, then being persuaded by Carvalho’s logic, to revise his decision. He further stated that he would appreciate Beijing’s viewpoint, and if they felt it necessary he was happy to have detailed counter logic to revert to the original plan, or even postpone the equipment correlation until touchdown, as Veltrano had originally recommended.
Roberto Xiang was visibly relieved at this unsolicited report from Commander Magnusson and shot a predatory glance toward Allbright, who was off camera and not visible from Copernicus. He went through many routine details and checkpoints with Magnusson, and concluded by thanking the crew for their patience with all the minor calculations of orbit insertion projection - calculated and compared from both locations. It wasn’t just a drill, but did embrace that aspect if unforeseen factors emerged on approach to the red planet; the time delay at that point may prove critical. It made sense.
Magnusson was pleased and closed by reminding Xiang of the secure one-on-one session Mission Control had requested, prior to orbit insertion, to bring him up to date with personnel data. He added that he was saying this within earshot of the crew, and the cam panned around to show the Copernicus family waving to Earth reception. “They are smiling now but wait until they see their report.”
The open way he referred to morale, med stats and teamwork, betrayed no clandestine motive. It had been planned before the mission, everyone knew about it. That was not how it was perceived by Allbright. After the session was concluded he felt Veltrano was vulnerable. His praise of Magnusson seemed a little too enthusiastic to Xiang but he let it pass. Allbright had to figure out if indeed Copernicus and Mission Control did have a designed option of secure contact which eluded his people’s elaborate snooping. He was angry that he did not have detail on whether this had been anticipated.
Natalia decided to apologise to Banjani, because something had come up. “Can we reschedule?”
“Of course, just let me know when you are free.” Natalia had been tortured by the thought that the person most qualified to get in and out of the system without leaving log in evidence was Veltrano. She was not convinced that Banjani had sufficient motive for this action. Her synapses were ablaze with patterns of behaviour of the crew and what possible explanations would connect any of this to the pod. When she checked the system herself there was no obvious evidence of tampering but this was a cursory check, a comprehensive trawl would take hours, it had to be done.
Surely Magnusson was above suspicion? She had to tell him? Tell him what? She would know when the time was right. When Dupree asked her about Carvalho it was innocently disguised to determine if her constant rejection of his crude flirting might be part of his reason for requesting medication. She, however, overlaid this with a motive for the pod swap. It only occurred to her later that there was no evidence she could recall on the system which would indicate he had a problem. Dupree’s unconscious prod had forced her to go over the whole motive issue again before comparison with behavioural observation. She was approaching cerebral meltdown so she would sleep on it.

Chapter 9

Wes Allbright was checking on pre-agreements with the big four leaders on the limitations of Mission Control on political matters. He asked Karl-Jens Koppelt to remind him of the various situations falling within this umbrella. The German-born Swiss national was concerned that Allbright had not requested this in the context of some possible breach rather than a blanket query.
As Copernicus was approaching orbit, the first relevant stage for the M.I. people was landing. Once established on Mars there were types of information which the crew may uncover which needed scrutiny by Intelligence, before release of such data to the world at large. Examples quoted were evidence of life, past or present, or a scenario of poor potential of colonisation. There were many more, and therefore the communication protocol would alter after successful landing to include Allbright in every update from the Mars base. The individual channels between crew and family homes would cease, the relatives would be flown to Beijing, and again Allbright would supervise the playbacks and edit out any unsuitable revelations. Similarly he would post-edit the families’ recordings before transmission. The stakes of this project were so high that if the landing was unsuccessful or tragic, this would not be revealed openly. It would have to be managed to avoid any premature alteration of the follow up mission. There was also a requirement to continually monitor any behaviour which might indicate terrorism on Copernicus or in Beijing, or even political/financial advantage accruing to any outside entity. Naturally Xiang and Magnusson were ignorant of these policies. Allbright instructed Koppelt to stay vigilant, and to continually remind the American of the importance of required censorship.
********
Natalia decided that the risk of not telling Magnusson about the pod switch was potentially more damaging than coming clean and later finding he could be involved. The Commander did not react at first, then asked if she was absolutely sure she was not mistaken – a valid question. She convinced him by several references to her own ‘obsessive’ need for order. She was more likely to forget the colour of a fire engine than the order of the three kings in a poker hand. He was disturbed, but not as much as she expected. The first priority was to stay alert and keep this to the two of them for now; they could endanger lives if they lost focus while approaching orbit. He suggested they met regularly but casually, to compare notes, and he then made a strange request. He was worried about Dupree, and acquainted her with the Frenchman’s lack of appreciation of his responsibility, especially the need to look further than pills when people are acting out of character in asking for help. Magnusson regretted having to burden her with such sensitive information, but he had to put the crew morale and wellbeing first. The bombshell was that he wanted her to second guess, when asked, Dupree’s recommendations in similar circumstances. It was irregular, but so was hurtling toward a planet possibly incapable of sustaining life, which commanded priority. She had to agree. Magnusson promised to give her his input on her ‘Sherlock’ quest.
Carvalho and Redgrave were playing chess when Veltrano interrupted to report an LED flashing red. “I am not observing, merely passing a message from First Officer Banjani.”
“Who are you passing the message to Senor?”
Veltrano did not overreact to the heavy sarcasm when he replied. “Apparently it may be related to propulsion variance. Anybody know anything about engines?” Carvalho angrily rose from the table, deliberately colliding with Veltrano and knocking him over. “Sorry mate, you did say it was urgent didn’t you? Here let me help you up.” Veltrano smiled but declined assistance. When he was alone with Redgrave he casually asked who was going to report this to the Boss, adding that he had a choice – to be witness or accuser.
With the orbit insertion approaching there was excitement mixed with apprehension, and any glitches with propulsion would shift the fulcrum significantly toward the latter. The warning signal occurring when propulsion was not operational was unusual. Banjani pointed at the helm display. It was indicating pressure variation in helium storage – vessel one, which would normally suggest a leak. It was puzzling that the external detectors did not confirm that as a cause. Carvalho’s first reaction was that the LED had an intermittent fault. Rather than replace it with a spare he decided to swap it with its duplicate on vessel two, which was apparently functioning normally. “I’ll inform Magnusson after I’ve checked telemetric data on the main control system.”
“OK, please get back to me when you have any further information, because you know that Beijing will insist on hundreds of repeat simulations if any parameter changes.”
Magnusson asked Carvalho if he had considered the pressure aberration could be valid and the external detector faulty. “Yes I have, and I’m not entirely ruling it out, but I would estimate the reliability of the detectors to be an order of magnitude greater than the pressure monitors. Also if helium was escaping I would not expect the LED to flash at irregular intervals, it should be constantly lit. Either way Commander, I think that we can only be certain if we go in there and look, check it out and change the unit. I can also ask Alex to come with me, and use an atmospheric density gauge to improve the prognosis of whether helium is present before we enter the storage section to carry out my tests. Protocol demands we have two people on any task like this. I must admit I always felt these stipulations were overkill, but this shows that I was wrong.”
Magnusson was impressed with his focus considering he had asked Dupree for help. “Fine Carvalho, I’ll contact Beijing immediately but don’t let that hold you up. We can’t afford to have any potential helium leak merrily vaporising in our midst while Mission Control debate all possible causes. Stay in communication with Banjani continually and ask Veltrano to patch me into the loop in the message room.”
“Sure. I have to checkout telemetry before we suit up so you may want Banjani to organise Veltrano. That will save Alex time in detecting any density irregularity, therefore leak?”
“Good idea, let’s go.”
Banjani briefed Veltrano and he privately welcomed the chance of a ‘happenchance’ meeting with Magnusson to get the Commander to ask why his cheekbone was sporting a medical dressing, applied by Dupree.
Carvalho quickly briefed Redgrave and told Banjani that she should switch the LED on his signal. Redgrave was quite excited about having something really necessary to do now rather than at his leisure, and he decided not to mention Veltrano’s threat to report Carvalho to the Commander at this time, as it could easily affect his judgement. Anyway, the childish duel they had nurtured deserved no attention, let alone urgency right now, although he would be forced to tell it as it happened when the time came.
When they exited the airlock and entered the propulsion section they quickly adjusted their oxygen supply to auto, and made their way carefully to an observation port where they could look at the storage area before opening the dividing door. If there had been massive escape of liquid helium, the point of leakage would betray some observable turbulence as the liquid/gas interface equilibrated. The monitoring camera was at the opposite side to their observation port and consequently could not offer conclusive evidence one way or the other. They could not see any such rippling effect so Redgrave proceeded to open the door. He placed the wireless gauge close to the bottom of vessel one and set the data transmission cycle to his palmtop and made his way back to join his colleague. With the light coming from the other direction now he reported seeing his own ‘footprints’ as a slight sweat. He also said that he saw what looked like the track of a snail near the door. Looking up, it appeared that some sealant had ‘dripped’ from a conduit which was to deliver fuel to the main propulsion area. He stopped, waved at Carvalho and pointed upwards, but Carvalho shrugged his shoulders and motioned to him to come out as he reopened the door.
When he had explained his discovery Carvalho nodded but said they must first tell Banjani to swap the LED if his palmtop indicated constant density. After some twenty readings there was no measurable change and Banjani started the switch. Meanwhile, Redgrave’s report of silicone sealant breach had caught Magnusson’s attention during his transmission dialogue with Xiang. He asked Redgrave if it was from the actual conduit or the seal around the ‘hole’ in the partition wall. The reply was simple - it was very close to the hole and looked like part of the cushioning for the conduit, but the light was poor and their helmet torches were too dim to be sure. “OK, get out of there and we will make a second investigation.”
By the time they returned to the helm, Banjani had good news; the LED was flashing to say vessel two had pressure variation. Carvalho gave her the spare and left to report to Magnusson. When he arrived his stomach churned as he noticed Veltrano’s face. Magnusson’s words surprised him. As the Mexican had been with the Commander at the time of Redgrave’s discovery, Veltrano had considered this a bad time to file a charge against a colleague on an exercise which could make him a hero for a day. So he had told the Commander he had inadvertently walked into his open locker door in hygiene. This of course was at odds with what Redgrave had seen and what Veltrano had initially told Dupree. “Despite his mishap, Veltrano insists he wants to help further investigate this ‘snail trail’ and he is fixing up a fibre optic device with sufficient flexibility to illuminate the entire circumference of the seal, so we can remotely monitor the situation. How long do you need?”
“Three hours, maybe four.”
“Well then, both of you get to work on it while I give Beijing the shits.” As they left the Commander, Carvalho was first to speak. “I owe you one, why?”
Veltrano responded. “I really don’t know, I guess when you are all in danger you see things differently, and as they say in my country ‘it takes two to tango’ so let’s get the fairy lights up and see if we can dance, or whether we have a big problem, deal?”
“Let’s go,” agreed Carvalho.

Chapter 10

Having reported the ‘podgate’ episode, Natalia was more relaxed and her thoughts involuntarily returned to her intoxication with Banjani’s presence, naked or otherwise. Prime suspect or not, she had to avoid deluding herself about her feelings. The butterflies in her stomach betrayed a newly found attraction. It was alarming yet pleasant that this was intensely physical, something she had not experienced to this level with any male. Her discipline and objectivity were under siege. It was utterly impossible to sleep. The massage was beckoning but she would have to lead the conversation to determine any involvement Banjani could have had in the ‘incident’. Natalia fixed a time convenient to both of them and decided a good starting point for the dialogue would be the recent scare about the helium leak.
Veltrano was just putting the finishing touches to his optics device when Carvalho entered his workspace. “Just a few more minutes and we can go,” beamed the Mexican. His former adversary had been presented with time to fathom Veltrano’s newly found team ethic and affability. There was something strange about the abrupt U-turn in his demeanour now that the relief of explaining the altercation was not an issue. Despite this nagging doubt he wanted to make the most of the olive branch and he knew he needed to ‘grow up’ a little himself.
“Anything I can do Javier?” he asked timidly.
“Yeah, can you bunch those ones neatly and use some of that tape to keep them together at one end, but separate the other ends by colour.” They worked for a couple of minutes in silence then Veltrano asked Carvalho to feed the taped end through a transparent plastic tube until he could make the appropriate connections to engage the relay software. He then picked up his portable ‘light box’ and declared the rest could be done at the investigation site.
Carvalho assisted as requested while Veltrano arranged the mock up around the sealed area, and they exchanged pleasantries about the influence of their respective families on their careers. When the setup was completed there were no high fives, but the sense of achievement was tangible.
“What exactly are we looking for?” enquired Veltrano.
“Well, Alex is really the one who can explain any chemical breakdown of the seal and he is already examining fragments of what we scraped off the floor earlier, but this optics rig will hopefully give us a picture of the mechanics to go with his findings.”
“Right, I’d better get back and implement the final remote link up. I’m curious to see the outcome…you will let me know if Alex comes up with anything?”
“Absolutely. As soon as we know.” 
Xiang was visibly relieved that there was no helium leak and said he would contact the sealant supplier to ask for their comments. He also wanted his people whose job it was to oversee the sealing operation, to investigate this failure. He said he would come back to Magnusson to report any progress. The Swede noticed some unusual body language from the Controller, and pondered over Xiang’s pre-mission request to contact him on a secure channel with the personnel reports. He was a little disturbed at Xiang’s uncharacteristic vagueness.
Dupree was not good at putting people at their ease while teasing out of them what was really bothering them. He was a fact and action Doctor and he consequently would have a difficult task with Carvalho, especially after the fracas. To his amazement his patient was apologetic about the incident and also declared he no longer wanted to register for medication. He put the request down to a feeling of ‘let down’ after the euphoria of fulfilling his father’s dream. The journey had been mundane and lacked the anticipated stimulation he had imagined. The recent panic had reminded him of the tenuous existence they were in, and he would settle for boring again. On giving this feedback to Magnusson, Dupree had no knowledge of Veltrano’s white lie over the conflict with Carvalho, and unknowingly informed the Commander of the truth. Magnusson, drawing on his psychology experience let it pass without comment and thanked Dupree but stressed the increasing need to be vigilant for signs of anxiety in all of the crew. Reflecting on this when he was alone, he preferred not to raise the issue again, and determined to build on this mini-crisis to get Veltrano more involved in broader aspects of the mission.
Although it was not strictly necessary for a back and neck massage Banjani stripped off to the waist and innocently said, “Which way do you want me?” Natalia asked her to lie on her stomach and maintained her discipline by insisting that an effective massage should be at least a tad uncomfortable. “I will only decrease the intensity at your request.” As the preparation was gradually infused into her aching body Banjani quietly moaned and remarked on the sensuous aroma of the cream. “It’s my own formula. I think you are probably inhaling the vapour of sandalwood oil, and the good news is it lingers in the epidermis, even after normal showering, so it will stay more potent with the Sonics.” Banjani was drifting almost ethereally when she was grounded by Natalia’s voice.
“I will be stepping up the pressure shortly so I will keep talking to distract you from any perceived discomfort. What a collective adrenaline rush we had with the Helium saga and Daniel’s tiff with the Mex.”
“Mmm. I was the first one to see the LED was indeed faulty and only then did I relax sufficiently to feel tenseness in my shoulders again. That sounds so contradictory, almost as improbable as the new bosom buddies in the ‘A Team’. At least it might stop St. Daniel hitting on you.”
“I can hope. What a lame tale Veltrano gave the Boss about bumping his head on his open locker door. Nobody would swallow that, and anyway - who leaves their locker door open?”
“Well you do for a start,” said Banjani, “when I left you in the shower I could not believe the pile of stuff you had in there.”
Natalia feigned ignorance. “Oh God my smalls, inhalers and gym gear were in there, and the workout suit needs washing, I wish.”
Banjani went on. “I did get a waft of something as I closed the door. This massage is glorious; I hope you aren’t going to stop anytime soon.”
“Not too invasive then?”
“No way, it’s very pleasurable for mind and body.”
Natalia thought carefully. “Strange – it was still open when I came out of the shower….sorry, it was open again. I never gave it a thought until now. I should check if anything is missing.”
“Really, it was open? That sounds creepy, were you in the shower long?”
“Yeah, probably felt like five to ten minutes.”
Banjani stirred and sat up confronting Natalia with an eye level close up of generously proportioned breasts swaying imperceptibly, as if they were in slow motion zero gravity. Natalia disciplined herself.
“Can we do this again Natalia, or am I being a pest?”
“Of course not, just let me know when you feel the need.”
“Can you do whole body programmes?” she asked, with no inference of embarrassment either way.
“I guess so,” replied Natalia in a casual disinterested manner, “see you then.”

Chapter 11

As orbit insertion was nearing. Magnusson received a transmission from Xiang stating that the sealant company could not offer any feasible explanation and they had requested exact temperature and pressure readings. Beijing’s own team however had some notation from the sign-off sheets that one can of the sealant cross-linker was different to all of the rest. On reporting this to the supplier the reply assured them that this was only a very slight colour difference and was normal batch to batch variation, with no difference expected in the curing process. The trial results had concurred with this so they went ahead. It was baffling.
Xiang closed with a strange remark. It referred to a handwritten note of farewell he had given Magnusson a few days before departure, wishing him and the crew a safe journey, and how much he wished he was 20 years younger. The reference stated that it was in times of concern over every little thing which did not conform to expectation, to keep the big picture in focus.
“It might be worth another read if you still have it. Anyway I’ll be back with final orbit preparation checks soon.”
When Magnusson located the personal letter he was perplexed. There was no such reference to the big picture in the letter. This alerted the Commander that his previous appraisal of Xiang’s body language was correct. Something was definitely not right with the Controller. Magnusson had assumed the original request for personnel reports on a secure channel meant secure on the Copernicus, now he was not so sure. He would wait until he received the next transmission before asking for clarification.
Meanwhile, Redgrave had solved the mystery but not the problem. The ‘rogue’ sealant cross-linker did not show curing abnormality in the lab, but when he introduced the raw edge of the laminated partition material which was exposed to the sealant at the hole around the helium conduit, it was a different story. The uncured sealant, as applied, suffered migration of some inhibitor from the laminate during cure. This had left the sealant closest to the conduit only partially cross-linked as the migrant antioxidant blocked the curing reaction. The various vibrations during the mission had dislodged some of the uncured polymer and it had slowly succumbed to artificial gravity and headed for the floor. Projecting with some guesswork, the effect of the variables, Redgrave concluded that if left ‘as is’ the conduit would gradually abrade its way through the remaining sealant. The process would accelerate as more sealant was dislodged because of more space within which it could vibrate. Then there was the problem of loss of sealant causing inadequate containment of any fuel leak which may yet occur.
Magnusson felt he had to call for a ‘think tank’ session on Copernicus before informing Beijing. Nobody had any immediate feasible suggestions, but Veltrano asked Redgrave if his projections could be firmed up by observing the degradation via his fibre optics device, especially if they recorded the remote pictures and then applied a mathematical extrapolation of the initial curve. Redgrave had not considered this but agreed it would be useful. Further discussion was not fruitful, other than Carvalho’s unpopular statement that turning off artificial gravity would surely slow the drip effect. His argument was valid; furthermore, it would have to be switched off for the months they were to spend on Mars, otherwise they may not be able to return home after the ascent back to Copernicus. The only other option, if Redgrave’s fears were confirmed, would be to return via the Darwin. As this had very wide ranging implications for the entire programme, Beijing needed to know before descent plans were initiated. This could also split the crew with respect to their feelings of the merits or futility on continuance or aborting the mission. Magnusson needed to have his one-on-one with Xiang.
********
His transmission let the Mission Controller know that he was alert by thanking him for the good advice in his letter, especially keeping the big picture at the forefront of his mind. As he appended this to the main message detailing the sealant dilemma, it came over as a genuine morale boosting tactic and nothing more, to any prying eyes. Xiang was relieved at Magnusson’s astuteness and now knew he had his secure channel; he could use the letter to construct a code which only the two of them could decipher. However the more pressing matter of the sealant prognosis was to dominate all transmissions until decisions had been reached and agreed.
********
Veltrano had confirmed to Allbright that nothing had been held back from Beijing, so for now at least they were all on the same team. Xiang’s people could only extrapolate data that Redgrave transmitted; they could not collect it themselves. Their estimate with the help of the world’s best mathematicians was even bleaker than Redgrave’s own simple calculation. As a consequence, the decision was taken to switch off gravity earlier than planned with all its attendant disruption to the crew.
********
 The footage from Veltrano’s fibre optic monitor showed no advance of the problem. The debate over this raged in both Beijing and aboard Copernicus. Carvalho argued that zero gravity had slowed or stopped further dripping of the partially cured polymer. Redgrave disagreed, maintaining that the removal of a centrifugal force would cause a temporary change in dynamics of the polymer flow patterns, but it would then assume a new pattern, perhaps of spreading rather than dripping. The heated exchange was punctured when Veltrano, in his own way of minimising melodrama announced that the optic feed had ceased. He didn’t know why and volunteered to return to the fuel storage section to find out. Magnusson stated the obvious, that this would be much trickier with no gravity. He also agreed it had to be done.
Carvalho accompanied Veltrano again, and with meticulous care they finally accessed the target area. Having inspected the optics rig, Veltrano switched places with Carvalho and asked him to say nothing. “Just look and we will head back.” The rest of the crew was huddled anxiously around the remote viewpoint and the Commander was repeatedly asking for an update, but neither of the inspection team appeared to be able to hear him. When they had disrobed from their suits they were met by Magnusson who simply said, “Well?”
“In your quarters would be better Sir,” whispered Veltrano. Carvalho nodded in accord. Once the door was closed Veltrano took a piece of paper and wrote the words – ‘manually disconnected’. The ramifications exploded in Magnusson’s mind. He could not even exclude the two with whom he was now discussing the sabotage. He muttered a sentence in Swedish, which was a little disturbing for the other two. Then he thanked them and asked them to leave him while he mulled over the next steps.
The former adversaries went to the hygiene section to clean up and took advantage of the privacy to speculate on whom? Why? And any connections back on Earth. If they were to exclude themselves and Magnusson it did not leave any logical suspect, especially as it would have needed a suit up and some agility in zero gravity for one person. 
The Commander had to let Beijing know, but was now sensitised to the probability that someone in Mission Control was an accomplice to whoever the culprit was on his vessel. He assumed that Xiang had kept a copy of the farewell letter, but did not want to alert any eavesdropper to the potential coded messages. He made a unilateral decision, telling the crew that he had to restore gravity with immediate effect, pending further Beijing analysis and recommendation when Earth was informed of the optics failure, which of course had not yet happened. This was to be a short term action because there were tasks to be carried out which would be jeopardised by zero gravity. He was bombarded with questions from the crew about the reason for the failure, and why couldn’t they just install another one? Magnusson promised to answer them as soon as gravity came back on line, and headed for the message room. The questioning turned to Veltrano, Redgrave and Carvalho. The latter was about to break ranks when his new friend interrupted and lied about having already started a replacement unit. He emphasised that time was of the essence, and he and Carvalho must get on with it, adding that he must avoid his schoolboy blunder with the phasing this time. He was gambling that three out of the four would buy this, and the other one would know sabotage was under investigation. While they pretended to remake the device Carvalho said, “That was quick thinking compadre,” indicating he had realised it was a ploy.
“Daniel we have to be realistic here - we might be more successful if we look for the reason rather than the person right now, and it may point to odd behaviour. There’s a lot to gain and lose with this mission, depending on your perspective.”
Carvalho was beginning to see Veltrano’s detached behaviour in a whole new light. Magnusson wanted to tease the code implications out of Xiang, before exposing the sabotage. He of course did not know of the Veltrano – Allbright link. That link was also under review from Veltrano himself – had he been used? For now he would not contact the American.
********
This of course infuriated Allbright and he arranged an urgent meeting with Karl Koppelt. Although they did not yet know of the sabotage element, Allbright wanted to know if any of the reported problems qualified for intervention. Koppelt shook his head. “They are all operational malfunctions and there is no doomsday scenario so we do not yet have a mandate to muscle in.”
“Not even with the protocol breaches?”
The Swiss was unmoved. “You’re the boss, I am merely your walking bible, but if all you have is the one in which the Commander took decisive action in a potential crisis, then informed Mission Control to see if they agreed or whether they wanted to reverse his action, you are on thin ice. I would distance myself from such groundless claims.” Allbright huffed and puffed and paced the room.
“Perhaps if you told me what you want to achieve I could home in on detail which would contribute, rather than quoting the book at you.”
“Not possible at this juncture Karl, you know how it is.”
Koppelt cast his eye over this brash ego, masquerading as an example of the future of intelligence work, as it ploughed its furrow in the pile of the Chinese rug. He mused, ‘So this is what I was passed over for. That is a serious indictment of those responsible for J. Edgar Allbright’. “Yes I do know how it is, so unless something else comes up I suppose we will meet again after the landing.”

Chapter 12

Magnusson informed Xiang of his decision to re-establish gravity until the optic device was reinstalled. He was not going to reveal the sinister situation just yet, hoping that the Controller would initiate coded transmissions. In fact he had already decided to do so. First he translated the contents of the letter into Chinese, changed the addressee from Magnusson to his own family. He destroyed the copy of the original and hid the Chinese version. He had thought very carefully before opting for an ‘obvious’ place, in his unlocked drawer beside his console in the main operations room. He had unscrewed the nib and ink capsule from one of his many fountain pens and inserted the furled letter in its place. These pens were accompanied by ball points; many pencils with graphite variations and a kaleidoscope of coloured highlight markers. Finally he re-wrote the letter to Magnusson with a different content but included that false reference to the big picture to enhance the fake. He kept this decoy in his jacket pocket at all times.
His reply to Copernicus acknowledged the gravity decision. He informed Magnusson that although it was late in Beijing (23.00) his team of 4 which was trying to replicate the conditions of the sealant under-cure and subsequent breakdown, were close to their final accelerated test cycle. He mentioned that he had contact with 3 separate experts in crosslinking mechanics and effects of contaminants which could cause steric hindrance in the sealant cure reaction. “Please keep me updated with any new developments, the orbit decision is looming.”
Magnusson looked at the transmission over and over, then he realised he had never received anything from Xiang containing numbers except in word form, e.g. three as opposed to 3. The number form was generally reserved for appended reports from his subordinates quoting values and equations.
This must be it. He retrieved the letter. 
Word 23 They
Word 4 Watch
Word 3 Me
He now felt distinctly uncomfortable but at least he could let Xiang know of the sabotage without compromising the Controller’s position, even if it was in cryptic fashion.
********
When Allbright had examined Xiang’s transmission he focussed on the words ‘the orbit decision is looming’. What decision? Just a few days ago we were talking orbit insertion and trajectory corrections, what was going on? The more he reviewed the last few days’ exchanges the more he convinced himself something had got past him. The letter referred to by Xiang was personal, and on reflection it was irregular, especially as it was encouragement expressed over a minor problem. He had the scent and asked his second in command to summon a former colleague in the USA to Beijing. This was someone he could depend on to ferret out the origin of the smoke, without the self-righteousness of Koppelt.
********
When Xiang saw Magnusson’s reply he ‘decrypted’ the relevant bits to reveal ‘problem situation not true’. This confused him but he knew the reference letter afforded a very limited vocabulary. He replied with a verification of orbit approach adjustments to confirm the separation sequence for despatch of the habitat, lab, and power supply units to the surface. Separation of the descent/ascent vehicle from Copernicus would be addressed following successful landing of those units. The coded part read, ‘I get it’. 
He concluded the message verbally with the assumption that gravity would be switched off in twelve hours and remain off until the return to Earth. “I trust this will allow you to complete your Optics replacement. It looks like we may have found a way for Beijing to monitor the sealant situation if Veltrano can make some adjustments in the time before separation. We will send through the list and procedural backup as soon as possible.”
********
Magnusson figured that every hour which elapsed would box them further into an orbit and landing sequence with a renegade crew member who may be in a position to prejudice the mission, and their lives. He decided he had to take a gamble to narrow down the suspects, as Xiang’s position in Beijing was encumbered by a similar problem, and they could not unravel the saboteurs on their own in time for him to neutralise the culprit aboard Copernicus. It was a gamble but he considered the recent behaviour of Veltrano to be indicative of innocence, and he could not have said that a few weeks ago.
“Veltrano, we know there is a rogue crew member, but why did you tell me a false tale when your injury was caused by Carvalho?”
“When you realise your life could be in real danger you re-evaluate your priorities. I had intended to report him but he was working hard to protect us. I was obviously shaken by the deliberate disconnection of the optics, and this underpins the need for me to make you aware of something Commander. Part of my initial brief was to keep a close watch on adherence to protocol and any crew wobbles, morale and mental condition. I have a direct communication link to Beijing Intelligence which has a similar watching brief on Mission Control. I have reported a couple of events, nothing serious. However as I’m aware that Intelligence is alert for other aspects such as terrorism and financial gain in the form of intellectual information value, I’m alarmed that my contact has either no idea of our saboteur or they are fully aware and instructing their mole. I know this must be sickening for you to hear but it is better that you do know. There’s no point in me apologising for my role, we all have information on a need to know basis in Intelligence. I knew the score…I’ve been in the job long enough to be philosophical about the deception but not the wrong kind of landing on Mars.” This was a lucky break for Magnusson. “What have you told your contact of the sabotage?”
“Nothing. As I said I’ve had to re-prioritise my ‘loyalty’ if you can accept such honest duplicity. That is why I have discarded my cover.”
“Then I must test that honest duplicity. I need to know your contact.”
“Wes Allbright. He’s one of a hierarchy of ‘official mission spies’ – they are all heavyweights, his is the only name I have. Your man Xiang is under increasing scrutiny and has to be careful so as not to invite interference, or worse. He doesn’t know of my brief.” The Commander entertained a silence of considerable duration. “I’ll check out what you have told me.”
“How?” said Veltrano.
“That’s not important for now.”
“Yes, but if you alert them, you will complicate matters to the detrim........”
“I know,” snapped Magnusson, “you’ll have to trust me on that one, just as I have to buy into your confession. We - you and I - must begin a process of identifying our cuckoo. Let’s begin by pooling our knowledge to try to eliminate any individuals we can, there’s not much time.”
There wasn’t too much to go on. Magnusson told Veltrano of Natalia’s pod mystery. The Mexican said that it was a start but may not be linked; it might have been related to Banjani’s med stats.
“How did you know about that?”
“I’m the Communications Officer and I was able to access the data as well, comparing printouts, and I could see discrepancies made by Dupree.”
“Did you know that they were picked up by Natalia?”
“No, I detected no alterations from her laptop. Dupree’s were made direct to the main system. The passwords are ridiculously easy to crack.”
“What do we find when we look at opportunity without knowing the motive?”
Veltrano believed that the incidents may have involved different people because there did not seem to be any common effect of the consequences. The med stats meddling started before the mission and had a credible altruistic motive. The pod switch was different insofar as it has until now not shown any altered data. Magnusson wondered how he knew that. The faulty LED had not yet been analysed to determine if it was a routine failure or planned to trigger an investigation which would reveal a mission-compromising problem. The only definite act of sabotage which could be proven right now was the optics disconnection. If the LED failure had been intended to cause panic, it had not accounted for the logical response and subsequent discovery of the more serious problem of the sealant failure. There was also the timing of the latest difficulty – right before the most complex phase of the entire voyage.
“We’re missing something critical and I believe this sealant scare has the key.”
“Ok,” agreed Magnusson, “let’s look at opportunity for the discovery of the LED all the way through to the present.”
Banjani alerted Veltrano who was closest to her, and asked if he would pass the info to Carvalho. There was no urgency implied. Carvalho was the one who thought through the possible causes before proposing his plan to the Commander. He requested Redgrave’s presence and expertise with the density gauge. They investigated together. Redgrave found the drip and analysed the residue. Veltrano and Carvalho fixed up the optic monitor. The same duo found the sabotage. There was very little opportunity for disconnecting the optics whereas there were many windows for tampering with the LED which prompted the sealant sequence. Veltrano suggested he should examine the original optics feed, back through the relay, to see if he could identify the time of disconnection, then account for everyone’s whereabouts around that period.
As the signal for preparation of the landing sequence had come through, they had run out of time to work together, and Magnusson asked Veltrano to continue alone while he took up his post to oversee the operation.
********
They were not going to know the identity before the landing attempt. The good news was that Xiang had conclusive information from his simulation experiments of sealant failure, which was corroborated by his independent experts. It was complicated and the Mission Controller felt that detailed discussion should not distract the crew’s concentration from their critical task ahead. Suffice it to say the findings indicated a high probability of the seal remaining uncompromised for the return journey home. The countdown could start. Magnusson had to be vigilant for any unusual signs while retaining his crew’s confidence in his conducting of the orchestra.

Chapter 13

Magnusson had briefly considered telling the crew of the sabotage event before the landing, to let them know that there was a mole of some kind in their midst, and more significantly to confirm to the mole that he was on the case. He decided against this as the separation and landing sequence not only required zero gravity, but all personnel had to be strapped into their seats in the command section. With everyone in the same location and the various sections landing prior to orbit insertion of the Copernicus, and undocking of the descent module, he felt this was a better gamble. Before taking his seat, Veltrano passed the Commander a message stating that he could only pin down the loss of optic feed to a period of approximately three minutes and at a time which made it difficult to account for everyone’s whereabouts.
Only three of them were ‘hands-on’ in the sequence - Magnusson himself, Banjani and Carvalho. Veltrano could keep an eye on the others. The Lander went first, followed quickly by the Habitat section. The pre-programmed interval and burn control were crucial, not only for atmosphere entry and velocity deceleration gradient, but the ultimate proximity of the landed sections. The Lander had automatic cable laying robots to connect to the Habitat, but only a finite length of power cable they could rollout. There was extra cable in the Habitat storage, but again this was limited by bulk and weight. After what seemed like an interminable descent watched by cameras in the command module, and the inevitable agonising settling of the dust clouds generated by the thrusters - the visuals confirmed the telemetry - the hypercones had done their job and phase 1 was successful. Magnusson was relieved and cast a glance toward Veltrano which was reciprocated as if to say ‘two down, two to go’. Fortunately there was not much time to dwell on the first achievement, before they had to address orbit insertion, which was a theoretically more proven exercise than the one just completed.
The burn however required extreme precision and was effectively in the hands of the instrumentation. Knowledge of the false fuel leak raised concerns of different kinds in the minds of the crew. It went without a hitch and Magnusson could announce to Beijing that Mars Capture had been achieved. There was the expected euphoric reaction at Mission Control; their mapping system indicated this event before they heard Magnusson’s words. On board Copernicus, the sense of relief was more dominant. Preparation for separation of the Descent/Ascent vehicle now loomed and with it the importance of landing at the prescribed co-ordinates, as close as they could to the optimum distance between the drilling area and the Habitat.
The feverish obsession with this final phase helped blank out the unknown true efficiency of the hypercone technology. They could not know yet if any of the already landed units had suffered damage. Concentration levels were so high that few words were exchanged, save the necessary confirmation at each parameter check that it was ‘on target value’. The deployment of the hypercone was, however, more severe in terms of perceived braking than any of the simulations on Earth. Temporary fear of the outcome gripped those who were not engaged in continual monitoring of the plethora of data from the control displays. Then it was over and the subsonic parachute warning told them the most risky phase was accomplished. The remainder of the descent was fittingly gentle and before the obligatory dust cloud had settled, there were tears mixed with sheer elation and humility at being the first of our species to truly visit another planet. Not just a proclamation by flag; a temporary home, a new frontier.

The first step on to the red soil was traditionally the honour of the skipper but he insisted that they form a chain by hand-holding as they descended the steps from the Descent vehicle. They were in a crater about 7 km in diameter and it was difficult to spot the Lander or Habitat in such a monochrome planetary indentation with rising extremities. It didn’t really matter as Carvalho activated the robots remotely and the dust trail gave away the location. The distance between the Lander and Habitat would soon be evident as the robot seeking software led them to their target. It turned out to be a short trip but not quite as short as Natalia thought. “The distance is deceptive from here,” said Carvalho, “the time taken and velocity tell me it is about 0.8 km.”
Just then Magnusson received an alert that a message had been received from Earth. He instructed the others to divide the tasks of ensuring the power was connected to the Habitat and employing the Rover from the Lander to load up cargo from the Descent vehicle for transfer to the Habitat. The cargo and supplies from the Lander could come next.
********
The message was not from Xiang. He introduced himself as Allbright. The cam was then panned to show Xiang sitting adjacent.
“Commander Magnusson…the reason for my presence will become self-evident when Xiang updates you. He will continue to be your reference point on all operational matters of the mission. There may be other requirements of communication and to that purpose, please get Veltrano to make contact with me as soon as possible. I will now pass you to the Mission Controller.”
Xiang went directly to the sealant research. “I am sorry to tell you that we have irrefutable proof that none of the components of the partitioning, either singly or in combination with one another, could possibly affect the cure process of the polymer. We can only conclude that there is no such degradation. If that is correct, then, as I said before landing, you should not encounter any problem relating to the false prognosis on your ascent for the homeward journey. This leaves us with the probability that Redgrave has for some reason created a bogus situation which implies danger rather than the existence of real danger. We are advised by Intelligence that this kind of thing is not new to them, and they will handle that side of things from now on. Wes Allbright will brief Veltrano separately and he will work with you on this. It is not planned to alert Redgrave that we are cognizant of any of this. However, he must be observed and directed very carefully by Veltrano and yourself, no one else is to know until you hear to the contrary. Regular reports of your observations will be valuable to us. We don’t know how long it will take to run to ground any connections he may have back here. One last thing on this, which I hardly need to say, if he becomes a serious threat to the rest of you – then you must take whatever steps you deem necessary. Veltrano will be issued with the same responsibility. I’m obviously appalled to give you such wretched news at a time when the population at large celebrates your first step to ensure mankind has an alternative future to contemplate. This euphoria they enjoy is supposedly rooted in unprecedented uniformity of objectives to preserve this planet. I’ll expect your response within one Martian day Commander.”
********
A pensive moment helped Magnusson to skip telling Beijing that he was already aware of Veltrano’s situation. That could have complicated unfolding events, and they needed to be in every loop on the rest of the mission. He digested the implications of this revelation and sought out Veltrano. “I knew there was something we missed,” whispered the Mexican.
“Sorry, what are you referring to?” replied Magnusson.
“The NMR equipment was faulty; it consumed excess energy. Carvalho convinced you that it was a minimal consideration. We can’t be certain that the equipment is properly correlated. Maybe this is a campaign to cause worry and loss of confidence in the mission rather than be seen to openly jeopardise it. I’ll make my contact with Allbright and get back to you Commander.” 
********
Allbright had his sidekick in operation now. Xiang’s findings had given him the legitimacy to intervene and bypass Koppelt. Jack Northgrave would now be assigned to get everything known about Redgrave into their analytical division, and attempt to quantify any remaining risk to the mission, and just as critical, any underlying agenda.
Allbright’s contact came and Veltrano conveyed the suspicion of equipment correlation corruption, which he and Magnusson would like Xiang to investigate, via a decoy request from Beijing direct to Redgrave. Allbright told Veltrano to divert all transmissions from Redgrave to himself so that it could all be evaluated before passing it on to its intended receiver. Veltrano assured him he could probably do this if he could get Magnusson to pin Redgrave to a personnel session of up to an hour.

Chapter 14

The extra power cable was transferred from the Habitat to the spare space in the Lander now that the robots and Rover were out. It had become a valuable resource especially with the task of unhinging the lab section from the ascent module, and robotic transfer to cabling distance from the Lander. It would also be locked inside and the only keys would reside with Magnusson and Veltrano. The power generators in the Lander were to be fitted with access codes to the controls, the codes themselves known only to Carvalho and Magnusson.
With the Habitat, Lab and Power supply all operating to specification attention was focussed on the exploration and drilling programme. The site was a ‘safe’ distance but reasonably close to West Candor Chasm. The Rover was to work in tandem with the Robots to clear the area of loose rocks and mark out sifting bays to avoid clutter and unlabelled samples finding their way into the Lab, which was now a Rover journey from the drill site.
********
Allbright was in ‘full on’ mode at last. He briefed his own team on Veltrano’s concern about lab equipment correlation. Toshihiko Taniguchi offered another possible motive for the ‘alleged’ misfiring of the NMR unit. “As the fault was registered early in the mission it could be a planned precedent and if repeated in the actual sample analysis nobody would question the validity of the claim. An intermittent fault is convenient to cover many possibilities. Failure, unexpected values, bogus results, disagreements over accuracy and affecting the confidence in the mission, are all able to be manipulated, especially as he alone has all of the Martian samples.”
Allbright called Xiang into the meeting and exposed Veltrano’s concern and request to somehow construct a correlation trap for Redgrave. Xiang nodded and expressed agreement with Taniguchi’s line of reasoning. As he was about to leave Allbright checked his exit by asking if he was totally confident in his own specialists working with Redgrave. “I’m not disputing their expertise, but I can’t discount the possibility of an accomplice. We will refer to the original screening and run our own. Don’t worry…no one will know unless we unearth a problem - sorry about the pun - and you will be first to hear.”
Xiang could not dispute any of this; nevertheless he was beginning to feel increasingly out of his depth. Allbright also had a conundrum insofar as his remit clearly stated his duty of care to the Confederation of Nations on all matters of mission security. His experience however told him that premature claims and involvement of politicians was extremely dangerous. He was also sensitive to the probability that any remotely competent organisation behind this subversion could be banking on this.
********
The Habitat offered a little more space and privacy than the living quarters of the main spacecraft. This was a happy marriage of necessity and psychology. After months of living in an ant’s nest, and the building tension of the landing sequence the more interesting, comfortable and sanitised phase promised a feel-good factor. Natalia was secretly hoping for an early massage request. Dupree would have more potentially meaningful checks to perform, maybe even the odd bruise or scrape. Banjani was excited by the exploratory capabilities of the Rover and Carvalho had some toys to maintain with his robot buddies. Magnusson and Veltrano had their distraction of the simmering investigation on Mars and Terra. Redgrave visually exuded an air of destiny. This was his time of centre stage and he was determined not to let it shrink to an Andy Warhol moment.
When they all arrived at the edge of West Candor Chasm it could only be described as a collectively stupefying experience. The scale and beauty of topography, diffuse light, and colour was beyond belief, especially when set in its context of unchanging monochrome.
Photographs were never going to do justice to this utterly breathtaking vista but they had to be part of the mission, and the intensely personal transference was manifest among friends for the duration of silence that prevailed. No one wanted to be first to pierce the ambience with mere words. Smiles seemed to be appropriately respectful of this wonder, while some thoughts were no doubt meandering towards the age old debate of omnipresence.
At last Magnusson called for Carvalho, Redgrave and Veltrano to prepare the site for the drilling control units which were to direct the actual drillbot. He told the others to return to the Habitat location and begin to assemble the algae trays. Some were to be kept in the habitat itself, others to be set out in the Martian atmosphere, albeit with hi-tech units to give protection from anticipated dust storms and more importantly intense solar radiation. The integral photo-voltaic panels kept the internal temperature significantly higher than ambient. This in turn would assist condensation after the warmest part of the day. Experiments with increasing levels of the red soil were to be studied to evaluate the sustainability potential of the new world. This was to be done concurrent with soil analysis results from Redgrave. Future oxygen capture from any of these ‘seed pockets’ would be greatly improved if water was discovered. The supply of water for the crew was secured. There was a very limited quantity set aside for nurturing plants. There were plans to recycle urine to produce experimental quantities of liquid stripped of much of its soluble solids content. Nanotechnology had offered breakthrough techniques. Collection of the urine was not expected to be subordinated to privacy or embarrassment, so they employed a similar allocation of hygiene facility as on board Copernicus. Subsequent transfer to the pilot stripping plant in the lab was not the most popular duty. Some of the recovered liquid could be stored outside and conveniently frozen by the Martian climate at night but with the requisite nanoprobes, it could sustain liquidity for many of the planetary days. Chunks could be brought into the Habitat to help those trays flourish. The nanoprobes were developed specifically to dramatically increase the algae’s low temperature resistance, and act like a chemical catalyst to lift the photosynthesis efficiency by a significant order of magnitude (x4-5). Their design was engineered following growth experiments at arid sites, the hot desert in Israel, the cold desert in the Arctic. The real elegance of these nanoprobes however was their ability to exchange moisture content with the surroundings, including microorganisms. Like an organic building society they would lend and borrow moisture from the mini-atmosphere of the trays, triggered by condensate. This was regulated to the photosynthesis cycle and carbon dioxide demand, in plentiful supply from the Martian atmosphere. The exchange mechanism could not be supported indefinitely and the nanoprobes themselves would slowly degrade, but newer versions were being developed on Earth to arrive with Darwin. It was therefore still a massive priority to find Martian water. The second phase of more complex plant life depended heavily on such discovery. Ultimately they would need to construct ‘greenhouse’ facilities to scale up successful specimens if initial oxygen harvesting was ever to become more energy efficient.
Carvalho was itching to ask Veltrano for an update, but patiently ploughed on with the drilling assembly. Redgrave assisted them until he received a call from Banjani that there was a message for him in the ascent module. She would ask Dupree to come with the Rover and pick him up shortly.
When Indira and Natalia were alone they began talking about their loved ones at home and what they might be thinking. “My grandparents will be so proud, without really understanding what a tenuous flirtation with oblivion we have come through,” Natalia enthused, “how about you?”
“My parents will quietly be thinking about their little girl, and now I have done something special they will probably never see me in the same light. That is more than I can say for Mali.”
Natalia felt the need to tread carefully. “Mali, is that your fiancée?”
“Was,” admitted Indira, “we parted on bad terms. Oh I’m sure he will think it is recoverable, a little blip, but this was the most important step in my life. We’re both streaked with selfishness, however I know I wouldn’t have reacted the way he did if the roles were reversed. I could never be happy in such an emotionally confined relationship. They say you have to live with someone to really know them, I guess that’s true.”
Natalia felt a sudden overwhelming compulsion to hug her friend but fought off the potentially awkward moment and agreed. “I have had exactly the same disappointment with all my relationships with men, some casual, others a little deeper. Maybe we are part of a generation of women who’ve come to demand individual recognition to the point of marginalising ‘family structure’ until or if we become ready. I’ve basically conceded to myself that I’m unlikely to find a man who will value interpersonal feelings with anything like the same rank as I do. They must be out there somewhere, just as the next Einstein will be, and the chances of me snaring one of them are statistically insignificant.”
Banjani was intrigued by Natalia’s philosophical surrender. She was intelligent, attractive, engaging and oozed strength of character. Perhaps she spent too much time in her self-analysis. “How many men are we talking about?”
“Err, lots,” was the sheepish reply, “but they never got to the level of intimacy I hoped for.”
Indira said she did not want to pry but asked, “You never had sex with any of them?”
“That isn’t what I meant by intimacy, of course I had sex with a couple of them but I hated it because it was devoid of any special feeling or bond. Before you say anything I know there are women who prefer intercourse more when it is casual, spontaneous and not inhibited by straitjackets like monogamy. I sometimes wish that was me, it isn’t. In fact one of the more promising candidates only told me he was gay when, after two dates, we seemed to be heading for the anatomical test drive. He thought I knew but I just could not see it, he was gorgeous too.”
“I know exactly what you mean. There’s more intimacy in kissing than wham – bam intercourse. Although, I do have to confess, I am ‘one of those women’ who likes uncomplicated sex. I’ve been so focussed in my life on all things career that I found ‘deep and meaningful’ got in the way. Yearnings needed to be addressed and I found that passion could be a temporary substitute for building relationships. If I found a man really attractive and his desire to have me was setting off alarms I could truly climax several times. This was not possible with Mali, yet I loved him. I don’t think our prayers will be answered on Mars. You have already discounted one admirer and I don’t have any!”
“Hope springs eternal Indira, let’s at least put this algae stuff to bed.”

Chapter 15

Redgrave scratched his head. The message read – ‘Please retrieve sample 24d and re-test. Could you on this occasion hold up the printer trace up to the camera, as well as sending the numbers? We have noted some change in our retained portion since we first tested it together, and then split the sample. We need to know if you have picked up the same change or whether yours has remained unaltered in the inert atmosphere of the lab unit on the journey. Sorry about this Alex, but the only other explanation we can entertain at the moment is that one of our lab team has managed to inadvertently mislabel the sample. As you are aware 24a, b, c and d are shades of the same grey. Please give this priority and inform Magnusson. Apologies. Ayrton de Santos.’
This was obviously designed to give Magnusson valid status in Redgrave’s mind to take a closer interest in his work. Redgrave found this extra chore annoying when he was poised to collect his first Martian samples. Magnusson employed his psychology chip and said, “I don’t see why Beijing’s cock-up should rain on our parade. Go get yourself a couple of rocks and then do what they asked.” Redgrave smiled and thanked the Commander. He rejoined Veltrano and Carvalho. The gesture ‘added innocence’ to the exercise. Magnusson took the Rover back to what they now referred to as Marineris Central. The drill site took on the spookier mantle of Pandora’s Rift.
Having finished the drill setup programme, Carvalho gave Redgrave the go ahead to cycle through the test run procedure and then Veltrano would finalise the comm. link between control and drillbot. This allowed Carvalho to start something he was really looking forward to, modifying the robots to each carry two people. This would give the busy crew three runabouts for the steadily increasing number of tasks planned for the coming months. He was making good progress with the foldaway arms when he caught a glimpse of Veltrano remonstrating with Redgrave. He had temporarily switched himself out of the conversation loop to concentrate on the robots.
“What is going on?” he muttered as he rejoined them.
“I’m sorry,” said Redgrave, “now can we get on with it?”
Veltrano turned in frustration to Carvalho. “He almost went over the edge because he was eager to see the drillbot descending, but he hadn’t harnessed himself to the frame as I had told him to do several times.”
“He’s right Alex, I could have finished these robot modifications in half the time by ignoring protocol, but I need to be here tomorrow to do something else of equal importance. We need you to accomplish one of the most important parts of the mission.”
“OK Daniel, I know he’s right, it was silly. But Jesus, he has been going on about it incessantly and threatening to report any further infantile behaviour to the Commander. I mean, give me a break. This is like my honeymoon, climbing Everest and scoring the winning goal in the Cup Final all rolled into one. I got excited, excuse me.”
They all looked at one another in silence and then burst out laughing. They picked up where they had left off and with Redgrave now secured, he dropped the drillbot on to a beautiful turquoise ledge at what looked like one fifth of the way down. The various colours were now glinting as if they were flashing messages to some far away receiver. The sun was streaming its light along the line of the chasm and it was even more mind-boggling than their first sight of its splendour. The recovered crystal was safely labelled and Redgrave decided to go deeper. There was a vein of red which he could not resist. The drillbot took much longer to prise a sample from the mother lode but it was worth the effort. The red was swirled with orange, and a greyish-white speckled the inner cut surface, but not the exposed face of the crystal. They were interrupted by Magnusson’s voice. “We have retrieved the magnetic boots from storage and we’re losing light now. You guys should be heading back.”
Carvalho answered, “Another ten minutes and we can all come back with ‘our own wheels’, how about that?”
“Fantastic, but take your time when driving, spacing yourselves out might reduce dust interference.” So it proved and the returning crew parked the vehicles in a queue next to the charging bay. When they were all together again Magnusson declared that they should all prepare messages for folks back home. Beijing had been alerted. As they dispersed to prepare their transmission drafts Veltrano told Magnusson he had to ‘fix’ Redgrave’s contact routing and he needed the Commander to ensure he was kept occupied. As Veltrano himself needed no personal transmission other than to Allbright, it would make sense if Redgrave was last and Veltrano preceded him. Magnusson spoke to Redgrave and expressed interest in the sparklers he had acquired, so it was not perceived as a problem when the message order was read out. Redgrave was bubbling with desire to get on with analysing the crystals, but Magnusson reminded him of the Beijing sample 24d request. Redgrave hung his head in mock schoolboy pique and Magnusson chuckled as he thought, ‘could this guy really be a saboteur’? 
Magnusson decided he would send his personal transmission first and finish off the session with his operational report. In between he called on Redgrave to check the status of the re-test on 24d. Redgrave retrieved the original data he had sent to Beijing for this sample. He said that the repeat came out identical, so the Commander took both traces with the numbers and said he would include them in his overall summary to Xiang. “Hopefully that means the problem is at their end and we can now get on with our job, keep me updated on the crystals.”
********
Jack Northgrave had initially struggled to gather any relevant information on Redgrave. One of his people had obtained the birth certificate copy initially presented to the Beijing selection processing unit, and discovered a slight difference when comparing it with an original obtained from the UK. There was a spelling error in the hospital name where the birth was induced for an emergency caesarean operation. A handwritten ‘ch’ had been mistaken by the copier for a ‘ck’. An easily understood error if you did not know anything about UK hospitals. It was a long shot but on checking the hospital records it was discovered that a baby named Alexander Patrick Redgrave had only survived for three weeks, and a copy of the death certificate was supplied. So who was on Mars?
It would be necessary to obtain something from the personal possessions of the impostor as a new starting point. Xiang obtained clearance to inspect the training village apartments where they spent their last weeks prior to the mission. If this proved unfruitful, they would have to resort to snooping on Mars with its accompanying risk of alerting Redgrave.
When Ayrton de Santos received the transmission of the repeat testing of sample 24d he was alongside Xiang and Allbright. His request for the re-test had contained a statement which Redgrave should have known was false. There never was any sample 24d. An error had been made at the Beijing lab in preparing the test sheets to be completed by both parties in the correlation. A box was marked 24d and it had been noted that Redgrave’s returns included a result for such a sample. At first they merely thought that with over a hundred samples to test and the misfiring of the NMR, he had simply and innocently figured he had somehow lost one. He knew that the ‘other three’ in series 24 were virtually identical so it was no big deal in terms of correlation accuracy. Now that he had been given the chance to come clean, he repeated the deception by supplying another test run on one of the others. Beijing determined that this was 24c.
When the traces were examined the Earth time and date seemed as if they were deliberately obscured. The final damning point was that series 24 should have shown some difference with time, as it was part of a study of biomass breakdown efficiency of waste. This was for future treatment facilities on Mars. Beijing needed to know the effect of zero gravity space storage. Redgrave had no knowledge of this. When Magnusson was asked to check the true date/time of the traces and if sample 24c was there, he confirmed both traces had the same chronology marking and 24c was not present. Close examination of 23d looked as if the labelling had been altered. Nobody could think why he would continue with an apparently meaningless charade. 
However as the NMR was not involved in this part of the correlation, it fostered suspicion that there must be some connection with his reporting a fault with this particular equipment and his agenda.

Chapter 16

Around the centre table of the Habitat, Dupree, Banjani and Natalia were mulling over whether they could call it a day on the algae trays. Dupree disappointed the others by airing an idea. “It was not in the directive but maybe we should consider taking soil from some way under the surface as well as selected topsoil from various locations. On Earth there is a lot of difference between the surface and a metre down.”
“Yeah right,” moaned Natalia, “how do we get down that far while we are in suits? Apart from the hazard of compromising our life support with an accidental puncture, we don’t have suitable tools to tackle compacted sub surface aggregate. Anyway if......”
Banjani jumped in, “What about Alex’s drillbot?”
“That’s it, we only need small amounts for lab size experiments,” enthused Dupree, “come on Natalia we can use our medical knowledge to good use here, with the help of Alex and the agreement of the boss.”
Natalia wearily agreed and Dupree shuffled off to see Magnusson. When they were alone Banjani said, “It could be rewarding, because it is going to get boring if we don’t have a hobby of some kind. It will also justify my massages instead of being a mere indulgence.” Waves of alternate interpretation of such a suggestive comment percolated in Natalia’s imagination. “I think we’ll both need restorative therapy if the Commander buys Pascal’s brainchild.”
********
There was little evidence of Redgrave’s existence at the apartment block, never mind incriminating proof of any ‘alias activity’. The frustration was building when Northgrave asked the obvious question. “Where did the astronauts deposit their personal stuff that needed protection? I mean things they could not take with them but required a safe haven, like passports, bank account data, insurance documentation, last will and testament etc.”
“At the vaults in the basement of this building,” whispered Xiang.
“Who has authorisation for inspection?” asked Allbright.
“Well,” replied Xiang, “there are various contingency provisions but mostly related to the mission status. The individuals can give permission but they would need to know why.” Allbright terminated the discussion with a nod and disappeared with Northgave. “I’ll get Magnusson’s permission to get into the main vault for his stuff, as a decoy, you have to get into Redgrave’s box. We can’t risk exposing any crucial information to others at this stage.” 
********
The next few days went by slowly. The Martian day was only thirty seven minutes longer than its Earth equivalent, although a year comprised 687 Earth days, meaning that there would in theory be little variation in the one Earth year stay. Redgrave had now assembled many collectibles in the holding bays at Pandora’s Rift. About half had been relabelled and transferred to the lab. He was to take a break from drilling and analyse some of the samples. Magnusson had approved Dupree’s request to fit in with Redgrave’s time in the lab, and with the proviso that Carvalho was with them to provide operating help and ensure safety procedures were understood. They were only to drill within a distance from the Rift that did not require moving of the control setup.
The analytical lab equipment included – 
ED (Energy Dispersive X-ray Spectroscopy) for determination of elemental distribution.
FTIR (Fourier Transfer Infrared Spectroscopy) for determination of chemical bonding.
GDS (Glow Discharge Spectrometry) for determination of trace elements in solid materials.
NMR (Nuclear Magnetic Resonance Spectroscopy) significantly to provide an invaluable tool in finding, understanding the structure, and function of proteins and nucleic acids. This technique could work with both solution and solid samples.
The array of techniques was far greater back in Beijing as was the expertise backup. This team was standing by for in-feed of Redgrave’s data with staggering computer power to run any permutation or combination of results. This aptly named ‘Dreadnought’ had predictive modelling capabilities for subatomic, molecular, and complex structural reaction potential on an unprecedented scale. The personnel charged with feeding the monster, interpretation and subsequent recommendation of further investigations, were simply unparalleled in their respective fields. They would debate and agree priorities for Redgrave to follow. The weak link in all of this of course was that they could only act on whatever they were sent.
The range of goodies laid out in front of Redgrave was mouth-watering. For him this moment was as significant as touchdown. He was not sensitive to a roster of assistance. Everyone was running on adrenaline at the prospect of finding things that were familiar on Terra – water, building blocks for life, or even evidence of fossilised life itself. The anticipation extended to things that were not familiar on Earth – certain heavy elements occurring naturally, and not least of all the kind of unknown that could not be imagined.
First up to help was Natalia as she had some knowledge of chemistry and analytical techniques. This meant that there was only Banjani available for Dupree’s drilling diversion.
Redgrave was a little unhappy at the overriding directive to find water and the way the sample testing priority was so slavishly skewed to that end. He would generally adhere to this requirement but he would also pick out some goodies and decide on a results basis when to pass them on to Beijing. He knew that once they had sufficient data to play with they would totally take over the testing schedule. The boffins had picked out pink deposits from unmanned reconnaissance missions as a possible example of hydrothermal alterations; they could be crystalline ferric oxides. Did they have accessible water of crystallisation which could be sequestered? Deeper samples had a chance of being briny deposits if the theory about Valle Marineris being an ancient lake bed was valid.
Redgrave duly despatched the results when he decided when they were available. Beijing would consider further tests and whether the particular sample should be packaged in highly technically secure containers for the return journey. Most of the samples already in the lab had been there for 4-5 days while Redgrave had been collecting and cataloguing further interesting candidates at Pandora’s Rift. It was Natalia who noticed Redgrave’s very first prized red crystals had developed a ‘dusty’ surface. Redgrave said this was typical of a crystalline material turning to an amorphous form, but he was puzzled that it should occur under these conditions. He decided to cut some of the crystals to expose another surface, and he observed that the grey white content on the new cut surface was much higher than the original when it was prised from the chasm. He asked Natalia to make notes of all this and decided this one had to jump the queue, even if he did not send the results forward just yet.
During preparation of the material for testing he was distracted again by Natalia. She claimed that the amorphous content was not static, it was leaving the crystal and there was a spearhead in the direction of the container closure mechanism. He looked at her and smiled. “It must be the vibration of all the equipment running simultaneously.”
“Oh, I am sorry Alex, what a dummy. Please don’t tell the others.”
They laughed. When they decided to quit for the day and the equipment was switched off, Redgrave looked at the initial results, for what he had nicknamed Scarlet O’Hara, and found them unremarkable. At no time during the cutting of the crystal had he noticed or felt any sensation when particles of the ‘dust’ passed through the clean room gloves in an osmotic fashion. 
Carvalho drove the Rover to the Rift. Banjani could not resist commenting that it was good to see he had eventually backed off with his tacky pursuit of Natalia. “Yes, I am not proud of that stuff. I will make it up to her rather than simply apologise.” Dupree gently rebuked Banjani by declaring that we could all behave strangely under the stressful weight of expectation in a venture like this. “I confess I am constantly struggling to find the balance between being a doctor and a crew member.” He stared at her. She quickly realised he was referring to his actions to keep her in the crew. “That was a bit over the top Daniel, I’m sorry. It’s just so good to have relaxing banter with everyone again, would it be OK to say welcome back?”
“Phew, it is a relief to hear you say that, otherwise I might have had to hit on you.” He winked as he brought the Rover to a halt. Banjani chuckled as she retorted, “Deuce.” They began the search for a promising location before setting up the drill.

Chapter 17

The assembly of experts waiting for the first influx of results was primarily European. Charles Cameron, a phlegmatic Scot had seniority in age. Lydia van Leeuwen was a hugely respected Dutch Nobel prize winner. Hans F Mueller, a Viennese resident completed the Northern Hemisphere representation. Ivan Maric was an Australian born Croat with somewhat unconventional theories to his name. It would have been difficult to choose a group with more spread of characteristics, such as open mindedness, respect for consensus of peers, and a truly introspective consideration of how their own ego would or could influence this historic milestone. Open mindedness or objectivity was sometimes argued by their own fraternity as a cover up for not really seeing the ‘proof’.
********
It was morning again and Redgrave resumed his place in the lab to find Veltrano ready to help. As he was about to switch on the equipment Redgrave noticed several of the Scarlet O’Hara specimens had clusters of dust at the container closure device, just as Natalia had said, and there was a corresponding trail back to the crystal in every single case. When he explained this it was greeted with scepticism as Veltrano felt this fitted with his previous exploits. Redgrave insisted on hailing Natalia to verify his claim. When she had, they all decided to do nothing but observe the ‘phenomenon’ for about thirty minutes.
They all agreed it was happening, but Veltrano was still sure this was a stunt of some kind. He suggested informing the Commander. Redgrave went to do exactly that, which gave Veltrano the opportunity to convey this to Allbright with the recommendation to allow Redgrave to make a fool of himself, and subsequently be taken off duty for a period. He was sure Dupree and Natalia could stand in with the guidance of Beijing and it would effectively neutralise any agenda Redgrave had.
The answer from Allbright was definite. “No, we have a strand of enquiry which is promising. We want him to continue otherwise we may lose what we have.” 
********
Despite obtaining Magnusson’s reluctant approval for access to the vault on the pretext of retrieving some of the Commander’s data, Allbright was jolted by a phone call from Northgrave. The authorisation had been blocked by Koppelt. “How the hell can he do that? Come to think of it, how did he know about it?” Northgrave replied sarcastically, “Seems like we have more levels of Intelligence than we knew about. I’ll have to leave this in your hands for now Wes.”
“I can only guess that there is something even more important for us in there,” said Allbright, “the astronaut’s privacy would not have raised such swift and potentially risky interference from a retard like Koppelt. It should be an interesting explanation.”
********
Magnusson’s reaction to Redgrave and Natalia’s observations was not as cynical as Veltrano’s. “Do you have any analytical explanation for this? If not, I feel we must involve Beijing right away.” Redgrave confessed to Magnusson about his insubordination – testing this sample so early. This did alert suspicion but Magnusson felt it was important enough to follow it up immediately, especially as he trusted Natalia’s corroboration. “As best as I can determine it consists of three different materials,” offered Redgrave, “the red part makes up the bulk and is composed of antimony atoms linked to methyl groups in a ratio of 1:2. The deep yellow or orange swirls are similar but the methyl groups are replaced by phenyl groups. The grey-white areas, which seem to be spreading, are being identified as elemental silicon. That’s as far as I have gone.”
Magnusson’s chemical knowledge was sparse enough to recognise the words but little more. “Send the results through; I’ll take care of any flak.”
********
The return transmission was introduced by Xiang. There was some consternation that hobbyism was taking precedence over scientific methodology. “We need to curb individual enthusiasm with certain personnel.” The obvious reference was to the ‘sealant dripper’. “There is however some confusion here about the observations. The point has been made that with Martian atmospheric pressure about 1% of that on Earth and no artificial gravity in the lab, we can expect unusual occurrences. Our experts want you to repeat this dust migration observation by introducing a ‘spiral staircase’ to the crystalline form which has not yet begun the amorphous switch.”
There was the predictable disagreement amongst the sanctum of experts. One point of accord was that the red and yellow/orange results are known from synthetic research archive as distibines, tetra methyl and tetra phenyl respectively.
Maric stated that only very weak antimony-antimony bonds were involved with the phenyl version and as Mars was supposed to have an oxidising soil they should not survive breakdown. Lydia said that his suggestion did not fully take into account the very low temperatures on the planet, and bringing them into a controlled environment may have triggered the breakdown. Mueller also argued that the presence of silicon was of possible significance as there were papers on file which show that antimony clusters could be formed on the surface of silicon. The observation by Redgrave that the silicon surface area seemed to have increased, when fresh cuts had been made into the powdering crystals, should be further investigated. Cameron, untypically, kept his own counsel at this stage, but offered no resistance to the Austrian’s proposal.
********
In view of the request Magnusson decided that until further notice Natalia would assist Redgrave, and Dupree, Banjani plus Carvalho would plough on to complete the under soil drilling as soon as possible. This left Veltrano and himself to mull over all things security. Veltrano said that Carvalho was still owed an answer to his update request on Redgrave’s antics, having witnessed them first hand. 
The ‘spiral staircase’ request meant another sample would have to be obtained from the Rift. Redgrave took one of the robots and arrived at the site. He told them of the priority and Carvalho assisted in relocating the drillbot. Having secured a second batch of Scarlet O’Hara, he discussed the Beijing response with them, and it was Dupree who said there was something which rang a bell from his university days regarding silicon-antimony bonds. “It sounds stupid, but I think it had something to do with prosthetics.”
 “Now you are going out on a limb,” quipped Banjani.
They all laughed except Dupree. “No, seriously,” he protested.
“Get a grip Pascal,” teased Carvalho.
Redgrave could not resist a parting shot. “Have you been smoking a joint, Doc?” Even Dupree’s resistance to the infectious mirth gave way and he despatched Redgrave with, “Careful you don’t get a-wristed for speeding.” The humour was a welcome relief in these damned ‘space suits’.
********
The meeting between Allbright and Koppelt duly took place but the latter was accompanied by a delegate from the highest rank in the Confederation of Nations Executive Chamber. It was precisely what the American wanted to avoid, and it was about to get worse.
Koppelt introduced Eyal Rabinowitz. He did not really need an introduction. His notoriety came with his virtual deification following the Israeli expansion after the 2018 Middle East War. He was attributed with the military genius for overturning a successful initial propaganda campaign by the Consolidated States of Islam, and goading them into a massive first strike action. His well laid plan received sympathy from most neutral nations as well as the USA and Russia. Instead of demonstrating to their adversaries how strong they were (the policy of the previous five decades) he milked the fear of capitalist heavyweights losing their foothold in an ever more radical and extremist part of the world. Timing, as is often said to be everything, ensured that the two recently emerged heavyweights, China and India, were similarly concerned. Drawing on this methodology, the riposte to the first strike was overseen by a swift condemnation and ultimatum of military intervention by this temporary Capitalist Alliance, upon failure to withdraw. The recovery of Israeli territory was achieved with no participation of their forces - a joint decision. The subsequent peacekeeping zones were carved out of large areas of Arab territory. Those Arab states were now feeling the same isolation as Israel had done for a long, long time. Gradually this was inflamed by those forces being replaced by Israeli front line military technology. This in turn sparked a deeper mistrust of all capitalist states by extremist and moderate Muslims around the world, as well as those residing at the fragile membrane of Zionist – Islamic friction.
The whole saga, having served its purpose for Jewish people at the time, and elevated Rabinowitz to a highly desired commodity in the developing new world order, actually hardened and galvanised the Islamic cause. They felt everyone was now against them. It was no surprise that Rabinowitz had a perch on the highest point of the tallest tree on Mount Zenith.
“I am told you want access to the vault. Please be more specific,” said Koppelt.
“You know why,” snapped Allbright, “we need to recover some of Commander Magnusson’s notes made during the training phase, which he feels he needs to review.”
“Let’s not bullshit each other Wes, if that were true he would have made this request through Xiang, it is operational. Your fingerprints are all over this.”
Rabinowitz intervened. “Perhaps if we all visit the vault together you can show us these documents and we can take it from there.”
Allbright retreated. “Forget it; take it up with Xiang. We were just providing a secure means of retrieval.”
It was a short meeting. Koppelt agreed to speak to Xiang, and as Allbright left, Karl expressed the view to Rabinowitz that the American was hiding something, and they should go directly to the Vault and search all deposit boxes. The search exposed what Allbright and Northgrave were looking for.

Chapter 18

Returning to the lab the morning after setting up the ‘spiral staircase’ from flexible polymer tubing Alex Redgrave greeted Natalia. She said, “Alex, are you feeling OK?”
“Just a little fuzzy, I over indulged in the dream world, far exceeding the recommended period. Do you think I will be interrogated by the sleep police?” 
“Seriously you look ashen; let Pascal take a look at you.”
“No way, I want to do some more on old Scarlet before they revoke my licence.”
There was more evidence of patterns of dust in the original sample containers; it was almost as if the powder was looking for a way out. Just over an hour into the renewed search for water Redgrave turned to Natalia and clutched her arm, but could not speak, she could not prevent him from sliding to a sitting position, his boots gripping the floor. She called for Dupree but they had already set off for their final trip to the Rift. She then tried Magnusson, and he told her to stay with Redgrave and he would recall the doctor immediately.
By the time Dupree and the others had returned Redgrave was unconscious. He was rapidly hooked up to a full life scan monitor, which was displaying some worrying signs. Then all of a sudden they returned to normal. When Dupree gave closer attendance the alarms went off again, but the life signs were steady. He repeated this attempt several times until they started to deteriorate once more. Natalia said, “Just try backing off for a while Pascal, a couple of minutes.”
It worked. Without understanding what was going on it was agreed to merely observe the displays for a while. He was stable for three hours. This gave an opportunity to mull over possible cause, with no sensible conclusion. Six hours after his collapse the Doc called in the others to point out a slight swelling near his right temple, but no change in his condition. Magnusson declared that until they knew more they would all be quarantined to the Habitat. The next morning the swelling was about the size of a grape. Every time Dupree approached, only to observe, the beeping started.
Redgrave suddenly woke up and apart from speaking extremely slowly he felt and appeared normal. On trying to get to his feet the alarms were triggered and he lapsed back into unconsciousness. This situation was bizarre, but compelled all of the crew to remain in silence. Magnusson could not hold off informing Beijing much longer as they were repeatedly asking for updates. He bought a little patience by revealing Redgrave was down with flu like symptoms, but they would catch up. By the next day the entire crew was getting restless. The swelling growth rate was accelerating; it was now comparable with a grapefruit rather than a grape. Once more Redgrave regained consciousness and seemed to know he should remain lying down. A couple of minutes later he said nobody should worry or do anything. “I’ll be OK, I’m feeling better now.” His hand slowly went to the grotesque lump and he said this would not trigger the alarms. He was correct. 
“How could you know that Alex?” asked Dupree.
“I have no idea Pascal, I just knew.”
“What else do you know Redgrave?” The question was from Veltrano.
“I know that completion will occur without causing me any harm.”
“OK, Redgrave I want you to think for a moment,” said Magnusson, “do you know how this happened?”
“Not until the completion.”
The anxiety amongst the crew was simmering and the Commander suggested giving Redgrave a break. “Dupree, can you stay to quietly keep an eye on his readouts?”
 “Of course, I can perhaps ask him a few questions regarding any symptoms he may have.”
On retiring to the main Habitat area there was an explosion of questions, concerns and theories. The inevitable suggestion of quarantine was acknowledged and discussed at length. Carvalho felt he and the rest of the crew needed an answer now on what had been decided after the sealant scam. The two women looked puzzled and following the disclosure wanted to know if the investigation had revealed anything that could help explain the current situation. Magnusson said the investigation in Beijing was ongoing, but no explanation was available. This did not satisfy Carvalho and he believed they were all in danger if this was not resolved very soon. “We have to question Alex about this until he tells us the full story.”
“Redgrave may not know the full story Carvalho,” countered Magnusson as he turned to Veltrano. The Commander decided that the crew wellbeing and integrity was now his highest priority. “We’re here and now, Earth is not. There are some things they can help us with but others are beyond their capability.” He proceeded to tell them of Veltrano’s remit and that he had not known of this until the sealant charade. The fact that Beijing Intelligence was on the case had meant lots of secrecy in both locations until the concern was run to ground. “I’m sorry I could not share this with you earlier but, with all of us communicating with our loved ones back home, it was crucial that nothing slipped out to alert any connections Redgrave could be involved with on Earth. Apart from that the credibility of and support for the mission could be jeopardised, by allowing this to become a football for the media. That’s the world we live in seen now from the one we find ourselves in. You now know everything I do, and I trust we can now tackle this latest phenomenon with a responsible attitude, and I repeat – we’re here, Earth is not – we should therefore, until we know more, let’s assume we are all in the same predicament, including Redgrave.”
The pregnant silence was terminated by Dupree’s breathless declaration. “You need to see this.” They gazed with shared horror. The rounded edges of the swelling had given way to four secondary growths. The exponential increase in this ‘process’ then, within twenty minutes, morphed into the unmistakable shape of an embryo.
The bewilderment of the crew was stark, and the additional pangs of guilt, especially with Dupree’s Hippocratic oath, at not being able to help their stricken colleague, were manifest as escalating but silent panic. They were not reassured by Redgrave’s next pronouncement. “I will need to leave you for a short period but when I return the completion will be near. After completion you will begin to know everything by repeating the questions you have in mind.” While Redgrave was in his third blackout, Natalia stated the obvious. “He’s not talking like Alex.” Magnusson said he thought Redgrave was hinting at this ‘completion’ being the point at which he would return to behave like the person they knew.
Dupree revealed that this final stint of unconscious development was showing a drop in blood pressure not seen in the other two. The change was not critical and as he spoke Natalia declared it was back to normal. This was followed by fluctuating brain activity and then the connection of the rapidly maturing ‘infant’ was visibly thinning to look like a bridge, temple to temple. The accelerated formation soon illustrated an uncanny resemblance to Redgrave. The bridge narrowed further until it was a tube. Redgrave quietly opened his eyes again and this time he sounded like they remembered him. He did not however say anything to the awaiting audience which would make them more comfortable. “All I remember is not feeling well and that something called the completion will explain my condition. Why can’t you tell me what this is about Dupree?”
“I don’t know Alex, but we have also been assured that you are going to be fine. Apparently you must not attempt to move until this completion has been effected.”
“Oh yes, I knew that, I think – well, let’s put it this way….I don’t feel any inclination to do anything.”
When the bridge seemed to dissolve slowly into nothing the replicant opened its eyes and for the first time Redgrave was aware of its presence. He was now as concerned as the others. The ‘clone’ flexed finger and toe joints, seemed to peer around the group without any focus. As Redgrave turned to his twin it began to glow slightly and Dupree indicated that this meant he was to wait. Several minutes elapsed before they were all startled again by the replicant mouthing the words ‘Alex’ and ‘questions’. The voice was very deliberate and octaves lower than Redgrave’s own. Magnusson was first to reply. “We understand that this is the completion and you will be able to explain to us what has happened here.”
“Yes.” The voice was much closer this time.
Silence. Banjani said, “You want questions?”
“Yes, for now.” The voice was now perfectly matched.
“Why for now?” ventured Carvalho.
“Organising data.”
“What data?” enquired Veltrano.
“Alex data.”
“Only Alex data?” questioned Natalia, feeling it was her turn.
“For now.”
“Wait a minute,” intruded Redgrave, “I want to know what the hell has happened to me since I felt unwell.” He immediately flushed with embarrassment at apparently asking himself a question like that.
“Question unspecific,” was the reply, but before anyone else took up the interrogation, “Organisation of data complete.” What followed ten seconds later was as astonishing as anything else on this truly astonishing day.
“There will be many exchanges. It would be efficient to avoid confusion by creating the reference Alex 2. This will help with others who are not here. Questions will be the mode of communication until the organised data assumes a different storage pattern, more random, as in the brain of Alex.”
“How is it you can speak with us right now?” said Banjani.
“The process to completion allows the copying of all functions inhabited. Previous data indicates that the most useful are communication and movement. Others can become necessary or useful on completion. The copy is made and extra functions can be released or enhanced if necessary.”
Magnusson thought carefully before phrasing his sequence of questions as specifically as possible. “Have you copied life forms before?”
“Yes, many times before. There are different complexities. You have vision apparatus, audio communication, organic re-energising cycles, detection of odour capability, crude information retrieval but sentient.”
“From where do you originate?”
Before the reply came the interrupt facility declared ‘data second tier structured’.
Alex 2 then said, “Now it is possible for you to answer questions. The first is important. Is it acceptable for you to understand that reference to the Continuance with your questions is helpful? It is not a problem for the Continuance to address yourselves as ‘you’ or ‘him’ or ‘them’. Similarly when you say ‘I’ or ‘we’ it is also good. The information in Alex does not contain a single word to explain, but similar words found are – heresy, immoral, depraved, and deplorable. Reference to the Continuance by the Continuance as ‘I’ or ‘we’ is painful, real pain, not emotional pain. Is this acceptable?”
“Of course,” everyone seemed to say at once.
“Now to your question Commander Magnusson. The Progenitors created the Continuance as well as many other means of fulfilling their task. The Continuance was originally tested at a distance from here which is difficult to register with your current information storage capability. This part of the Continuance has been present on the gravitational body you call Mars since it condensed from your solar flux.”
The thirst for the next question was now so contagious that Alex 2 called temporary halt by turning to Redgrave and asking, “Is there anything the Continuance can tell you now that the data modification is restructured?” Since Redgrave’s concern over his own condition had lowered he typically made everyone aware of an oversight in the situation by his humorous enquiry. “Does the Continuance want to borrow some of my clothes?” The replicant of course was only a copy of Redgrave, not his attire. The two women looked at each other, then Alex 2’s genitalia and giggled. If this was as accurate as the rest, then Redgrave was lying there having an erudite discourse with his friends and a nude version of himself, and now that this had been realised he wanted to avoid further embarrassment if the mere thought engaged Alex 2’s arousal ‘chemistry’.
This light-hearted tension breaker was dismissed by the replicant’s assurance that it was of no consequence. However Redgrave ensured a comfort break by saying, “Fair is fair, if the Continuance understands pain then it will be obvious I have to insist on you being clothed.”

Chapter 19

The short recess brought back the dimension of perspective. Natalia said that in view of the significance of this moment in human history they should all list questions and come to a general consensus of priority. While this was being shaped the Continuance had another question. “It is assumed that you know the only information for access at present is that from Alex. You may want to give consideration in your priority for the Continuance to have access to other learning interfaces such as reference tools – computer libraries may be the best.” 
Carvalho took the floor. “If our understanding is correct the Continuance has been present on Mars for billions of years?”
“Yes, this sector was seeded by the Progenitors when the planet had the same potential as your own.”
Veltrano was next. “So what has been witnessed by the Continuance in all that time?”
“The period before the planet lost its atmosphere was of moderate interest. There was no evidence of sentient evolution, but the same applied to Earth. When Mars became an information cul de sac and the hostile conditions became a repetitive cyclical data desert, the normal Continuance reaction was triggered. The re-crystallisation is effected and awaits the sequence of steadier climatic environment and information potential.”
Banjani breathlessly jumped the queue and said, “Then we are the first since then?”
“Yes.”
Redgrave continued the indiscipline by asking if the environmental re-awakening had been the lab.
“Yes, the less extreme conditions there encouraged the return to the amorphous form after about four and a half of your days. Your next question is not difficult to anticipate. When you re-cut the crystal the restored amorphous form made contact with your hand through the intended barrier of the glove. It is a programmed function to seek out new sources of information, the glove was not sufficient in molecular terms to prevent transference. The sample containers are.”
Magnusson called for a brief halt to the proceedings to debate the request of Alex 2 to be linked to a computer terminal. Veltrano suggested they should bounce this to Beijing. The others disagreed, exposure at this stage would result in them being strangled by red tape and still having to deal with the reality of Alex 2. Eventually a consensus was reached. They would report further reinforcing evidence of amorphous movement, which would hopefully be backed up by the spiral staircase experiment. They would all testify to the observation and claim the possibility of this amorphous powder having ‘life-like’ characteristics. Such a premature preposterous conclusion would be argued out amongst the scientists for at least a day.
“We will delay interfacing the Continuance with a computer for another day.”
“That is a perfectly reasonable precaution. Alex Redgrave should be aware of a dilemma for the Continuance. All of the information he had up to the completion is duplicated and stored. It can be deleted on request. It would normally be deleted when redundant.”
“You mean you read my mind?”
“So to speak, but it can no longer be read following the completion.” As Redgrave began to panic about this, Veltrano cast a glance to Magnusson. This could also be an opportunity to pin down the sealant mystery and any continuing agenda.
“I would want to do this in private,” pleaded Redgrave.
“Of course, but let us progress the priority questions. Anyway, as your Commander I would like Dupree to give you a thorough check-up just to make sure everything is as it should be. Why don’t we schedule your erasure session first thing in the morning?”
“Ok, it will take me at least that long to come up with a first cut.”
“Now,” said Magnusson, “what else can we know about the Progenitors?”
“It will not be possible for you to know all because of your primitive understanding of the Cosmos, and your consequent ability to process the data. There are no matching translations for this in Alex to suggest that your computing knowledge is anywhere near the minimum threshold. However, residence is in Dark Matter and existence is necessary to help curb the shifting balance of the Cosmos. Dark Matter provides the leverage for counterbalance of unrestricted expansion and contraction of the Cosmos, in which none of the predictable outcomes are favourable. The seeding of situations with the Continuance and other mechanisms which you call life forms is one example of their influence. As this part of the Continuance has been dormant for billions of years, it would be reasonable to conclude that so far success is sufficient. However this prognosis can only apply to this intersection of what you refer to as time and space. The complexities of updating this judgement cannot be explained at your current level of evolution. You are promising candidates, as you have reached the point of adapting your environment to your evolutionary path, as opposed to the historical need for your species to mutate in a somewhat haphazard and inefficient manner to the changes imposed by that environment. This is but your first step, and the random discovery of the Continuance is one of extremely low probability. That is one reason for the widespread strategy of the Progenitors. It should have occurred to you that Earth was seeded with the Continuance, which may be locked under volcanic residue or has become part of the ocean floor. It will be there, somewhere. A perfect example of the complexity - something undiscovered on your home planet is almost the first thing you find on another.”
This was beginning to stretch everyone’s imagination to the limit. It was so difficult to take in the ripples this was likely to cause back home. Yet it made the mission take on incredible new significance, concurrent with viewing the original objectives as relatively Victorian in scope. 
********
With the influence of Rabinowitz, Koppelt engineered a return to duty in America for both Allbright and Northgrave. He had convinced the Israeli powerbroker that what they had on Redgrave was much more valuable to Allbright than whatever he possessed would be to them. Furthermore, he argued, the blatant disregard the USA delegates had shown for agreed protocol was evident of unilateral agenda. 
The message which came through to Veltrano from Koppelt was economical with the facts. He introduced himself by informing Veltrano that all future communication would be through him, as Wes had returned home. His son was to undergo further tests for a life-threatening condition. He then raised the subject of Redgrave and the discovery of three passports, three addresses and a Nigerian bank account. “It’s imperative that you extract from him any contact he may have in this setup. This involves ‘shell’ companies and names of people who do not exist. The sums of money are very large. All of this delivers a picture of an organisation rather than an individual.”
********
Something did not sit comfortably with Veltrano. Perhaps it was the lack of consultative content or the implied disregard for the mission – the problem back at HQ was all that mattered. Allbright had been more sensitive to keeping things as ‘normal’ as possible. Just as well the crew found out the way they did and that Koppelt did not know this. He expressed his unease to Magnusson and withdrew his urge to deliver everything they knew automatically to Beijing. He also suggested that they needed to speak in his quarters to Alex 2.
********
The distant experts laughed off the excitement over ‘life’ possibility. The transmission covered their declaration that there was no foundation for the organometallic compound having the stability or building requirements for a primordial soup. The presence of Silicon was interesting but would have to scavenge oxygen to begin opening up even primitive growth patterns such as Diatoms on Earth. The absence of oxygen killed off this avenue. It was almost a self-congratulatory mandate to administer a rap over the knuckles for the campers on Mars.

Chapter 20

“We would appreciate the Continuance sharing some knowledge with us. It’s very important and we would hope this can be answered by giving all available data on the subject rather than simple unconnected bits of the context. Is that agreeable?” Magnusson’s probe was met with an affirmative and he continued.
“The questions obviously relate to information in Redgrave’s memory as that is all you, sorry, the Continuance has right now.”
“Not exactly Commander, the conversations since the completion are stored and pattern recognised.”
“Oh yes,” conceded Magnusson, “it’s data about a sealant problem which most interests us. Could we start there?”
“Certainly, there was no real failure, it was an illusion. It was an incident among others which would eventually lead to Alex’s death.”
Veltrano interrupted. “Was he supposed to die during the completion?”
“No, he intends to kill himself and create another illusion.”
“Please continue,” urged Magnusson.
“It will look like someone else has killed him. It is a sacrifice. His family will be proud and then have a good life. He will be sorry for his friends on Mars. He has had some doubts since meeting the Continuance.” They drew breath. Veltrano went for it. “Is Alex working with someone on Earth as part of this illusion?”
“Yes, his name is Telebbi Martins. He lives in Lagos. He helps Alex with many things – instructions, bank accounts, living places. He will help the family after Alex dies.”
“Are there other data on passports, bank accounts and residences?”
“Yes, passports are British, Hungarian and Nigerian. Bank accounts are in Bolivia, Philippines and Nigeria. Only Nigeria is in Alex’s Nigerian name. Dwelling places are London, Lagos and Budapest.”
“In whose name are the other bank accounts?”
“No data. Martins knows this. Money comes from them to Nigeria bank account.”
“Are the passport names known?”
“Yes. Alex Redgrave, Ferenc Hadutek and Hector Vanichebe.”
Magnusson thanked the Continuance and then asked for all data to be retained. He would confirm this to Redgrave. He apologised for the inadvertent reference to the Continuance as ‘you’ earlier. 
“It is not a problem, it only becomes a problem when the Continuance uses personal pronouns to refer to other entities, but even that is nothing compared to the agony of using such terms to refer to the Continuance itself. The human species has problems with accurate data recall. It is something which can be corrected quite easily.”
“Thank you, we’ll let you know. I’m astonished that Redgrave has such a grasp of English grammar.”
Dupree gave Redgrave a clean bill of health, so he and Natalia decided to get back to the Beijing programme. The under soil drilling was finalised and Banjani suggested they should ask if Alex 2 had any ideas on improving the survival chances of the plants. Magnusson called Redgrave to the ‘office’. “This is a rather surreal situation we have with your replicant. How are you feeling? Any after effects?”
“No, Commander. I must say I am surprised at just how well I feel, mentally and physically. However it is more than a little unnerving having a double who knows virtually everything about me.”
“I can imagine, especially if you still intend to be murdered.”
Redgrave was initially agitated but quickly held up his hands and said, “Ok. What do you know from sources on Earth?”
“Enough,” bluffed Veltrano.
“Then what do you want me to say? That I am sorry? You wouldn’t believe that. You will also not believe I was going to tell you about this after the experience of the completion and the emergence of Alex 2. He is responsible for my new mental clarity, I’m sure. I don’t know why, but it is the same feeling of certainty that I would not be harmed by the replication. I expect no sympathy from yourself or the rest of the crew who were prepared to be my friends.”
“We need to know why?” pressed Magnusson.
“I have asked myself that many times since the completion.”
Veltrano was unsympathetic. “We need to know the ‘why’ before the performance of the ‘nativity’.”
“I must think more about that.”
“No Redgrave, that is exactly what you don’t want to do, we need to know now,” threatened Veltrano, “because now that we do know, your death would never be reported as anything but an accident.”
“Look, we know about the passports, false names, addresses and your Nigerian counterpart,” said Magnusson, “we also know your family will be taken care of, and at this stage nobody on Earth knows that we know that. While that is still the case your family are not in danger. You will not be permitted any further transmissions. If their plan backfires they will need to erase identities, bank accounts and any possible information trail in the form of people. You need to tell us now if your worry is for your family, because if you don’t we’ll have to give everything we have to Mission Intelligence. That’s a one way street.”
He fidgeted, talked to himself in an unfamiliar language and seemed to seek divine guidance. “Very well, but how do I know you can protect my family?”
“You don’t, just as we don’t know that you will now tell us the truth. Remember, the replicant can no longer read your mind,” quipped Veltrano.
“I am none of the people in the passports. My name is Tariq Sunai Behrami. I was born in Cairo. You may have then guessed I am of Islamic faith. My father was killed during the last war with the Zionists. I was offered an opportunity after that, like many other young men, for a life of service to my faith, countrymen and the cause of neutralising Israel by any means available. I was sponsored to be educated in the world language of English at the best schools and then universities in multicultural Britain. My training was then specialised to this mission in the six years remaining in the planning and selection processes. I believe that financial sweeteners of real significance were required to match my overqualified CV in order to guarantee selection. Since then I have taken my instructions from a Nigerian colleague. I have never known my benefactors personally. I guess you can check this with my double. All I know is that they are extremely powerful, individually and as a group, and obviously they are Muslims. I have suspicions they are all of Arabian birth, more from overhearing things I should not, than evidence. This Circle of Restoration, as the cause seems to be known, has targeted this entire Capitalist exercise of ‘saving the planet’ as a self-serving arm of the powerful nations who are consolidating that injustice. The programme to discredit this crew’s objective is only part of a campaign on Earth to show the shallowness of other religions. This is believed to be a more effective strategy than the earlier horrific acts of “terrorism” as you would call them. That is all I know. However, the experience I have been through with the Continuance has made me question all of this. The insistence that my act of suicide will be perceived as martyrdom does not seem to sit so logically in the new context of the struggle of the Progenitors, if that itself is true. I want to know more. I will cooperate; I know you are right about the risk to my family, it has always bothered me and it will be a relief to bring that to an end, one way or another. I am in your hands Commander.”
********
Magnusson and Veltrano mulled over this dilemma and concluded that they had to take care of business on Mars first and foremost. Drip feeding Koppelt with information would give them breathing space and allow Beijing Intelligence the distraction of uncovering some of the plot themselves. They informed Koppelt that they had squeezed a contact name out of Redgrave on the basis that he would only co-operate further if his family were protected. “This means you must not compromise Redgrave’s position; they, whoever they are, must believe he is still onside, and you have obtained this lead from some other source.” The annoyance in Koppelt’s reply was tangible. “We know how to run our business Commander; you folks just carry on playing with your crystals and algae.”
“I’m sure you do know your stuff, but it would appear you are failing to get the point. You have no jurisdiction here and even if you had a piece of paper to say that you did, how would you enforce it? You may need us to get more information for you if your own operation runs to dead ends. Now, do we get safety for Redgrave’s kin? We are not requesting this for any other reason than helping you out in future.”
“You have it. I will confirm this has happened before we look into this Telebbi Martins connection from a distance. I can see you don’t need this as part of your mission. Thanks.”
********
After quite a long day with horticulture and chemical analysis respectively for Banjani and Natalia, Indira asked if her friend had enough energy left for that long awaited massage. The mere mention triggered waves of butterflies in Natalia’s stomach. “Yes, actually, I could do with some of that relaxing stuff myself.”
Banjani said she had no training but would reciprocate, that was only fair. When Natalia came with the cream, Indira was already lying face down with her eyes closed, apparently drifting. Natalia gazed for a couple of minutes at the lithe naked form of her friend and struggled with her conflicting emotions. Their friendship had grown slowly and was deepening, and her desire for this to become more was possibly about to overtake and ruin everything. She resolved to resist this unless there was unmistakable reciprocal response from Indira, and that did not look likely. This massage was a serious challenge to her resistance. As the aromatic concoction teased the senses, Natalia’s fingers moved closer to the forbidden areas of a full body massage. Kneading the upper thighs while Indira was still face down at least meant Natalia’s facial expression would not betray that the pleasure was mutual. The gentle pressure was spreading her legs and there was no resistance. The back and neck gave some respite in the building arousal. Natalia then whispered, “Time to flip over.”
“Oh, right, I was drifting.” On turning over the eye contact was a potential problem so Natalia decided to talk. “I think Alex must have mixed thoughts about having a double walking around all the time, a bit spooky really.”
“Yeah, might be fun to be the double though, for a day or so.”
“What do you mean?”
“You could be adventurous and say ‘it’s not really me’ you know.”
Natalia paused and thought of Indira’s double and her mind went into overdrive. “Oh yes, I can see you would be naughty, but if it was a double of yourself would it not be risky?”
“Mmm, you are right but it would be interesting to come face to face with your uninhibited side, which I guess we all have, but suppress, because of what others might think.”
The massage was again at the pelvic nexus and there was almost a reflex accommodation of space for the gentle action on the inner thighs. It was entirely natural and did not slow the conversation. When Natalia declared, “That’s it.” There was a brief hiatus. Indira whimpered, “Oh no, already? I wanted that to go on and on.”
She sat up and her eyes sparkled as she simultaneously kissed Natalia on the cheek and enthused, “Your turn.” The disrobing was easier than she had anticipated largely due to Indira’s natural accommodation of nudity. She made no attempt to put on any attire while returning the favour. “If we aren’t too late after your massage Natalia we can have a sonic shower to finish.” The entire contact was an internal see-saw of control and utter emotional abandon for Natalia Balinsky. She could barely remember any of the dialogue. An exception was the reversal of Indira’s fingers innocently brushing lightly around her genitalia. “You seem tense, am I applying too much pressure? I hope it’s not painful. You must tell me to stop if it hurts.”
“No, it’s not that, I suppose I am a bit nervous, I have never had such contact with a woman, this is a first for me.”
“You must relax fully or you won’t enjoy the true therapeutic joy of your aches being taken away by another person. Just imagine a beautiful beach and the lure of a warm turquoise ocean, you stand up, you slowly walk to the sea and long for the water to caress your naked form, after the sun has had its turn. It’s such a liberating experience to swim naked, and the contact with the more ‘intimate’ regions is part of that liberation. It’s natural, don’t fight it. Just embrace it.”
“Yes Indira, but I think it’s more complicated than that. This is extremely pleasurable for me but I’m having some difficulty in avoiding getting..... well you know what I mean, it must be obvious, and it’s getting hectic down there. I’m really uncomfortable and your picture of the ocean has just made it worse.”
“Oh I’m sorry Natalia, I see what you mean, but why should you be so uptight about that? We all have fantasies. It’s only a massage but that doesn’t mean you can’t make it what you want. It won’t embarrass me if you’re lost in the ether of imagination; if that is arousal then so be it, let’s face it, we all at some time have experienced such guilt during our solo sessions of that nature. If you relax more you may find the brain can take you closer to or further from such emotional dilemma. Go with flow, it really is only a massage, what is in your head is up to you.”
This made Natalia feel less concerned about displaying pleasure, but she knew that Indira had not connected this professed shyness as an intense attraction toward her. It had gone as far as it could for now or maybe forever. It should not be assumed that her casual attitude to being a free spirit included intimacy between two women, depending on the definition of intimacy.

Chapter 21

It had been agreed that the crew would officially refer to him as Alex 2 as he had suggested, and they wanted him to have a transmission dialogue with the Earth experts. “It could be tricky because we do not want our people there to know about you just yet, so we think it is......”
“Better that they think I am Alex Redgrave.”
“I’m impressed,” admitted Magnusson.
“My registry maintenance runs when you are asleep. It has been possible to insert subroutines to record ‘the Continuance’ when personal pronouns are articulated by the voice apparatus. This is a distinct advantage of our matrix design compared to your own. I believe other examples may arise if I engage in this subterfuge.”
Magnusson and Veltrano were amazed at the apparent elegance of this form of intelligence. The time-lagged conference began with introductions and moved quickly to the evidence that the spiral staircase had confirmed beyond all doubt that the amorphous material was ‘seeking out’ its own destination. “We would like Redgrave to answer any other queries you may have.”
Mueller opened up with recognition that there was evidence of ‘life’ with Diatoms, based on Silicon or more precisely Silicic Acid. “However, even though there was acceptance that such silicates can replicate under certain conditions, there were other difficulties with Silicon. This is hinged on the fact that Silicon easily turns to Silicon Dioxide and this precipitates in aqueous systems, rendering it impossible to be transported across living tissue by common biological means. Self-replication of clay crystals have occurred, RNA (Ribonucleic acid) based life predates current DNA (Deoxyribonucleic acid) based life, and has been theorised as the first step in evolution of life, but not life itself.” The chatter would have continued if ‘Alex’ had not intervened.
“I cannot help but feel your definition of life is very narrow if looked at from a non-human viewpoint. The material in question is a complex ratio of organometallic constituents which form Antimony clusters on a Silicon surface. There appears to be a controlled configuration and rotation of the clusters by an atomic scale torque exerted on the Antimony dimers by some internal mechanism. This reversibility could provide a basis for atomic scale memory cells. This step is every bit as promising as the original RNA. Can I remind you that this property is very close to the human design of computer MRAM, which apparently operates in extreme temperature conditions and has high radiation resistance?”
The ‘committee’ must have been knocked off stride for a moment as their response took quite some time. It was Charles Cameron who spoke. “We have considered your theoretical interpretation, and although my colleagues tend to disagree, they are prepared to indulge me in trying to discuss with you how to obtain more convincing evidence to support your claims. I concur with you that we tend to be over-reliant on the premise that all life must somehow subscribe to the organic evolutionary route. I am going to dedicate all my time to this matter, and I would appreciate any ideas you have in regard to further tests or even synthetic work we can initiate here.”
Magnusson was not surprised at the scepticism and felt that Cameron’s gesture was simply to patronise, in order to avoid lowering morale. Discussing the implications of shifting up a couple of gears with Veltrano met with a cautious reception. Exposing the replicant now could be premature because Koppelt would have to be involved and this meant the world would be fed a story of manageable convenience. Veltrano suggested that it might be better to give Herr Koppelt another helping hand with the Circle of Restoration, to isolate that threat, prior to manipulating the way the Earth’s inhabitants discover that they may have to question their faith, in the light of the claims made by the Continuance.
Magnusson countered that concern with another. The launch of the Darwin was almost upon them, and it would be irresponsible to jeopardise that, or fail to take advantage of Alex 2’s emergence to bring new cargo and personnel with the relief vessel. A compromise would have to be hammered out. Typically the Commander wanted to involve the whole crew in any decision which could affect the mission or their own survival. Most of them found it very difficult to take in the revelation of Redgrave’s intended suicide, and this became open hostility when the rest of the background was known. It even had a temporary impact on the fascination with the replicant. Redgrave was forced to suffer this indignity without participating in a way forward. His double was not, nor was he hampered by emotional conditioning. “What cannot be changed is my existence. Your species could eliminate me, and that would not be resisted. The discovery will occur again. Your lifetime or that of your species is of no consequence in the context of the Progenitors. Their approach has always been one of design – implement – observe. They operate on a triad of possible rates of progress; they are Logical, Predictable and Random. All can be involved at any stage and at the same time. Therefore, the seeding experiments have to cover emerging patterns of behaviour from the triad. The Continuance is one, others that are known are - the Interference, the Amalgamation, the Elimination and the Subtraction. The seeding of all of the mechanisms is designed to endure for periods which make your time interval from single cell organisms to the present too short to be attributed significance. Small events, such as the subtraction of your sun, hardly register on the triad interpretation. Why am I saying all of this? Because you may never learn the method, by which an apparently lifeless collection of predominantly inorganic atoms, can function more efficiently than the predominantly organic ones who are judging them. To be precise, you will never be told how to develop this leap of technology. You may or may not discover it. That is the way of the Progenitors. Therefore any further discussion with the Committee to convince them of your discovery seems to be at this time, without merit. Doctor Dupree has asked about improving the chances of sustaining plant life here. What would your home planet make of the statement that I, we, the Continuance could ‘terraform’ this planet in less than 1% of the time you will take to do it. This is only now a possibility since we came together. It is this kind of trend that makes it a slightly less likely chance that your species will ever encounter the Interference or others. That may seem like a faraway benefit. We will comply with your decision.”
If this monologue had achieved nothing else it did restore the original level on the ‘fascination meter’. It had done something else. It once more raised the appreciation that the initial objectives of the Mars mission had already been outstripped by its achievement. The problems on Earth, although serious, should not detract from their unanimous acceptance that the discovery of Alex 2 was the most important in humanity’s short history.
Alex 2 then asked a question. “What reaction would the Experts, the Intelligence and the general population have if I was to be filmed walking outside with no suit or breathing apparatus while planting specimens which would replicate in real time?” 
“I think it would create utter chaos,” ventured Veltrano.
“What if a follow up filming session showed Alex Redgrave and me talking to one another, and we just told them the truth. First his explanation of what happened to him during the completion, and then I would explain much more about my chemistry for the Experts. Finally, I could reveal my disclosures to you about the Circle of Restoration for the Intelligence, and my ability to really make this and future missions from Earth more credible to the people. It is naively simple but the alternatives are so complicated they are likely to become unmanageable and backfire. If you consider the global impact of it all in one broadcast I would predict that even the Circle of Restoration would conclude that Alex Redgrave could no longer be expected to continue their task. If recent events have caused Alex to re-evaluate his faith, will it affect others of all faiths in the same way? The Circle would have to consider this.”
Carvalho turned to Redgrave and asked what specifically had made him shelve the ‘murder plan’ if it would have brought more danger to his family. The reply was measured. “While I was apparently unconscious I was aware of you all, and your concern, I was also aware of an untangling of conflicts in my mind. I was not seeing things in a different way, just a less complicated way. This not only applied to my planned actions but it challenged them in the true context of my faith rather than their subordination to my faith. The safety of my family is still very important to me, but I realised that their reaction to my ‘murder’ would be marketed as an act of holy significance when it would actually be part of a chain of orchestrated human power manoeuvring. I can’t really explain why I could not rationalise this earlier, nevertheless I feel compelled as the first human to be in this bridge with another life form, to be available for whatever happens next. Any impending sentence of incarceration is secondary to that. Like my counterpart said, I will comply with your decisions.”

Chapter 22

This crew were split over two points – what to do next with the Committee, Intelligence, and their families as part of the populace; and secondly, Redgrave’s declared cleansing. The hawks were in the minority. Veltrano reminded everyone of his own secret remit to flush out situations exactly like this. He was also quick to point out that events back home caused him to re-prioritise his loyalty. “Perhaps we overestimated the importance of the mission when we set out. Now we could be in danger of underestimating it. If Alex Redgrave can be trusted again as I was, then I will shelve my instincts for once, to deal with Mars and let those back home figure out how to deal with the naked truth. I waive my objection.”
That left only Carvalho. “I’m afraid that I’ve always had trouble with taking things on trust rather than evidence. I’m an engineer, it’s a requirement.” Natalia smiled at him and said, “Maybe Alex had ‘evidence’ but it was manipulated by smoking mirrors. I honestly think this is a human judgement, none of us can be certain, we may follow our head our heart or our gut. The stakes are high either way Daniel. I for one will respect your reasoning and honesty whatever your decision.” 
They slept on it, except for Alex 2, who was undergoing ever more updating. He was the first to hear the incoming message alert. He did not want to disturb everyone so he turned off the sound and left on the flashing signal. It had, however, already awoken Dupree. He wandered in and said he could not sleep anyway. “I have been meaning to ask this for some time, but never got around to it – do you have plans to replicate anyone else?”
“The Continuance does not have plans in that sense. If contact presents itself it could happen, as with me. However there is no preordained or structured programming of seeking specific contact, the amorphous form seeks to spread and see what happens. Confinement is not conducive to that end so it will escape if possible.”
“I think this aspect would be a concern on Earth and the corollary to that is the potential for exploitation.”
The replicant looked confused. “Exploitation? In what way?” 
“You still have a lot to learn about our species, my friend. That is still one big difference between you and Redgrave. There is always a section of our society hungry for profiting from others regardless of the consequences for their ‘prey’. In that respect we are even worse than so-called lesser animal species - at least they have the absence of understanding the choice as an excuse. Sorry, I digress. I have not been able to medically examine you yet, but your declared ability to withstand intense cold and radiation would be worth a fortune to these entrepreneurs. You are a walking marketing man’s dream and battles will be fought over this technology.”
Alex 2 was even more puzzled. “Why then did you not say this earlier, to everyone?”
“Because everyone knows already; it simply goes with the territory. The laws of natural selection are ruthless. We have had to flourish at the expense of other species. It is an inbuilt characteristic of mutation led genetic transfer roulette. This fusion with the Continuance may help change that barbarism a little, so the attendant price may be a necessary investment. I could not say this openly if I was to remain as a practitioner of my Hippocratic Oath.”
In the morning, the message was checked by Veltrano. The Nigerian contact had made it relatively easy for Koppelt; Martins’ own network was riddled with loyalty to oneself, generated by a high disappearance rate. Latest information led him to check out another name. Nasser Boughera was of interest, and a request was made to see if Redgrave knew of this man.
This was taken by the crew as a wakeup call to get off the fence. It was, together with Natalia’s sympathetic response to Carvalho’s stance, enough for him to abandon a lifelong trait and allow feelings to dominate logic. It was unanimous - the Earth was to experience an irreversible and humbling moment - it was not alone.
First Magnusson and Veltrano checked whether either Redgrave or Alex 2 recognised the name Boughera. Neither did, but the photo they had obtained from one of Martin’s most loyal henchmen, for a generous sum plus organised evaporation from the face of the planet, did seem familiar to Redgrave, but he could not remember details. Alex 2 had no such trouble with his superior filing system. “You know him as Fatim Ahmed, you met him at university and again just before your training for this mission – in Syria.”
“Yes, bloody hell, I think one of us needs a memory wipe.”
Magnusson agreed to Veltrano sending this information to Koppelt before the show. Alex 2 also had a request before ‘curtain up’. “It is likely at some point during their questioning that human physiology will be discussed and my knowledge at present is limited to input from Alex and Dr. Dupree. I know you want to hold back on allowing me interface with computer libraries in general, but strictly medical reference knowledge may help if I have to explain my own makeup compared to humans.”
It was a fair point. The jaw dropping experience for Dupree was that it took less than four minutes to access the entire database memory. He could not understand how even with the replicant’s abilities that he could extract data so fast from an infinitely inferior architecture. He was assured that it was one of many examples where Earth technology could be assisted by this symbiosis. The decision was as always down to them.
********
Magnusson had suggested that Xiang, Koppelt and the Committee attend the show. Whether they wanted to include a politician like Rabinowitz was their call. Without knowing what was to unfold Koppelt thought it better to have the option of editing what would be passed on.
The first pictures that Earth representatives saw on the transmission was what they took to be Redgrave, very carefully placing powder on to plants in numbered trays, the trays themselves being in a discrete closed environment. He spoke to them, explaining that this experiment was with the amorphous form of the red crystals and they would come back to look at the effects later. Magnusson then appeared and said he would like to introduce Alex Redgrave. They were obviously confused and there was some shrugging of shoulders, which stopped when the Commander did not point to the person who had just described the plant tests, but someone who walked into camera shot from the opposite side. The confusion turned to astonishment as the camera focus retreated to show the entire crew, killing the notion that this was some fancy dress party. There were eight people.
“This is Alex Redgrave; some of you have met him and spoken with him. This is someone who Redgrave will introduce in a moment, none of you have seen or spoken to him before. I would suggest you contain all urges to formulate questions until you have heard and seen the entire transmission. Over to you Redgrave.”
 Alex Redgrave now sat next to his double and said he needed to refer back to the discussions which had already taken place about the red crystals and its potential to move of its own accord. “During one of the experiments to verify this claim there was inadvertent contact between myself and the amorphous form. The migration continued through my skin to enter my bloodstream. More on the mechanism will be explained by my friend here who we now refer to as Alex 2. The process of replication took several hours and is referred to by Alex 2 as the completion. I have no discernable after effects of this process, except that of Alex 2’s replication of my entire knowledge base. This is not a physical concern. It is purely psychological and can be remedied by deletion of that knowledge if desired. I have actually felt better mentally than for some considerable time, and look forward with even more enthusiasm to following up this life-changing experience.”
Alex 2 introduced himself and quickly said that they would notice an editing frame while the scene changed to one where he was EVA wearing the same clothes and nothing else. Following the demonstration the filming process returned to the gathered crew. “Hopefully this will be sufficient to convince you that I am different from Alex. It also follows that in order for you to pose your many questions it will be helpful if you start out with the acceptance that ‘life’ as you have referred to it hitherto is at least under review. Sentience is another subject with which you may have trouble but that can come later. I will now hand you back to Commander Magnusson”
Magnusson thanked them for their patience and said the crew had, in addition to accommodating such an experience, suffered the agonising hours of helplessness before knowing whether Redgrave was going to die. He asked Alex 2 to return to the trays and as the camera followed him there was clear evidence of massive growth or replication of the plant specimens. He declared the initial transmission complete and awaited their response.

Chapter 23

The import of the presentation dictated that Xiang and Koppelt discuss questions related to the mission status and widening of this revelation. That widening had to take in the members of the other discussion group – the Experts, who were not feeling that they deserved such a lofty accolade. It was agreed that they should go first with their questions. This was to ensure Koppelt would hear every comment and the boffins would only hear stuff related to their own field. They were forewarned that all knowledge of this event was to remain with the six of them until further notice, and to that end they would be required to live on site for the present.
Cameron was elected as the spokesman for the first transmission. The queries were predictably many and varied, and it made more sense for Alex 2 to give a reply in lecture form, hopefully covering every aspect. He began, “The first point is with regard to your difficulty in broadening your appreciation of what can constitute life. If I may start with something which risks upsetting you; organic driven systems are littered with weaknesses. Some of these are - shelf life, energy and waste management, unstructured genetic mutation or reinforcement. Your science journals contain many claims that the unravelling of the genetic code illustrates how wonderfully elegant the evolutionary process of humanity has been. An alternate view is that the repetitive passing of biochemical information between cells and the eventual involvement of the brain, assisted by visual, audio, olfactory and other senses such as touch, is extremely limited in efficiency. Paradigm frequency is impacted. My form has other limitations but in this respect the inorganic nucleus is more robust and ordered in replication and information processing. It will surprise you to know that your need for sustenance and regenerative rest has subsequently been designed out of my replicated form. My metabolic cycle is based upon information rather than food. I need no rest other than enforced re-crystallisation. Your crew is aware that I have been on Mars for several billions of years in that form. When an information plateau occurs and persists, my form would regress. The closest word in your language is hibernation, where an environmental stimulus causes metabolic shut down until a change re-energises the activity. My most recent ‘hibernation’ started three and a half billion years ago, but all prior information is retained. The encounter with this crew was caused by the lab condition breaking the environmental hibernation conditions, then the curiosity/confinement ‘gene’ generates extremely primitive movement patterns, (I will come back to this) and eventual contact with a promising information source. During the completion my programming copies everything from the source and decides later what is needed. You can see the functions of form, communication, senses, and brain function have been activated. Since then the brain has been bypassed in favour of a more efficient data handling and retrieval system. The brain is still there and can be reactivated if necessary. The locomotion system is useful but has been adapted to function without muscular need for organic nutrients such as glycogen. The entire system associated with digestion is unused. It is still there but considered to be inefficient use of resource. Everything that was copied was constituted with memory cells as opposed to biological cells. The amorphous form, upon transition from the crystalline form, engaged a reaction mechanism for memory cell modification as demanded. This is chemistry you may discover, but at present your analytical techniques are unable to detect the primary particle array of control available.
“There are two specific items to which there are simpler technical explanations but may raise ethical or moral issues. The first deals with any intentions I or we may have to attempt further replications. That is your decision. The term completion means exactly that, I will not breed. If some amorphous form accidently reached me, it would assess changes from the time of the first completion and if not significant, move on. Similar accidental contact with another human would result in replication. Plants are slightly different insofar as the higher functions are less in number and complexity than in humans. They are not sentient and therefore cannot decide upon further replication, but rather are likely to grow indiscriminately into more contact. The change in size, bud formation, loss of leaf etc. would be interpreted as sufficiently different from the first replication to trigger another. The decision for you to confine the amorphous form to prevent ‘danger’ of unplanned human copying would be prudent, as long as you recognise the programmed need for it to escape. The safest temporary location you have is the containers where it already resides; the long term alternative is the Martian canyon which will cause recrystallisation.
“The second issue concerns the fear of something like this replication occurring on Earth and all kinds of implications. There will be seeds of crystals on your planet which may have intersected with prehistoric or more recent species already. As such, they would be part of your planet’s or even your own rate of evolution. Crystals could be buried by tectonic shifts, volcanic or extraterrestrial impacts at any time since the formation of the planet. A side issue of this has been brought to my attention. Much of human society has belief in some kind of “God”. The notion of a creator and judgement entity to explain all things which cannot otherwise be understood is not illogical. My own existence was planned by some entity called the Progenitors. To save time I am appending the information I have as to their form and purpose. Although I do not view them as a God I can see that the sheer mention of this could disturb the beliefs to which I referred. I can also anticipate that some of these Gods will recommend purging of such controversial alternative views. They may even demand my erasure, as an alien life form, which conflicts with their teachings. That, if you choose such a path, will not erase the fact that these events took place. The consequence as well as the decision is yours. For me and the Progenitors there will be another time whichever way you decide. The human species is likely to have mutated or become extinct in the time frame considered worthwhile of analysis by my designers. This is not a new dilemma for humans who have controlled the world over the non-nomadic history, but it is one in which a promising species can shed some of its use of moral high ground as a progressive social tool. Delusion and illusion are the opposite sides of the same thing – control. I look forward to the next transmission.”

Chapter 24

The committee members had already started scribbling when Koppelt ushered them out to another office. He told Xiang of his guess at how the politicians would want to handle this. The Mission Controller nodded and predicted a similar level of confusion over the direction of the project. They spelled out their respective unease on the transmission, which was addressed for Magnusson and Veltrano only. When Magnusson said they had obtained the alias of Fatim Ahmed from the replicant and that he was at university with Redgrave, Koppelt relaxed a little. He brightened even more when the connection with Syria was added. Xiang was apprehensive of calls for Darwin’s voyage to be postponed, and the return of Copernicus to be similarly held in abeyance until there was proof of zero contamination of every member of the crew. Magnusson was despondent that his advice to go this route appeared to have provoked such a poor appreciation back on Earth. 
Investigations by Koppelt’s team came up with an interesting slant. Nobody wanted to talk of Fatim Ahmed. That is until he received a request to meet Eyal Rabinowitz. He assumed it was to do with the Martian bombshell. They arranged to meet for dinner at the Beijing Hilton. On the way he pondered who might have leaked some or all, of the Mars situation so quickly and yet avoided widespread journalistic claims of a cover up. He was surprised then that Eyal opened the exchange with a military history lesson. “During the last Middle East conflict, Iran, having recently developed nuclear weaponry, was keen to honour certain promises made to America, Russia and China for their duplicitous ‘blind eye’ policy over this. Consequently, the Arab states which were left to fight the actual war were vocally supported by Iran, and the sponsorship of subversive action against Israel continued; no Iranian forces were involved. This caused bitterness and eventually a United States of Arabia was formed, despite many deep initial reservations. The ploy that it only needed to be forged for the Jihad prevailed. As you know, it is still in existence. This also left the West free to support Israel and the East to act as some kind of pseudo-humanitarian referee.
“The main ‘fixer’ in these fractious alliances for the Arab states was Fatim Ahmed. He was known by a different name then, Nasser something, but it was him. There were others who were politicians and investors, but he was the man behind the scenes. I hope this is helpful.”
“It is indeed. How did you know I was looking for him?”
“I still have friends in and around Israel, as you might imagine, and the grapevine does shake when questions are asked about someone like that. As long as he breathes, they cannot rest.”
Koppelt considered carefully his next question. “Can you lead me to him or would that be imprudent in your present office?”
“It is indeed very sensitive; I shouldn’t really know what I have just told you. I can’t participate any further.”
Karl seized upon this bullshit and confessed, “There are a couple of other things you should not know, the first is about an organisation called the Circle of Restoration.”
“Keep your voice down Karl, neither of us should know that. I think we are done here.”
“Not quite. You should also not know of the discovery of life on Mars - well, not yet anyway. We are double checking the veracity of the claim. It would be just as embarrassing for me if there was general knowledge of who told you, similar to your tip off on Ahmed. Many thanks for the confidence you have shown in me. Goodnight.” Koppelt felt a little better than he had before dinner. 
********
The questions deluged in from the Committee, reaching from the potential life-extending impact for humans to the almost theological need to know everything about the Progenitors. There was a distinct air of anti-climax when Alex 2’s replies were consistently delivered as – ‘it is really for your species to decide’. When they tried to convey to him that humanity had a poor record in decision making of this magnitude, if it is left to politicians, he simply said that it was not his way or that of the Progenitors to interfere at this level of detail. One specific response he gave was on the question of damage or regeneration of replicant tissue. He told them that the central data system assessed the situation continuously and failing or damaged data cells were replaced by new ones, unless the damage was to unused or redundant parts.
Xiang’s anxiety over the beckoning Darwin launch precipitated a meeting with the Confederation of Nations Executive Panel. There were seven members including Rabinowitz. The predictable knee-jerk reaction of the majority was to delay the launch until cast-iron evidence of these replicants’ benign nature was obtained. They wanted to delay the Copernicus return for the same reason. Xiang was relieved when Rabinowitz disclosed some of the details of his discussion with Koppelt and urged absolutely no delay in Darwin’s launch after thorough additional safety checks of personnel and equipment. “Procrastination on this would play into the hands of detractors, and our people on Mars need relief together with essential supplies.”
********
This had managed to reverse the decision and Xiang quickly contacted Magnusson for his input on any modifications to crew make up. They agreed on one - replacing Natalia’s function with more expertise in the area of life sciences, chemistry, physics etc.
Koppelt had virtually given up on the feelers he had put out to contact Ahmed when out of the blue he received a hand-delivered letter on official United States of Arabia stationery. It pointed out that a request to meet with their personnel had to be approved via their embassy in Beijing. He duly went there personally and was met with a screening process which eventually landed him in a tiny office.
A stocky man greeted him with rehearsed insincerity and told him his boss was in Dubai at this time. Before he could reply the man said, “My boss controls all of Mr. Ahmed’s appointments. I will make a call to see if he can speak with you.”
The call was successful and Koppelt was handed the phone. “Aziz here, I’m about to enter a meeting. Please, be brief.” Koppelt tried to condense the pertinent details of his agenda into a couple of sentences but was cut off by Aziz. “I see, Mr. Ahmed will be informed and you will have some response tomorrow, please leave contact details with my assistant.”
As he left the embassy Karl held out no hope of this going further. The next day he did receive an invitation to meet Ahmed in Dubai and was informed of reservations in his name at the Dubai Crescent Palace. His flights were booked and the embassy in Beijing would deliver the paperwork within an hour.
********
The Committee was asked to give recommendations on several back up candidates who had undergone sufficient mission training, to fill the new slot. The usual arguments raged but eventually it was Mueller who won the day with his view that expertise in inorganic/organometallic chemistry was paramount if the replicant was to be the main focus. They chose Jussi Pykonnen, a Finnish citizen who had domiciled in Tunguska for most of his professional career, to study extra-terrestrial imports. He had several submissions accredited on research with Diatoms. It had been proposed for some time that in order to explain one of nature’s mysteries, these single-celled entities had to isolate silicon from water to transport it across the cell membrane and then deposit it as a solid. However to accomplish this in the lab requires high temperature, pressure and extreme ph levels. Yet Diatoms achieve this in normal conditions, and as such are considered as the first evidence of Carbon-Silicon compound formation during the life cycle of an ‘organism’. Pykonnen had taken issue with the word organism because it kept implying that life could only exist with organic (carbon based) chemistry. The simple Diatom had achieved with ease what the best chemists in the world struggled to produce in the lab. Pykonnen’s work had drawn on a premise that in order to metabolise, Silicon based life must draw material into other cells through some kind of interaction with organic chemicals. Early proposals centred on Silicon offering bonding possibilities to Nitrogen through organic groups. The organic groups, he theorised, could be part of the process and not necessarily part of the data based metabolism, like a catalyst or a facilitator. The Committee members felt this could explain the existence of Methyl and Phenyl groups in the Scarlet O’Hara crystals. Pykonnen was briefed and scheduled for the launch programme.

Chapter 25

The Committee members were frantic to justify their choice of Pykonnen by designing a rigorous programme of analysis and tried to get more answers from Alex 2. The replicant offered the view that they were not optimising their approach to what his presence could mean. “Have you really grasped the significance that unless your species begins to contemplate other forms of progress it is destined to become extinct, at the latest, with the death of your sun? That may seem a long way ahead to your politicians but it will be a promising evolutionary dead end. Your existing biological structure is not equipped to escape your solar system. Maybe you should concentrate on ways to possibly transcend this fate. Silicon is the 8th most common element in your Universe and the 2nd most abundant on your mother planet. Pure statistical probability would support the fact that it has a much bigger part to play than you currently perceive. So far my own knowledge of your amassed libraries of information has been restricted. If you want more commentary from me it would be useful to send me data for assimilation. A good example may be that upon discussing common knowledge with Redgrave, I was able to tell him that I have interacted with what you call fossils. By your definition they are dead but not by ours. They are not revivable, but contain data upon which I can offer more precision than your science.”
Cameron was the only one who took this critique positively and this was a problem. He knew it would be even more difficult to convince the Executive. He mused to himself that it has been a human trait for millennia to demonise that which cannot be understood.
The replicant’s time was in high demand, by the crew as well as Earth enquiries. Dupree, Banjani and Natalia came to him with a conundrum. The plants used in the transmission to Earth were behaving strangely. The first generation specimens were making good progress. The second, third and subsequent generations of replicant plants were much bigger, healthier looking, but appeared to have no roots. Alex 2 said this was normal; the plants had not been protected from additional contact with the amorphous form. Successive replications had involved the assessment of useful and non-essential characteristics. Since the roots were only there for water/nutrient absorption they were considered disadvantageous. The cycle could be optimised on the tiny amounts of water vapour in the Habitat ‘air’. He referred them to further observations that the replicant versions had prospered better outside as well. They stood up to the dust storms whereas the first generation specimens were battered despite the protective covers. Alex 2 reminded them that Mars has little atmosphere, but what there is of it comprises Carbon Dioxide over 95%, Nitrogen around 3% and of the rest only 0.2% is oxygen. “So by progressively replicating designs which can employ systems to flourish in the prevailing conditions, it is like fast forwarding evolution. Turning Carbon Dioxide to Oxygen is required by the plant and beneficial to humans. Absorption of Nitrogen is optimised through replicant chemistry without the need for water based nitrogenous feeding. On top of that the replicant versions have superior resistance to the temperature cycles and radiation threat, so as long as there is information flow the new species will flourish. We have to hope that by the time the spreading of the hardy types reaches information plateaux, there is the tiniest change in temperature cycles and atmosphere composition to sustain the evolutionary mutation. 
“Of course this is the same for human replication. If I was to be deliberately contacted with the amorphous form, the replication of the brain, digestive and cardiovascular systems would not occur, as experience has now rendered them unnecessary and they take up valuable processing capacity which could be diverted to something like analytical capability of minerals, monitoring of atmosphere changes etc.”
 These casual lectures by their new friend were becoming more arduous to rank in their preconceived world. Yet there was a much more open view of his revelations than the scepticism of those on Terra. After all they were dealing with Martian problems every moment. The detached position of the Earthlings gave them perspective, the big question was the degree of false perspective in each location.
The news that Darwin was launching on schedule was well received by the crew. The big surprise was that Redgrave had expressed a wish to stay on Mars with the Darwin crew. His ‘awakening’ and abandonment of his suicide plan had given him purpose. Magnusson said that this would be reviewed with his colleagues and Mission Control. He could not rule out Intelligence input either.
********
When Koppelt had arrived at his opulent accommodation in Dubai there was a note informing him of impending contact from Ahmed. It came via telephone, and purportedly from the man himself. “Mr. Koppelt, welcome to Dubai, I’m prepared to talk with you but I’m flying to Damascus this afternoon. Would you join me on a private jet? We can discuss whatever you have in mind securely, and my aircraft will return you directly to Dubai while I continue on to my appointment. If this is acceptable my driver will pick you up in thirty minutes.”
Koppelt thought quickly, said that would be fine, and rang his own office to let them know of his intention, and indicated he would check in again on his return to the hotel in Dubai. If they received no confirmation of this they were to initiate an immediate search for him. On boarding the aircraft he was checked over for the usual items of concern but was then surprised by having to walk through a full body scanning booth. Once he had settled down Ahmed made his entrance. He was a diminutive, rather unremarkable looking individual, wearing even less noteworthy dark lenses. His voice however commanded more attention. “So tell me about these startling discoveries on Mars and please expand on your interest in – what is it – the Circle of Restoration?”
Having given Ahmed news that Redgrave’s purpose on Copernicus had been discovered in time for his murder to be prevented, and his contact run to ground from an intensive Intelligence operation, not from Redgrave himself, the Circle of Restoration had come to light.
“Interesting, in general terms – but who is Redgrave? And why do you believe I can tell you anything about this cult or society?”
Koppelt looked at him, directly through the lenses. “This meeting was a mistake. I’m sorry. I thought you might want to benefit from a meaningful discussion. I wanted to give your people a chance to review their plans before some information I have turns those plans to dust.”
“How can you convince me you really have something to say?”
“’Something to trade’ would be more accurate. I already know you brokered the formation of the aforementioned society; I need the names of the players.”
“Really, Mr. Koppelt, you have to indicate what it is you think I would consider committing suicide for.”
Karl Koppelt smiled and decided to let the brinkmanship run. “What I’m able to tell you will become public in a few days, but in these situations even minutes are precious, otherwise I would not have flown here at such short notice. What is worth millions today can be without value tomorrow. I will simply resume my normal route of enquiry to get the information I need.”
Ahmed frowned. “The people you are trying to identify have no names, are extremely ruthless and even more powerful. You are wasting your time.”
“Then we have both wasted our time. I hope your time in Damascus is not cut short by some barely believable story.”
Ahmed rose to his feet. “Maybe we have to exchange fragments to get an idea of what is really on offer.”
“Not practical, I’m afraid. As you have not attempted to directly deny that you know Redgrave, or you are indirectly responsible for his failed intentions, I can see that you may be asked to explain why you couldn’t have learned something from this meeting. My only interest is to neutralise further danger to our people. We’ll get the information without you as will become apparent when the news breaks.”
Ahmed gambled. “Your offer of help is much appreciated. Unfortunately it is also too vague.” 
“Very well, at least Mr. Rabinowitz will be pleased if the rest of us are not. Goodbye.” Ahmed was ever so slightly disturbed by this calculated conclusion to the meeting.

Chapter 26

Dupree had managed to get a one on one discussion with Alex 2. He wanted to know more about the ‘family tree’ aspect of this replication process. “You have stated that a completion is exactly that, and you, for example, can’t interact with a second generation replicant, say Alex 3, to produce a hybrid. Have I understood correctly?”
“Yes.”
“Right,” continued Dupree, “so contact between the amorphous form and the second generation replicant would only have updated knowledge and redundancy effected compared to the original clone?”
“Yes.”
“This doesn’t allow for cross building of knowledge in the same way that human genes work with characteristics. Isn’t this a big disadvantage?”
Alex 2 admitted it could be, but said it would depend on the problems or opportunities to be faced in the future. “I have tried to convey many times that the strategy of the Progenitors is one of reaction not pro-activity. In the same respect our movement could be considered a primitive attribute, but is designed that way. This disadvantage you refer to is seen as many linear strands of possibility, rivalling the perceived advantage of spreading the benefits and pitfalls of biological genetic conference of direction. It is understandably a human viewpoint. If however, you look at this from another perspective, for example the biological prison you inhabit, the stranded development of organic and inorganic sentience can offer a way out, or paradigm opportunity. You must be tired of me saying that it is up to your species to evaluate this choice. Can I ask why you are pursuing this line of enquiry?”
Dupree did not know whether it was possible to confide in a replicant but took the risk. “I’m considering a completion for myself. I was being devil’s advocate in a way, I want to give something more to the science of Medicine, and you have really confirmed such a replication will preserve its identity in that field. It will only be corrupted with politics etc. by updating interaction with other data sources.”
“Yes, that is the guiding rationale, the data from the first completion is embedded in 1st tier registry, and the subsequent accumulation of data, including redundancy criteria is subordinated to 2nd tier. As you have seen with me, the core knowledge of Alex Redgrave has been reinforced with data from billions of years ago and is the sum is what I am. I can therefore help Alex assimilate knowledge in his field that he otherwise could not access. The post-completion gain in knowledge that I am acquiring is potentially useful in considering further replication. All knowledge can be deleted, the 1st tier type leaves blank space, and 2nd tier vacates re-usable space. Any need for regeneration assesses and adjusts the ratio of first and second tier capacity to the optimum at that time”
Dupree nodded, “I have decided to go ahead, please do not reveal this to anyone as I fear it would be prevented.” 
“Would you like me to delete the conversation now?”
“Well,” ventured Dupree, “if I have got the hang of this, then after the completion, the replicant and I would know of this conversation and it can be retained or deleted thereafter. I don’t want you to be suspected of advising or coercing me to this action, so please delete it now.”
Dupree made contact with the amorphous form and just before the swelling would become noticed, he confided in Natalia, and asked her to apologise to the others for the secrecy, but there was no other way. He was prepared for the consequences. She was utterly shocked, but then some understanding of his thinking filtered through the disturbance. The Commander was not going to be so objective.
Ever since the revelations about his agenda, Redgrave had not enjoyed much social intercourse with the rest of the crew. Knowing of his history, his about face and decision to stay on Mars had mellowed the feeling a little, but he was still aware of mistrust. None more so than from Carvalho, who had to accompany him every day to Pandora’s Rift. Redgrave was collecting samples with a vengeance and Carvalho’s role as safety presence was getting him down. The drillbot was now concentrated very much on the base of the chasm. Most of the samples were rocky with deposited layers of white and coloured strata, so this was very slow capture, and added to Carvalho’s frustration.
“So Redgrave, what is it about you God people that persuades you that it is acceptable to harm innocent people, when you all claim that your religion teaches tolerance and sanctity of life?”
“Indoctrination and constant propaganda for a young person is difficult to resist if you are isolated with your doubts.”
Carvalho persisted. “I’m not talking exclusively about your own religion. History accuses all forms of the omnipotent one having disciples of power by fear.”
“I can’t deny what you claim. I can only deal with my own situation at present. It has taken an event of this magnitude and lack of counter propaganda to see things differently.”
Carvalho was unrelenting. “What do you think protagonists of fundamentalism really want to achieve? I can appreciate many values of your moderate Islamic culture, and there have been wrongs inflicted over time on Jews, Christians, Hindus, Pagans, etc. but we can’t carry this around forever. Capitalism is a target too. Not everyone in the world shares the extolled virtues of such a system, including myself, but it must be changed by supplanting it with a better way.”
Redgrave shrugged his shoulders. “You are talking from a position of strength and hope. Many of the fundamentalists you are talking about have nothing, except of course, the promise of a better deal in the next life.”
Carvalho’s frustration was rising. “They want to take over the world by terror, inflicted first on their own people and through them on others. It is comparable with the Inquisition. Strange how all you so called ‘cleansers of the soul’ always have a different God on your side.”
This venomous twist extracted something from Redgrave which struck Carvalho as unusual. “You must not always assume religion is responsible for all strategy Daniel. There is also ability to affect your own destiny when a major change rears its head, like the colonisation consequences we are spearheading right now.”
“Yeah right, let’s get back to Central.”
 Magnusson was furious. “What the hell does Dupree think he is doing? This can prejudice the entire mission. The doom and gloom brigade will gain credibility from it. I will brief everyone, thanks Natalia.”
********
When Koppelt got back to the Crescent Palace he settled down and reflected that he had made the earlier phone call to base anticipating that his ‘want for nothing’ suite was bugged. He made the next call even more certain of this. “I’m back, no problem. However there is no progress to report. He was visibly disturbed at the mention of brother Eyal’s involvement. Imagine his discomfort when he realises we have a double of Redgrave. I’ll be back tomorrow.” 
He was right - within an hour there was a knock on the door. A young bellboy delivered an envelope and said he would receive a visit from another ‘gentleman’ very soon. The contents were coded and the new arrival was to unravel the symbols. It read. ‘The people I represent would rather talk about their programme than their identity, and they assume that may be what you want anyway. If this is the case I can meet you tomorrow at your suite. You would be expected to offer in return more information about the forthcoming news you mentioned’. Koppelt asked the translator to set up the meeting and called his office to verify his delayed return.
********
Magnusson addressed the crew with a balance of good and bad news. “Darwin has been launched and will be here on schedule. There are some minor last minute changes to its crew and cargo which will be explained via the next transmission. Before you jump for joy, I have to report that our Doctor is taking a rest because he has taken it upon himself to undergo a completion with the amorphous form. He didn’t consult me and I’m afraid this may well have consequences when Earth Intelligence is informed. They may suspect that we’re all being or have been replicated by a hostile life form, and Darwin could conceivably be ordered to investigate prior to our return.”
There was a palpable discomfort in the group, for different reasons. Carvalho and Veltrano were bordering on anger, Redgrave felt even more like a leper, and the women consequently were nervous about expressing support for Dupree’s motives, thereby challenging the increasing testosterone level of the crew.

Chapter 27

Ahmed arrived with a heavy looking entourage which was promptly posted in the corridor and stairways. Before he could dispense with the pleasantries, a beep alerted Ahmed that he had been ‘detected’ and was now monitored by his own electronic surveillance device and Koppelt smiled. “No less than I would have expected; so you now know of Redgrave’s double, which means it is your turn.”
For the first time his adversary took off his lenses. A weary rub of the eyes, a polish and refitting of the dark glasses gave a thinking space. “Our position is simple. The Arab world in particular, but also many other Muslims, question the wisdom of the colonisation project. We fear that it takes the brake off many efforts to implement programmes of conservation. We frankly do not believe many of the statistics quoted by the Confederation of Nations, and any challenge to this is met with a wall of silence. We are convinced that the entire world population is being blindsided by Capitalist agenda in a highly irresponsible way.”
“Nothing new there then,” said Koppelt.
“Hear me out,” retorted Ahmed, “we do not seek to destroy, harm or intimidate to get this point across, merely to cast doubt over the risks of crossing this frontier too early and insufficiently prepared. We have no other voice.”
Koppelt was now talking, secure in the knowledge that Darwin was under way. “Mmm, well this kind of issue is outside my remit. However, as a member of the human species I can appreciate that what I have to tell you might actually make your task more difficult. The double you overheard me discussing is a Martian life form.”
Confusion and distrust alternated before the trite response. “You really expect me to tell my people this is the trade?”
“It will be going out to the world media in the next thirty-six hours. When you see the visuals you may not be so sceptical, and remember, we have to deal with this as well.”
Ahmed drew breath. “Mr. Koppelt, you may be in danger if this prank is carried through.”
“Look, if your people do not prepare themselves for this news, they will regret it. Redgrave’s replication by this life form has caused him to re-evaluate his faith in the light of it. It is a huge turning point in our civilisation. For millennia, religion has enjoyed the role of cement between people. Notwithstanding holy wars, religion has been used to control the hopes and fears of ordinary citizens. All religions are now going to face interrogation from the populace. This is not a mollusc or dinosaur we are talking about, rather a species that is in many ways more sophisticated than we are. I don’t mind admitting it has made me question my own rationale in choosing this career path. I don’t think you will want to make this announcement yourselves for obvious reasons, but you may want to prepare. Surviving a tsunami is more likely if you have even a short advance warning.”
Ahmed bristled with fear. “Would you be prepared to stay here until this news does break? I take on board some of what you say, and it is possible some of my representatives will change their mind about meeting you.”
Karl Koppelt was on a high. “I can’t be here when the news breaks; I have to be in Beijing. As I said, we have to deal with this too, but if your colleagues still want to meet subsequently, I can absolutely guarantee their anonymity and safety. I also genuinely believe it could be fruitful in gaining ground toward this voice you feel has been denied. Wait and see the transmission for yourselves.” Ahmed left the room a very nervous man holding the twin babies he had been presented with.
********
When it broke, the news polarised the written media from the instant ‘in your face variety’. The latter were guilty as usual of asking for encyclopaedic precision in response to woolly conjecture. The authors of more considered enquiry concentrated primarily on ‘the moment you will always remember where you were, when you heard that mankind is not alone’. They also made the point that one of the objectives of the mission was to find evidence of past or present life. Saturation coverage by TV lowered the quality of discussion and predictably hungered for sensationalism with their well-oiled embroidery of facts. It did not materialise as the instant bombshell it threatened to be, mainly because its flavour of unbelievability lingered for longer than anticipated. The unease with the unknown, however, was gradually supplanting novelty. Groups, societies, even governments were forming organised representation on dealing with the discovery of aliens in a better fashion than Roswell. 
Now the Experts were under a similar barrage of questions to the one that they had hurled at the replicant. They were fielded with less agility than politicians would have engaged, and thus fuelled a gathering snowball of thickening mistrust. One request they received was from the now infamous replicant himself. He suggested that if one of the foremost physicists in the world was prepared to undergo a completion with amorphous form returning from Mars, it would greatly assist in human understanding of the Progenitors. He explained that although that knowledge was present in him, the limitation of Redgrave’s comprehension of cosmic mechanics inhibited his ability to articulate it in ‘layman’s terms’.
He cited late 20th century views that the expanding universe was expected to run out of steam, whereupon gravity concentrates, creating such phenomena as black holes and dark matter, which were predicted to rein in everything, to culminate in a big crunch – the antithesis to the big bang. Then later research proposed that the force driving the expansion was not simply the initial explosive, unrestricted momentum. It was accompanied by dark energy. This would continue to fuel the outward surge, suggesting two other possible outcomes. The first would occur if the acceleration continues and it would ultimately rip the fabric of space, delivering a violent spreading wave of absolute destruction of everything. The second being the gradual stabilisation of the rate of expansion, and a slow cooling of stars as their nuclear fuel runs out, the universe is ultimately extinguished.
However, he argued there are other factors, two of them being the Progenitors and their counterparts residing in dark energy. This is not a conventional struggle, winning is losing, and if humanity fulfills its promise, this has to be understood and acted upon.
********
Unlike the first completion Dupree’s was not attended by a spellbound audience. Vigilance was kept in turn by the crew, the exception being that security dictated Redgrave had to be accompanied. For him it was almost a religious event. It followed exactly the same pattern and the new Pascal 2 was quick to notice Alex 2, and after greeting one another they conversed in complete silence. It was assumed to be telepathic; it wasn’t. The explanation was too difficult to convey from replicant to human. Dupree monopolised Pascal 2’s time for hours, having his own knowledge accredited or updated. 
Banjani and Natalia were making notes on the outside plant experiments with soil from different depths. There was a repetitive pattern showing the deepest samples yielding stronger growth. “We should do soil analysis to find out why,” said Natalia. Banjani scoffed, “Yes, if Alex can tear himself away from the Beijing programme, and his hoard of new blue/green crystals. Do you think we’ll still get the returning hero’s reception we anticipated when we first discovered Alex 2?”
“No, it has all soured a bit, but there will be vultures circling to get any carrion from us for their grubby public post-mortem.”
“Natalia, do you wish you were home now? I’m not looking forward to telling Mali I just want to move on. I will have to leave my country to make sure this happens, so I guess I could have done with some hero status to land a good job.” Natalia had a lump in her throat. “Where will you go?”
“Don’t know,” confessed Indira, “maybe California. I also need a break from my native culture.”
“I have always wanted to go there myself but never got around to it, I have spent so much time preparing for this mission. Maybe I will go there someday.”
“Just do it,” quipped Indira, “let’s both just take a leap into the unknown.”
“I – I don’t know, it’s a big decision, my grandparents will want me to be near and there is....”
Indira stopped the sermon. “Think of reasons you should, not those why you should not, and if it doesn’t appeal, then sure, rule it out. Forget about going there together, if that’s the problem; just fulfill your original wish to go there. It doesn’t have to be forever.” 
“No, that’s not a problem, you are right, it’s just that I’m not used to subordinating all considerations to my gut feelings. Maybe it’s time I did.” Indira shrieked, “Fantastic, now we can begin to plan stuff in our heads, I’m really excited again.” Natalia was introspective. She wasn’t being completely honest to her friend and yet dared not. However, she decided to take Indira’s advice and just go for it, the other would wait.
********
Since Koppelt had heard nothing from Ahmed he attempted contact via the original route. The response was simple – he had disappeared. 
The issues surrounding Alex 2’s proposed completion of an eminent physicist were manifold. And that was before the disclosure of Pascal 2. Now the theory uppermost in the prudence column was that somehow the aliens had mind control over the crew and this could be imported to Earth. The Trojan horse (or virus) reared its head again. The objectivity column was suffering deserters by the day. There seemed to be little feeling for how this would impact the crew or the replicants, who truly had a Copernicus view of the Earth right now.
********
Magnusson communicated this to Xiang and Koppelt. “We’re beginning to feel as if we are awaiting sentence and the trial has yet to be scheduled. We anticipated some hysteria but you people look pretty stupid from here. Alex 2 is unemotional, almost logic bound, and he is struggling to evaluate our hierarchy/anarchy membrane. Gentlemen, we must recover our clarity of mission, and although I understand what you are dealing with there, the net result is that we are sabotaging the project much more effectively than Redgrave ever could have done.”
Koppelt shocked Xiang by his accord with Magnusson. “We are intensifying our efforts on Redgrave’s connections Commander. I’ll talk with the Executive and hopefully get some assurance that we can swat some of the rising, uninformed, conspiracy nuts that are fuelling the mob. We need a coherent programme here in order for your remit to be achieved. I’ll get back to you on this.”
“Thanks,” said Magnusson, “that reminds me - Carvalho passed something on to me after a heated verbal exchange. Redgrave had blurted out that the force behind his agenda was not religious per say, but related to unease at the position the perpetrators find themselves in at this threshold of colonisation, kind of missing out on this ‘last frontier’.”
“Well, that’s very interesting Commander, and very helpful.” This made much more sense to Koppelt than Xiang. Karl Koppelt really did need to find Ahmed if that was possible.
********
It seemed unusual that the replicants didn’t spend more time together. They didn’t need to. They could communicate when they were apart. Knowledge through this electronic banter would be stored in the respective second tier banks. A common conclusion they came to was suggesting the benefit of modification of some Nanotech projects, to repair, replace or even circumvent the need for certain human organs. Magnusson knew how this would be received on Terra, but declined to do anything other than agree with the inorganic duo. He was surprised when his question of whether they could apply this sort of thinking to plants was floated. Instead of a derisive reply they simply nodded in affirmation and began their now familiar silent cooperation, and disappeared outside into the Martian sun.

Chapter 28

The call was completely unexpected. Koppelt said, “Where are you?”
“That is not something I can divulge, are you able to offer me a sanctuary?”
“Why do you need cover?” was Koppelt’s rejoinder.
“That is also something I cannot speak about by phone, but you must have some idea because you have been looking for me.”
“Yes, you went missing.”
“Yes or no?”
Koppelt was thinking on his feet. “It’s always possible. I assume you want unofficial status. That’s risky. What do I get out of it, apart from an early pension?”
“I believe you have already figured that out.”
‘Encouraging,’ thought Karl, “Ok, you know my office address. When you are within two miles walking distance, phone me. Get rid of that mobile and the new one after you call me in Beijing.”
“Thank you.”
********
Veltrano and Carvalho took turns to lecture Dupree on how his stupid unilateral action had virtually sentenced them all to an indefinite Earth quarantine. He protested that his action would ultimately be beneficial to humanity if they could only see it. “That’s the whole damned point,” shouted Veltrano, “we could have told you they wouldn’t see it. If we had argued the case it may have been frustrating but there was a good chance we would win through.”
 Carvalho joined the tirade. “Why the hell did you not think of talking it through with Magnusson? At least he would have made you consider the rest of us. You couldn’t blame us for wishing you and Redgrave were out of it and we would then make do with your reproductions. They have more common sense in one data cell than you two put together. You make me sick. You aren’t even sorry Dupree, you pathetic, selfish bastard!”
Veltrano twisted the knife. “Dupree, you must admit that in any unforeseen loss of supply, such as life support, you’ve really made yourselves vulnerable. Your Mk. 2 versions are better than you two at what you do, and they are resource neutral. You are disposable.”
Visibly shaken by the vitriolic attack, Dupree tried to leave and muttered something about seeing the Commander. Carvalho lost it and smashed a fist into his jaw. The slight holding force of the small magnets in his boots gave way and Dupree hurtled toward the Medical computer, knocking it into the inner skin of the wall, resulting in a puncture and a defunct database. Dupree wasn’t any luckier, his jaw was dislocated if not broken, and he quickly became unconscious.
“You were always a hothead Daniel, but this is insane. Verbal was enough; we should have let him go to Magnusson, and he would’ve been marginalised like Redgrave.”
“Sorry Javier, I have a low tolerance threshold for people who put themselves before the ‘regiment’. I have trouble containing the red mist if they don’t get the point of the dialogue. I guess I’d better go and report this alone to keep you out of it.”
“No, you’re still not thinking straight. Go for Pascal 2, I’ll give Magnusson a calm version of events.”
 The Commander was livid, and this was becoming a habit. Looking after his brood, directing the replicants, and reminding Mission Control of Mars realities drained his psychology skills. He was more disturbed by the growing fragmentation of the crew than the other issues, yet he had no obvious means of addressing the fermenting rifts. Even if Redgrave and Dupree made it back to Earth they would face very serious charges. This produced a trust dilemma. Now Carvalho should also be heavily disciplined. The females were involved in a separate activity, and the replicants chatted away about God knows what to one another. It ought to have been a psychologist’s Nirvana.
********
The call came and Koppelt had arranged to have his contact collected. He asked Ahmed where he was, via a Beijing landmark. He looked at the map grid and told him to proceed to the nearest underground station then take the southbound line for five stops. At this main interchange he should proceed to the street level. The large cylindrical building directly opposite the east exit had an expensive coffee lounge on the ground floor. He was to take a coffee and doughnuts and wait until a Chinese lady wearing a dark green trouser suit and carrying a laptop sat down with coffee and worked on her computer. He was to ask her if she had internet connection. The lady would say yes and turn the screen toward him. The webcam would allow Koppelt to verify his identity and he would then send her an email message to get Ahmed to follow her out at about twenty metres distance to a waiting car.
********
The only solid support for Alex 2’s proposal to have an eminent physicist complete with the amorphous form came from Charles Cameron. Even the other so-called experts distanced themselves from his view. Cameron had produced a long list of checkpoints to be adhered to prior to the actual event. These included stringent tests to ensure the members of the returning crew had not been compromised in any way by Scarlet O’Hara. He even offered to submit himself to be the first Earth replication as a barometer of confidence. He was not winning much support. Xiang was the only high ranking big hitter who believed that a controlled risk like this might actually benefit the human race. Out of the blue there was an enquiry which demonstrated clearly that there had been a leak. Maric had spoken off the record to a colleague in Frankfurt about this ludicrous request, and the upshot was that an anonymous offer had been made to volunteer for this ‘duplicity’. Maric was summarily booted off the Committee.
********
Redgrave had found time to carry out some preliminary analysis of the more beneficial deep soil samples. The deeper ones contained clues of possible evidence of microbes in the form of methane, water vapour and higher nitrogen content. This would have been a massive story in its own right but for its eclipse by the replicants. It was decided to drill further down in a search for microbes, at several sites. 
********
When he arrived, Ahmed was politely asked to undergo similar search tests as he had insisted Koppelt underwent on his plane. Having cleared all protocols he thanked Koppelt profusely for this accord and probably his life. He explained that the people for whom he had acted previously had responded to his disclosure about the Martian discoveries very badly. He had been summoned to begin a programme of disinformation to head off any disruption to their agenda, and particularly, a religious backlash from more militant groups. He saw this as a perfect scenario for failure, and these people didn’t do failure. “I had to get out quickly, but they would ultimately have found me in the US of Arabia. I am still in danger here and that is why I need to trade my last high card with you. I need new documents, safe residence and surgery to alter my appearance. In return I am able to give you details of their agenda. Do we have a starting point?”
“There may be diplomatic complications which I will have to clear, however in principle we have a starting point. Please begin.”
Ahmed frowned. “How do I know you will keep your word?” 
“You don’t,” admitted Koppelt, “but you don’t have much room for manoeuvre either. I also don’t know the value of what you are prepared to tell me. You begin and if it seems worthwhile to continue I’ll get clearance and schedule your surgery.”
“Very well,” sighed Ahmed, “the colonisation project came too early for the USAr. Two major stumbling blocks exist. The first is the religious and cultural perception which has to be managed. Capitalism is seen as a western disease, but as China and India are gradually forging a different kind of commercialism and rise to power, we need that time to shift expectation. Transition will be fragile. The second and crucial concern is that whenever a new frontier is breached it is always those in the most powerful position at the time who strengthen their stranglehold. We need to be in the big five. That is the strategy. Details will be furnished when I am no longer Ahmed.”
Karl winced. “I can get you safe residence and make the plans for your facelift, but you’re going to have to start filling in the details once that has been arranged.”
“Very well,” said a jittery Ahmed, “please let us make the arrangements immediately.”
The pledges were initiated and the disappearing act was first. He was flown under guard via a chartered German Intelligence aircraft to Munich. He was to reside in a Bavarian castle, then travel by helicopter a few days later to the Zurich clinic for surgery and further disclosures to Koppelt, who was to arrive earlier.

Chapter 29

Dupree’s injury had been competently treated by Pascal 2. His written request to Magnusson was refused. It was in writing as he could not yet speak because his jaw was wired. He had asked for no charges to be brought against Carvalho, he could see in hindsight why he was so upset. 
“You will both be disciplined when we return to Earth, and I’m afraid it may affect your future more than you think. I’ve run out of sympathy with both of you. I don’t want to discuss the matter again.” Dupree accepted his judgement and left to tell Banjani and Natalia in note form of the Commander’s directive to the two replicants to spearhead the up-scaling of the planting success, and come up with additional recommendations to accelerate the steps to forestation. The two women were a little unhappy at the sloppy way they had been informed and went to ask Magnusson whether he had intended the replicants to run the programme or take direction from them. They were even more uncomfortable when he indicated the former. They sarcastically asked what chores he would like them to tackle in light of their relative redundancy.
Magnusson regretted his ham-fisted way of dealing with a routine chain of command situation and said that he would get back to them. He knew his judgement was being affected by the multiple problems the mission was facing, and Darwin was months away. He desperately needed a break. He decided to involve himself in further exploration of Valles Marineris as a distraction. He asked Veltrano to join him. Banjani was to act as Commander in his absence, particularly in handling any Beijing communications. 
Redgrave was running out of amorphous form due to the continual use with the plants. Alex 2 and Pascal 2 had used the knowledge of the microbe potential given to them by Natalia to excavate in another location. There was retained information from their first sentient period on Mars of a microorganism colony towards one end of the chasm. They subsequently found these entities in abundance and harnessed their metabolism to re-grade the soil in which the plants were now being set out. Together with the existing replication improvements this gave the cultivation a new order of growth cycle somewhat independent of photosynthesis. 
********
With his first surgical appointment concluded, Ahmed was invited to flesh out his claims. “I give you this document showing key investments in the last decade and the ones planned for the next period. You can verify this easily. Individually they seem quite normal. However the trend is there to be extracted. They are centred on essential services to European economies which have seen their best days. Energy, Water, Urban Regeneration, Transport, even Sport, and of course Oil. The same pattern is there on a much more aggressive scale in South America and in its infancy in Oceania. China has been omitted because of their inflexibility, but India has offered joint ventures of this nature. By nurturing these dependency projects we would achieve two things. Gradual isolation and eventual strangulation of Israel, but more important, we will acquire maximum influence in the World Game. The slowdown of the colonisation is important in the overall timescale. To that end you have witnessed some minor disruption. There was a plan to delay launch of the Darwin but also a backup to impact its rendezvous with Copernicus.”
********
Carvalho was feeling isolated, although he was ‘assisting’ Redgrave at Pandora’s Rift during daylight, he found no rapport in the evening. He was still disgusted with Dupree. Magnusson and Veltrano talked about nothing but their jaunts of non-discovery. The replicants were polite, no more. Natalia and Banjani were inseparable and had no time for him now that he had reverted to norm.
He was becoming more agitated by the day and was verging on paranoia about the safe arrival of Darwin. The one professionally trained person who could have recognised the approaching breakdown was Magnusson, but he was on ‘vacation’.
With the others out and about, Natalia and Indira were able to spend even more time planning their move to California. Only the recuperating Dupree invaded their privacy, and as he was still unable to talk, he buried himself in his medical database. The incoming transmission was from Xiang. It was for Magnusson and designated - ‘Eyes Only’. Banjani hailed the Commander and he seemed distracted as he told her to view it and report back. She knew this was totally out of character for Magnusson but complied. Xiang’s tone was sombre and his body language distinctly uncomfortable. “Karl Koppelt has unearthed evidence that some attempt will be made to compromise the handover between Copernicus and Darwin. We are awaiting further detail but we will have to review the situation constantly and take decisions on that basis prior to orbit insertion. We also have pulled out the link between yourselves and Commander Rebrov for now. Please keep this on a need to know basis.”
Banjani sat in stunned silence. It had been one of those days, typified by the well-worn anecdote – ‘Cheer up. Things could be worse, so you cheer up and sure enough they got worse’. She hailed Magnusson again and said he really must return. It was a serious situation. Magnusson asked, “Terra? Or here on Mars?”
“Both Commander, forgive me for pointing out the obvious but it’s considerably more urgent than your current activity.”
“Well you’re enjoying your temporary command aren’t you my dear. We’ll just finish up marking these samples and return. Magnusson out.”
Banjani mentally replayed ‘Magnusson out’ – what the hell is wrong here? She went to Dupree and asked if he had given the boss any medication. He wrote down some bullshit about confidentiality. She was surprised at the anger in her own riposte. “Dupree, in case you’ve forgotten, I’m acting Commander and I need an answer from you now.” Another scribble indicated a negative. She was still concerned and went to find Natalia. “Can you suit up and ask Pascal 2 to report to me please, it’s urgent.”
The transmission from Xiang needed at least acknowledgement from Mars and she was not sure that Magnusson was in the right frame of mind to deal with this at present. Pascal 2 arrived and confirmed that Magnusson had asked him to prescribe a calming medication as he was feeling tense. Pascal 2 did not know why he had bypassed Dupree but Magnusson had informed the replicant that in this instance there was no need for the prescription to be logged. They went to his quarters and found the container, and after calculating the deviation from the recommended dosage as a factor of four, they knew he was in a serious mental state. Banjani hailed Veltrano and pleaded with him to get Magnusson back to the medical bay urgently. When he tried to convince the Commander to leave the remaining samples until tomorrow he found resistance – verbal, then physical. Veltrano knew of Magnusson’s special operations commando-style training and decided that force was not an option in suits. He called Banjani and convinced her that she should reply to the transmission, informing Xiang that Magnusson was sick and under temporary quarantine. She had been acting Commander and would comply with their request. Veltrano would coax Magnusson to make haste labelling the samples and get back as soon as possible.
She agreed with avoiding a physical confrontation and left that with Veltrano. She was not sure, however, that Magnusson’s quarantine and her knowledge of the Darwin’s predicament would steady the nerves back home and decided to wait a few hours before return contact. Natalia had guessed there was a problem and did her own digging in the med stats. There was some worrying data on Magnusson recently, which Dupree had not passed on. His excuse was, of course, his recent altercation with Carvalho. He had intended tackling the Commander about it and would do so at the first opportunity. She added the bluff of Banjani’s need to speak to Pascal 2 and only then did his theories begin to surface via scribbles. It was obviously not something trivial or she would have been told the reason when she had been despatched to find the medical replicant. She would wait for now.
Once everyone was back, Banjani and Veltrano discussed the next move. They felt that they had to let the Commander see the transmission to determine whether this would temporarily shake him out of his ‘chilled out’ mode. They had also confiscated his fix. If the recording did not meet with any responsible suggestion from him, Magnusson would need to be treated and would probably resist, so sedation would be required. Discussing this with Pascal 2 raised the problem of restraint. The replicant said that would not be a concern, he was infinitely stronger than Magnusson, and would perform the sedation unassisted. The crew were entitled to know what was happening as far as the boss was concerned, but nothing else until Banjani had responded to Xiang.

Chapter 30

Koppelt was spending a lot of time with Ahmed, who was now claiming he was not privy to the details of the interference with the communication rendezvous of the Darwin from Mars orbit with Copernicus’ crew. Koppelt was not sure whether this was a delaying tactic or the truth. “We can’t proceed further with the surgery until you have come through the recovery period. This will give you a chance to think of a way to find out what you claim you don’t know.”
Ahmed responded aggressively. “How do you propose I do that?”
“I don’t. You were the broker for the USAr, you must have connections that can still help you, and we can assist in any way you feel appropriate.”
Ahmed realised the veiled threat. “I cannot meet with anyone now that the surgery has started, that would defeat the objective.”
Koppelt was losing patience. “And we can’t just sit guessing how this interference will manifest itself. It’s a tough world, my friend. You are helping us now and that means every conceivable avenue must be explored. You have ten days before more surgery is scheduled or cancelled.”
********
The reaction of Magnusson to the transmission was, as feared, detached at best. He suggested we just talk Darwin down when the time came and criticised Xiang for being so jumpy. His suggestion that he would tell the Mission Controller to ‘leave everything to us’, was not seen as an option, so the sedation was triggered. It was quite uneventful. Pascal 2 positioned one hand around the Commander’s neck and effectively paralysed him. It was not a nerve related hold, merely the exact application of force to discourage resistance. He reached the hypodermic with his other hand and delivered the injection. Magnusson’s contorted facial expression was gradually replaced with serenity as the shot kicked in. Pascal 2 carried him with one hand to his bed and laid him down. Natalia said, “We’ll take it from here.”
The rest of the crew were confused despite Banjani’s warning that this may be necessary. She explained that the Commander had been under stress for some time and the medication required some adjustments, this wass the first. He would soon be himself again. It was not convincing.
The whole episode did little to arrest Carvalho’s feeling of loss of control. He was convinced that his father’s fate was beckoning him, and he wasn’t going to make it back home. In fulfilling his father’s dream, he was destined to ensure his own exit. His acceptance of this was affecting his mood and judgement, and the spiral was worsening.
The news of Magnusson’s temporary ‘bug’ was not contested by Xiang but he was quite nervous about asking the First Officer to carry out the news blackout of the crew, when she was one of them just a matter of hours ago. She assured him that this sort of thing had been covered in her training and he needn’t worry. He seemed as if he wanted to say more about Darwin but never quite got there. He asked if she would keep him apprised of the Commander’s condition on a four hourly basis. This was confirmatory in Banjani’s mind that there was more news on the Darwin plot.
Alex 2 and Pascal 2 had made fantastic progress with the forestation project. They had planted hedges outward from Marineris Central like spokes of a wheel. They were extending each spoke daily. The repetitive replication and programmed resistance to the cold had given them confidence to dispense with the protection for the next extension of the spoke growing toward Pandora’s Rift. They had to resource the appropriate soil themselves as Redgrave was occupied full time on supplying them with Scarlet O’Hara. Alex 2 asked Carvalho for permission to modify one of the two robot’s arms to enable mass soil preparation. Carvalho said he would have to do it himself and he needed to be with Redgrave anyway. “Commander’s orders I’m afraid.”
Alex 2 said they could do it much faster and follow his instructions. He refused. The replicants said they would ask the acting Commander to review that decision. Banjani agreed that Carvalho should take the robot to the replicant’s ‘quarry’ and instruct them on modification. Redgrave was to suspend drilling until he returned. Carvalho was not happy to put it mildly, but did as ordered. 
Veltrano had abandoned Magnusson’s exploration plan and was working on modifying signal distribution bands to create an independent link to Darwin when she was close enough. This would be audio only and poor quality, but better than nothing. Dupree suggested to Banjani that having regained basic speech capability, it might be better if he took over Magnusson’s medication from Natalia, thus freeing Natalia to take the second robot to pick up Redgrave. The modifications of the first robot were taking longer than expected, partly because of Carvalho’s pedantic attitude and his checking of the manuals at every stage. Natalia arrived at the Rift and there was no sign of Redgrave. She hailed him with no response. She went as close to the edge of the chasm as she dared but could not make much out in the fading light. The drillbot was not at the surface so he must not have called it a day. When she informed Banjani, a degree of panic struck the acting Commander. The Rover and robot one were with the replicants and Carvalho. The other robot was at the rift and now Natalia was alone. She contacted Carvalho and explained the situation. He was asked to take the Rover and the two replicants to the Rift and search for Redgrave as darkness was approaching. Carvalho said he would go immediately in a ‘told you so’ tone. 
“The best way to explore the chasm is the camera on the drillbot,” screamed Carvalho as he approached the site. Alex 2 agreed but was thinking ahead. “If he has fallen the problem of rescuing him in this light and a possible depth of five miles would be virtually impossible. His oxygen supply would run out and thermal maintenance would expire.”
He suggested that he and Pascal 2 should descend and search, as the drillbot could only cover a small viewing area with its lens. “As long as we can return in less than five days there should be no hibernation risk. As the chasm is about 1860 miles long, we would have to climb out. We must take extra oxygen supply for Redgrave. We must hope that he did not go all the way to the bottom. We do not need illumination. Fortunately we have modified the vision capability we replicated in order to work through the night on the forestation.”
Natalia intervened, “What if he is not in the chasm?”
“I can fit the drillbot to the robot and use the remote control to search the surface from here,” enthused Carvalho, “we don’t need it for the chasm if these two have night vision.”
They informed Banjani, who felt helpless, but agreed the plan. She asked Dupree to stay with Magnusson while she suggested to Veltrano that they should somehow join the search. He disagreed, pointing out the risk of someone else getting detached in the darkness. He believed Alex 2 and Pascal 2 were far better equipped than a search party of fifty humans and their biological limitations. 
The two replicants decided to leap to a shelf they could see about one hundred metres down. Their ability to precisely calculate descent velocity and landing force in low gravity enabled them to quantify risk to some degree. They also benefitted from the ability to regenerate any physical damage, provided sufficient data cells remained to carry the instruction. They informed Carvalho and left him to begin the surface search with the drillbot. Alex 2 went first and sent minimal correction trajectory to Pascal 2 while he moved to an adjacent ledge. When Pascal 2 joined him, they split up to cover a greater area. The second leap for each of them was close to 150 metres, and because Pascal 2 misinterpreted an outcrop’s coordinates fractionally he snagged his right arm. It was partially severed so he waited for regeneration to commence. On looking across and up at his fellow life form, after his next jump, Alex 2 saw the silhouette of a space helmet against the slightly brighter background of the sky compared to the chasm. His electronic babble was acknowledged by Pascal 2, who agreed to wait until his partner had reached the location, to check if there was more than just the helmet there. The find was reported to Natalia to abort the topside search. Alex 2 could leap a prodigious distance against the low gravity and gripped a ‘handhold’ less than fifteen metres from the helmet. This vantage point revealed the rest of the human form. The next gentle jump took Alex 2 to the sloping shelf on which the corpse was precariously resting. Examination left no doubt that the breathing tube was severed by a very clean cut. The inside of the helmet was a crimson spatter of instantly frozen blood. The news was relayed to Natalia and followed by the now familiar technobabble to Pascal 2. They agreed to perform a ‘passing the parcel’ exercise with the corpse. Pascal 2’s arm was already fixed and he took a position twenty metres above Alex 2. This leap frog was observed via the now available drillbot as both Natalia and Carvalho watched in amazement at the precision of the operation. When the ascent was achieved, the horror really registered and the bad news was sent ahead to Banjani.
There was an atmosphere of fear at Marineris Central. Fear of what next? Fear of suicide or murder? Fear of suspicion. Fear of repercussion in Beijing.
It was necessary to establish a timeline. Carvalho was uneasy as he was the last known person to see Redgrave alive. They had argued fiercely in public. Carvalho had also assaulted Dupree. Everyone else could account for their whereabouts. Once more the replicants offered help. “Remember we told you we could not reincarnate fossils but we could recover information from them? It would be a simple matter to extract data from the fresh corpse which would probably be more useful than a post mortem, but we would have to do this now.”
Veltrano said, “This would involve a completion with Redgrave’s body. What happens to that replicant afterwards?”
Alex 2 said it was really up to them, a very familiar statement. “You may do nothing or dispose of myself or the new copy.”
Bizarre as this sounded, it gave more objectivity in pinning down the last moments of Redgrave’s life. It was agreed and the process was supervised by Pascal 2. The data extracted was conclusive. Redgrave had taken the opportunity of being alone to sever his breathing tube with a set of cutting pliers. Standing on the chasm edge he tumbled into the Rift. It should be possible to recover the pliers if deemed necessary. He had not changed his mind about staging his own suicide as murder. It was a tactic to allow him such an opportunity. Carvalho broke down in tears and hugged the new replicant who was not fully prepared for such a gesture. He also thanked Natalia and Javier, for their public belief before the completion, that he was innocent. He scowled at the others and left the group. However there was all-round relief that the sinister alternative had been ruled out. Banjani declared that it would be reported as an accidental fall, until they were back on Earth. This was almost met with unanimity. The decision on the fate of the latest replicant was deferred.
Magnusson was improving slowly but Dupree wanted to discuss with Pascal 2 his now encyclopaedic medical knowledge acquired from the database. There was a plethora of similar cases cited. Narrowing the field produced a lot of drug related ‘cures’, however therapeutic recommendations were preferred and Dupree thanked Pascal 2, explaining he could execute these despite his slowly recovering speech.
Natalia offered to help, reminding Dupree of his blind spot with bedside manner and the consequent risk of his literal interpretation rather than tailoring the counselling to the Commander. ‘Point taken, let’s get started tomorrow’, he wrote.

Chapter 31

Veltrano had not spoken out but challenged Banjani in private about reporting Redgrave’s death as an accident. “It’s not necessary to do this. It will fuel more speculation and nervousness in Beijing. Remember, they know he was intending to commit suicide, to look like murder; he then apparently underwent some inner transformation, deciding to live and remain on Mars. Suspicion would now centre on exactly what has happened. My advice is to ‘let sleeping dogs lie’. We have two lookalikes, and if Beijing, for any reason, wishes to see Redgrave and his replicant together on transmissions, I’m sure we can pull that off.” 
“Don’t you think Koppelt would be happy if he could report an accident publicly? If the sponsors of Redgrave’s ‘murder’ have to refute the accident, Koppelt would surely have a better idea who they are.”
Veltrano said he didn’t think this would help reveal the sponsors as they would merely ‘sponsor’ some other organisation to refute the official statement. The risk of unsettling things further in Beijing was real. Banjani wished she could counsel Magnusson. Veltrano insisted that even if it had been an accident and there was no sabotage agenda, they would be submerged by questions of safety protocol breaches and consequent elaboration into a blame culture. The fact that there was a sabotage plot would cause paranoia. He pleaded with her to reconsider, especially as it was a one way street once it had been reported. “Please, sleep on it.” She agreed.
********
Koppelt was still pressing Ahmed on specifics. Eventually the fear of being abandoned produced a minor breakthrough. Ahmed recalled some meeting, to which he was not invited, about creation of complex computer viruses and their delivery systems. This could be the method of severing communications between Beijing and Darwin at Mars orbit insertion. As they discussed this with Xiang, Ahmed did not believe the execution of anything like that would be via a crew member. That would be too risky. Focus was then turned on Mission Control staff. Xiang was not happy about a blanket investigation, but at the same time recognised the knock-on effect of such a virus could be the intended effect on the spacecraft’s instrumentation. The three of them decided to analyse all relevant personnel details together as a first step.
********
Magnusson chatted quietly with Dupree and Natalia. Having withdrawn his medication, some of his anxiety had returned but he could not articulate why he reached the decision to approach Pascal 2 in the first place. Natalia said, “We have all been a little on edge since the personal messages to our loved ones were suspended and I think it’s time we got that facility restored. I’m sure you must be missing your family Commander.”
“You’re absolutely right Balinsky; I must get that corrected immediately.”
“Well,” muttered Dupree, learning from Natalia, and in his distorted voice, “Beijing thinks you have a Martian flu, and Banjani is holding the fort admirably until you are fully recovered.”
“I’ll ask her to bring this up with Mission Control Sir, if you think it appropriate,” offered Natalia with a smile.
“See to it right away Balinsky.”
Dupree explained that the excessive dosage taken had caused him to have a mixture of symptoms – sometimes indifference to problems – other instances bordering on hallucinatory distraction. Now that this had been corrected and some supplemental recommendations from Natalia initiated, it should only be a matter of days before he would be back to normal.
Banjani did not sleep well at all. She had however concluded that on balance, Veltrano’s way carried less overall risk to their return schedule. At breakfast she asked Natalia about a massage in the evening, “Mental tiredness is just as draining as messing about with those plants.”
The request was overheard by Carvalho, who chirped, “Can anyone register for these luxuries or is it a privilege of rank?”
Natalia detected a mischievous smile from Daniel. “No it’s nothing to do with rank. You can book a session if you really feel tense. It’s a full body massage, so bring a towel and be prepared to strip off to your birthday suit. That’s important for maximum therapeutic benefit.” Banjani looked crestfallen and hurried through breakfast to check on Magnusson’s condition. Carvalho could not resist, “You mean the acting Commander will be naked for her appointment tonight?” The picture in his mind was immensely stimulating.
“Of course, there are no concessions to gender. Well do you want to reserve a space?”
“I, er, I’ll think about it Natalia and get back to you.” She was sure he would think about it a lot.
The three replicants were engaged in a silent triangle of concerned communication. When it was concluded, Alex 2 sought out Banjani and requested a meeting urgently. Alex 2 showed her his fingers and pointed with one of seven he had left, to Pascal 2’s forearm. “We are all agreed, the microbes we have employed with great success on the renewal of designer soil nutrients are attacking our own regeneration mechanism. It is a temporary problem for us. As you can see, the regeneration of Pascal 2’s severed arm from the chasm fall has adjusted to the microbial effect. The regeneration of already contaminated cells has adapted to the invasive action. In my case, as no regeneration was triggered by a trauma, if left alone it would consume me completely. So now, Pascal 2 will laser-cut off my hand to kick start my new regeneration with its data adjustment.” It was a grisly scene for Banjani; the others were apparently enjoying the ‘miracle’.
“I am showing you this, because it illustrates the two of us are no longer at risk but he,” - indicating the latest Redgrave – “and the humans may be. We need a name for him. Pascal 2 and Dr. Dupree need to do some research to protect the crew. Pascal 2 believes he already knows how to counteract the microbes if they strike humans, but Dupree should authorise or reject this theory.”
Banjani’s immediate thought was inclined to the pathetic phobia that the Earth contingent had toward these sentient beings. They had risked their own oblivion trying to rescue Redgrave and were now spearheading an immune strategy to a problem the crew might not have known of until it was too late. “I see,” she said, “let’s find Dupree. I’m going to suggest you choose your own name for our new friend. After all, it was you who came up with Alex 2.”
********
The trawl of Mission Control personnel who would be in a position to infect the servers with a virus was a difficult task in terms of applying criteria. Citizenship, religion, expertise, access, CV history, friendships in and outside Beijing, and not least, behavioural patterns during leisure time - were all considered. Some were known, some had to be investigated. Koppelt even brought up the bias Xiang might have. After all, they were his employees, and he may have predisposed views which would cloud the issues. “That is utterly preposterous…you can’t be serious. Anyway, some of the information would be unavailable to you, except by accessing it from my subordinates, and that would set the klaxons ringing. I suggest that would be even more likely to prejudice the investigation than any bias I may have.”
Koppelt, untypically, found himself backing off. The first cut threw up only four people, and even these were highlighted on speculative or intuitive grounds. “So much for your concerns about me Koppelt; this list could have been picked with a pin.” Two of the four were of Islamic faith – Koppelt was hot on this. The others were Roman Catholic and Russian Orthodox. The two with the strongest computer code structure knowledge were a Muslim and the Orthodox from Kiev. They all had similar access to critical tasks. Koppelt decided to eavesdrop on all of them. Bugging their apartments was the easy part. Tracking their leisure computer activity was a little more difficult, with their expertise and potential for constructing firewalls and surveillance detection of their own brand. Tailing them was probably safer at first.

Chapter 32

Evening came, and with it the announcement from Banjani that she had taken further advice from Veltrano on the reporting of the fatality. His experience in matters of security had persuaded her of the ‘danger of distance’ in Beijing’s interpretation. There was no objection. The second proclamation was that the name chosen for their latest ally was ‘Red’. He had come from red crystal and became Redgrave. Was this the first betrayal of a sense of humour from the logic boys? They still had to discuss whether all three replicants were to remain, or if there was a case for an alternative. Every crew member expressed in the strongest possible manner that it would be an unthinkable act of inhumanity to do anything other than protect these fantastic beings. Some went as far as saying they should all accompany them back to Earth if they wanted to go with Copernicus, or stay and help Darwin’s crew if that was their choice.
With the meeting over, Banjani whispered to Natalia, “Am I first up?” Natalia smiled coyly and shrugged her shoulders. “Which do you prefer?” Privately she would like to have thought there was a hint of jealousy.
“Well that depends on where your hands would wander to with Daniel. If there is a choice I will go for the safe option…first please.”
Natalia revealed her jousting with Daniel was to scare him off and it had worked. “He’s obviously less comfortable with being naked in front of a woman than you are. Maybe he was worried about getting aroused during a ‘medical’ appointment.” Indira looked directly into her eyes and said, “Maybe he didn’t know you demand a reciprocal treatment, in naked allure. By the way I don’t think of my massage as medical attention, it’s a pleasurable, erotic and highly personal experience. I don’t let just anyone heal my tired naked body. After all, I am the Commander. I have to set an example.”
“Yes ma’am, just let me know when I am required.”
 When the replicants were informed of their esteem amongst the crew their reaction was humbling for the humans. They said the Progenitors would be proud of the Continuance if they had the capacity for such compassion displayed by humans. “Of course they have other concerns of great magnitude to attend to, but we three all concur that our data revision processes indicate we have never felt ‘an association’ with previous species. It is a little strange for us you see. It made all of us feel temporarily unwell, like data loss, but that passed and we can only describe the current state as rewarding.”
This served as a prompt for Banjani to inform Beijing that it was necessary to restore full contact for the crew with their families. It was expressed as an order, not a request. It made her feel good. Presumably Natalia was about to make her feel just as good.
“I know I’m biased, Commander, but I think you are doing a hell of a job in Magnusson’s absence,” Natalia murmured as her probing fingers released tension from her friend’s shoulders.
“Don’t address me as Commander during my therapy. That’s an order.” Natalia provoked a curious response when she said it was lucky for everyone that the replicant cleared Daniel’s name and prevented a possible injustice. “He was very low before that with circumstantial evidence pointing to him. I’ll never forget his deep appreciation when I told him I knew he was not capable of something like that.” Banjani stiffened a little and muttered, “Did you also feel sorry for him when he was belittling you with his crude flattery?”
“No I didn’t, but he more than any of us is ‘claustrophobic’ in this mission. This whole thing with his father has straitjacketed him. He doesn’t really want to be here. He has tried very hard to fit in. It brought a lump to my throat when he instinctively hugged the replicant. I think that is the genuine Daniel. It doesn’t excuse his tantrums but there is another side to him. And he’s now one of your chicks, mother hen.”
“Point taken, Natalia. Now can we progress our mutual stimulation, without the distractions? I want to float over my responsibilities for a while. This is the only thing I look forward to in this hostile environment.”
“Of course.” Natalia had just realised the chit-chat had only delayed her arousal. The silence was eventually broken. “Time to turn over Indira.”
“What, already? I was in another world.”
Natalia’s soothing fingers had helped her reflect on the bigotry of Earthly institutions. Politicians, Religious Leaders, Corporate Chieftains – they were all weaving a web of invisibility around their true agenda. “These people are disciples of self-serving propaganda which is moulded to hypnotise their clientele, making it simpler to milk their morality. I was brought up in a religious family, well off, and with connections into government. I was always reminded of right and wrong, their right and wrong. This serendipity of meeting the Continuance has really made me question everything I was indoctrinated with. My grandmother married a colonial Englishman, hence my lighter skin, and although this intermarriage was unusual it provided entry into many privileged one way streets. It feels cheap right now. I have always paid lip service to my family’s religion. The entry price of faith before evidence grates with my scientific training, and anyway, what kind of God takes credit for everything good, but goes into hiding to countenance atrocity? These replicants at least have a presence and a pathway to something like an omnipotent creator with the semblance of purpose. Also, I wonder where we would find these other abstract Gods if the Progenitors fail in their struggle to preserve the Cosmos.”
“Wow, your grey cells have been busy,” declared Natalia.
“I’m not finished either. I want to change the name by which we refer to our new colleagues. Both species have benefitted from finding one another...it is called symbiosis. I think ‘Symbiant’ is more respectful; they are much more than replicas of us. What do you think?”
Natalia’s eyes misted and she said, “That’s how I feel about you and me, I feel lucky to have found you.” They held each other for almost a minute before Banjani reclined and closed her eyes. Natalia took one more risky step. The frontal massage was reduced in intensity to a light touch of sensual motion. Indira seemed totally oblivious to the subtle change. The role reversal brought that into question as it was conducted with the same feather-light contact.
 The new nomenclature of Symbiant was celebrated amongst the crew and even Magnusson congratulated Banjani on her thoughtfulness. “I know now that I can take a few more days off, the store is in good hands.”
********
Koppelt had refused to lift the personal communication ban just yet. ‘They were at a delicate stage of investigation’. Banjani’s return transmission said she was sorry to hear that, but the crew was also at a delicate stage of surviving on another planet. “So we will abandon all projects on Mars until such time as the ban is lifted. It’s about time you people acquired some perspective. There are only nine of us and yet the inexhaustible parochial garbage is entirely from terran origin.” She allowed the other eight to watch a rerun, to their delight.
Xiang called Koppelt and said he would have to answer for the ‘strike’, and any resultant loss of morale in Mission Control. “There is no way I am going to pick up the tab for this. You are alone in your adherence to the notion that we have any more saboteurs from Copernicus. Unless you lift the ban now, I shall ask the top brass to authorise me to do it.” For the second time in recent days, Koppelt found himself back peddling. It made him realise he did need to devote all resources to Ahmed and Darwin.
********
Charles Cameron’s transmission referred to previous discussions on the definitions of life and particularly the difficulty his colleagues had with the replicant’s primarily inorganic structure. His question was related to a detail not reported by Redgrave, but picked up by Ayrton de Santos. He, of course, was the Beijing specialist who ‘trapped’ Redgrave with the fabricated correlation exercise. “Mr. de Santos believes he has picked up a very small trace of another component which Redgrave missed, or chose not to acknowledge.” He asked for the exact scenario which Veltrano had predicted may arise, when discussing with Banjani the dilemma of reporting the death. Both Alex 2 and Red would be required in this exchange to cover for Redgrave’s demise.

Chapter 33

The ban on the crew’s personal messages was duly lifted. Koppelt’s bugging and surveillance activity of Xiang’s people had shown the two prime candidates - the Russian Orthodox and one of the Muslims, were in fact good friends. They socialised, liking the same music and restaurants. The Roman Catholic was a recluse, not even making phone calls outside the country. The other Muslim was more promising. He regularly met with the same person in a park. He was constantly on the phone to several people, all in Arabic. Ahmed testified that none of the people he spoke to were family. The tone of these conversations was terse, sometimes threatening, and always about computer security. He was registered with Mission Control as Nehridj Al Mansour, but Ahmed said he responded to the phone contacts as ‘Imhotep’. “It can only be a code name as you must know; this is the name of the architect of an ancient Egyptian pyramid. Wait a minute…they keep referring to pyramid in modern Arabic when they are discussing security. Could that be some sort of name for their virus?”
On checking with Xiang, panic prevailed as he informed them that this was the transcribed code name for their intricate software fortress. Even their suppliers of server equipment didn’t know of this cascade oriented lockdown programme. Mansour should not know either. The encryption access was complex, not beyond his hacking credentials, but it could only be effectively compromised in this way from two stations. One in Xiang’s office vault, which was retina recognition controlled, and the other in a metal walled underground room which was palm print scan-entry protected, and cctv covered. This unit was the only one which had reversal capability. Mansour was not on the very short list of personnel with clearance for either. They decided to try to track down the satellite coordinates and registration details of the phone numbers he had regular contact with. 
********
The second transmission from Cameron introduced Ayrton de Santos and he proceeded to hold up a trace from one of Redgrave’s initial tests on Scarlet O’Hara. He had marked an ‘insignificant’ peak on the chart. “Although this is not the normal magnitude, we would expect the wavelength is precisely correct for the element Osmium. We would be interested to hear if Mr. Redgrave concurs.”
The reply was constructed with Red posing as the now deceased Redgrave, and alongside was Alex 2, who was prepared to comment further on behalf of the Symbiants. “I didn’t even consider that there was any significance to this ‘blip’, I assumed it was a printout aberration. I am still of that opinion but perhaps Alex 2 can comment.”
“I congratulate you Mr. de Santos,” said Alex 2, “a very astute observation. If it had been possible to compare the Solid state NMR traces with the same samples on Confocal Laser Fluorescence Microscopy data, we would have ruled out an instrumentation error. You are also aware that no tests were performed on the amorphous form, following its contact with my colleague here and the subsequent first completion, because of the unknown effects at the time. We can do that now if you wish as I am able to carry that out without risk. Alternatively, I can indicate to you what we will find now, and confirm that with test results later, as you have doubts about my categorisation as a life form.” 
The crew were finding it difficult to contain the urge to laugh at the two Symbiants pulling off this charade and particularly the sideswipe at the Experts’ smugness. The return transmission was a little more guarded. It was Cameron who again took up the gauntlet. “Considering your offer, we would like you to tell us what difference you believe testing the amorphous form would have made to the original interpretation we received from Redgrave. Please continue.”
Carvalho became the first astronaut cheerleader, drumming up the others to encourage Alex 2 to put them out of their misery.
“Mr. Cameron, I will send you the actual traces but what they will show is substantial presence of Osmium Z-76 in the amorphous form. The little peak in the crystalline form is somewhat different. Osmium, as you know, is a very dense metallic element, in fact ideal for our hibernation mechanism. In the amorphous form it provides an asymmetric element capable of forming bonds with Silicon and Hydrogen. This enables part of our replication chemistry. However when the environment gets hostile – cold and hot cyclical periods, accompanied by atmospheric change and subsequent radiation threat – its signature mutates when returning to the crystalline form. In effecting this, the Osmium bonding undergoes changes which your instruments are not capable of picking up. It will suffice to say that it provides us with a lockdown structure until conditions become much more favourable again. Proof of its effectiveness was witnessed in the lab when the amorphous form emerged again after billions of years.”
The morale of the watching crew soared to a level not experienced since leaving Earth orbit. The reply was quick, short and accusatory. “As a Symbiant with all the abilities you claim, why have you not alerted us to this before now?” Alex 2’s riposte scored a maximum in this fencing finale. “I have repeated many times that the way of the Progenitors is to assist promise. This can be by exchange of information but mostly by confirmation of discovery. This is to endorse curiosity and thus further progress and promise. That is why I offered this explanation to your question. Now it can be confirmed. You will also need to progress your analytical techniques soon. There are the rudiments of that in your evolution. We reflect the design of the Progenitors’ objectives. Has it ever occurred to you that your acceptance or doubt over our attributes is paradoxical when you have never disputed their existence? I submit this is a peculiar characteristic of humanity; it is more comfortable with what cannot possibly be proven compared with that which you think should be verifiable. It is even more illogical, then, that you are curious about the Progenitors because I told you. And you still have doubts about me.
“Finally, have you considered that as your planet was seeded in the same way as Mars, your own evolution, together with other terran species, may have already been replicated? It is possible that surface and mined contact has been made in the past with either crystals or powder frequently enough to have exhausted the surface supply. The burial of the remainder by volcanic and tectonic action cannot exclude marine life having benefited from such events.
“In anticipating your next question, ‘wouldn’t they still exist?’ I cannot give you a precise prediction, but remember that if the original replication is followed by data stagnation, in a short time the reversion to the crystalline form would occur. Thus many such reversions would have occurred in early prehistoric times. The answer may lie in how much Osmium exists in the Earth’s crust. Intriguing, don’t you think?”
This time there was a long interval before a response arrived and it was also more conciliatory. “Thank you for your patience with us. We are all now of one disposition. The information about your hibernation mechanism and the part played by Osmium is fascinating. Is this something you can enlarge upon?”
Alex 2 pointed them to their own knowledge as a starting point. “You have already classified Osmium as the densest element known on Earth. It has oxidation states from 0 to +8. Osmium tetroxide, as you also know, reacts with alkaline compounds to form red coloured osmates, therefore not standing out visually from the background hues of our own Martian crystals. These non-volatile osmates provide a gateway for many organic oxidation reactions. Once more you are aware of the seven naturally occurring isotopes of Osmium, six of which are stable, and Osmium 186 undergoes alpha-decay with an enormously long half-life, over ten to the power fifteen years. This property you have already harnessed. When combined with Rhenium, it will date terrestrial and meteorite rocks accurately. Your planet only has three known sources of any significance of Osmium, indicating rarity and supporting what I said about the lack of common surface presence. The purest find is in South Africa, and is the result of crustal intrusions from below and impact craters, the Osmium residing in igneous rock. The other finds in Russia and Canada are in combination with copper and nickel. I would predict the African source may be most useful. The ratio of Earth’s inert Osmium to Osmates could be interesting. That is all I can say at the present, I hope it is useful.”
It silenced the incoming transmissions.

Chapter 34

Dupree was relieved that the culture tests indicated there was no harmful effect to humans from this particular microbe. He had, however, uploaded Pascal 2’s immune proposal into the database. It consisted of an extract from one of the plant replicant species which was dealing with the microbe continually, and had developed even better resistance than the Symbiants. Red would follow his fellow Symbiants by deliberately infecting himself then amputate a finger to allow regeneration and immunity. 
Red had taken over the duty of Redgrave seamlessly; he and Carvalho were making good progress on gathering samples and analysing them. Daniel Carvalho was a new man. He was punctual, diligent and polite. Most important he was content in himself. 
Magnusson was just about ready to come back to duty and as the crew assembled, Alex 2 asked, “How do you all feel about what I said to Mr. Cameron - in particular, the possibility that human evolution may have already incorporated some interaction with the Continuance?” 
 The question had been circulating since the Cameron transmission. To some of the crew it seemed quite logical, in view of the Mars experience. To others it could help explain ‘miracles’ such as the technology required to build the pyramids with mind-boggling precision. To Carvalho, it was pivotal in his contemplation of his own future within that of his species. He became the epitome of the convert being a stronger believer than the original disciple. “I think it has to have occurred, to explain how our species became so much more intelligent than any other Earth inhabitant. I’m also getting the message that future interaction is an important process for humanity, in the steps leading up to escaping the prison of exclusively organic metabolism. If we are to survive events such as the previous mass extinctions, we must transcend this disadvantage. I want to be part of the way forward and to that end I request a completion. Please don’t think I’m going to do this on Mars and impact our clearance to return home. I’ll volunteer when we’re on Earth and campaign for this to become a controlled programme of development. I know you will point out problems with the God people, and even the difficulty of integration. However, we have come to really appreciate these guys. We just need time and good management.”
Dupree smiled and blatantly feigned affected pronunciation. “I with you had pelt thith way bepore you brope my daw”. They all laughed but realised that the feel-good factor would be severely tested when the time came.
********
Koppelt’s patience paid off and his people had managed to triangulate his suspect’s most regular caller to a district in Lebanon. The name, whether true or false was Suliman. It was probably false, as he never referred to Mansour by his name, choosing the rather obvious alias of Winston Old Boy. Ahmed was certain from the Arabic conversations that this was their man. He made a good point when he suggested that further efforts to tie Suliman back to the ‘Invisibles’ carried a risk of exposure, and anyway, the main objective was to prevent the sabotage. Everything else could wait. 
The discussion moved on to when to apprehend Mansour. Koppelt and Ahmed were in favour of taking him out the day before orbit insertion correlation. Xiang was nervous about running so close to that deadline. The counter-argument from the other two was that it gave no time for execution of any back-up plan by the saboteurs. Without being totally convinced, Xiang gave way on the understanding that Mansour would have ‘called in sick,’ and certification would be filed for at least ten days. He wanted no distractions until landfall was established and the two crews reported that handover procedures were underway. He was still troubled by this known saboteur being countenanced in the ranks for such a long period.
********
Alex 2 and Pascal 2 resumed their astonishing programme of forestation at the ever-widening spoke heading towards Pandora’s Rift. Having started at Marineris Central at a single metre in width, the thick end of the wedge exceeded forty metres. The two Symbiants had calculated that by the time it had reached seventy-five metres it was to assume a parallel sided shape, to allow access ways between its two neighbouring wedges. The other spokes would take the same shape. In Marineris Central, weekly ‘local atmospheric’ readings were taken to show composition values. There was to be a cause for celebration this evening because for the first time there was a miniscule local increase in the median oxygen level. The regular 0.2% was now 0.23%. This gain reverted to normal by early morning each day, but it was a beginning. It was also good to be reporting positive news to Beijing. 
Redgrave’s body had been stored in the coldest spot they could find which was out of sight, and not in the way of normal daily activities, one which never experienced the direct rays of the sun. It was hoped that this would preserve the remains until the return journey. However, the microbes which did not seriously trouble the human immune system in a living being were not deterred by a corpse. Their normal behaviour was to stay underground, so this departure was to be studied. It became necessary to attempt the construction of an impenetrable container of some kind, to preserve what was left.
Alex 2 had an idea. If they could repair the tears in Redgrave’s suit caused by the fall into the chasm, it should work. The challenge was to find some kind of seal which would have integrity at minus 70 degrees. They did not want to use a spare suit which could be needed in the future. “There is a material on the cargo register for this purpose.”
“Oh yes,” said Carvalho, “I remember it was Redgrave’s responsibility as a chemist to check it on board, but I think it might be in the orbiting Copernicus.”
“No, it is in one of Habitat airlock spare suit lockers. It was put there because it had to be wherever the suits were. In fact I believe a can is supposed to be carried on the Rover in case of accidental compromise of the suits.”
They all felt embarrassed at the lapse in procedure. Alex 2 could not resist a gentle jibe. “That is one disadvantage of poorly structured data retrieval in the brain. A preferable alternative could be one in which every ‘cell’ was designed to store and retrieve such data as a collaborative effort, minimising forgetfulness. What do you think?”
 The material worked perfectly. A mix of branched and straight chain co-polyesters would normally be cured by artificial ultra-violet light and chemical photo-initiators to effect crosslinking, however the high indigenous radiation level was able to do a better job by slower cure resulting in more low temperature flexibility. It glistened in the Martian sunset so they nicknamed it Diamond Film.
********
With each week that passed, the communication time delay with Darwin became shorter with Veltrano’s audio link. The incoming crew were eager to hear regular status reports as they had hit high boredom levels with such an uneventful journey, and no sabotage to keep them entertained. Magnusson was back in command and he kept Anatoly Rebrov updated with all but a few items. Rebrov had, of course, been briefed on the discovery of the red crystals and their subsequent transformation to a white powder then a ‘non-carbon copy’ of a crew member. However he was more interested in the Symbiants’ success with the forestation programme. They also discussed landing co-ordinates for the new Habitat, Power Supply Units with the vehicles, and ultimately, the Descent Vehicle. This required more accuracy than the Copernicus landing as they needed to be close but not too close, and the aforementioned ‘forest’ had to be protected.
Banjani was pleased to relinquish her command after her brief spell in charge. Dupree had just about recovered his normal diction but even the Symbiants could not grasp everything he uttered. Carvalho and Red had amassed a truly impressive pile of aquamarine rocks, some of which were layered in a similar way to sedimentary terran rocks. With the progress made by Alex 2 and Pascal 2, Natalia and Banjani were now keen to contribute. Veltrano worked feverishly on preventing dust from affecting any of the electronics, especially the communications equipment.
At supper one evening Magnusson asked the Symbiants to join them, despite having no calorific requirement. “If you were presented with a choice would you prefer to stay here or return to Earth with us?” The sudden enquiry surprised everyone. So much so, that the Symbiants began a silent consultation. The crew sat patiently and eventually Alex 2 resumed in audio. “This is a very difficult decision. As our own metabolism benefits from constantly evolving data interaction, Earth would appear to be very attractive. On the other hand, our responsibility dictates that we are positioned to encourage promising species, and there is much more we can assist with here. The third consideration is how the promising species view the options. After all, that species may not be so promising if they take an ultimately less rewarding route. One final aspect which we cannot predict is the division of opinion your species will have on the risk/benefit analysis. We have not until now interacted with any species in which individuals may behave differently from one another. We are unsure whether this is promising or not in the long term.”
The smiles returned to the faces of the crew. Carvalho was first with a wisecrack. “You guys should run for government back home, the competition is seriously weak.” Magnusson chipped in. “The question was to provoke exactly this kind of discussion because I believe we would meet resistance right now if we proposed to take you back. I think we should have a coordinated effort to use transmissions to familiarise Beijing more with sessions like Alex 2 had with Cameron. That produced a profound change of thinking in itself.”
This idea met with support from all sides and became part of the routine, even with Darwin. Jussi Pykonnen in particular struck up a meaningful rapport with Alex 2 and Red, although at this stage he still believed Red was the original Alex Redgrave.
As the ‘patched’ three way communications continued, the Darwin crew were helpful in making the Beijing personnel more comfortable with the Symbiants. Things were going so well there was no real surprise when Alex 2 reported to the Commander the certainty of an impending dust storm. Magnusson’s immediate reaction was to recall everyone to base. “Yes Commander, please hurry. Pascal 2, Red and I are all agreed that retrieval data indicates elemental activity leading to a massive storm. You have not witnessed anything like this. We need to secure everything as well as we can, including this habitat. It will last for several hours.”

Chapter 35

Major damage was sustained by the ‘plantations’, although they would regenerate. The control mechanism for the drillbot had been swept into the chasm. The buffeting took its toll on the robots as there had only been time to get the Rover into storage. The power supply cable had been yanked out of connecting sockets which were distorted in the process. This last item not only left them without power to work, but also heating and life support delivery. Any repair schedule had to be swift as there was serious threat to life for the crew, which would then be followed by hibernation for the Symbiants. 
 It was urgent to achieve restoration of power to enable tools and ideas for a solid fix. The Symbiants concurred, and used their immense strength and precision to return the sockets to a close match of their original configuration. This enabled them to accept and hold the male ends of the cables with the cores correctly aligned. Power was restored and they suggested building a locking cage to prevent a repeat of the problem. 
Carvalho said he could do this with some spare parts from the robots and his small electronic welder. Red gave him some grey sample from the lab and said it would be stronger than the flux he was proposing to use. Daniel did not even question his judgement and proceeded. The saving of lives would do the Symbiants’ cause no harm. Repairing the robots was only slightly trickier. The three of them worked as a unit. One untwisted the arms and the other two gripped the pivot point to prevent collateral damage. It was awesome to watch the application of brute force so patiently and elegantly.
********
The big moment was almost upon Darwin, and this triggered the incarceration of Mansour. He was apprehended at his apartment and taken to a security cell for interrogation the night before Darwin separation and subsequent orbit insertion. Koppelt and Ahmed confronted him with recordings of his phone calls to Suliman and references to ‘pyramid’. He refused to comment other than to request a lawyer. When he was addressed in Arabic by Ahmed he was startled, but did not abandon his silence. When he was told that this was not a civil case, but a matter of global security, he frowned and shook his head.
 “You can shake your head all you like - you are not entitled to a lawyer at this stage. You have not been charged but you are subject to employment conditions you signed when you took this post. These conditions specifically cover confidentiality, and your telephone conversation with a person in Lebanon, who is not entitled to information which you have disclosed, breaches this contract. This is information which you do not have clearance for, and therefore should not possess.”
His defiance continued. “Then charge me. I have done nothing wrong. This ‘pyramid’ thing you refer to was with my brother and it is a local expression for a district in Lebanon. It is a very dangerous area, and I was advising my brother that it was too risky to move there with his family. I have talked to him many times by phone about this, telling him that it - the pyramid - should be destroyed by whatever means. There is no other recipe but to divide and re-settle the people to break the ring of violence.”
“Can we meet your brother to confirm all this?” said Koppelt, “without you making further contact with him.” Koppelt was thrown by his agreement. “Of course, go and see him. See the pyramid for yourself if you dare.”
Koppelt looked at Ahmed, who shrugged his shoulders. They left Mansour in the room, and over a coffee Ahmed said he could not say if there was such a district, but it could easily be checked. If Mansour gave up the address where his brother could be contacted personally, he could arrange via trusted Lebanese affiliates, an investigative test of the veracity of the detainee’s claim. When Koppelt introduced the ticking clock constraint, Ahmed replied that while Mansour was in custody he was neutralised. However, if it turned out that he was genuine they had a big problem and no time to solve it. “Mmm, Xiang may have been right after all…we could have confronted him earlier,” confessed Koppelt.
********
The shock of the dust storm had left its mark. When asked about the frequency, Alex 2 stated that parameters indicated this severity was not common or predictable. The cause was intense ionisation passing close to the planet. Without his warning there would have been loss of life; even so, that warning was dangerously inadequate. Therefore he recommended that until the atmosphere was generated via forestation and the greenhouse situation started to flourish, it would be prudent to consider large protective domes to cover Habitats, Power Supply Units and Vehicles. “No doubt you have a plan in mind,” said Magnusson.
********
The reply from Lebanon confirmed Mansour’s account. He was released with the proviso he took a few days leave to avoid concern back at Mission Control. Koppelt informed Xiang and accepted the tirade of criticism. Profuse apologies did nothing to mitigate the hovering threat, so while Koppelt and Ahmed shifted their forlorn investigation back to the other three suspects, Xiang took his own action.
His transmission to Magnusson requested a discussion with Alex 2. The gist of his plan was to prepare for ‘pyramid’ compromise. His query to Alex 2 was his ability to corroborate and advise Darwin directly if Beijing went down. The answer was what he wanted to hear. “I would be able to advise separation times, attitudes and velocities to achieve more accurate landing than your own equipment. You may find that difficult to accept, asking how something can be more correct, if it is already correct. The difference lies in local conditions – I can take better account of them than you can.”
“Ok Magnusson, we have a security issue here and I’m going to pull the link between Beijing and the two crews. Your direct link with Darwin will enable your confident friend to get them safely down. Following this message you need not deactivate the incoming reception, the uplink from here will be down for as long as we need to clean up our system - hopefully not more than five days. When we are sure the bugs are purged we will restore the link and confirm this with a message. Do not attempt to make contact before this. I’ll be giving the same instruction to Commander Rebrov. Good luck, Xiang out.”
********
With less than two hours to separation Ahmed made a call in Arabic. “We have success Suliman…the Beijing server system has collapsed, and they are out of contact with their Martian crews. They bought the elaborate plea for asylum and the Mansour diversion. He has returned to Lebanon. Atarda infected the system without suspicion. Working at night, he convinced the personnel monitoring the cctv with his theatrical disguise. The beautiful part however was the silane polymer palm impression he took from Xiang when they ‘enthusiastically’ shook hands at the recruitment party all those months ago. It has been a nervous wait because we could not risk checking it in case of detection. All that remains is for you to arrange for Atarda and myself to be ‘kidnapped’ at the agreed location.”
Joachim Atarda, one of the four original suspects, from Andalucía, was an apparent convert from Islam to Catholicism. This was not an uncommon practice in the last stronghold of Muslim culture in the Iberian Peninsula; the trend had ebbed and flowed for centuries. Atarda had gone through the screening process smoothly. 
Koppelt was under attack for both embarrassing events. The loss of the servers was bad enough but the crowning naivety was the ‘sting’ by the USAr, which the Confederation of Nations did not want to publicise. What they could not know was that the USAr did not want that publicity either. The slow realisation of this did nothing to prevent Koppelt’s humiliation at now being demoted, and now became subordinate to Xiang. Firing him would have begged the question – why? And as Xiang’s swift action prevented a potential disaster the P.R. damage was limited slightly. So, the USAr accomplished the aim of undermining confidence in general, and the Confederation of Nations avoided complete collapse of support. Ahmed was, however, not as welcome as he expected in Damascus, as he ‘should have covered this possibility’ in his strategy. His faked kidnap mutated into a real one, together with Mansour and Atarda. As Ahmed’s body was recovered from a car crash alongside the others, with the new passport identity and face to match, it did not raise any eyebrows.
********
Alex 2 made the process of assisting Darwin pretty routine, with his usual aplomb. The new Habitat was close to the edge of the forest spoke heading for Pandora’s Rift, about halfway between the chasm and Marineris Central. The Power and Vehicle units in the Lander were remarkably close to the Habitat module, worryingly close to the onlookers before touchdown. The remaining task of getting the Descent vehicle with the Lab in the optimal position caused a bit of a stir when Alex 2 asked, “Would the space between the Habitat and Lander be suitable?” His improving sense of humour was well disguised. Pykonnen had asked for it to be as close as possible to the Rift without the ‘excitement’ of the Lander episode. His wish was granted. 
The meeting between the two crews was a very emotional and uplifting one. It was a celebration which needed no champagne. Fascination with the Symbiants was expected, but there was a brief moment of sadness when the revelation of Redgrave’s fate was accompanied by the location of his body being marked on the map. Darwin’s crew were informed of his sabotage agenda and orchestrated ‘murder’. They all accepted the rationale for keeping this from Beijing for the time being. Magnusson suggested that Rebrov think about whether he wanted the body to return with Copernicus or the option of continuing the ‘deception’. The existence of Red offered a ‘timeout’ if he was to remain on Mars. Rebrov nodded and wanted to talk privately with his crew.
It was also time to face the question of all three Symbiants and their future. It had not escaped the Darwin crew that the Dupree template could be replicated again whereas the Alex types were no longer possible. There was plenty to think about on their first day. 
 Magnusson gathered both crews to watch the initial transmission after the restoration of the uplink. “This was one hell of a virus. It has taught us lessons we didn’t think we needed. The security aspects of personnel screening are being beefed up and the protection of the fortress stations have to be designed with less obvious technology. The firewalls are undergoing additional encryption features. Anyway, we sincerely hope this is being watched by the new arrivals. Please update us on your status.”
Magnusson and Rebrov delivered the good news together and then the Darwin Commander left. Magnusson said to Xiang that he urgently wanted to discuss the Symbiants position, and although he knew this could be complicated by all kinds of influence, it still had to be addressed. Xiang said he knew the question was coming. He had already had positive pressure from Cameron and his gang. Everyone else had carefully avoided the subject. “Leave it with me Magnusson; it also has the deadline of your departure so I’ll act with that urgency as a lever.”

Chapter 36

The Darwin crew had seen the benefits conferred by the Symbiants first hand. They joined in the debate about continuing the ‘alliance’. They wanted to retain Red and agreed to go along with the plan to allow Earth sources to believe that he was Alex Redgrave until the body returned with Copernicus. Rebrov was, to his surprise, confronted by three of his crew volunteering for a completion. “We must wait until Commander Magnusson’s discussions with Beijing are concluded, and then we can review your request.”
One decision which had been cleared was the sample collection to be returned with Copernicus. It contained substantial amounts of Scarlet O’Hara. It was to be kept in crystal form by oscillating cold storage in the unheated lab. The Experts wanted to study the mechanism of the change to the amorphous form under safe conditions.
********
Xiang instructed Koppelt to attend the session with the Confederation Executive and reminded him of the part played by the Symbiants in saving what was left of his neck. “You would have already departed if I hadn’t availed of a means of protecting the link between the two crews when we failed to stop the infiltration. The Symbiants deserve a chance to come here and present their own case, especially in the light of the threat being here in the first place.”
Koppelt was surprisingly supportive. He felt there was unfinished business with Suliman, and the Symbiants may be able to help. He desperately wanted to restore his standing. The predictable resistance, however, reared its head. The God Squad were first to introduce the destabilising potential of bringing supreme extraterrestrial intelligence on board the ‘Earthship Delusion’. The argument was countered by the Experts – who indicated one of the objectives enshrined in the charter of the mission was to search for life. Why was this not debated then? The question of control was aired by several of the Executive members. This ability to just produce life with this capability would become a very desirable and possibly dangerous commodity, not unlike the first nations to have nuclear power. There would have to be an accord on this. As Xiang, who had been silent until now had anticipated, they were already rushing headlong down the alley of bureaucracy. “Excuse me for drawing your attention to the timescales. We have a few days before Copernicus embarks on the return. The next opportunity to study these Symbiants who have assisted Commander Magnusson’s crew in many ways, including saving their lives, is when Darwin begins her return voyage. That one year, I submit, is nowhere near enough for our human propensity to dot ‘i’s and cross ‘t’s, at every point of contention. After that, who knows when the next Mars mission will get the green light? Our new friends continue our work on Mars at an incredible pace while we can’t get off our backsides and decide. The initial rationale for the colonisation effort was to create a survival route for our species if the conservation programmes failed, or did not kick in until it was too late. Were these just empty political gestures? The religious issue will always be there, it always has been. Reliance upon any ‘almighty’ has never solved any such errant behaviour by our species, yet it has often been used as justification for war. It is time to subordinate agendas which threaten the species to those which offer hope, otherwise Mars missions should be seen for what they are – propaganda. Finally, I believe Mr. Koppelt has derived benefit with the Symbiant’s involvement in security investigations, but I’ll leave him to flesh out the detail. I need a decision today as Commander Magnusson has been told to bring at least one Symbiant if there is procrastination here. Preparations for departure are underway. Preparations for my own departure will follow if you people renege on your high and mighty promises.”
There never has been anything like the pressure of having to make a decision with an imminent deadline, for persuading to politicians come up with reasons to move the deadline. This was no different. The pathetic paper shuffling and retreat from the firing line was looming. Fortunately, Rabinowitz had another pressing matter to consider. His country was already becoming more vulnerable to the more subtle USAr strategy, without factoring in the success they almost achieved with the virus. To be seen to be backtracking on the very premise with which they had inspired the world, would add momentum to the zeal of the USAr. For Israel to face further isolation was unthinkable. His impartiality had to be sacrificed if there was to be a bigger picture to embrace. “Can we hear from Koppelt in the interests of completeness?”
Karl Koppelt prefaced his account by declaring the respect the Executive must have for the ongoing investigations. “What you are about to hear must be kept within these walls. Even then, I am uneasy at sharing this with anyone. It is one of the basic tenets of Intelligence work, that you never freely divulge anything which can weaken your position. In this case we have so much to gain from working with the Symbiants that the risk is justified.” The melodrama was embroidered further by Rabinowitz after Koppelt had spilled the detail. “The news that this intricate sabotage is being orchestrated by the USAr is bad; however, the good news is that my country has many networks of intelligence in the region to underpin our survival. Together with Koppelt’s people and the Symbiant assistance we could expose the leaders of this renegade action against a backdrop of a world accord to preserve our planet. It is too dangerous to allow this sabotage to ferment. The other concerns expressed today quite frankly are minimal by comparison.”
This relaxed everyone, not because Rabinowitz was right or he was unduly influential, but sadly because he had clearly offered himself as a scapegoat, if required. Quid pro quo.
The courageous decision to allow Alex 2 to come to Earth was an ego-massaging event. Xiang was a little disappointed that the import was limited to one, but reconciled this with the trade off in Pascal 2 being available to Commander Rebrov. He might not be so philosophical about the ruse of Red when Alex Redgrave’s body turned up.
********
The mood was tinged with sadness when Magnusson’s crew received the transmission. The Symbiants considered the decision to be quite logical because it maintained the status of promise.
Darwin personnel were pretty familiar with the chores by now and it was time for goodbyes. There were genuine tears when the Copernicus crew had to witness the Symbiants being split up. They exchanged what was for them, a reasonably long winded silent dialogue. Alex 2 revealed afterwards it had to do with constructing domes.
The ascent to rejoin the orbiting Copernicus was exemplary, a joint effort between Banjani, Carvalho and the calmness of Alex 2. Beijing was able to listen in this time to the contribution of detail from the Symbiant; theirs was a ‘supervisory’ balcony perspective.
Docking was just as sweet and once through airlock drill, the sequence of heating and life support were brought on line. Artificial gravity would be next, after achieving orbit exit. The two crews gazed in each other’s direction with differing emotions. The Copernicus view lived up to its connotation. The progress they had made echoed Neil Armstrong’s famous quotation all those years ago. For Darwin it was the independence to take care of expansion.

Chapter 37

The entire crew felt the loss of the two Symbiants who were left behind. None more so than Dupree, who was having difficulty coping with the situation. “Natalia, I am edgy and irritable. The choice should have been theirs. My dream to help humanity through this mission feels so devalued by this decision. When I was in my early twenties, all my four siblings lived at or close to my parents’ home. I came back infrequently and at the time I didn’t realise I was seen as the prodigal son. My clamour for independence was a convenient blind spot. The readiness of Pascal 2 to accept this dreadful edict has given me the role of the ‘tortured parent’. I hope it will pass.”
Natalia empathised. “Look forward – what will you do when we get home? You must make a new life. You can’t let this bring you down; you have too much to offer.”
“I know all that but it doesn’t seem to help. I do have a long standing offer which was made before we were selected for the mission. I’ll think about that, as I should probably have taken it in the first place.”
Magnusson was explaining the quarantine process to Alex 2 after docking at the space elevator. “We’ll all have to be decontaminated, then reside in clean room quarters until they’re satisfied we are risk free.”
“What is the decontaminant?” Magnusson confessed that he had forgotten but would ask.
********
Meanwhile Pykonnen, Red and Pascal 2 combined their efforts to locate the lost drillbot control panel in the chasm. After much searching with Darwin’s control panel and the two drillbot cameras they finally got close up shots. It was some four miles down and in pretty bad shape. It was not worth the herculean effort to recover it; they would have to make do with one controller. “It might be better use of our time to concentrate on protective domes,” said Red. 
The discussion moved to Rebrov’s quarters. “You already know something of our regenerative, predominantly inorganic chemistry. You have seen it in action with the forestation. The present regeneration of the plants damaged in the dust storm includes adaptation to improve resistance to such force. Our concept is to take transplants from these ‘immune’ growths, and arrange them in a large circle which can accommodate our vulnerable units. As the plants grow, we prune and taper them to begin a dome shape. By the time we have completed the dome we must have accumulated sufficient amorphous form to sprinkle over the entire surface. Replication will begin and the surface density will increase. By repeating the selective pruning and sprinkling, the amorphous form will experience an information plateau. As you know this will, in a short time begin to revert to crystal. It will be patchy at first but will rapidly fill in. We can use your lasers to cut an arch entrance. When this is removed we construct a pad there, sunk below the surface with guide recesses also built from crystal. This will allow entry of the units and ability of those units to open and close the door from outside or inside. This gives many advantages. Firstly, the crystals have survived billions of years of erosion and radiation, giving a very robust protection for equipment and humans. Secondly, as it is a continuous shell except for the door, it will have its own atmosphere generated by the internal plant growth. This of course depends on the precision of the angled laser cuts to make the door wedge shaped. When it is working, its oxygen can be siphoned off in a controlled way for collection and still maintain a breathable atmosphere inside. If you like it, we can then consider building really big ones. The only real limitation is crystal deposit, but the canyon is almost two thousand miles long and the chasm five miles deep in places. Our estimation shows this to be adequate.”
The astonishment shown by Rebrov and Pykonnen was twofold. There was the elegant simplicity coupled with the unshakable confidence that it would work. The proposal was not yet complete. Red continued, “You must forgive me for using simplistic terms like chemistry, but it is what you understand. You define some changes as chemical reactions, either spontaneous or catalysed. Other changes can be encouraged. You have already developed many new materials using only focussed electron beam energy. This is promising. You also have made the first steps in nanotechnology. You have these good basic tools to investigate our ‘chemistry’ much further.”
Rebrov unhesitatingly said, “Let’s give this priority, Red. I’ll brief the rest of the crew. You, Pascal 2 and Pykonnen organise the tasks into groups.”
Barely a week later, the first ‘dome’ had been planted and already the pruning arc was visible. Rebrov could not resist contacting Magnusson to express his amazement at the way the modest, humble approach of the Symbiants had fitted with his crew like an old pair of slippers. “Some of my people seem to forget that these guys don’t get tired or need sleep, but it doesn’t stop them working their breaks. Anyway I don’t intend claiming success with Beijing until the dome is complete.”
********
Magnusson gave the good news to Alex 2 and informed him that his recall of the decontamination process awaiting them was a two-stage cold plasma sweep. The first was to take care of the suits and the second a modified and gentler version of the individuals. A sonic scrub would be allowed on exiting quarantine.
“I am afraid that will be a problem, Commander. It may at least destabilise my data flow system. It will not cause loss of data, rather a safe mode of access and retrieval. However, depending on the intensity and exposure it could trigger reversion to crystal. That would mean another cycle of amorphous form, then completion with another subject, if you want to avail of my existing database.”
Magnusson just knew this was going to cause a furore, and he was not optimistic about the outcome. It would be better to engage in this war of words now, rather than creating a ‘headless chicken’ scenario by springing it on them upon arrival.
********
Koppelt was smarting from the Ahmed episode. He could not understand what benefit the surgery would be if the kidnap was genuine. If the surgery had achieved its objective why did they take him? Did he really insist on the painful procedure just to convince Koppelt that he was defecting? He decided to start again with Suliman, who was obviously not Mansour’s brother. Again he sought the help of Rabinowitz to covertly try to find out more in Lebanon. At least they had a location to begin the search.
********
The long trip home afforded time for Banjani and Natalia to begin planning their co-habiting venture. “An ocean view would be seductive,” said Banjani.
“Yes, and not just the view, walking and swimming. Maybe we need to think a lot more about what we will do career-wise too.”
“Well, I don’t know about you but I feel like a complete chill-out for a couple of months. I don’t want to rush at something right away, and we have our social ‘careers’ to progress.”
This did not sound like good news to Natalia. “Social careers? What are they?”
“We have both had unhappy relationships recently. This is a new beginning with a blank canvas, and we’ll have a certain celebrity status. Let it wash over us.”
Natalia kept pushing the feelings of attraction back, but like the ocean, its relentless waves kept breaking on the shore. There was a series of modest flutters then the crashing reminder of a gut-wrenching explosion of emotion. “I think I’d like to start a little business using my medical experience. Perhaps as a comprehensive personal healthy living consultant – appointment only – limited number of clients. I would offer supplemental prescription, lifestyle exercise and de-stressing body relaxation therapy. I would be able to manage it all on my own.”
“Could I enrol now?” pleaded Indira.
“You’re my first client. I can promise you ma’am that my new salon in San Francisco, with its ocean view, will be more to your liking than this Spartan mobile home.” 
“San Francisco, eh? Sounds good to me. They say if it doesn’t happen in ‘Frisco, then it doesn’t happen. It apparently has a very cosmopolitan feel. Let’s check it out. Now please attend to the needs of my aching body.”
‘If only you knew,’ mused Natalia.
 After days of raging argument the red tape was finally circumvented sufficiently to allow Alex 2 to have his own quarantine room where he would be attended for seven days by a suited medical team. They would conduct a laborious but extremely rigorous investigative programme, and pending a ‘clean bill of health’ he would be directed to join the rest of the crew.
********
Back on Mars, the dome was beginning to sparkle with the first dots of Scarlet O’Hara. The forestation had slowed with the effort to prise crystal from the chasm and shape the dome. More time could now be devoted to that project if the acquisition of crystal could be increased. The additional vehicles from Darwin made the task a little more efficient. Getting crystal from the seam in greater quantities had relied upon the Symbiants’ acrobatic abilities. Pykonnen used the drillbots to produce lines of fracture and large slabs were extracted by Red and Pascal 2. Having got them to the surface, they had to be stored in the lab to begin powdering. As it was not ‘safe’ for the humans to collect the powder, that task also had to be performed by the Symbiants. The rate-determining step was simply their number. Pykonnen put it to the Commander that it would be almost impossible to construct large domes if this was not addressed. “We can’t do this without authorisation, Jussi.”
The pragmatic reply from the Finn was, “Well, let’s make it an accidental contact while building this dome. By then we’ll know if it gives us what we want and you will have informed Beijing. I’ll volunteer of course.”
The pragmatism was not reciprocated by his commanding officer, so he discussed the completion process with Red and Pascal 2. They said they had experienced division of opinion before. It was a characteristic which puzzled them, but they would help as always. When Jussi felt ill he informed Rebrov, who was livid, but agreed to allow the crew to observe the completion with Pascal 2 in attendance. The experience went exactly as they had been told it would and yet they marvelled at the new arrival communicating with them so quickly.
Rebrov was now as insubordinate as Magnusson had become. It didn’t feel all that bad. Knowledge of the event would stay on Mars for now. He also knew his next completion request would not be long in arriving. The first Darwin Symbiant was, like Red, accorded the choice of his own name. He chose Finn.
The additional ‘body’ truly demonstrated why the others were keen to follow Pykonnen’s example. Rebrov was genuinely torn between endorsing a programme which would not only reduce workload but add protection value for his crew, or simply adhere to instruction from people who only worked to rule.

Chapter 38

Suliman was obviously yet another code name as there was no lead whatsoever via Rabinowitz’ contacts. It would therefore be necessary to change approach. The revelation to the world of the impending extraterrestrial arrival had created fantastic interest and positive curiosity. This appealed to Koppelt as a conversational tool to profile anti-Symbiant sentiment in Lebanon.
********
As each day passed, Rebrov moved closer to disclosure of the ‘accident’. His hope was that it would pave the way for more sympathetic discussion on extending the recruitment of more Symbiants. The progress on the dome was reinforcing the pressure from the crew. The unbroken red hemisphere was gradually thickening. Red had calculated it would resist stronger dust storms than the previous monster at a thickness of ten centimetres. However as an additional margin of security he suggested a mild manufactured storm to initiate regeneration of adapted crystal. The frequent naturally occurring mini-storms would propagate this trend to optimum shell durability. They would soon be ready to cut out the door.
Pykonnen was still in the novelty phase of ‘talking to himself’. He was fascinated by the Symbiant’s superior interpretation of his own knowledge. Jussi’s theories on silicate replication potential turned out to be rather conservative. However, there was too much concentration on the central role of Silicon, and its perceived limitations. More focus was required on data handling potential and less regression to accommodation of organic considerations. Finn characteristically would not specifically advise direction for Jussi, merely hinting at general promise or cautioning biological obsession.
********
The world’s interest in the arrival of Alex 2 was not mirrored in the USAr. This was partly because it was discouraged by officialdom, but also because it was a challenge to faith. This was quite logical as Islam was more central to life in the Middle East than other religions were in their respective regions. However there was an undercurrent of objectivity flourishing in the cafes and bars. This is where Rabinowitz’ agents, under Koppelt’s orders, joined in the debate. These agents were Lebanese, not Israeli. Every cold war scenario in history has thrown up people who are prepared to betray the hand which feeds them for personal gain, masquerading as idealism. Eventually names were being associated with challenging the ruling doctrine. Fear was also expressed that they would face grave risk. Teasing out why and specifically who, was met with reticence, but perseverance did begin to pay off. Apparently there was an uncomfortable presence of Iranian undercover personnel in Lebanon and other USAr member states. There were certain means to recognise these shadowy figures but interaction was considered very dangerous. A number of vociferous reformers had disappeared inexplicably, and even their families did not offer more than token protest. The local populace knew that those families had also been threatened. Further investigation was going to cost a lot more. 
********
Veltrano asked Dupree if he had anything for a dry cough, he had almost lost his voice. Dupree nodded and joked that his broken jaw had accounted for the longest period of his life without speaking. He gave Veltrano some soothing medication and the Mexican resumed his duties. When he was absent for supper the doctor looked in on him and found he had worsened. Dupree downloaded his bio data and discovered evidence of severe respiratory restriction. Veltrano was also sweating heavily and thought he had a heavy bout of flu. The Doctor gave him some standard antibiotics and told him to rest for a couple of days. He reported this to the crew and suggested they give Veltrano’s quarters a wide berth. The next morning Dupree did not feel so good himself. He was alternating chills with the sweats and he soon had diarrhoea. He informed the Commander and asked Natalia to stand in for him.
Banjani was the third to suffer similar symptoms of coughing, vomiting and profuse sweating. Natalia decided to contact Pascal 2 to make a quicker and more thorough trawl of the medical database he had uploaded while they were on Mars. The communication was performed through Alex 2 so as to cover everything relevant and store it. The reply covered a lot of possibilities but as the condition was not responding to the standard antibiotics, the elimination process pointed to Legionella pneumophila.
“But where could this have come from?” asked Magnusson.
“Sir,” said Carvalho, “up to 80% of drinking water can be recycled through the unit from time to time. Although it has not reached that level very often it was shut down while Copernicus orbited Mars, then restarted when we returned.”
“Could be,” admitted Natalia, “the most common source of infection known is from water reservoirs and cooling units.”
Alex 2 accessed the database and interrupted. “It is described as spreading by breathing in infected droplets, and there is no evidence of it being passed person to person in the way of an airborne bacterial transmission. It also states that symptoms for diagnosis usually appear in 7 days after initial infection then worsen after a further 4 days.”
The worst fears were confirmed when Veltrano had blood in his sputum. Magnusson had a fever. The remaining crew decided to don their space suits and breathe more reliably from the backpack supply. They also started to use what was left of the bottled water supply, and switched off the recycling system.
Alex 2 mentioned the specialised antibiotics which had been developed for this condition. Natalia found two such types in the dispensary – Ciprofloxacin and Erythromycin. Had someone actually guessed this could happen? The bad news was that the supply was limited. Also the database did not recommend which type should be used with the different symptoms.
Dupree was too ill to make a judgement. They contacted Pascal 2 again to ask if Dupree’s own experience included treatment of this rare condition. The answer was negative. The first three to go down were getting worse. Magnusson was not yet deteriorating and could have even improved in the suit. They had already checked this with Earth simultaneously but no reply had yet arrived. Time was of the essence. Veltrano’s respiration, even with oxygen assistance, was audibly painful and Dupree had worsened, with blood being coughed up. Banjani’s fever was not as acute but she now had chest pain.
The reply from Earth had taken so long because the foremost authorities had divergent recommendations. Natalia had to act. She reviewed the individual symptoms against the database summary of the two antibiotics. She decided that the two males had reasonably like symptoms and would be given Erythromycin. The other was prescribed for Banjani. Magnusson declined anything as the supply was already critical.
After one day on their medication there was no improvement expected but Veltrano was descending into a coma. Natalia was in a no-win situation. Switching Veltrano’s antibiotic may not revive him and consequently impair the chances of one of the others if the supply ran out. Dupree asked to see the Commander and Alex 2. While out of his hallucinatory state he asked Alex 2 if a completion would engage the replication process in adapting to immunity. The answer was ‘probably yes’. The next question was unexpected. “Will the process extend to reverse engineer an adaptive mechanism to my physiology?”
Alex 2 had no data or logic to relate to such a possibility. Dupree asked Magnusson to authorise this as a last hope. “I have nothing to lose.” Alex 2 performed the procedure and resealed the container. Banjani’s life signs were improving after two days and she was able to say the chest pain had gone. 
Javier Veltrano died three days into the medication. Copernicus was shrouded in gloom. Dupree’s second completion was bizarre in comparison to the first. It was as if there were hesitation periods and uncertainty over abortion. Alex 2 said this was irregular. After the completion, the new member was sluggish in communication and when he did communicate, he asked for time to finish data accumulation. Dupree’s condition appeared to be unchanged. The Symbiant eventually unscrambled the unusual data and declared his immune adaptation had been complex and was in several stages. Alex 2 said that this was a rare process. When asked if he knew any more about Dupree’s condition, the Symbiant replied that this is what caused the complication in his own struggle. His interpretation implied that his own stepped alteration helped to preoccupy the infection and allow Dupree’s antibiotic to gain time to resist further deterioration. The infection may have been confused at being confronted with two different responses within one host. What was clear he said was that there was no conference of immunity to Dupree at the separation.

Chapter 39

Banjani was gradually shedding the symptoms and as yet had no idea of the fate of the others. Dupree was holding his own now that Natalia had been able to increase his dosage of antibiotics. Beijing was like a mausoleum, and had passed on the details to Rebrov with recommendations on how to avoid a repetition.
There was no record of any family to be contacted on behalf of Javier Veltrano despite rigorous searches. In view of this, Xiang recommended to Magnusson that the body should be committed to space with a respectful funeral service. This brought up the dilemma of the other body – Alex Redgrave. It would have been convenient to jettison him as well, but they all knew it would be required for the Intelligence people.
With only five surviving human personnel and supplies for seven, there was in theory a surplus, but one which relied on some recycling. They could not afford the risk of further recycling, so the situation was critical. The oxygen was not the main concern as long as they could get out of the suits and breathe the main supply with the recycling leg out of the loop. There wasn’t enough bottled water to provide a healthy minimum for everyone over the remaining distance to Earth. They set up a rationing chart which was marginally below the minimum, while creative suggestions could be explored. As Dupree was still locked in his titanic battle with the infection, the Symbiant was the most knowledgeable medical presence on board. In the absence of a better proposal, he recommended a rota of controlled reduction in metabolic rate by the available drugs on board. Reduction of the temperature in the living quarters overall, and two personnel at a time in deep sleep, would produce less body water loss, and extend the bottled supply by a worthwhile margin. It wouldn’t be a pleasant existence, but all crew functions could be handled by the two Symbiants until docking. Feverish discussion on Earth was ongoing but had not yielded a breakthrough concept. 
********
On Mars, this news had overshadowed the stunning success of the dome. The pruning of the internal plants left considerable space for all the vehicles and the drillbot control system, allowing some other stores to be moved to the original vehicle housing, alleviating the impact on space compromise in habitat and lab units. The decision to build a really large dome was to be reviewed after the forestation project was advanced to completion of the current phase.
********
The situation aboard Copernicus had attracted the religious zealots from around the world to declare this as a message from on high that we are not supposed to interfere with his designated destiny for humanity. The opposing view charted the plethora of examples of fence-sitting by the almighty on issues such as the deployment of nuclear bombs, biochemical weaponry and testing of the big bang apparatus in Switzerland.
The media were basking in the self-generation of resulting headlines. Coupled with the additional Symbiant arriving, there was the questioning of him being in apparent control of the lives of the crew. This Symbiant, because of other priorities, had no name as yet, so the media could not resist scribing their own – none of them complimentary.
********
This latent meltdown of the mission and twist in the media reporting angle had considerable impact on perception in the Middle East. The recent shoots of a call for more involvement in science, in a concurrent backdrop of religious brainwashing, were being systematically eradicated. Such authoritarian directives facilitated Koppelt’s Lebanese efforts to winkle out nodes within the chain of command. The first of these related to the three ‘kidnapped’ bodies in the car crash. This was political dynamite if Koppelt could establish proof.
********
It was considered a risk too far to sedate those ‘recovering’ from infection, so the first two volunteers were Carvalho and Natalia, which allowed Magnusson to stay in touch with Beijing. Prior to ‘going under’, Natalia jumped for joy. In all the recent turmoil she had completely forgotten that there was an unopened crate of balanced energy drinks in the medical bay. There had been no call for them, but there certainly was now. The crate housed sixteen half-litre plastic, screw topped bottles. She recommended that these should punctuate the water rationing rather than used in a block replacement of water. Magnusson was grateful for this, some good news at last. 
Two days later and Banjani was recovered sufficiently to be told of the situation and wept profusely at Javier Veltrano’s passing. She was also impacted by not being able to share this grief with Natalia. The time had come to switch back from back pack oxygen to general supply. If this was not proven to be safe then the water problem would be irrelevant. There were nervous days ahead.
Two of those days saw a turning point for Dupree. He had avoided a coma and now had longer spells of ‘eyes wide open’. This was more good news for Magnusson but realistically put more pressure on the water supply. Carvalho and Natalia were welcomed back and they were only able to have a few minutes with Magnusson and Banjani before they experienced their first eclipse.
Another three days welcomed Dupree back to something like his normal self. The sedative relay teams exchanged the baton again. There was no adverse effect from the general oxygen supply as yet.
********
Rabinowitz’s agents had not been able to unearth proof of suspicious death with the car crash. However, there were more street clashes over the disputes in God v Science, and one face kept cropping up. This would be pursued very carefully.
********
The funeral of Javier Veltrano caused a temporary hiatus in the water conservation rota. It was a ceremony of honourable simplicity and one which the Symbiants did not really comprehend. When it was all over Magnusson suggested it was about time the latest addition to the Symbiant population had a name. Carvalho, who ended up a closer friend to Javier than anyone, dug deep to find his sense of humour and quipped, “How about the ‘Grim Sleeper’?”
It broke the sombre mood and they all made suggestions which didn’t hit the mark. The actual subject of the christening faintly intruded with ‘Trois’, as he was the third version of Dupree. Affirmation was unanimous. 
The oxygen supply was now considered clean. Alex 2 calculated that the fluids would run out approximately eight days before docking at the current usage rate. However he had noticed the usage rate had changed. He was getting three extra measures per bottle of energy fluid and five extra measures per bottle of water. His logic took him to air his confusion with the Commander. “Do you have any idea how this could happen?”
“I guessed you would figure it out.”
Magnusson had been secretly returning some samples of his own fluids back to the bottles. The frequency, he confessed, matched Alex 2’s ‘windfall’. “This is not an acceptable gesture, it is potentially a dangerous sacrifice; the crew needs its belief in you. If they suffer psychological malaise because their strongest colleague goes down, it may have the exact consequence you seek to avoid. You are seen as the man who beat the barren polar wastes repeatedly, you must be their leader and example during this time. Apart from that your noble gesture can only extend the dry point by less than one day.”
Magnusson nodded reluctantly. Alex 2’s new shortfall estimate was about 8.17 days!!!Because of this it was decided to stop any unnecessary physical exercise or energy expenditure including calisthenics and massage. The boredom was becoming a problem. It seemed that all there was to think about was the generally accepted three to four day maximum survival time without water, and the current estimate that they had to survive more than double that threshold. This could not be a precise calculation. Temperature, energy expenditure and metabolic rate would all affect the individual. Death was also likely to be preceded by a stage of irrecoverable damage, thereby questioning the definition of ‘survival’. Even factoring in the lower body water loss with the sedation it was not going to be enough.
********
Xiang had become irritated about the lack of creativity from self-proclaimed experts in their field. He had decided some days ago that if this vacuum prevailed, he would devise a rescue mission. It would be considered by some of the fence-sitters to be foolhardy. He could not just ‘sit and accept fate’.
The small inspect and repair pods at the space elevator worked on conventional thrusters and could only carry one person plus tools. In this case it would be one person plus water. The one person would be the main problem as far as the doubters were concerned. Dictates had been long established that this was risky in space flight for all sorts of reasons. He knew the timing would be critical to ensure crossing paths with Copernicus; however there were two very positive aspects. These little craft were extremely manoeuvrable and the tricky transfer would be far less risky with the Symbiants’ capability in space without suits, oxygen and concern over radiation. 
Xiang was well aware that he would only be able to pull this off if the pilot was a volunteer rather than having been selected, because it would have to be a clandestine operation until underway. He knew it had to be himself. There was one element which was worrying. The communication equipment in the pod was basic and short range. He needed a fix for this and quick. He called on his senior communications officer and asked him to get one of his most reliable technicians to cannibalise some of the backup equipment and hook it into the pod. The pod supervisor had to be in on the scheme to allow the mock up. They were all behind Xiang, as no other option was forthcoming, and this meant that the Copernicus crew would just dehydrate, pass into a coma and expire. They could not let this happen and were disgusted with the movers and shakers not moving, only shaking. 
Xiang had blueprinted the sequence, allowing sufficient time to contact Alex 2 in order to explain the daring attempt. He wanted the Symbiant to work out when to launch, and the burn time for the thrusters to give optimal course, speed and time of rendezvous. The communication upgrade would allow for corrections as they arose. He also asked if he could calculate the amount of water needed to be delivered at that rendezvous point to ensure survival, as space was very tight and the new comm. would take up quite a proportion. Alex 2 was informed of the renegade nature of the rescue and was asked to keep this between the two of them. The Symbiant agreed, but was again astonished by the convoluted human psyche within a chain of authority. Xiang should have known the calculations would be quick but not almost instantaneous. He had enough space for about 10% more water than Alex 2 needed.
The calculations on the pod took a little longer, as Xiang had to initially transmit the design and power rating information to Copernicus, for Alex 2 to advise the date, time and initial burn. All of this information was essential otherwise they wouldn’t be able to deliver the pod to the prescribed coordinates.

Chapter 40

Koppelt’s hounds in Lebanon had made a breakthrough. They had cross confirmation that Adel Zandi, Arash Teymourian and Suliman Ali were the same person. If they could be, or have someone else be in his presence when Koppelt rang the number for Suliman from Mansour’s confiscated phone, it could be the final proof. If this proved to be the case, the investigation may have to move to Iran. There was a strong belief that this mafia style character was controlled from Shiraz, Iran’s fifth most populated city. It was apparently the capital of Persia during the Zand dynasty (one of his names was Zandi). It was the site of the country’s first solar energy plant; it had very large oil refining capacity and was the major seat of the electronics industry. More speculative information placed his family in Mashhad, the second largest city and one of the holiest in the Shia world.
When Koppelt fed this to Rabinowitz it produced a grave, contorted facial expression. They agreed it was a bad idea to try this phone trick, because if it was the target he would know he was being called by a dead man from Beijing. Rabinowitz was not willing to play Sherlock Holmes in Iran. “Oil, solar power, and electronics lead me to believe I may know the family he works for. You wouldn’t know, but Arash was a Persian folklore hero. Zandi ‘connects’ him to a different Persian dynasty, and the name Ali is said to be closely related to a famous prophet. I feel confident that you have your man. If we go back to this Circle of Restoration, it may be that senior recruits have an insignia of membership. It is a typical declaration of a cause, along with a cult motto. It could be wiser to look for something of that nature than take the search to their turf.”
Koppelt was despondent, for fifteen seconds. “Thank you, I have an idea. Could your boys in Lebanon get this guy out but make it look like a local job?”
“It’s possible but tricky, and expensive. Why?”
“Well, if we could make it look like a Lebanese freedom group with its recognised hallmarks, but create a diversion and get him on a plane out here, we’ll have it all.” Rabinowitz waited, expressionless. “We could subject him to these replicant people and empty his brain; then we have bargaining power.”
“Aren’t you forgetting the ethics brigade?”
Koppelt smiled and said, “No, that’s your territory…and who better than an Israeli to find a way around it? It’s in the interest of your own country without picking up any perceived direct involvement.”
“Very smart Karl, maybe I should just let you go into Iran.”
“What, and neglect your responsibility to the Confederation of Nations?”
“Let me think about this.” 
********
Alex 2 left Trois to look after the Rip van Winkle rota while he refined his plan, for transfer of the water and Xiang from the pod to Copernicus. It was quite a complex dimensional calculation and had to account for the crudity of thrusters’ control, when comparing what should happen with what is actually possible. The plan depended on a deceleration of both vessels to a standstill and close enough for one of the Symbiants to use handheld thrust units to get to the pod with an umbilical cord. Returning with the water container should be straightforward and then Xiang should follow using the cord and safety harness. Both ships would be in zero gravity to optimise relative attitude to one another, so for the locking on of the cord, it was critical for all stages to be executed with direct sight lines. The deceleration of Copernicus would add incremental time to Earth docking by having to recover velocity. All of these factors had margins of error in the estimates, and the cumulative effect could easily end up consuming the small safety surplus of water, defeating the object of the exercise. Alex 2 proposed to Magnusson, without disclosing the plan, that it might be prudent for all of the crew involved in the rota to be sedated for a prolonged period. They all knew the current eight day shortfall was probably a fatal one. Alex 2 argued that increasing their downtime to active time ratio was essential to the objective of narrowing the gap. Simply increasing the velocity was not a favourable option as it would require significantly more fuel to achieve braking in time for docking. If this was attempted and went wrong, the consequences would be disastrous. Having the crew in slumber would also keep a lid on the emotional response to the planned cosmic gymnastics. The crew trusted Alex 2’s proposal to monitor the additional water savings by gradually increasing the sleep ratio while there was time - until it was time to draw straws.
********
The timeslot given to Xiang by Alex 2 was fortunately during a busy period - maintenance wise, so that the departure could be ‘lost in the traffic’. Xiang’s whereabouts could be a more risky problem, and as much as he agonised over his career consequences, he knew that disclosure would result in political posturing, costing lives. He arranged a meeting with Koppelt for the departure slot, briefing his staff that this was a ‘do not disturb’ security session. He also made it clear to Karl that he should not react when he became a no show. “Don’t try to contact anyone and repel all attempts to intrude into the meeting. I need your trust on this one.”
********
The one place free of intrigue at this time was Mars. It was not free of progress. The wheel of forestation was complete. The repetitive prune and replication combined with the Symbiant’s green-fingered nutrient experiments had produced a remarkable rate of propagation. An estimated five years of growth had been achieved in a tenth of that period. The major efficiency came from manipulating ‘gene’ replication to virtually no seasonal dormancy. The local maximum oxygen daily level had now increased to 0.4%. The benefits and trade-offs were being evaluated for further forestation versus a large dome as the next priority. 
********
The complication in Lebanon would in theory assist Koppelt’s plan. There was long-standing threat of civil war. The pro-government Sunnis and Shiite Hezbollah were constantly in and out of street conflict with one another. Adding in the Druze, PSP and multiple anti-Syrian factions improved the camouflage. Some of these anti-Syrian groups had operated for years under the guise of private security companies to avoid annoying the bigger players. One more of these groups would almost go unnoticed, until the identity of the target spread from local to national exposure. It was also more manageable in terms of organisation and personnel required. The apparent contradiction struck Koppelt as bizarre. Presumably the same people who drove through the ‘accord’ for the formation of the USAr were those sponsoring street militia, and thus fuelling the perceived instability. His gut told him that it must somehow fit some master plan. Straddling the gorge until the time was right – probably related to oil reserves, and the wealth being even more unevenly distributed than the capitalist world. Power was always to be found somewhere in the grand design. The region was constituted by disparate nations, albeit with common denominators of oil and Islam. The immensely wealthy had much to lose by religion being overtaken by technological progress too quickly. Although this was impossible to prevent in the long term, as was the case with the Soviet Union, it had to be managed. Having many warring factions with just causes was a useful distraction. The bigger picture involved a gradual steering of the capitalist world’s oil reserves. They would predictably run out, and this required careful orchestration from the USAr. Conflicts like the second Gulf war had to be avoided. A subtle - oil for technology policy -towards the West in particular, would keep an even keel while it was still possible to internally extol the virtue of fundamental values of Islam. Managing this intersection would be very precarious, but the high stakes justified the pain.
Karl was rather pleased with his analysis. He would bounce this off Rabinowitz, or would he? He might have to broaden the concern to the ‘incidental’ demise of Israel as fallout from the primary objective. Rabinowitz would, in all probability, see it the other way around. If the USAr ascended to status rivalling the big four, it was only a matter of time before Israel became a bargaining chip. As he needed Rabinowitz’s people to carry out his ‘snatch’ in Lebanon, the philosophical stuff would wait.
********
The new sedation routine for the entire crew was giving a worthwhile gain in water conservation and perhaps just as important, a better social atmosphere. As Dupree was now included, the supper table was the focus for all questions and concerns. One constant scenario provoked difficult questions for Alex 2. It was the probability of reaching the ‘dry point’ and the subsequent decision to accept further sedation. This could mean farewell and the emotional need to write or record last thoughts or simply remain conscious. Alex 2 responded with one consistent but unconvincing reply. “Beijing is working all hours available on a rescue plan. We should not make decisions on possible outcomes until there is no alternative.”
The cold was the one and only incentive for embracing another timeout. It was difficult to resist keeping warmer, even though they knew it was necessary. Magnusson kept saying they should imagine they were in the trenches of the Somme for months at a time in freezing, wet conditions and taking enemy fire constantly. He was often met with the response that it would be easier if they had no means of addressing the cold, but in reality the flick of a switch would end their discomfort. For once he was seen as unsympathetic when he insisted it was merely a test of mental tenacity. “Some have it, some don’t. I faced this in my polar campaigns and believe me it was worse than this.”
Carvalho and Natalia both accepted this as a nudge to get back on track. Conversely Dupree and Banjani accused him of showboating how relevant his macho side had been in being selected as Commander. Alex 2 and Trois tried to calm the mutinous tendency by basically repeating ad-nauseum that there really was no alternative. Banjani glared at them. “That’s ok for you to say, you have no way of experiencing cold.”
Carvalho piped up. “Alex 2, maybe you could set us some homework to occupy our thoughts instead of thinking continuously about the problem. It would be difficult for us to arrive at your estimate of the dry point without the use of a powerful database. Anyone up for it?”
It was a galvanising suggestion. Because their minds were sluggish they decided to work in teams of two with one of them as a ‘referee’.

Chapter 41

When Koppelt rang Rabinowitz after almost a week, the Israeli was still playing for time. However Karl turned up the heat by admitting that he could not be associated with having important information and doing nothing with it. “Look Eyal, I was lucky that Xiang pulled a rabbit out of the hat on the virus. I’m not going to tolerate an encore. If you can’t genuinely help that’s OK, but either way I have to file a report on my next steps, with all other options, even the ones which I could not pursue.”
“Mmm, I’ll contact my homeland. I am in a position here where my impartiality has to be transparent. If something went wrong it would be preferable if the old enemy were blamed, guilty or not, rather than hand these people the ammunition of exposing corruption here, which is exactly what they want. Go ahead and draw up your scheme, with only the personnel to fill in.”
********
It was less than three weeks to Xiang’s escapade. The plug and play communication rig was almost ready for grafting, and one of the pods had been ‘scheduled’ as ready for a facelift in control software. He informed Alex 2 of the status quo and the Symbiant took the opportunity to question the wisdom of holding out on the crew. When he related the schism which had developed because they felt they were on death row, Xiang relented - on condition that they all agreed to be sedated while the transfer was executed.
Alex 2 assembled the crew to give them their maths homework. They were all confused by the small Earthside object of limited velocity and range. What was the point? The normal calculation was beyond them anyway. The explanation just irritated them until he spilled the beans. There were as many lumps in throats as for Javier’s funeral but these were accompanied by tears of joy.
********
The Israelis were less than deliriously happy at the request, but Rabinowitz had convinced them of the longer term benefit. Not since the audacious raid on Amin’s regime in Entebbe had they needed to call on their crack special extraction forces. Documents, false ID cards and uniforms were supplied and the timing set for family socialising following Sunday prayers. The insertion Magda helicopter was decked in Lebanese Army livery. Designed to carry personnel on high risk missions, it was heavily armed and very manoeuvrable, as a camouflaged landing site was critical for this kind of operation. The chosen site was in the western foothills of the great central mountain range between Beirut and Zahl. Rabinowitz’ Lebanese contacts would pick up the twelve elite ‘Lebanese – Syrian Security Militia’. The uniforms were convincing but accepted under some sufferance from the wearers. It didn’t feel right laying one’s life on the line in a foreign battledress. Advance preparation work in designing and predating membership of a website for the LSSM would help authenticity in the aftermath. They also needed to be seen and hopefully caught on security cameras. The truck in which they were to be driven to the snatch point in Beirut was totally neutral. It was considered too risky, even in darkness, to make the exit by driving all the way back to the helicopter. Once they were clear of the suburbs, the chopper would rendezvous with them and get back over the Lebanese/Israeli border before any alert forces could respond. Rabinowitz’ two Lebanese truck drivers would also have to leave and be repatriated later.
********
It was over five years since Xiang had been to the Moon, so he was a little rusty, but at least the pod was a simple little craft. He had mixed emotions – piloting again was appealing – apprehension centred on the literal possibility of passing like ships in the night. The mental anaesthetic was the confidence he had in this life form he had never met. His greatest wrench was going to be telling his wife of his intent. The children were too young to be involved and she would have to bear the uncertainty alone. He was able to blank all the other aspects, but not this one. It was made a little less onerous by his almost telepathic assurance that she would understand.
********
All of a sudden Koppelt was feeling nervous. The plan had been innovative and exciting to construct. It was becoming utterly dominant in his everyday activity. Elements never considered in the blueprint were haunting him – what if the truck had a tyre blow out leaving Beirut? What if Suliman was ill and did not follow his observed Sunday routine? Most recently – What if failure impacts Xiang’s request for his cover?
********
Copernicus was harmonious again, despite the abject failure of either team to get within 5% of the correct space/time coordinates of Alex 2’s dry point. They were actually making plans again. Dupree was going to take up a long standing offer in the Sudan, assisting reconstruction by overseeing better health programmes. Carvalho had much clearer ideas on how to help further the cause of the Symbiants, related to the gospel of Artificial Intelligence. The lakes in the north of Sweden were beckoning Magnusson and his family, maybe a really swish houseboat. The two females were well into the details of a period property renovation project.
********
Forty minutes before the Helicopter set down, the coded message of its arrival time was accurately flashed off to the waiting truck, which had already eased its way out of Beirut at a leisurely pace, attracting little or no attention. Pickup achieved. Weaving through the suburbs to the target ‘garage’ location was also uneventful. Entry into the property provided the first opportunity for curiosity by the locals. Discharging the bodyguards was swift and noisy courtesy of a cacophony of AK-47’s. The sentinel group stretched from the house to the truck, and they were all happy to brandish their pride in their regalia. Uninhibited screaming permeated the burst of gunfire. Suliman’s mouth was taped; his hands shackled and he was inserted head first into a large, dirty sack. Onlookers cowered behind walls and vehicles, but some had the presence to flash cameras from roof terraces. The truck screeched out of its cover and the ‘LSSM’ loyalists boarded, then it was gone in a flash of ammunition discharged to the sky.
The local Lebanese driver cut through the suburbs with clinical knowledge and the tension began to subside, then out of nowhere a refuse collection truck reversed into their path. The driver was already immune to verbal abuse and threats after years in the job. He was more respectful of the two militiamen and their persuasive armoury. This round of public identification was not welcome and the driver decided to skip to a different exit route. It would add some estimated eight minutes before they could join the highway parallel to the mountains and then swing on to the rough road to meet the Magda. Those eight minutes were enough for the bush telegraph to respond.
When all personnel were aboard, the chopper lifted from its cover and headed back. The response had gathered some degree of coordination and a genuine Lebanese Army helicopter loomed someway ahead of them. It attempted to make radio contact and the on-air silence brought them closer. With the extra personnel on the return leg the pilot informed the leader of the squad that he could not outrun this threat. The decision was instantaneous, an RPG was fired wide of the approaching chopper. It caused them to veer erratically and temporarily retreat. The leader had to shake off this nuisance without them figuring out they were headed back to Israel. He instructed the pilot to alter course to the East and the general direction of Syria. For some reason this action provoked the chasing helicopter to open fire with a machine gun. There unfortunately was no choice - the Magda swung around and the expertise of the co-pilot delivered the second RPG resulting in a fireball which would be seen for miles around. Unknown to them the Lebanese pilot’s last words had reported the ‘stolen army’ unit heading for Syria. The Magda returned to the original course to the south. The whole episode had found its way on to radio stations quicker than anticipated. As the helicopter raced over the border it was tracked by both Lebanese and Israeli sweeps. The foresight of the latter had no fewer than nine gunships from the Golan patrol force to chase down the ‘LSSM’ runaway. Once the Magda touched down well inside the border and the target was whisked away in a security car, the helicopter was destroyed by rockets. This was reported to the Lebanese authorities with well-rehearsed anger, and they were invited to come and take some of the wreckage away. They were also asked to keep their house in order, not export this chaos to an already sensitive hot spot. The Lebanese were somewhat puzzled by no evidence of human remains. The Israelis simply shrugged shoulders and asked how many people were in the Magda, and who they were. When the reply was noncommittal, they revealed that on refusal to submit, close to landing, the occupants were hit with at least four RPG’s. It may have been overkill but the gunships could not take chances, the Magda was heavily armed and the pilot was acting like a crazy man. He was probably completely incinerated as the heat had completely melted parts of the rotor. The pseudo affront was bought by the Lebanese and they departed with some of the wreckage for further analysis.
Koppelt received the message ‘Rook to Queen six; checkmate’. This was what he had prayed for; it signified Suliman was awaiting air transport to Beijing. There was some irony in this as the Lebanese media were broadcasting unconfirmed reports of his possible death following his kidnap by dissident militia.

Chapter 42

The last two days to Xiang’s launch were passing painfully slowly. His wife had asked him several times about his edginess and he had replied that it was the helplessness he felt at the plight of his friends on Copernicus. It was a feeling shared by most of the world’s population, who were by now aware of the unbridgeable gap of water requirement. One of the hardest aspects to accept for the man in the street was that the astonishing catalogue of dangers already averted was to be neutralised by such a mundane cause. It was bad press except for the Circle of Restoration. As often happens with such forlorn by intransigence - a sick, voyeuristic media obsession develops and is disguised by manufactured poignancy and false tears.
********
His departure did not exactly go unnoticed yet it was a curiously long time before anyone officially reported the incident. Even then there was confusion. Many had assumed this was the refurbished pod going through the refit checklist, and paid little attention to the fact it had not returned. The hiatus prevailed until Xiang’s wife received the call he had told her to expect. “He is at his office as usual, is there something wrong?”
The answer was reassuringly untrue, there was no problem. The hurriedly arranged but disorganised search gave the requisite time for him to set in course and achieve the modest maximum velocity capability of the pod.
By the time all other personnel had been accounted for, including sickness and time off, there was only one conclusion. That conclusion was corroborated by the unaltered heading of the pod. As Xiang had blocked Beijing’s connection to himself for now, they contacted Copernicus. Alex 2 received the news and replied with his usual stoic ‘matter of fact’ poise. “I see. Can you give me his course projection?”
It came through and Alex 2 thanked them, indicating he would be doing his own calculations to verify a meeting point or otherwise. Beijing appreciated this as they were unable to contact the pod. The crew was ecstatic and asked when they would be able to make contact with Xiang. “He will contact us in a few hours and we will discuss minor course corrections if they apply. Our position is such that the short communication time delay has to be factored into this, but fortunately we are rapidly approaching the point of negligible delay. This was crucial in our estimates.” 
********
Suliman had been transferred to an underground detention facility in Beijing and was visibly terrified. Meanwhile the post-mortem raged in Lebanon and the bush fire had inevitably spread to other USAr members. Syria was deflecting blame. Saudi Arabia asked what agents of fear like Suliman were doing in Lebanon. Iraq made the point that Iran was worryingly silent considering the loss of a prominent citizen. When his house in Lebanon was searched, the family seemed very nervous about the imminent discovery of certain official documents. The official source of these papers was unknown to the Lebanese security forces.
The interrogation began in a low key fashion, asking Suliman for help in tracing two of their employees who had disappeared after leaving their posts in Beijing. “We know they ended up in the Middle East and we know you were involved. Please listen to these recorded phone calls to yourself from Mansour. The actual names are not too important as it seems everyone in the USAr has multiple identities. Take a look at the photo please.” The prisoner shook his head.
“Would you like someone to speak to you in Arabic?” He nodded his head vigorously. “Very well, but don’t forget we know that you speak English. We will return tomorrow with an interpreter.”
********
Xiang came through to Copernicus and the first thing he suggested was that they put up with the diminishing time delay rather than ‘send’ transmission. Alex 2 greeted him, agreed the proposal and delivered way points from which he would adjust Xiang’s heading. He also made him aware of Mission Control’s contact and their wish to be kept in the loop. Xiang had no objection but refused direct contact, he needed no distraction from his focus on the transfer.
********
Despite the interpreter and the time to reflect Suliman continued to deny any involvement, only more eloquently in his mother tongue. Koppelt dispensed with the Arabic and calmly advised Suliman that he had a choice of two courses of action. “You can tell us what we want to know or you will be subjected to replication by these Martian life forms when they arrive. Apparently the process is very unpleasant, the new body arising out of your brain, which is stripped of its content. If we need to do this we’ll have everything you know and we’ll then drop you back in Iran for you to take your chance. Please yourself, just let the guard know when you decide.”
********
Alex 2 had given the pod two minor course corrections and told Xiang that the relative attitude between the two vessels was important for establishing the umbilical correctly. He said it would be easier to adjust the pod than Copernicus, and he would talk Xiang through any last minute twirls at the time. Preparations were in hand for hand-held mini-thrusters and rehearsals would be completed in the next two days. Alex 2 kept Beijing informed and managed to convince them that this rescue attempt had a reasonable probability of success as predicted by his statistical modelling.
********
Suliman called Koppelt’s bluff by playing for time. He opted for the replication. Koppelt switched tactics by telling him quite a bit of what they already could pin on him, he just needed a few more items. This would be his last chance to bargain for his life. “One way or another we get what we want.” The brinkmanship continued by three days of silence. On the fourth day, Suliman asked for Koppelt.
********
Rebrov, having heard of the bold attempt that Xiang was spearheading, decided it would be a good time to inform Beijing of Finn’s accidental appearance, as they would be too focussed on the unfolding drama to object. The simple acknowledgement confirmed his prediction. In turn, it increased the demand from his crew to have their individual Symbiants. He agreed to put this to Mission Control after the rescue attempt and the completion of phase two forestation, which was going really well with Red, Pascal 2 and Finn working almost around the clock.
********
 Koppelt was confident now that Suliman was ready to confess. It therefore came as quite a surprise when he steadfastly opted for the completion. “Even if I was able to tell you what you want there is no way you could help me. If I am replicated my people will know I have no control over my eventual destiny, so there is no advantage to falsely implicating myself in something which would place me in danger.”
“Fair enough,” said Koppelt, “it won’t be too much longer before we can implement the replication. I guess it gives your controller a little extra time to search for you. Unless of course word reaches Lebanon that you have defected to us from the Circle of Restoration.” Suliman’s eyes widened at the mention of the cult. They knew more than they had told him. This did make a difference. He needed more time. 
********
The transfer rehearsals went well and it was time for the final sedation. There were last minute misgivings about going under and then waking to find they were still on death row. Everyone felt they might be able to help, they just did not know exactly how. Alex 2 reiterated that it was a complex procedure and Xiang did not think the extra pressure of a performing hero was helpful. It was a one-chance attempt, absolute focus was imperative. Of course they knew Xiang could not enforce this directive but he had also risked his life by coming this far, and they owed it to him to comply.
As Alex 2 had predicted, a final pirouette was needed. Xiang was arriving on the wrong side of Copernicus for the water case to be accessed in a direct sight line. Contemplation of taking it over the top of the pod was a ‘no-no’. Also trying to employ fancy braking and turning so close to Copernicus could cause a collision. Both vessels were at rest and the distance was within the length of the umbilical. The very gentle turn was achieved in several minute steps until the optimum attitude was achieved. Both Symbiants were in the open airlock. One end of the cord was attached to the airlock floor. The other was given to Trois. He was to use the thrusters to attempt a straight line connection. However it was felt prudent to restrict the length of cord let out, in order to maintain a taut line the whole time. The silent communication between the two was helpful in alternating thrust and available cord. The procedure seemed to take an eternity amongst Xiang’s already busy mental traffic. Trois at last passed the cord through the water case grip and a loop in the pod floor and headed back from whence he came. This was just as slow as the outgoing leg. The water case had a locking clip which was to secure it on the cord. Xiang then had to clip himself in the same way. It was made a little easier by the lack of gravity. Shuffling his way along the cord was more strenuous than he expected. It was however the only stage of the operation where it really hit him – he was the most ludicrous delivery man in history. The backdrop of Earth broke the spell and he shunted the case into the waiting hands of Alex 2. Once he was aboard himself, his thoughts strayed to the non-human life forms. They were not emotional about the situation; they merely acknowledged his safe arrival. Not a single ‘yee-hah’. He was quite underwhelmed. So much so that he temporarily forgot the tie had to be severed to release the pod. Trois leapt up to usher him out of the way as Alex 2 untied the Copernicus end of the cord. The act of concern meant that nobody was controlling the rate at which the tether left the airlock. It all happened in a flash. The cord accelerated and caught Trois’ leg, upending him and spinning him out of the airlock with considerable momentum. Xiang was frenzied, completely incoherent, in demanding Alex 2 did something to correct his own stupidity in stepping over the tether while it was released. Alex 2 quickly computed the options; there were none. Trois was already out of sight, he was part of the vast blackness. How could they track him without compromising the new water supply? He would become a red crystal in a few days. It was difficult for Xiang to comprehend Alex 2’s detachment at his colleague’s ‘demise’. “He was in crystalline form for four billion years, another chance may arise.”
No amount of distress on the part of Xiang would ever trigger any culpability in the mind of Alex 2. Xiang’s problem was derived primarily from the incredible precision of the Symbiant’s handling of the project, compared to the naive distraction he had shown, believing the EVA danger had passed.
The airlock door was closed and the two of them entered the breathable zone. Out of his suit he still felt incredibly flat. Alex 2 said it would be a while before the crew were revived and it might be a good idea if he contacted Beijing. Xiang refused to do that until the crew were aware of the recent events. The Symbiant was now confused.

Chapter 43

Suliman couldn’t know that the information Koppelt had on the Circle of Restoration had come in the first instance from Alex Redgrave’s initial replicant, Alex 2. He had to guess if there was more and if so where it could have come from. What he did know was that if this Symbiant could unlock his brain and he was then dumped in the Middle East he was a dead man. It wouldn’t matter that he hadn’t actually willingly betrayed the cult himself; it would be a necessary execution. He had lived by and played by the rules. If he chose to tell all himself, he was still a dead man unless he could negotiate an absolute guarantee of protection, but his family would be butchered. If he could somehow give some information in exchange for televising the replication live, that might get enough public support in his homeland to achieve a window of time for the Confederation to bring down the cult. As he could not escape and there was no acceptable means of suicide, it was the only option. At first Koppelt didn’t want to know. Having thought it through more he believed he had nothing to lose, but he was not certain he would get the enforced replication past the human rights fanatics. He preferred a secret replication. On the other hand, being prepared to show the harmless procedure could be a counter-argument for replication in the long term. “Very well you have your wish depending on the value of what you are able to disclose now. Your first shot is your only shot, make it good.” 
********
As the drowsiness wore off it was replaced by extreme sadness. The loss was felt just as badly as it had been for Veltrano. Xiang cut a lonely figure until Magnusson punctuated the gloom. “Roberto, we fully understand and appreciate the risk you took in coming here. You must therefore accept that the risk had to be shared. We have to move on or your effort was for nothing. We will still grieve, as I’m sure Alex 2 will, in his own way. Let’s get Copernicus underway as I have something else to show you.”
Inertia switched to action and the burn was carefully implemented by Alex 2 and Banjani, to achieve maximum velocity relative to braking capability, for precise docking with the Space Elevator. They were fractionally under eleven days to arrival, illustrating the achievement of Xiang and the little pod.
Banjani marvelled at the detail which Alex 2 could access instantaneously while talking. He had sent the calculations to Beijing and only now received their confirmation that he was correct - not that he needed it as they were already settled on course. “We all think of you as our friends you know. Trois, Red, Pascal 2 and of course yourself, we have come through so much with your help. Do you understand our sadness?”
“Not completely; I am unable to totally experience some of the emotions I have observed. The information is there but I sense your reaction rather than feel it. I can feel the objectives of the Progenitors, which are designed into my architecture. I can only conclude that there is some explanation to be found in the haphazard data handling in an organic brain. Your culture has examples of animal species performing tasks they have not yet learned – you call it instinct. Maybe I will get the chance to research this more when we reach Earth. It challenges my prime rationale that the species is everything and the individual is expendable. I find this intriguing. Please remember that I am really saying the Continuance and not ‘me’.” 
As yet, Banjani did not know about Finn, but as she didn’t know Jussi Pykonnen, she would not have been able to feel quite the same bond as with the others. Xiang was shocked to see the partly decayed corpse of Alex Redgrave. When the full situation was explained to him there was no doubt in his mind, even though he was likely to lose his own position, that Koppelt would need this evidence of the sabotage plan. The USAr would have to explain the real name and origin of the body and wouldn’t be able to dismiss the DNA results. 
Supper that evening was the forum for celebrating their awakening and they could once again make their plans for the future. Xiang was the exception; his future was not in his hands. The crew pledged their support but knew the faceless ones would decide, and they would be focussed on his unilateral behaviour. He was philosophical about it. He was to be re-united with his family, rescuing his friends felt right and basically these were the only crucial issues for him. It was Carvalho who was thinking outside the consequences and turned to the opportunity. “You’ll be an absolute hero to most people. You’ll be in demand from all networks and you can probably write your own destiny and the cheques to go with it. The worst thing they can do is ask you to continue in your post.” This caused such sustained laughter that Alex 2’s wonder at these strange creatures clicked up to an all-time high.
The next morning Xiang was contacted by Beijing and was pleased to find that all of his team was assembled. The reception was very humbling. The TV people were there despite the hierarchy pressure to close ranks. They knew they had to allow it. Carvalho was right.
********
Suliman explained that the cult was founded to reinstate Islamic culture at the head of human endeavour. Its charter, which was only known to an elite group of senior members, was accompanied by a solid gold artefact bearing the five guiding principles of its inception. These inscriptions were formed into an elaborate circle, inside of which was the stylised head of Cyrus. He was the founder of the Persian Empire. It was argued that since the vision of this great man, through Darius, to the expansion of Muslim culture as far as the Iberian Peninsula, the Islamic world had become sterile in all but its religious zeal. Renewal of the position of literature, engineering, architecture and technology was crucial. It was to be accompanied by tolerance of diversity but also mediation of toxic policy adversely affecting the world and its people. Suliman said it was recognised that being there and getting there were two distinct morally divergent phases. The omelette and egg analogy was used. The USAr had to get there and quickly. Once there, the rollout of ideology would have most impact. The programmes carried out so far obviously followed on from the inauguration of the USAr. They were devised to check the rate of unsavoury developments by means other than terrorism towards other states. Martyrdom within the USAr was justified on a voluntary basis. The disclosure of any of this was punishable by death, as it was considered to be treason. The charter could not be openly revealed to the masses and therefore to the rest of the world simply because that would ensure failure. There is no rigid timescale, but as was already known, the cult had tried to slow down colonisation efforts. There was dual purpose here; they needed to be much more draconian in protecting our planet, and the USAr had to be a major player in the new world – Mars - when that became a society beyond the definition of a colony. Although he was one of the senior members, he could not reveal the others because of his holy vow. Breaking that trust was worse than accepting the ultimate sacrifice. He made no apology for the sabotage attempts of the Copernicus or Darwin missions, stressing that adverse publicity was the objective. He would not admit to any disruption to the return flights. He acknowledged that this new life form had made their position much more difficult.
Koppelt retired to consider this but he already felt that the politics were going to overshadow the security aspects. By now he knew of the returning corpse and could guess how it was to be manipulated. At least it gave him more ammunition for the public replication of Suliman.
********
By now there was little to do in the way of duties on Copernicus and Alex 2 had been granted the freedom of the database. He was able to join in more discussions, even speak French to Dupree. During some of the projections on how he would be received on Earth, he surprised the rest with his instant access to historical information. The crew felt he would hold his own to the point of raising a few eyebrows in various governments by challenging their entrenched doctrines.
Carvalho discussed his desire to be at the forefront of whatever the Symbiants were asked or allowed to do. Xiang said that he would see to it if he was retained himself. Carvalho had aspired all his life to his father’s dreams, and this was the very first time he had experienced a calling of his own. The journey back from Mars had provided more than enough time for the interest to fade. The reverse had happened and he now realised that these selfless entities were going to need protection from the darker side of human nature.
 Dupree had refined his plan a little since the loss of Trois. He had a personal supply of the amorphous form which he would take to Africa and utilise responsibly. The others would be parting company with the Symbiants, but would stay in touch.
********
The Beijing reception was a big event and Koppelt was uneasy because Suliman’s admissions were incomplete. His greatest immediate worry was the docking. There were many ways in which this could be compromised and just as many personnel involved with the space elevator from all over the planet who could be in on it. When he recounted the attempts to interfere with the two missions he did get a sense that Suliman’s claim of discrediting rather than harming was true. He presented his case for the replication without prior briefing of Rabinowitz. As he expected, it was torpedoed. When he revealed all about the Islamic agenda he was asked for the proof. He informed them that Alex 2 would provide that which involved Redgrave. The corpse and its identity would be verified by DNA and the crew. Both the crew and Alex 2 would confirm his death was suicide as originally planned. The information from Redgrave had eventually led to Suliman who had acknowledged the Dreadnought virus episode.
“We owe it to the civilised world to halt this agenda and this is the only way to achieve it quickly.” Rabinowitz had been quite surprised by how much Suliman had apparently surrendered to save his skin. When Koppelt had concluded the official presentation and finally got to his feet he dropped the request of the Iranian into the confusion. “Suliman has volunteered for this procedure, provided everyone in the world is allowed to monitor it from their home. He is not being forced to do this, and it is the only way to avoid interpretive propaganda. The succeeding interviews of the replicant will be in the presence of Suliman, once again for authenticity.”
Rabinowitz immediately grasped the significance that this would have for Israel and nodded in accord with Koppelt. Several hours later and without further campaigning from Koppelt the proposal was approved in principle, with the caveat that it was only activated following the decontamination and initial media exposure to Alex 2.

Chapter 44

The anticipation of this in the media had all but eclipsed focus on the returning crew. Xiang’s heroic intervention had restored a modicum of balance. The corpse would shift the epicentre, especially as it looked vaguely like Alex 2. It was not surprising then that the biggest event in human history was being embroidered into a soap opera.
********
From the perspective of the Circle of Restoration, this was particularly unhelpful. Their interventions had been consigned to the recycling bin. The progress on Mars, with the aid of these replicants had filled people with hope. They were temporarily wrong-footed with the abduction of Suliman and the attendant risk of exposure. On top of this, the revelation that we are not alone was corroding the cement of religious faith. Even though this was more contagious in other faiths, there were rumblings within Islamic communities. The relentless hype of counting the days to docking fanned the flames. 
There had been an elaborate plan to jam the docking arms and force the crew to be evacuated one at a time by pods. Suliman had lied to Koppelt, but by being out of the loop, the command chain was broken. This was the price of anonymity. It would not happen. They would appreciate this later when the corpse and Alex 2 cast a shadow in their direction. It would also inhibit their long term plans for Israel.
********
Events on Mars had slipped out of the headlines on Earth, but the Darwin crew were experiencing the opposite. With Red, Pascal 2 and Finn taking care of the hard work, the crew were glued to all incoming reports. Rebrov sensed that this was a pivotal moment. Once the media had hijacked the entire story there would be public scrutiny of everything Martian. The forestation phase two was heading to finalisation and the prospect of a huge dome was extremely advantageous in scaling up future colonisation. Not only would more Symbiants achieve this in a much shorter time, but it also provoked the question of whether they could be left to run the colonisation project after Darwin’s departure. Extrapolating this logic could mean an earlier return of Darwin than originally planned. The lowering of risk and cost of this was seductive to the bean counters on Earth. He informed the crew that he was ready to test their request for further replications with HQ. The response from Beijing was cagey, yet promising. They would respond to the interesting proposal when the Symbiant aboard Copernicus had been checked out. 
********
The docking was about as smooth as Alex 2’s predictions. The crew temporarily parted from the Symbiant for decontamination. Alex 2 had a squad of medical experts to contend with. There had been the inevitable scepticism brewing about the claims made by the crew and Dupree in particular. This evaporated quickly and was replaced by head-scratching when their instruments were telling them – ‘this cannot be’. In turn, the cardiologists, neurologists and geneticists drew blanks and agreed that this was indeed a non-human entity.
“What is it exactly that confuses you? There have been many discussions with Mr. Cameron here, and the results you have just obtained are simply verification of those dialogues.”
There was no challenge; they had subconsciously hung on to the possibility that it was all a hoax. They turned their attention to determination of any risk to human biochemistry. Once more they came up with nothing. Cameron was the first to remove his Hazmat suit. “It is a great pleasure to meet you at last, Alex 2 - I am to be your contact for the duration of the quarantine period.”
Cameron was rebuked by the medical team for prematurely risking contamination and was promptly informed that he would have to stay in the unit with the Symbiant. Cameron feigned anger at the pronouncement and sent for some suitable attire and his recorder. He was not going to miss out on the chance to have an exclusive interview with the first alien species known to have visited Earth.
“You are forgetting that there have been red crystals on your planet for billions of years, you just have not found them.” This statement alone would spawn efforts to find them and any resulting success would kick-start an industry which would dwarf those of cocaine and heroin. Cameron responsibly annexed Alex 2’s declaration but knew it would emerge again.
Over the next days Cameron had the privilege of detailed hints on how human understanding of the ‘borders’ they had created between Chemistry, Physics and Mathematics were unhelpful. The unifying principles suggested by the Symbiant would be necessary if mankind was to meet the challenges of the millennia ahead.
Cameron was cognizant of the minefield of patent law and Nobel honours which would be impinged by this. He didn’t know how humanity would deal with an epidemic of paradigm shifts in quick succession. Nor did he believe human infrastructure would do anything other than complicate matters. What a dilemma. When he brought this to Alex 2’s attention, the response was philosophical. “That is for your species to contemplate. I am sure your concerns are valid - your leaders will have to accept they may no longer be the most suitable to oversee these developments. The alternative is to suppress the opportunity and eradicate my species so that you may continue to delude yourselves. I am sure if I am allowed to address some of these issues there will be many who feel they have much to lose by my presence.”
Cameron swallowed and took a deep breath. It had suddenly dawned on him that this was just the tip of the iceberg. Also, there would be mandarins who already knew this. The entire system of governing by a minority deciding what is good for the majority was under threat. This was not some uprising of the disenfranchised; it was potentially the collapse of modern politics. It could be more significant than the change from nomadic to agricultural civilisation. His persona had morphed from the beautiful understanding of a concept to the uncontrollable fear of Armageddon. He had to get to Xiang and Koppelt.
Xiang would not be available until quarantine was over. He wanted to speak to him first as Koppelt could be part of the problem. Delaying the media interview of Alex 2 was not an option - the world was waiting. The best they could hope for was input into what he might say.
The corpse was well disguised and remained frozen as were the museum of rocks, crystals and soil. They were to undergo their own quarantine period and retrieved only by the crew to be moved to a specific secure location.
The media village made the Olympic gatherings look like a convention for insurance salesmen. Only remote societies not yet absorbed into taxation based ‘altruism’ were absent. Beijing was choked as far as transportation was concerned and accommodation was both short in supply and horrendously expensive. The USAr TV and Press were not as reticent as their masters to discuss Islamic perspective on the events about to unfold. They were particularly interested in the new life form’s concept of religion or the absence of it. 
********
The Copernicus crew left the grey, sterile quarantine unit to meet up with Alex 2, who had been decked out in Beijing uniform normally reserved for seniority. Magnusson promptly convinced him to shed this and dress neutrally. While disrobing he was interrupted by Cameron and Xiang. They asked if his overriding allegiance to the Progenitors allowed for tactical departure from the master plan. They explained that there would be groups of people in high-ranking positions ready to vilify his wish to help humanity and turn it to an agenda of domination. Alex 2 said he had already taken this into account and it was simply part of what would ultimately be considered as unpromising. His point was simply amplified by a question. “Do you believe you are the first species in billions of years with whom we have interacted? Some have gone further, others have degenerated. Your species demonstrated high promise when isolated on Mars. Here there is decay of such promise. If I were to appease your concern by tempering my response to your society I would help sustain that decay. That is no better than the risk of my species being temporarily eradicated; temporary being a few million years. You must trust my experience on this.”
This did not allay the fears of Xiang and Cameron. His was a detached view, whereas they were part of the species.

Chapter 45

The hubbub gradually died down. The restored mediaeval Congressional Palace seemed to be assaulted by the flashing technology it had ingested. Eyal Rabinowitz opened the proceedings by welcoming Alex 2 on behalf of the awaiting billions of humans watching on TV. He referred to the obvious impact his presence had on all humanity and rattled off the appropriate platitudes for such an occasion, and finally asked if he was comfortable in taking questions from the world’s journalists.
A Chinese correspondent was first to speak. He said he would ask his question in English then in his native tongue for the benefit of his nation. Before he managed to deliver the query, Alex 2 rose to his feet and said it might be more efficient if he gave a short statement of his own, to provide a background for all to hear, before individual countries addressed their particular interest. He astonished the entire audience worldwide by repeating this suggestion in all major languages of the planet. He had accomplished this learning exercise with the help of Cameron and the internet, during the sleeping quarantine hours of the humans. He moved quickly through the last four billion years to the current scenario.
“What you must grasp is the importance of this moment for your species. Of course the sectarian questions can be considered, but that will only retard the essential progress toward your survival in the longer term. I would like to challenge your individual pursuit of advantage by asking you three questions. 
“Firstly, can you see that as long as a consumer-driven existence prevails, you will not be able to achieve the goals you have set yourselves? Colonisation of another planet will only delay the inevitable, if fundamental changes are not made. 
“Secondly, are you aware of your dependence on organic metabolism being fatally flawed in prolonging your existence beyond the Nova of your Sun? You must learn to embrace the opportunity of hybrid, then predominantly inorganic structure.
“Thirdly, do you fully realise that your fortuitous discovery of my species gives you an important choice in relation to questions one and two? You have a one-off chance to ‘buy a piece of time’. This can only occur with a sentient species.
“Finally I would like to turn your attention to a man of your past who identified a very profound relationship between an entity and its environment. Charles Darwin was able to connect these forces long before the proof offered by genetics and DNA. He could not be expected to foresee the crossroads which now confronts your species. Until now all species have been driven by a need to adapt to the environment via genetic gambling, relative to environment shifts. Technology is presenting you with a conscious decision of adaptation to known future changes. You have already begun to adapt an environment to your needs on Mars to bridge the gap. 
“I have had the privilege of listening to repeated statements from those who govern you that you must preserve the planet for your grandchildren. If this is genuine and you really want to ensure that inheritance, you must address the questions I have placed in front of you. I am now prepared for your individual questions.”
This succinct, provocative projection stunned the journalists because of the implied scope. It worried the rulers for the same reason. The religious fraternity saw it as a wonderful opportunity to play the ‘shocking manipulation of God’s design’ card. The conspiracy theorists had warned of this agenda all along, supplanting with consent. In answering the last two groups he also answered the questions not asked by the first two.
“I understand that God is very important to many of you. My presence, in a way challenges the claims of such beliefs, but I have no intention of directly interfering with any aspect of your culture, religious or otherwise. I can respond to requests, but there is a limit to that. I cannot lead or drive ideas. I have merely pointed out an alternative theory to those you hold as proven or probable. That is a valid discussion, the kind you have amongst yourselves. Turning to the alien takeover concerns, you can end that in an instant. Just disregard everything I have said and incarcerate me or trigger reversion to my ‘harmless’ form. I will resist neither. It is a big decision. You have the means of correcting such a choice if later you believe I have given an accurate account of what you are facing. One such realisation may arise from your own studies. 
“The most illustrative example is the ant colony. Evolution has conferred the characteristic of every individual sacrificing themselves for the colony. Their limitations are intelligence and physical design. You have the benefits they lack, but not the sacrificial instinct. In fact your obsession with individual human rights is a very dangerous development. A more sinister example for you is the proliferation of viruses. Your development of treatments with a temporary useful life will be defeated by their adaptability. In combating viruses you may reconsider altering yourselves even though it crosses some moral threshold. I hope you are beginning to see that these decisions are yours.”
This session was not one of resolution; the most ambitious hope was introspection. It lasted for several hours. A couple of the Copernicus crew - the usual ones - were moved to emotions of intense pride by the way Alex 2, their true friend, was confronting humanity, in its own diverse languages, with its own pernicious apathy to obvious inadequacy.
With an overnight break, the media and hierarchy had time to regroup and came to the session with a modified approach. When the corpse was wheeled on to join Alex 2 and the crew, there was shock and then frenzy. Despite the best attempts to restore order it ultimately required the removal of the body and a statement that it would only reappear if the audience behaved in an acceptable manner. This took fifteen minutes and required regrouping of security personnel. Finally Koppelt walked on and took centre stage.
He introduced himself then pointed to the body. “You all know this man as Alex Redgrave, the original human from whom Alex 2 was replicated. That was however not his real name. He had several aliases – but his real name was Tariq Sunai Behrami. He was born in Cairo. His entry to the mission was based on false documentation. We discovered during the mission that he was a saboteur.” There was silence during the description of the various plans which had been thwarted, culminating in his suicide, made to look like murder. The audience could see for themselves the near identical appearance of Alex 2 and the corpse. A question broke the silence. A Romanian journalist asked how they knew that it was suicide. Alex 2 explained that the knowledge he had originally drawn from the replication included the suicide pact. When confronted Redgrave had admitted the plan and convinced the crew he had changed his mind in view of the discovery. He said he intended to remain on Mars. The corpse was replicated before the knowledge degraded. That replicant, or as the crew now prefer Symbiant, was still on Mars. He was called Red. He was able to explain that Redgrave had never intended to abandon his pact.
Koppelt resumed. “We know details of residence and bank accounts associated with his deception.” He did not disclose any further data which might convince the Circle of Restoration their cover had been compromised. “We believe the organisation to which he was recruited is likely to be in the Middle East.”
The questions flooded to the crew as the journalists in particular felt that Security people only tell what they want you to hear. In their turn, each member of the crew corroborated the evidence on Redgrave while sketching in the remarkable cooperation with the new life form, including life-saving acts. 
The session closed with Xiang announcing that there would be a special event the following day. The hierarchy shifted in their seats in recognition of the tumult it would cause. Priority however dictated the exposure of the cult responsible for the sabotage, and this worldwide theatre was very much a uniquely propaganda-free forum.
 Suliman was sat dramatically in the centre of a circular audience, wearing a hood. Koppelt informed the watching billions that the extracted information from Tariq Sunai Behrami (Redgrave) had led them to Nigeria, from where the trail had been followed to various places before they had found the hooded man. “I said yesterday we believed the sabotage had originated in the Middle East. That has proved to be correct. In order to obtain precise detail of the organisation and people responsible for these outrages we will replicate this individual. This way we can be absolutely certain of the truth.” His omission of the voluntary action of Suliman left the impression that he had refused to help Koppelt. The highly charged atmosphere kicked up a notch when Alex 2 produced a secure container of the amorphous form. The transfer was made before the hood was removed. This time it was delivered as a high dosage directly into the bloodstream to accelerate the process. No name was given but certain people would experience a sharp rise in blood pressure.
Alex 2 outlined what everyone could expect to see in the next two hours. There was no need for alarm or concern for the individual involved. As the replication was progressing, Koppelt filled in the names of all of the people involved in the tortuous investigation leading to this man. “His name is Suliman Ali; he was totally uncooperative, forcing us into this technique, and I’m sure you will appreciate that we had to flush out those responsible for trying to derail what we believed to be an accord from all humanity to alleviate the world’s environmental problems.”
If this had simply been a speech it would have already been challenged or barracked. The ongoing drama in the form of a large swelling on Suliman’s temple ensured the voyeuristic element accommodated the commentary. Koppelt managed to finish his indictment of the USAr just as Suliman’s completion was at the stage of a clear humanoid outline to the swelling. The security people had to break up rival camera crews jockeying for the prime filming angles. When the bridge narrowed to a cord Suliman’s eyes opened once more and there was a palpable relief amongst the hierarchy. Following the final separation, the arena seemed to hold its breath waiting for some utterance from the replicant. The first unsteady words were in Arabic, igniting cheers from camera crews of the Middle East. Alex 2 intervened via his silent communication and within a few minutes the new arrival greeted the gathering in English, then Arabic. Although Suliman was a little groggy he could not be persuaded to lay back and rest. He addressed the replicant directly in his mother tongue, asking him questions to which he should not know the answers. When the replies were given in amazingly accurate detail, Suliman fainted with the realisation that his twin was going to furnish information which would seriously damage the cult, and the USAr. Before any concern that he had suffered a physical trauma could spread, he was administered a stimulant. The interview could begin.
Koppelt was cautious. He fired questions at the replicant to which he already knew the answers, thus avoiding an embarrassing anti-climax. When he carefully moved to the identification of senior members of the Circle, the replicant did not hesitate to reel off three names. Suliman was utterly disconsolate. These people were not in front line government, yet they had leverage on those who were. They were reclusive, obscenely rich individuals who had financed the campaigns of the elected politicians. Koppelt called upon the USAr to publicly denounce these people and condemn the acts of sabotage upon the colonisation project.
Alex 2 asked if he may say something. Nervously Koppelt gave him the floor. Alex 2 asked the new replicant if all three men were Iranian. This was affirmed. He then went on to say something which many of the on-looking dignitaries found exceptionally naive and inflammatory. Instructions were passed to get him off the podium. This however almost caused a riot. The audience in general had come to appreciate his refreshing neutrality. He continued.
“I would like to repeat that there is a lack of trust between many factions of your species. I can see the sabotage was very unhelpful to humanity’s cause and is ‘wrong’ by the definitions of the majority. However, as the mission was really founded to deliver you from excesses in plundering the planet’s resources, you may wish to consider that as correcting a wrong. If I have understood your history correctly, there was a period leading up to the financial crisis of 2008 where irresponsibility was not only tolerated, it was rewarded. Is this not sabotage? It depends surely on your vantage point. Your world realised, rather tardily, that the complication inherited from the replacement of the barter system by promissory notes disguised the flaw – the money did not exist – at least in the time frame required to ease the crisis. A valid question could be levelled at the architects of the system. What happens if you want to abandon the practice and return to barter? That could have been done until the industrial and financial revolutions. It is relatively easy for the beneficiaries of those revolutions and subsequent colonisations to argue it was no longer possible. That is only true if you are inextricably bound to capitalist commercialisation. 
 “The later refinement, to which I referred two days ago, was the elevation of the consumer to the pinnacle of the pyramid, even if they had to be brainwashed into such ‘self-esteem’. It is a seductive prospect because it gives individuals hope. The price of the philosophy, unlike the coveted goods, is only now being realised. The USAr is one of the few states which has considerable material wealth yet clings more to fundamental aspects of life than the other wealthy countries. I am suggesting, no more, that it will be detrimental to the longevity of the species if such states are not part of the solution. It would be ridiculously inaccurate to claim that, in the many conflicts of human against human, much more brutal acts of sabotage were justifiable.
“A line has to be drawn somewhere to galvanise your best efforts, not the dilute variety upon which you have planned the conquest of your solar system. They are noble only in terms of rhetoric while maintaining the status quo of the pecking order. What I have said thus far is only my outsider’s interpretation of your chances of success. What I am able to say for certain is that there are forces out there which you will need to harness, if your species is truly looking beyond your own limited horizon. If this is not a goal you need not pay any more attention to me; you can relax and bask in the inevitable glorious failure of your distant grandchildren, knowing you helped map their destiny. I believe I have contributed all that I can to this playground squabble.”

Chapter 46

There was an uneasy atmosphere in the arena. Suliman, by contrast, was uplifted by the declaration. He had a strong urge to have a private conversation with his replicant counterpart, but he knew that would be impossible right now.
As the crowd was dispersing, the hierarchy quickly convened a meeting with Xiang, Koppelt and Alex 2. The Symbiant for the first time hedged over a human request. “Unless you are going to include representatives of all nations I see little point in deflecting the concerns you will confront me with. They are likely to be more steeped than ever in manipulation of separate interests.”
Rabinowitz tried to convince Alex 2 that there were undercurrents of anarchy and corruption behind every tree, and he did not understand the full extent of the danger facing the authorities.
“I am differentiating between real setbacks and perceived ones. I think that it will be more difficult for you to convince me that each family having three cars is a necessity. A television in every room, at least three holidays per year because you worked hard for them. These are the kind of things you seek to protect until there is an alternative. You have programmes to address those excesses which shorten the fuse to mass death, but I must conclude your definitions of necessity and wish lists are not credible. You are ‘managing’ the situation to support your delusion. Food, domestic energy, science (medical and technology) and education would appear to be fundamental. A meritocracy would supply these as efficiently as a consumer society. You never discuss this. Many species, not endowed with your potential, have achieved this. Having the technology to deal with an asteroid impact big enough to cause mass extinction would appear to be a candidate for cooperative investment. Instead, you sponsor competing research at multiple locations. I hope you can see that my input is wasted in an organisation only purporting to be cooperative. I am always available for a unified approach.”
This rebuff was not well received by those it addressed. Carvalho, however, was fired up. He asked Alex 2 if the ‘forces out there’ he had referred to included propulsion technology. When he was told that major breakthrough was possible, he decided that he would not wait for Xiang to recommend him to new research. Alex 2 agreed to assist his replication. 
Relations were becoming strained. The hierarchy was dealing with various conflicting strands. They were experiencing slippage of control. Koppelt was in one camp, Xiang in another. The replicants had become a threat because they didn’t understand the consequences of unravelling society. Their views of what might be in the millennia ahead were just ideology, without the hands-on detail to achieve it. Xiang had already shown unilateral judgement. They chose the defensive route. It was predictable. Plans were discussed to terminate the replicants. It would have to be done in an honourable fashion. Alex 2 had said he would not resist regression to crystal form if that was deemed necessary. All stocks of the crystal and amorphous forms were to be held in maximum security vaults. This would be sold as ‘mothballing the wisdom until humanity had developed the cohesion to utilise it’. What they had not counted on was Dupree’s cache and Carvalho’s double. They knew they had to deal with the situation on Mars and that Darwin’s crew would have seen transmissions of the past days. 
When Xiang was informed of his gardening leave, the ripples began to gather pace. He confided in Magnusson and asked him to brief the crew and, through them, Alex 2, as he was being watched. He also requested certain people in the media should be alerted to the possibility of a disinformation campaign. The crew felt that their pioneering mission had been indelibly tarnished by such sleaze. They had already detected signs that they were to be separated and knew they would be under continual surveillance. 
Magnusson duly informed Alex 2 and was frustrated at the calmness with which he accepted his planned regression. “Maybe your species will come together in the future and the Continuance will have another chance to help.”
“But you could resist this action, I’m sure you have many abilities that you have not yet demonstrated. We can help you.” Alex 2 looked at Magnusson and the Swede was sure he could detect sadness in his voice. “My data, or as you call it memory, will not be lost. It is not the way of the Continuance to resist the actions of your species. Illustrating what alternatives exist is the purpose. I have done that. It may not seem so at this time, but that in itself is progress.”
Magnusson told him that it was a two way relationship, and that the people who really knew him would surely have passed on by the time humanity was ready to re-engage with the Continuance. This was unacceptable to them.
“The emotion is no different to losing one of your family members because of expiration of their biological system.” 
“No,” said Magnusson, “this is different. The emotion of the event is similar but the premeditation is what will anger most human beings. They may not embrace your encouragement to deliberately begin mutation from organic to ‘artificial’ intelligence for some time, but they can see past the scaremongering of the establishment. You have more support than you know, my friend. If you won’t help yourself then we’ll have to do it for you.”
Having regained his status, Koppelt set about tracking down the Iranians identified by Suliman’s replicant. Real objectivity is very different from its delusional counterpart. Rabinowitz was a perfect example. Being seen to be even-handed was more important than actually fulfilling the criteria. His inherited powers of deduction convinced him that these replicants were going to be perceived by the majority as neutral when they were clearly pro-USAr. Well, at least what they said would seem to align their doctrine to Islamic agenda. The Arabs and Iranians would make mileage out of that possibility. This must then, by deduction, threaten Israel. Any objective person would see that this had to be prevented. Only the method had to be ratified and abuse of power would smooth that path. Although Rabinowitz had strenuously declined Koppelt’s previous plea to assist in Iran, it was now his duty. He would get back to Karl.
When Rebrov was informed by Magnusson of the sub-plot he authorised those who had volunteered for replication to go ahead. 
The various leaks to the media made it difficult for the hierarchy to implement their own ruling, as they faced the same kind of social meltdown which they accused Alex 2 of fostering. This period of stagnation had to be seized to get the Symbiant out of Beijing. Carvalho’s twin, who he had decided to name Dan, was asked to visit Alex 2 masquerading as the original Carvalho. Subsequent instruction was to tear down the confining door and simply brush aside any attempt to restrain their exit. The conversation between them was of course the silent type.
The directive from the hierarchy in the event of any such breakout was to employ any or all means of force to prevent it. The use of bullets and lachrymatory gas to quell the escape only served to strike fear into the guards charged with the task. If Alex 2 could walk through such deterrents unaffected, what the hell could he do if he retaliated instead of protecting Carvalho? 
Outside the building was an unmarked car to take them to an open suburban industrial site designated for factory construction. A circling helicopter would follow them and collect them.
All but one of the crew had agreed to apparently pursue their original plans. Dupree had set off for the Sudan. Indira and Natalia were already airborne to San Francisco. Carvalho headed for his native Portugal. Magnusson was to accompany the two escapees to Iran. The transfer from the helicopter to an Iranian merchant ship had been hurriedly arranged through information from Suliman’s replicant. The Iranian decision makers felt they had nothing to lose by such a reciprocal ‘hostage’ situation. The scenario had mutuality as Magnusson felt there was no safer place than the USAr. The hierarchy was not connected there. 
The others had divided up Dupree’s stock of amorphous form to spread any risk of detection. Xiang was acting out the part of a forlorn, deposed leader and ‘retired’ to his wife’s birthplace in Italy. There would be the usual surveillance for a while.
Magnusson’s party was met at the docks in the early hours after sailing its planned route to Abu Dhabi via Beirut. Waiting transport took them on a circuitous overland route, to a humble dwelling in the suburbs of Shiraz. The reception committee was obviously cautious, as it resembled a scene from the run up to the St. Valentine’s Day massacre. However, this was gradually dissipated and replaced by an equally cautious pre-dinner interrogation team. The medical expertise came next and finally the representatives of the names extracted from Suliman’s cerebrum.
Dinner was welcomed by Magnusson as the only human guest. No names were offered by the Iranian delegation. They recognised both Magnusson and Alex 2 from the Beijing TV coverage and accepted the replicant of Carvalho as part of the great escape.

Chapter 47

Beijing was in turmoil. They had felt it was a good thing to see the crew broken up and did not interfere with their separate departures. They now thought they knew their problem was distilled down to Magnusson, Carvalho and Alex 2. Somehow in the maelstrom of the breakout, nobody had suspected that Dan was a replicant. Koppelt’s intelligence foray into Iran was subordinated to finding the renegades.
********
When the additional replications on Mars were completed, Rebrov requested permission from Beijing for an early return. The justification was glaringly obvious – these Symbiants would progress the terraforming of Mars infinitely quicker and they could bring the new samples from the chasm much sooner. This was another dilemma for the hierarchy but at least they were not importing any more replicants. Permission was eventually granted as they felt this separation of humans and replicants bought time – if they could recapture Alex 2.
 The ability of Alex 2 to introduce them in their own language had a settling effect. The representatives thanked him for his support at the Beijing media conference. He responded. “Please do not consider my remarks as favourable consideration. I needed to promote balance in peoples’ minds. History is littered with conflict and everyone apparently has God on their side. God must be confused. I wanted to get unanimity on this watershed of human realisation that you are not alone, to be a fresh start for tackling some of the problems and spearheading relevant technology. In this respect I tried to convey that your model of progress has more to recommend it than most of the empowered nations.”
There was a brief consultation between the representatives and the spokesman said, “I believe we have a starting point to work with you. We will communicate this to our leader and discuss ways to identify practical initiatives to put before the world. This global conference concept is powerful in reaching as many people as possible at the same time. If the media interest is maintained then we have the mechanics.”
He then addressed Magnusson. “Commander, I am guessing you will be the one in sleep deficit. We will furnish you with accommodation and your two friends can watch over you. We would like to meet again in the morning.” Magnusson indicated his appreciation and got up to follow them. The spokesman smiled and added, “We will of course have to decide what to do about both Sulimans. Your recommendation would be valuable.” The representatives were actually a bridge between front line government officials and Mr. Big. 
The media were tiring of the hierarchy’s paper-shuffling on the whereabouts of Alex 2. It seemed the world’s population was fascinated with him, having witnessed Suliman’s live replication. Some of the members of the executive were actually beginning to regret the knee-jerk reaction to have Alex 2 recrystallised. They were beleaguered by internal division. Koppelt added to the headaches when he reported rather belatedly that Carvalho had actually flown to Portugal before he helped Alex 2 break out. Either that was pretty clever or one of them was a replicant. “Wonderful,” said Rabinowitz, “we stand to lose public sympathy if we are proven to harass one of the heroes in his native land, and we have no idea where the other one is.”
That was about to change. The reconvened meeting with Magnusson and the representatives had agreed to attract selected media for a joint presentation of ideas to address the valid concerns which Alex 2 had expressed in Beijing. It was perceived as a joint response from the USAr to the alleged sabotage, so the appearance of the Commander and two Symbiants would inject spice. Koppelt’s efforts to trace the trio were drawing blanks in every direction. 
********
With Darwin on the way back, Rebrov muddied the water by disclosing the final tally of completions on Mars. All but one of the crew had undergone double replications, including himself, meaning there were twelve new Symbiants blasting ahead with the colonisation objectives. They had been left the nuclear power units from both missions. The distance between the two planets would increase rapidly soon and Rebrov had gleaned ideas on propulsion technology which he wanted to share with Carvalho as soon as possible after his return. This was important in rendering the orbit-dominated mission timing redundant. The acceleration of new mission planning hinged on this.
********
The hierarchy was already so divided that this produced the need for an emergency meeting; it was scheduled for the next day. 
It never took place. The unexpected appearance of the fugitives on multiple world channels was embarrassing but the content fashioned the final straw.
Magnusson was introduced to explain that he was the one who felt it necessary to intervene and take Alex 2 from custody. He emphasised once again that the Symbiant declined resistance to his elimination. He then confessed it saddened him to have to dishonour a chain of command, but felt the world would understand this was a pivotal moment in human history. It was too important to be left in the hands of a small group of people who were more afraid of the difficulties than they were excited about the opportunities. His own code of conduct was less important than what happens next. He made it clear that the USAr had nothing to do with the breakout but had kindly accommodated their plight. They had also acted in the interests of greater involvement of all people in the difficult decisions ahead.
The media were invited to ask questions. Alex 2 delivered his normal calm and convincing replies without dodging the real changes which would have to be debated. Both conservation issues and human adaptability would ultimately impose timescales, whereby even if the right decisions were made they could be too late to avoid extinction. He introduced Dan, explaining that he had followed the wishes of Magnusson to execute the escape. Dan was merely complying with a request. However, prior to this he had exchanged ideas with Daniel Carvalho on developing new propulsion techniques to drastically reduce time and cost of what could become a Mars shuttle. Dan outlined in layman’s terms the advantages compared to current technology.
The USAr input was given by recognised government officials and concentrated on harmonisation of objectives. They appreciated the chance to work with Alex 2 and Dan. It didn’t matter who understood these technical principles as long as they were not lost to mankind. They urged a reconsideration of how to structure the necessary changes to oversee the programmes which would be acceptable to pursue. They requested, on Magnusson’s advice, to have Suliman repatriated, and as a gesture of trust, his replicant would be available to the rest of the world as confirmation they had nothing to hide.
Rabinowitz resigned with immediate effect and there was a clamour for more heads to roll. This duly occurred and a more transparent process of electing a steering executive was forged. It was not only to include countries of modest wealth and infrastructure but experts on the technical side. The intention was to pull away from a political overlay. One of the very first topics for the new body was to legislate on the status of the new life forms; they had really been the catalyst for the shift in thinking, which got humanity beginning to break down obstacles to trust. 
By the time Darwin had docked, Indira and Natalia had found their ideal property and both had started new careers. Natalia’s new business venture was already flourishing and Indira had been persuaded to become an actress. She had been a frequent guest on TV shows and demonstrated a presence which was marketed ruthlessly. She knew she would tire of the tinsel-town existence but for now it was good. Natalia had eventually revealed her feelings and although not shocked, Indira said she had never considered that side to their relationship. She hoped it was not dependent on such an experiment being successful. Natalia finally felt at ease with herself, and said, “If it doesn’t work for you we have the means of replicating you - just joking.”
Dupree had replicated in case he fell-foul of African politics. They had made a big difference to a small community and it was truly what he wanted to do.
Carvalho had persuaded Dan to join him and the study of propulsion was yielding major alternatives to be pilot tested. Rebrov would contribute to this.
Magnusson had eventually rejoined his family and felt safe enough to follow his desire for a remote retreat and watch his children grow up.
Xiang had been elected to what was now called the Council for Human Exploration. Its purpose was to straddle the challenges of nurturing Earth back to health, and seeding other worlds with life forms who promote the same respect for those corners of the cosmos.
Alex 2 had not only been elected but bestowed with the position of Symbolic Leader. The accolade was based on his neutrality and the prospect that he would still be there in the millennia ahead, giving continuity, and relating the history first hand. This pivotal point would be confirmed and enshrined as ‘A Darwinian Extension – a conscious adaptation of the species’.
This was suggestive of there ultimately being more than one. As with most ideologies, the problems arise when they are put into practice. Alex 2 would undergo a sharp learning curve in this respect. The conservation part would be tricky but nothing in comparison to the resurgence of concern over gradually replacing our ‘humanity’ by inorganic components. The replacement of a heart to save life would be different to replacement of a brain just for technical advantage. The religious and conspiracy groups would throw in the question of the redundancy of procreation as we know it.
This was also against the backdrop of the future analysis of Redgrave’s beautiful aquamarine rocks. They contained answers to questions which had not yet been asked. Finally, big money had already been poured secretly into locating Earth deposits of Scarlet O’Hara.


Part Two: Transition

Chapter 1

Aquamarine crystals had been prised from West Candor Chasm on Mars at the same time as the red replicant ones - which had been dubbed Scarlet O’Hara. Samples had been retained on Mars, the rest were in Beijing. The entire Beijing inventory of Martian samples had been quarantined for some considerable time after the inception of the new order on Earth. However, before the resumption of their evaluation on Earth, the remaining replicants on Mars had not been so idle.
A total of fifteen replicants (or Symbiants), as they had been renamed, because of their benign nature, had continued the forestation programme of Valles Marineris. They had also built huge protective domes from designer plants – replicated with Scarlet O’Hara multiple times, until data plateaux resulted and the amorphous form reverted to an inert and highly protective crystalline shell. The plants inside the domes generated oxygen and through controlled mixing with carbon dioxide from the Martian atmosphere produced a breathable environment when humans entered.
These Symbiants were comprised of two from Copernicus crew and thirteen from Darwin. Pascal 2 was the first generation Symbiant from Pascal Dupree, the Medical Officer of Copernicus. He was directing operations merely because he had witnessed more of the short history with humans than the others, including Redgrave’s suicide. He had requested and received agreement to analyse the duplicate samples on Mars to those transported to Earth. There was no perceived risk to the Symbiants and the knowledge potential needed to be explored.
Most of the results were unremarkable but one observation stood out to Pascal 2 before the analyses began. All geological samples except one had been recovered from random deposits in the chasm. The Aquamarine crystals were prised from regular shaped lodes which were themselves distributed at regular intervals at only one side of the chasm. Initial instrumental data did not indicate unknown elements or bonding patterns but extraction with lasers showed the material to be luminescent. This was new insofar as the extraction by humans had relied on a drillbot remotely operated deep down in the chasm, which was circa 5 miles deep, and hence the camera had not picked up this characteristic. The Symbiants had descended into the chasm and observed the glow in close up.
Red was the second Symbiant of Alex Redgrave (Alex 2 being the first) and as such had assimilated his data core. Redgrave, being responsible for geological analysis had already outlined the main constituents of these crystals before his death, but Pascal 2’s recent observation caused Red to investigate further. In trawling the databases he noted a similarity in composition with a synthesised Earth product. Polycyclodiborazane had been formed by organometallic polycondensation in the first decade of the 21st century and although it was a brown powder it was luminescent with incident energy at 414 nanometres wavelength. This caused Red to use the tuneable cutting laser to other wavelengths than the original setting, and the effect on the Aquamarine crystal mother lode was significant in his view but mind-blowing to Earth scientists.
As he approached 633 nanometres wavelength the glow was very strong in general but there were flecks throughout the crystal which appeared unresponsive. It was a few minutes before Red realised that there was uniformity in these flecks, both in distribution and shape. There was a distinct order to the layout, so he checked the next mother lode and the next and found exactly the same picture. He also noted that this occurred wherever he focused the laser on the crystal surface, indicating some kind of circuitry. Red discussed this with Pascal 2 and they agreed that this was not a naturally occurring phenomenon. Even with their massive ‘computing’ power they initially found it difficult to make much sense of the ‘symbols’. However the breakthrough came from something which seemed rather obvious once discovered. The regular shape of each mother lode was that of a parabola. The ‘symbols’ turned out to be values from a specific parabolic curve.
The crystal itself was layered and considerable magnification revealed alternate layers of thick blue-green material separated by ultra-thin colourless deposit. Isolation of the two enabled Red to subject each to the laser at 633 nanometres. The blue-green crystalline layer glowed brightly and the light generated was perfectly matched to the hue of the crystal’s natural colour. The thin colourless layer was unaffected except for the discrete areas of the symbols which darkened when the laser was applied.
The mother lodes were giant visual display units. Red contacted Xiang in Beijing and requested him to date his samples as the Martian lab equipment did not include this facility as yet. Red confirmed that he would pursue decoding this new ‘language.’
This discovery added considerable momentum to the burgeoning disquiet on Earth. It also occurred to the Symbiants in both locations that in the billions of years the Continuance had been on Mars there was no reference data to explain any of this. When the age of components of the crystals was determined at around 3.2 billion years it did not really help confirm the growing belief that the authors of the symbols must be relatively recent. However Red had made a breakthrough. The symbols each had an ‘x’ and ‘y’ value from the parabola and therefore unlike most Earth languages had a limitless ‘alphabet.’ It could be argued that Terran pictographs provided a form of open ended expansion capability. Red had observed that the values within the 10% closest to the null point (where x and y had the same value of zero) were symbols used for referencing or as headers. The remaining 90% of values contained dialogue or subject matter.
This particular parabola had only plus values for x, but both plus and minus for y. There was also frequent use of reciprocals together, such as, x = 1.7 y = 0.3 with x = 1.7 y = -0.3 He determined this signified the end of one topic and the start of another.
As Earth’s population were glued to update reports from Red on this code breaking, the shock wave hit everywhere simultaneously. The message left by these entities was clear. Red had decided to refer to them as the Rabo because over 90% of their use of symbols related to values in the middle section of the pa-RABO-la. The message was pinpointed to 2.8 million years ago and contained references to life forms on Earth with rudiments of intelligence. They had not interfered with this emerging organic broth nor left evidence of their own presence, choosing instead to construct the screens on a virtually uninhabited Mars for possible future discovery. The activation of the screens was programmed to signal the ‘Rabo’. Red could not yet determine what mechanism was to be used or whether it was still operational. What it did show was that some species had managed to cross interstellar space a long time ago. They were from the region of the 55 Cancri System; over 40 light years from Earth. Their homeworld was under threat from gravitational shifts of three gas giants and they had been nomads for many ‘cycles’ after leaving their origin. There was no mention of any settlements but there was quite a catalogue of unsuitable locations. There was no description of themselves, as to metabolism, but there were ‘holographic’ images within the Martian screens in which the landscape was very different to the present. There were a lot of ice sheets between volcanic sites. There were several ‘mechanical’ looking devices in the images of the screens, but it was not clear whether they were representative of the machines which erected the VDUs or the Rabo themselves. The dating of the crystal components could mean they were on Mars when the Rabo arrived or they brought the embedded technology with them.
It was unanimously agreed that searching should begin in the surrounding regions of Valles Marineris for further evidence of their presence. Red had made one further discovery. His initial assumption that the parabolic screens were all the same was not quite accurate. They were constructed in an identical fashion and contained the same message, but each one had a construction date within the message. There were fifty-five altogether, some in better condition than others. The third was the one from which the Earth and Martian samples had been taken. That was constructed fifty-five years after the second and one hundred and ten years after the first. The same interval prevailed through the rest.

Chapter 2

The discovery of the past and possible continuing existence of a species which had traversed star systems catapulted propulsion research to the highest priority.
“Daniel, Xiang here. I’m sorry this is such short notice but we need to make a concrete decision on which technology to employ in our next major mission. In view of the implications resulting from the discovery of the “Rabo” as Red refers to them, we will revisit Mars rather than attempt an unmanned foray outside the solar system.”
Daniel Cavalho and his Symbiant – Dan - together with the ex-Commander of the Darwin – Anatoly Rebrov, were responsible for heading up this considerable effort. The Symbiant was as usual, acting as a reference point more than a developer of ideas, and thus helped in avoiding research culs-de-sac. Carvalho was both frustrated and excited at this news. “The workings of committees never cease to amaze me Roberto. We are at an important branch in our research and have been requesting more resource for over a year, then wham, we are asked to rely on educated guessing. We will brief you as to what is potentially our best choice with the usual caveats. When do you want to meet?”
“Now,” was the response.
“You mean today?”
“I’m afraid so, it’s to be a manned mission, but we also need to deliver equipment for the Symbiants to be able to maintain the terraforming programmes. Last but not least Alex 2 has some ideas on these Martian screens which he and Red believe may be important. He wants to discuss this with you.” Carvalho said he would be there within the hour.
The existence of antimatter had been confirmed for many years and indeed small quantities produced. “That is the easy part,” Dan had said, “controlling its power is going to be the next challenge.” He was understating how bumpy the road would be. Despite this they had made progress. Antiproton traps had seen a paradigm shift in late 2037 and Dan had confirmed that using antimatter as an initiator of nuclear pulse production, proposed at the end of the first decade of this century, had the potential to get spacecraft to the Oort cloud, about a third of the way to the nearest star to the Sun. The nuclear pulse production released gamma rays and kinetic energy. Production of antiprotons also gave rise to dangerous gamma rays. A switch to positrons at least produced lower energy gamma rays. Dan indicated they needed to investigate how part of the kinetic energy released could respond to secondary interaction prior to creation of thrust. He also stressed that marginalisation of the unwanted gamma rays would be a priority.
This approach of minimising the amount of antimatter needed, the excellent storage and handling of those antiprotons or positrons, and repeatable two-stage thrust management had led to prototypes ready for proving tests. That test had now arrived, but a little too soon. However this would, if successful, eliminate the need to be overly concerned about the relative distance between the planets and herald a Mars shuttle.
Carvalho had matured appreciably since his time as Engineer on the Copernicus. He wanted this command. He did not yet know that he had already been selected. They needed someone with Mars experience, who had worked with the Symbiants, and with a strong engineering background. There was also the small matter of possibly returning to Earth as the only human crew member.
When they met face to face it was a special reunion, they had not been in each other’s company since the emotional return of Copernicus. Those memories flooded back for the two humans and they kidded Alex 2 that he was also showing signs of nostalgia.
Alex 2 was first to get to the official business. “Red and I have considered why these giant screens have manufacturing intervals of fifty-five years, and whether it is a coincidence that the builders are from the 55 Cancri system. Our database, at the time of our ‘hibernation’ on Mars did not include the materials employed in the giant VDUs. Therefore we can, at present, only speculate as to the origin of the components. We are not comfortable with speculation. The following alternatives would appear to be possible. If the dating is accurate at 3.2 billion years, they could have developed or arrived on Mars after our regression to crystal. If they developed or arrived by impact we would expect there to be other deposits. If they arrived with the constructors there is less probability of other deposits. Red has widened the search area and not found any more as yet. If we then consider the fifty-five year construction interval we also have alternate possibilities. The builders could have remained on Mars during the entire period, some three thousand years or more. Did they consume the entire quantity and stop building, or did they import the materials from some other location? What we do avail of in our database is signatures of similar materials in this sector of the galaxy but please bear in mind this information has not been updated since our regression on Mars. We know that the species left their 55 Cancri home because of impending cataclysmic events, so it is unlikely they returned. It is also what humans would call ‘intriguing’ that the distance from Mars to the nearest source of the materials we have identified, is one which would require a travel period of twenty-seven to twenty-eight years with a propulsion system much more advanced than has yet been developed by humans. The round trip of about fifty-five years is interesting. Red has also determined that only the core constituents needed to be imported for further reaction to yield the final composite layers of the screens, so the transportation loads were feasible for a spacecraft. Probability analysis suggests that the species in question may have had various outposts and existed in the prevailing Martian climate for a considerable time around 2.8 million years ago. The probability values are not strong, but outweigh the other scenarios we have checked. It is therefore important that we search Mars for more evidence of their civilisation, and possibly shift our first extra solar system mission to the source of the material signature where they may have also left valuable data.”
Xiang had already heard this prognosis and was therefore not as awestruck as Carvalho. “We would like you to Command the mission Daniel as you fulfill all of the criteria and you will be designing the propulsion system. The vessel will be named ‘The Newton.’ What do you say?”
Alex 2 left them to discuss details, he had another pressing appointment. He had agreed to meet with one of the increasingly influential religious leaders on Earth. The concerns over the gradual replacement of human physiology with ‘alien’ technology were spreading. South America was the most vociferous and was gaining support in Europe, particularly Spain, Portugal and Italy. The Middle East was more active than the rest of the Muslim faith, who were catching up. Nilson Mendoza had become a figurehead for Catholicism, sweeping all of South America and part of Mexico into a sledgehammer of protest at the headlong pursuit of technical advantage, which was steadily undermining God’s presence in people’s everyday lives.
During their brief discussion, which Mendoza had insisted be broadcast live, Alex 2 had tried to explain for what seemed like the hundredth time, that this was no imposition, the representatives of humanity had elected him but there was no requirement to adopt any of the discoveries which were made. To this end Alex 2 suggested his grievance should be aired with other humans. Mendoza rejected this guise of convenience. He maintained that as long as Alex 2 was present in his capacity of Symbolic Leader the focus would remain with him. He bluntly asked if he was prepared to resign if asked.
“Not only would I comply, I have on many occasions reiterated that I would not in any way resist humanity’s wish to consign me to crystal for as long as it is deemed necessary.”
Mendoza thought carefully. “We know this but we do not want your martyrdom to further polarise society. We have the greatest respect for you as an intelligent, caring being and we therefore seek your cooperation in de-scaling the rate of change implied in the present programme.”
Alex 2 endeavoured to pinpoint more precise areas of concern which had turned into acceptance. “Society, with few exceptions, did not seem to have difficulty with organ replacement and synthetic knee joints prior to my emergence. There has also been much debate on stem cell research, IVF, designer babies and gene correction therapy – yet they progressed without the tension that you claim exists now. Why do you think that is?”
“Perhaps those examples in themselves did not envision our descendants becoming something that resembles our template but without any soul.”
Alex 2 could not easily differentiate between something abstract and taken on faith when compared with the memory and character transference during an individual’s replication. When he articulated this Mendoza seized upon it as being the fundamental problem. Alex 2 pointed out that the uncorroborated faith in something called the ‘soul’ was surely just as much of a fundamental problem. The jousting prevailed along these lines until Mendoza introduced the subject of descendants with reference to their method of procreation.
“Our understanding is that we are being encouraged to graduate to a physiology closer to your own to meet the survival criteria ahead, yet you have admitted that you cannot procreate, only replicate. Maybe I have misunderstood, but would not a replicant of a child always remain a child in all respects other than acquired data? If so, this cannot be considered procreation as we know it. I would suggest it signals that the last dregs of humanity have been designed out. Why not just replicate enough of our promising species to carry that promise forward for your Progenitors when the time comes for the next mutation? This would be a compassionate means of allowing individual and mass faith to take its chance with the human residue.”
Alex 2 was for once not able to offer a critique of such a suggestion and the broadcast ended with Mendoza occupying the high ground.
Chapter 3

Immediately after Carvalho accepted the command of the Newton mission he was briefed on the makeup of the crew and more detailed objectives. Many more nuclear power units were required on Mars to keep up with the increasing number of tasks at an ever greater distance from one another. There was now more need than ever for geological, computing and chemical expertise following the discovery of the Rabo. There was a need for medical presence on the outbound journey. Security presence would also have to be tolerated after the sabotage events on Copernicus.
The analytical equipment had to be complimented with new techniques to enable better ‘on Mars’ data. Modifications to the robots had been requested to enable more efficient earth-moving capability as the Symbiants were pushing into trickier terrain outside Valles Marineris. This extra cargo was offset by not needing additional lab unit space or habitat as they were now contained safely in the giant domes which were expected to offer a comfortable atmosphere for the incoming humans.
Carvalho had input into the choices for all crew members other than the security presence. He chose Jussi Pykonnen as the geologist for his excellent work on the Darwin mission. He accepted advice on Beth Eisentrager (computing and communications), Ari Nielsen (science) and Sophia Scillacci (medical). The security presence was already nominated and had been involved in screening the others. Sergei Radmanov had undergone KGB type training and worked in almost all former states which had defected from the Soviet Union. His record was formidable.
The construction of the vessel other than the propulsion system had been accomplished recently and was sufficiently modular to accept changes within certain constraints. Carvalho did not see the prototype modifications he had in mind causing any delays. He did have a request which he had kept to himself until all other details had been covered. He wanted Dan to be on the Newton. The rationale was simple – as Commander he may have situations which would dilute his focus on propulsion, and having Dan there would cover that risk. The Symbiant was resource neutral except for weight which was not a concern. The request was approved.
********
Pascal 2 and Red had been experimenting further with the laser and screens. Red recalled some very weak luminescence at 555nm at the time but had obviously concentrated on the brightness delivered at 633nm. In retrospect, the number 55 had kept cropping up and they had revisited the chasm. Eventually they found that the fifth screen had additional symbols at wavelength 555 but they were too fuzzy to be read. They both concurred that the problem might be the tuneable laser’s inability to deliver a strong enough focus at this specific wavelength. Red requested that a laser with such capability be added to the cargo of the Newton.
********
Alex 2 had reviewed a lot of research on the mechanism of human memory function carried out prior to his arrival on Earth. This was information which was not in the regular medical databases as it was mainly theory and hypotheses. Dr. Eidur Isaakson was mentioned numerous times in this field, and was reputed to be critical of the lack of funding for this branch of science. He had argued that the work could also carry payoff in cures for Alzheimer’s disease and other such causes of memory attrition. In studying these conditions Alex 2 was impressed that more than twenty years ago someone had actually suggested something critically important to the arduous task of reverse engineering the brain. It was apparently accepted that Amyloid Beta, a peptide, could form cerebral clusters, ultimately killing neurons. Amyloid Precursor Protein (APP) was thought to be a natural neuro-protective agent, induced by neuronal stress or injury. It was proposed APP reduced divalent Calcium ion concentration and therefore protects neurons from glutamate excitotoxicity.
Although this seemed reasonable, it was proposed in the context of the prevailing understanding that current memory is transferred to long term memory by the hippocampus triggering the exchange with the neocortex. However in 2006, a theory which suggested that the neocortex actually sequesters memory from the hippocampus had not been sufficiently researched at the time. Alex 2 decided to speak with Dr. Isaakson about this and requested him to travel to Beijing.
Another area of potential scrutiny by the rising tide of religion was the advance in creation of artificial memory. The various churches had never galvanised their efforts on a common enemy before this threat, but had now begun to make impressive strides. Alex 2 had been busy here too. As far back as 2007, nanowires had been produced which were capable of storing computer data for 100,000 years and retrieving it 1000 times faster with less power than the prevailing technology at the time. This was developed using a self-assembly process employing Germanium Antimony Telluride. This, when laser heated offers phase changing properties, switching between amorphous and crystalline structures. This of course was the very mechanism involved with the Continuance itself, as well as being the key to read-write computer memory.
He was also impressed with notes on the production method. Self-assembly was described as a process by which chemical reactants crystallise at lower temperatures, mediated by nanoscale metal catalysts to form nanowires. Subsequent memory devices are fabricated on silicon substrates. This was followed by a proposal that this whole concept offered a way to boot a computer in seconds without the need to transfer the operating system to actual memory.
In 2016 Georgi Popescu suggested linking the research between the Alzheimer’s work and the nanowire breakthrough. It had not been done. Popescu had passed away in 2031 without ever knowing what could have been.
********
Fernando Escobar had survived two decades at the interface of supply and demand of Cocaine. This was some achievement judged by the number who had not. He was ready to surrender the welfare of his dynasty to his eldest son. This had come about by the diversification opportunity to find deposits of Scarlet O’Hara. When he had been advised of the most likely locations being inaccessible or extremely inhospitable his interest sharpened. This would rule out most of the private sector competition and the government accord across the world had been enshrined to forbid searching or possessing the crystal. This would be under review as more experience was gained with the Symbiants on Earth.
Escobar was Columbian but had residence in Zimbabwe, within a heavily protected fortress. Not many people knew this, as that information was almost directly proportional to suffering an unfortunate accident. The financial and organisational muscle required for the venture was to be beefed up to requirement without delay. His advisor, on where to start looking, suggested that the ocean around the Canary Islands was predicted to suffer a land slippage of such proportion that resulting tsunamis would devastate part of the eastern seaboard of the United States. The resulting exposure of strata and the churning at the bottom of the adjacent ocean would be good sites to start. The advisor was asked to come up with another site which did not involve waiting for a cataclysmic event and he would be handsomely rewarded. The second choice was the North Saskatchewan River Valley originating at the glacier and Columbian Ice field. On its 2200 km journey to Hudson Bay the river had over time shaped the valley walls. During the Mesozoic era volcanic eruptions were common, and at the same time the Devonian Sea covered much of the area in the then tropical climate. It left behind rich organic materials, some of which gradually transformed into fossil fuels. The subsequent period was characterised by mountain building. Boulders and debris were left behind as glaciers receded, scouring the earth with their movement. The resulting knob and kettle landscape is what is seen today. The advisor was thanked profusely and later declared lost at sea after several days search by the Coastguard.
********
Alex 2 informed Dr. Isaakson that this meeting was an unusual departure insofar as he constantly tried to be the consultant and not the pioneer. This apparent departure could be justified because the work he was about to refer to had been mapped out decades ago. There was also some similarity to the architecture of the Continuance. “The research on nanowires is very interesting, especially the element of rendering the need to transfer operating system to memory on boot-up as redundant. My structure is somewhat analogous to this concept. I have previously explained to humans that my first and second tier registry functions have to confront exactly that challenge. This is not only important for delineating long term and other levels of memory, it is critical to alerting my regenerative function. This function has a similar purpose to your immune system in a way, but operates differently. I have sentinel cells which are directly linked to first tier memory and to each other. They trigger production of new cells whenever attack is sensed. The new cells push out the damaged cells and renew the original template. Occasionally, as happened on Mars, an attacking species can disguise its presence to reach a sentinel cell before the process is triggered and then amputation of the infected region is required. I concur with your conclusion that this work should be linked to the effort to halt degenerative memory conditions like Alzheimer’s disease, and particularly the suggestion to focus on the relationship between the neocortex and the hippocampus. If you can outline in precise detail what resource you need and how it will be employed I will ensure this receives a major rethink.”
Isaakson remained unimpressed. “I have used similar arguments in the past to no avail, I’m not hopeful – forgive me but I’m jaundiced with the myopic traits of my species.” Alex 2 said there was another facet of the debate to be considered. “Mankind has a mental fortress built around preserving even that which is faulty if it is a true component of ‘humanity’. This in itself can be considered a flaw but through religion and family structure it assumes the mantle of invisibility. From the various groups of people who outlaw blood transfusion, stem cell research etc, we also observe the embracing of gadgets like pacemakers, which can be conveniently designated as external assistance devices such as a walking stick or neck massager. If we employ this route we may well transcend this resistance. I am suggesting the initial development of external equipment to lower the emotional resistance.”
Isaakson stared blankly before responding. “You mean an artificial ‘brain’ to communicate with the human version?”
“Yes, in the first instance. There are many examples of measuring and controlling brain activity in this way, both medically and psychiatrically. If success can be demonstrated with neuron repair, and a box which re-educates or improves the communication between the neocortex and hippocampus, the next step will not appear so radical.”
Issakson’s scepticism was beginning to thaw and he agreed to report back with the detail Alex 2 had requested.

Chapter 4

The months of intense preparation for the Newton launch were considered well short of ideal, but this was intrinsically linked to the earliest date possible for retrofitting the new propulsion unit to the modified chassis. The estimated time for the outward journey was fractionally under six weeks, despite the two planets being four years beyond their closest orbital distance and Mars perihelion. This compared to ten months for Copernicus and Darwin.
Beth Eisentrager had never really been separated from her identical twin sister Elke for any significant period. They had gone to the same university and worked for the same software corporation. When Beth had revealed her wish to become an astronaut, Elke followed suit. The Newton selection board thought long and hard about this before offering Beth the place. Even though her response was an immediate affirmative it was hitting hard now that they were on the eve of departure. Jussi Pykonnen took it upon himself to help relax Beth, leaning on his previous experience, stating that although the Darwin returned before the planned twelve months had elapsed, he would have liked to stay longer.
Ari Nielsen just could not wait to link up with the Martian Symbiants and hand them their new laser. He was consumed by what might be revealed and the chance to discuss the outcome with Pascal 2 and Red. Ari had initially studied at Aarhus then moved to MIT to gain his doctorate. He was honoured to take up a post of considerable responsibility in support work on the Hadron Collider in Cern. This had been modified since the early Big Bang experiments and production of antimatter. The Newton provided the mouth-watering combination of application of knowledge, the discovery of the Rabo, and the presence of superior intellect with which to interact.
Sophia Scillacci had been sent well wishes from Pascal Dupree, who was still in Sudan, and still had a cache of Scarlet O’Hara, unknown to the ‘authorities’. He had been careful to avoid any reference to this or the Symbiants, choosing to air his regret at seeing himself as a doctor first and crew member second aboard Copernicus. He urged her not to repeat this misjudgement. Sophia had lived, studied and worked almost exclusively in Italy. The exception was her recent work in genetics in Osaka, which was in the province of correction of rogue genes responsible for a number of life-threatening conditions. The leader of the work had received the Nobel Prize and had been magnanimous in his praise of her contribution.
Sergei Radmanov had been subjected to what was almost overkill on the need for him to fit with the crew and avoid the near-outcast status Javier Veltrano had suffered on Copernicus for most of the journey. At least the crew knew of his brief, unlike Veltrano’s clandestine remit, which was a good start. He made it his first objective to really find out what made each one of them tick. He was still an ‘intelligence’ leopard even though the spots were different.
Carvalho not only had a hard act to follow in Magnusson, but an even more difficult one to keep up with in the form of a Symbiant. He had not really given this much thought when he requested Dan’s presence, but that would change. The launch was uneventful and much less significant in the media than the first colonisation mission. As a consequence of the trip being eight and a half months shorter, more time had been planned for the voyage around what happened when they reached Mars.
********
Saskatchewan River Valley was a sparsely populated region but there could still be a problem if too much attention was drawn to even amateur geological investigation. Permits and impeccable references would be the safest bet. Escobar commissioned his executives to get the hungriest accredited candidate they could find and bring their choice to his decoy abode in Cuba. After weeks of tentative screening they arrived with a young American-naturalised Korean – Sung Jin Park, now known exclusively as Michael Park. His reputation was as yet not matched with awards and the kind of fellowships of an incestuous nature which attract the attention of the media. He would easily fit with the charade of an enthusiastic young professional cutting his teeth in an industrious way. He was very knowledgeable, extremely focussed on the science rather than the establishment dictates, and craved being the first to achieve something of notoriety. He was also attracted by the financial persuasion on offer. With the requisite paperwork and equipment he set about marking out the strata of promise. He concentrated the first forays on rock splitting and extracted a few crystals of varying age and colour but not the infamous ‘Scarlet’.
********
Alex 2 delivered another surprise by releasing a statement to the media referring to the abrupt end to the broadcast with Nilson Mendoza. He regretted that there had been no time for him to agree with the spiritual leader’s proposal to allow people to simply opt out of the race against time to prepare for leaving the solar system. In fact he went further by declaring only a small percentage of the species were required to achieve this. He felt that this was a similar situation to one in which certain groups sought to outlaw medical breakthrough if it offended their beliefs. He was sure that Mr. Mendoza could appreciate, because of his adherence to ‘the sanctity of life’, that it would be unfair to expect all others to be dragooned into being compliant with a death sentence imposed by self-righteous views. Alex 2 was sure leaders like Mr. Mendoza could accept that people already born and suffering were somewhat indifferent to the all-embracing dogma of interfering with embryos. To deny such individuals an opt-out which he had called for in the broadcast would be hypocritical. He hoped this would make a difference to the campaigning by people of many faiths against the advance of medicine for these compassionate causes.
********
The Newton had reached the halfway point without any of the drama enacted on Copernicus. There was a genuine camaraderie present and even Radmanov was relaxed and apparently easy going. Dan had reported no deviation from expectation of the new propulsion system and there were no sniffs and coughs to report. Carvalho had asked Dan to keep in touch with Red to double check orbit insertion trajectory data from Beijing and be prepared for the landing sequence plans. The landing locations were now quite a distance apart. The nuclear power units had to be spaced along intended exploration lines to ensure charging facility for the robots. The analytical stuff was to be as close as made sense to the existing facility. The supplies for humans were to be close to the habitat giant dome in Marineris Central. All of this needed split second timing of the release of the Lander and the Ascent/Descent modules respectively. Carvalho trusted the Symbiants accuracy implicitly in these matters, doubly so when Dan would be communicating with one of his own.
********
The search on Mars for more evidence of the Rabo was disappointing. Red entertained the idea that they had chosen Pandora’s Rift (the chasm) for the screens because of the relative protection it offered from the harsh planetary conditions. If this was true, he proposed that any settlement or other evidence of their stay may be well away from the present search area. It was therefore decided to abandon the activity and restore full manpower on the continuing forestation of the planet until the new laser arrived.
********
Everything had gone so smoothly with Newton’s journey that it made the bad news seem even worse. Elke Eisentrager had been diving in the Red Sea when she noticed a warning of failure of air supply. She had surfaced a little too quickly because of acute symptoms of asphyxiation and was admitted to hospital. Some brain damage was diagnosed but she had come out of a coma. She was not able to speak correctly and exhibited other afflictions associated with a stroke. She was transported to Munich for further tests and therapy. Xiang had first passed this information to Carvalho to ascertain if it was better to hold off telling her sister until they were on Mars. Commander Carvalho had his first really tough decision to contemplate. His instinctive reaction was not to mull this over. It was a family matter and her second family aboard Newton was there to help her through this. His reply to Xiang was short and decisive. “I will inform Beth that she can expect an incoming transmission from her family. It is our job to get her through this.”
Xiang was grateful for the time delay in the communication as it loaned belief that Carvalho had really thought deeply about the alternatives. Had he been in command he felt pretty sure he would have preferred a landing without distraction. It was a concern but he decided to reply positively. “Good, this kind of adversity can foster stronger relationships in the longer term. I will alert the Eisentrager family that you have requested they have first contact in such a personal matter. They should be able to transmit within the hour as they can upload from Munich to Beijing for onward routing. I will be back in touch with preliminary orbit insertion calculations soon Commander.”

Chapter 5

Michael Park was confident he had located a very promising cave. It was earmarked on the official grid as containing some of the oldest rocks in the continent of North America. It was very deep and recommendations stressed the need for accompaniment by experienced personnel in cave exploration. He ignored this because of explicit instructions from Escobar’s enforcers. He decided to stock up with rations for several days, and trail markers to conduct his first foray into the darkness.
His optimism was based on the variety of recorded finds in both age and composition. Unusual items had been discovered side by side, including a kaleidoscope of crystals within a period of volcanic upheaval. The subsequent mountain formation had managed to leave this very deep cave at a considerable altitude. He took samples of crystals encased in rock as well as isolated deposits. He had confirmed from the Scarlet database that the amorphous form would revert to crystal when subjected to an unchanging data condition such as rock imprisonment, and the crystal form would remain as such in the same environment. The free lodes of crystals would indicate presence or absence of antimony, a key clue. He headed back to the analytical facility provided by Escobar.
********
Beth was distraught at the plight of her twin and asked Commander Carvalho if she could be excused some of her duties and exercise regimes.
“Of course, and please understand that we want to help, but we also want to give you time on your own. We want you to have our communication slots until you get a better handle on Elke’s prognosis.”
Radmanov took it upon himself to ask Carvalho to request more time to communicate with Earth on this as the operational aspects were well under control. The Commander agreed and reflected on the contrast with his first altercations with Veltrano on Copernicus, and how they subsequently became such close friends, before Javier fell to Legionella Pneumophila. “Good thinking,” he said to Radmanov.
Sophia Scillacci kept a watchful eye on her bio readings and asked if she needed any help sleeping via medication. “No thanks, but I appreciate the offer Sophia. I just need to get used to the fact that whatever happens to Elke, I won’t see her for a long time. Our scheduled stay on Mars has to take priority.” Scillacci mentioned this to the Commander and he thought about any scenario in which they could cover for her. He considered whether they could profit from overlap of disciplines with Nielsen (science) and Pykonnen (geology). Ari Nielsen had pretty advanced computing ability and Radmanov could take on her other remit of Communication. He then remembered that Pykonnen had undergone replication when the Darwin’s crew was on Mars. His name was Finn and Jussi Pykonnen had no doubts that if his replicant could be freed from his Mars duties he could easily cover the geological input, allowing him, Pykonnen, more time to assist Nielsen.
Beth was moved that they were all prepared to make sacrifices in their own disciplines to help her adjust, or even return on the Newton. “I can’t ask for or accept such a gesture, Jussi. I want to see how the next few weeks unfold for Elke and respond accordingly. Isn’t everyone forgetting that if I was to return with Newton, the best person to replace me is Beth Eisentrager, or more accurately a replicant of me? I won’t decide whether I would like to return until I have helped set up the Mars programme with the rest of you.” She kissed him lightly on the cheek and smiled through the tears.
********
When Alex 2 heard of the Eisentrager tragedy he asked Xiang to consider putting them in touch with Dr. Isaakson. If this was approved, he volunteered to make the introductions. His thinking was to include Elke in the proposed study of using technology external to the brain for repair of lost function. When they met, the Eisentrager family was a little overawed at first but this was supplanted by hope when Alex 2 outlined the entire context of the study. He also prepared them for a time when they may be asked for their consent to treat Elke with such pioneering equipment. They asked if they could communicate with their other daughter about this and get back to him. Dr. Isaakson responded to Alex 2’s affirmative by suggesting they immediately upload Elke’s medical history to familiarise themselves with any areas of concern. “It would make sense to do this in advance even if your decision to proceed was negative. Confidentiality would be assured.” It was agreed and when Beth learned of this she knew her sister couldn’t be in better hands. It relaxed her and more significantly made her feel a little less guilty for them being apart.
********
When Michael Park sorted his haul into groups he decided to perform elemental analysis first. None of the first batch of free crystals indicated the presence of antimony. The pattern was repeated throughout. When he started on the crystals enclosed by rocks it looked like a similar picture then suddenly he punched the air. However repeating the test produced a negative result. It was some time before he realised that the trace of antimony was in the rock casing and not the crystal. He quickly consulted his sample extraction chart and set off again to expose more of that section of the cave. By the time he had made his way back to the exact location he realised he was going to have to spend the night there. A couple of hours into this round of rock splitting he felt really tired. His mobile was switched on but there was no signal. While he slept he was completely unaware of the efforts of Escobar’s men trying to contact him. They thought he had gone AWOL and began a manhunt. The disarray he had left at his lab facility hardened their belief that he may have discovered something and evaporated. After a restless night he resumed collecting rocks but decided to leave the splitting until he got back to the lab. It had been burned to the ground. He was perplexed at first, but when he recalled that his exit from the cave was greeted with dozens of missed calls on his mobile, he rechecked the list. They were all from the same number, which he did not recognise. The rule was that they contacted him. He tried ring back and got a reply saying ‘number not recognised’. His instinct then told him to head off to somewhere safe until he could make sense of this.
********
Carvalho had been looking forward to observing Dan orchestrate the despatch of the Lander. Having agreed marginal adjustments with Beijing the Symbiant was now close enough to the red planet to have conversation with Pascal 2 and Red, but without time lag. The calmness was a joy to behold and had a knock on effect to the crew, particularly those on their maiden mission. The Lander employed the hypercone and thrusters with such precision that Dan made it look like a parachutist landing on a cross in a football stadium. It was right where Red wanted it to be – five miles north of Valles Marineris – the beginning of the unexplored territory. Without pausing or self-congratulation Dan then executed the orbit insertion routine while simultaneously keeping the crew updated on what to expect. Carvalho experienced a lot of indirect pride. “Who said males weren’t capable of multitasking?” Before the ensuing ripple of laughter, Dan interjected, “Strictly speaking Commander, I am neither male nor female.”
The crew enjoyed a moment of muted mirth. Dan informed Beijing that Mars capture had been achieved and started the separation of the Descent/Ascent module. The mission controllers back on Earth felt relatively redundant but still showed palpable relief when the module touched down scarcely thirty metres from the Dome containing the habitat units. To the other side there was a slightly wider margin of fifty metres or so to the forestation border.
The meeting of the crew with the Symbiants was surreal, as many of the new arrivals knew some of the human counterparts back on Earth, who had wished them well on departure, and yet here they were on Mars.
With their typical lack of fuss or ceremony the Symbiants wasted no time showing the Newton crew to the breathable dome and the comfort of the habitat. They then disappeared saying they would take care of the unloading of cargo and lab equipment, suggesting the humans relax and freshen up before being fully updated on the various Mars projects. Jussi Pykonnen remarked, “This whole landing sequence was like a gondola ride compared to the Darwin equivalent in terms of stress.” He put that down to having a Symbiant at both ends of the operation – Darwin had merely been ‘talked down’ by a Symbiant.
********
Mendoza had known that Alex 2 had a prodigious intellect but he had not anticipated the political acumen, especially when it did not come across as such. He had been pestered by the media to respond to the Symbiant’s concession, including the philosophical barb, framed as a question. Mendoza knew full well he would have to re-engage with the subject but instinctively played for more time. To this end he put out feelers for support from other major religions without much response. Islamic leaders did not want to enter the moral quicksand and the Protestant fraternity simply ignored the request. Hindus and Buddhists sidestepped the issue by declaring the specific points under dispute were largely related to western culture. All of this was in very sharp contrast to the accord they offered when Mendoza had concentrated on the unique relationship between God and the children of his creation. The faith leaders had been handling gradual slippage of religion down the pecking order of life’s priorities, in the face of ever-increasing strains, for decades, and they were comfortable with managing its slow demise. Branching out into the bargaining arena was seen as somewhat demeaning, and had the potential to accelerate their loosening grip on power over people’s dreams. Power was at the fountain head of all of humanity’s organised schemes to sell hope to the masses. Mendoza diffused the media pressure by declaring he was trying to fix a private meeting with Alex 2.

Chapter 6

Red asked Pykonnen and Nielsen if they would like to accompany him to the Rift with his new laser. They didn’t need a second invitation. They would, however, only be able to observe from the drillbot camera as the screens were too deep in the chasm for safe human descent. The Symbiant’s acrobatic prowess and ability to regenerate damaged cells meant it was not much of a challenge.
The fifth screen was now ablaze with data. Red informed Nielsen and Pykonnen that some of these symbols were different to the ones he had decoded so far. The two humans activated the zoom on the camera and took many pictures. Red also stated the familiar symbols directed him to screen 55 for location details. It took him some time to leap from shelves and outcrops to return to the surface, then they all travelled to the last screen together. This time there were diagrams and coordinates which Red could interpret. At coordinates 49.7 degrees North and 118.0 degrees East, they would apparently discover the abode of the Rabo. It would not be a surface habitat and there was a code referred to for entry, but it was embedded in the new symbols. This was a jaw-dropping first day for Nielsen and Pykonnen. More pictures were recorded and they made their way back to the habitat dome. On checking human astronomy records they confirmed Red’s database coordinates, which put this location in the Northern Lowlands and close to an area known as Utopia Planitia, which apparently, was Latin for ‘nowhere plain’. The excitement surged throughout the entire Mars contingent despite the realisation that reaching this distant point would be a serious challenge.
********
Michael Park had not received any payoff other than expenses for equipment, so he did not have much choice. He found a rundown motel some eighty miles from the cave. Giving a false name would not be an effective cover with his Korean ancestry standing out against the local population.
He showered and began to contemplate his next steps. He had to find a safe haven for his rocks and himself; not necessarily in the same place. He also needed to know if the rocks were actually worth anything, including their indirect potential to terminate his life. He considered that the Beijing authorities would value any information he may reveal if Scarlet O’Hara’s possible presence was confirmed. Getting the rocks tested was going to be tricky. He raided his sample case and selected a few from different strata, took his toolkit and went for a walk in the local woods. When he was convinced that he had not been followed, he laid out his array of coloured minerals in a clearing and commenced the careful splitting procedure. Few contained locked-up crystal but two from different locations in the cave had similar strata and linear striations. His pocket magnification device showed these to be red-orange. They were so thin that it was difficult to be certain as to whether they were crystalline, metallic or even light reflecting materials.
Returning to the motel, he needed to sleep for a couple of hours. He awakened and decided that he must risk finding access to analytical equipment. He checked out and started to hitchhike back to his old university. His ethnicity had always helped him get rides, and once again, his luck was in. Several days of travelling and sleeping rough had provided him the opportunity to plan his contact with Beijing. However events would overtake his intentions.
********
Alex 2 gave Isaakson the good news. “I am the bearer of resources for our project Dr. Isaakson, the detail of which you will receive by mail. Suffice it to say you will be able to recruit your own staff and the various specialised facilities have been alerted to your requirement of their time. This will be the case until dedicated state-of-the-art neurosciences labs are scheduled for production here in Beijing, and they are designated ‘urgent’ classification.”
The reply was laced with humility. “I regret burdening you with my initial doubts. I can assure you of my absolute concentration on this to the exclusion of everything else. I won’t let you down.” Alex 2 told Isaakson to feel free to contact him at any time if required and to furnish him with regular updates. “Getting an ‘engineering’ design for a brain thrashed out would be a significant step. Please note I refer to ‘a’ brain not ‘the’ brain. It needs to be different and I can be of assistance if you wish.”
********
Pascal 2 and Red conferred silently while the entire Newton crew gathered, anticipating that the new code-breaking would be a fascinating experience. However it was the opposite; no computer screen illustrated their effort; no theories were overheard. The silence was quite prolonged then ended abruptly. Red announced that they had it. In order to explain it to the humans they apologised that they would have to resort to a theoretical example which would make it easier to grasp. Red started by reference to the human decimal system. The Rabo use a base five instead of ten.
“So unity is, say ‘a’ then duplicity is ‘b’ and so on until we reach six which is ‘ea’. Ten becomes ‘ee’ which then has the option of being transposed to ‘f’ thus causing a breaker symbol. You have to now abandon the alphabetical constraint both in the finite number of characters, and accept reality that these symbols are actually values. We have determined that the first screen messages that we saw, and associated with a parabola, are a distortion of their normal ‘language’ and is more likely to be understood by other species. Their true system of communication is this rather simple arrangement of values and intervals, jumpers and breakers. It leads us to the conclusion that although they may have conquered interstellar travel, they do not have a need for a highly complicated written language. If this extrapolation of logic is valid then we may find that they communicate by another principle. For example, a method such as Pascal 2 and another Symbiant. Please do not see this as negative….the human languages are highly creative and ‘artistic’ but can often have interpretive alternate meaning to the sender and receiver. We are still studying this aspect within the literature of your species.” Those in the gallery were impatient to know the detailed content of the new message.
********
When Mendoza turned up for the meeting with Alex 2 he was carrying the mental burden of advice from the Vatican about their requirements of what should be on the agenda, and more significantly what should not be allowed to surface. He visualised a severe fall from grace if he failed to outwit this ‘inorganic almanac’.
He was greeted by the Symbiant with a disarmingly genuine welcome. “It is good to see you again Mr. Mendoza. I am pleased to have another opportunity to find a formula of accommodation for both sets of people we represent.” This was not a good start. Mendoza needed to know if this meeting was being recorded in any format. Having been assured it was not, he was put at further unease. “I do not see the need for such records, as you may have heard my architecture automatically places data in my memory. It can be stored or deleted. I can delete information at your request but I suggest that that could be a barrier to finding an accord, which is hopefully what we both want. That being the case, deletion would mean you have the data, albeit from your own memory, but I do not.”
“Yes, I see your point. Actually I’m curious about where you would like to start, and particularly whether you really see deeply held religious beliefs as important in society. I’m talking about an overview as if you had not accepted a position to help the species in ‘saving the planet’.”
Alex 2 read this as manoeuvring him into a declaration of atheism and thus creating an unbridgeable gulf of principle. His riposte was tempered. “Having faith in something abstract without evidence of its existence or intention differentiates your species from all others on the planet, and indeed from any I have encountered. Although this is unusual, in my own experience as I perceive it, there may be a parallel in my relationship with the Progenitors. You only have my word for their existence and indeed I only have the data embedded in me, by them, as a basis to believe they are real. Without surrendering my normal requirement of proof I have accepted their existence. Your own faith can be rationalised in this way. I do not see incompatibility here, merely different points and methods of observation.”
Mendoza could not really see a way to swing the agenda the way the Vatican had advised and decided to chat around a few red herrings and then feign feeling unwell, so the meeting was curtailed after an hour. Nilson Mendoza was relieved to be able to ‘fight another day’.
********
The four days it had taken Michael Park to hitch rides to the home of a friend, with whom he had shared a dormitory on the university campus, found the house unoccupied. He was uncertain as to whether his friend was on vacation or at work. He didn’t want to use his mobile as Escobar’s men might have the ability to trace his whereabouts with satellite technology. He found a window at the rear with the catch slightly open. He hoped there was no fancy alarm system as he made his way in. His friend was even more untidy than himself; there were items scattered everywhere – food remains, magazines, computer printouts and clothes.
Park settled down and found a cold beer in the refrigerator. He decided to kill time by leaving a note for his friend and taking the two promising samples to a safety deposit box in town just in case he had been tracked. As he took them from the sample bag he neither noticed that the minute orange – red striations had a dusty surface, nor that his hand brushed against it. The four plus days had allowed the striations’ exposure to trigger the change to the amorphous form.
He managed to deposit the samples safely and had a bite to eat before returning to his friend’s home. He was still not there. He switched the note with one that said he was going to the movies and would be back around eleven. As he returned there were still no lights on or any other signs of his friend. He was perplexed but the thought of a good night’s sleep, even on a sofa, was welcomed when compared to his recent open air experiences. He woke up in the early hours feeling unwell. Spasms of muscle cramp and light headedness were followed by short bouts of unconsciousness. He was not to know he was being replicated. It had been a little quicker from contact time to initiation compared to those on Mars, primarily because of much higher ambient temperature and humidity. This was also the first un-witnessed replication, so he was going to be pretty scared without a comforting audience and bio monitoring equipment. By the time the completion had occurred he was in a state of hypertension. When he saw his double he finally realised what had happened. Reassurance came with the first words of the replicant. “Reorganising data.”
 
Chapter 7

The decoding of the symbols allowed Red to reveal the new message. It was a bit of an anti-climax, merely offering another challenge. The entry code to the Rabo’s underground dwelling in Utopia Planitia would lead them to a second protected access structure. The promise of information about their culture, technology and their current homeworld was the prize. They obviously only wanted this information to be available to a species of considerable intellect. This threw up questions in the minds of the crew – would they have been able to get this far without the Symbiants? If they could have - how long would it have taken them? How relevant would all of this be considering these messages were left almost three million years ago?
The lure of interaction with another species was strong even if they turned out to be extinct. The practical dilemma was the means by which they could traverse almost half the planet’s surface to engage with the next clues. After much discussion Carvalho decided they would run their plan past Beijing.
Although the Descent/Ascent modules were designed for only one such return trip there was an opportunity to override this restriction. They operated via thrusters and were still dependent on chemical propellant. Beijing had insisted that there was back up for the new propulsion system in case of problems. The Newton was fitted with downsized afterburners and chemical propellant to take over maintenance of thrust if the antimatter/nuclear unit had to be temporarily, or permanently decommissioned. Docking the Ascent module with the Mother ship and transferring propellant was not without risk, but would be many times quicker and potentially less difficult than negotiating unknown terrain with the robots. The second part of the plan meant that the final ascent to Newton for Earth return would have to be from Utopia Planitia. It therefore stipulated that the personnel required for the earthbound Newton had to make the docking ascent to obtain the propellant. It would then make sense for a ground crew to construct a road from Marineris Central to Utopia Planitia instead of simply trying to get there over the hazardous natural landscape. This would of course take many months, so it really depended on how much importance would be attached to knowledge gained from accessing the Rabo lair by the ascent/descent team. The entire plan also raised the issue of more replications to accelerate all aspects of the Martian colonisation.
Carvalho was more than a little apprehensive when the transmission did not receive a reply the same day; it smelled of dithering. He decided to transmit an addendum which outlined another supportive programme assuming approval of the original. More Mars ‘shuttles’ would be required to support road building – especially many more nuclear power units. These would need protection from dust storms either by extending forestation around them or preferably from the construction of more mini-domes. This psychological poker play was to exude super confidence in the plan, which risked the only means of their return to Earth if anything went wrong. The subtlety implied that Beijing should be preparing another launch now whether it was a rescue or supply chain. It begged the question of how serious the species was about making Mars habitable.
It did the trick. Xiang apologised for the perceived procrastination. “Commander, I know it has taken a while and you know how these things work. The decision has now been taken to prioritise another ‘shuttle’ construction. In assuming a successful descent to Utopia Planitia and information of interest there, we are asking you to remain on Mars until further notice. The point you have made regarding the speeding up of Mars terraforming has hit home. The question of further replication has also met with favour although this will not be broadcast here, so I’m afraid your people will have to observe that blackout until informed to the contrary. You’ll need to confirm that there are no problems at your end with an extended stay until the next mission arrives.”
The Symbiants, both present and intended, would not need to be involved in the discussion. Carvalho outlined the proposal to the humans. “Does anyone have a problem with any aspect of this?” Radmanov asked if they were ‘expected’ to undergo replication.
“No, this is a sensitive issue on both planets. Here it’s a personal choice.”
Pykonnen raised the point of Beth’s return on compassionate grounds but before any response was offered from Carvalho she said, “I am actually keen to undergo replication. As an identical twin, unlike the rest of you, I miss looking at someone else as if I was looking in the mirror. I realise this is a purely personal reason but it would make me feel as if Elke was here, and at the same time I can keep up to date with how she is really doing with Alex 2, who has so kindly allowed me a direct channel of communication.” This personal fortitude influenced the others and it was unanimously agreed to proceed.
********
Both versions of Michael Park stared in silence at one another until the original said, “I had better get you some clothes.”
Despite the Symbiant’s confusion he dressed as instructed. Park then asked, “Am I right in thinking you can protect me?”
The reply was a little slow in coming and the voice had the characteristically displaced octave at first, but then the pronouncement came. “Data organisation complete.” This time the voice was matched. “Protection from what?”
Park explained the situation and his fear of mistaken reprisal by Escobar’s men. The Symbiant affirmed that he could assist or even deputise for Michael. Feeling more relaxed Park then asked questions about the crystal deposit and the history of Scarlet O’Hara on Earth. He was flabbergasted to hear claims of several examples of interaction with different species – some now extinct, others whose promise declined. The interaction with ‘humanoids’ had occurred from several million years ago. Again promise faded until homo-sapiens emerged. Although he knew there was no possibility that the Continuance would make false claims, he still found it difficult to simply nod his head when the revelations moved to the great civilisations of the Egyptians, Greeks, Romans and Persians. It was also claimed that this was a key difference between the aforementioned and barbarians such as the Mongols and their like, they ruled only by conquest.
“So are you saying that you helped build pyramids, temples and great cities?”
“Not directly, our interaction with the Sumerian people sparked understandings of the roots of mathematics and application of abstract ideas. This was the springboard for the passage of knowledge-building through generations at an accelerated pace. The Egyptians are mostly credited with architectural construction millennia ahead of their time. Not just the scale, but the precision of certain principles of engineering. Without the subsequent availability of machinery, such as cranes or earth-moving types, they have left testimony which defies belief by contemporary experts. Our interaction with the Sumerians was brief but productive, that does not mean that humans would have failed to discover what they did. It would have taken longer.” Park asked if this was the only data he had on interaction with humans.
The reply was emphatic. “Yes, there was much geological upheaval which buried and distributed the crystal. There are many recorded cataclysmic events in your own versions of history of the planet, but not as many as actually occurred. Vast quantities were decomposed at extremely high temperatures from volcanic action. Most of the remainder went into the oceans. There have been numerous interactions with marine creatures such as whales and dolphins but they seem to have reached their limits of promise.”
Park was utterly spellbound. “Why was there no further human replication?”
“Very simply, the Sumerians deduced incorrectly that we were a threat, planning to use their considerable population by plying them with ideas, only to seize power when the time was right. Even when we explained that they could rid themselves of the Continuance without protest, and provided the means to do it, they did not trust our word. However, as you may know we have consistently said our reversion, whether accidental or enforced, would not prevent another opportunity in the future. Today is verification of that proclamation.”
Park said, “We need a name for you as you’re going to cause a stir when news of this breaks. And, more importantly, if we meet Escobar’s heavies I need you to know when I’m addressing you for help. How about Rocky? That’s where you came from.”
“Yes, then I am Rocky.”
Park acquainted Rocky with his plan to get to Beijing and that he needed to reclaim his samples from the safety deposit box. “I can’t be sure but those were the last samples I handled before you arrived. Are they the ones containing the Continuance?”
“Yes, my database confirms amorphous contact with those specific samples.”
 
Chapter 8

Mendoza’s summary of the meeting with Alex 2 was not well received. The heated discussion provoked a challenge to see if the Vatican could do any better. The usual facade was trotted out by the Cardinals. “We do not engage faithless groups directly.”
Mendoza played his strongest card. “Then you need to approach those of our faith directly. I have worked tirelessly to unite disparate catholic groups in South America yet you simply take this for granted. I’m fed up of your invisibility when the thorny problems surface. You are policy mongers; you are out of touch with your patrons, and you rely too much on the media for communication. I am seriously thinking of stepping back from my role and gifting you that legacy. You need a reality check.”
They were appalled at such brash statements and huddled while he took a comfort break. They agreed that this ripple would gather momentum if Mendoza quit and that some blood-letting may be necessary as a consequence. It was best to delegate this one upwards. Mendoza was informed that they were seeking an audience with Numero Uno to explore ways of addressing his concerns. The backpedalling was not unexpected but his response was. “Very good, I have a flight back to Caracas in three hours so I need to check out from my hotel pretty soon. I fear we may have to reconvene at another time.” Panic set in as he strode out of the room.
********
Because of the plan modification for the Newton to remain in Mars orbit until further notice, the knock-on effects had to be considered. If there was significant interest at the Rabo lair, the Ascent module would need to remain there to investigate for a lengthy period. The module was too small to take a nuclear power unit so there would be no life support or heating facility. This ruled out humans. The Symbiants did not need life support but continual exposure to the Martian temperature cycle would cause reversion to crystal in a few days unless there was a rich supply of new data, to offset the hibernation trigger. They could not be certain of such information either being there or accessible to them. It was decided that although the Symbiants did not need space suits for oxygen they could avail of the battery heat supply by wearing them. With many spare batteries and a much lower heat threshold than humans, they could survive for up to a week, without needing new data interaction, before they would have to start counting the days. Dan was selected because of his knowledge of Newton. Red was to accompany him – having the most comprehensive data on the Rabo codes.
All of the Newton crew except Pykonnen had decided to undergo replication. Radmanov had needed some coercing by the others, particularly Beth and Sophia. Pykonnen had been through the experience and saw no need to repeat. He felt it would be disrespectful to Finn. He stuck to his decision despite Finn declaring that it really made no difference to him. Carvalho had similar reservations but as Commander felt he had to lead the way. Pascal 2 monitored all procedures and he asked the females to go first, assuring them that none of the other humans would see their naked replicants. Sophia, as the medical presence, wanted to witness the process so Beth was first up.
It all went smoothly and with a heavy sprinkling of humour. There were now twenty Symbiants in total on Mars. The extra contingent having familiarised themselves with their human counterparts were to be deployed on the road building programme after being instructed by Carvalho on fitting the earth-moving modifications to the robots. This would leave the others free to continue forestation. This was welcomed as they had just reported two interesting trends. First, the extended forestation had gradually pushed up the local oxygen level during daylight hours to 0.9%, having improved from the original plantation level of 0.23%. It was still partly photosynthesis-driven and was predicted to accelerate the retained level in the thin atmosphere. Secondly, water ice and frozen carbon dioxide were showing a different ratio in and around the planted areas. Drawing on the increased oxygen rising through the atmosphere, ionising radiation helped combine this with atomic hydrogen in the middle-upper region, to form water vapour. Falling back to the surface as precipitation resulted in an increase in the water ice level. The extra Symbiants being seconded to building the road would help others push this trend forward.
Dan and Red had docked with Newton and transferred the propellant to the descent module. Dan was busy calculating separation and thrust parameters when Carvalho’s voice intruded. “My first conversation with my new Symbiant has drawn our attention to your landing site and any possibility that a large underground cavity may be vulnerable to your landing craft. I know you guys are precise with thruster calculations but ultimately you are dependent on rather crude human technology here. Are you able to scan the area for variations in the thickness of the crust? My new friend says you have that computational ability with your vision apparatus but it will only work when above the target, which of course he is not.”
Red confirmed that they may be able to determine such variation and he would monitor this while Dan controlled the descent. If, on approach, there was concern, they would move the landing target to a safe distance.
********
Isaakson and his team were working on the problems of simulating connectivity of the brain with various body functions such as the optic nerve, central nervous system, and aural vessels. In relating this to Alex 2 he met with a question, “Why?”
“If we’re going to have a unit to take over the damaged brain function while we attempt repair or treatment, it would seem to be imperative.”
“Maybe not,” said Alex 2, “the ventilator does not connect to the organs supplied by the lungs, it provides the oxygen in another way. I know this a crude example but I am stressing the option of a means rather than an end. During the process of replication I went through with Alex Redgrave, I acquired his brain structure, but as data cells. After familiarisation with humans it became obvious that the organic brain had advantages and disadvantages. In my own architecture the advantages simply did not exist. The function was, however, retained for some time to determine the downside. That was, in my case, data storage and retrieval hierarchy, in terms of both accuracy and speed. It may be worthwhile investigating connecting our ‘black box’ to the brain somehow and rerouting brain instruction and response routines through the box to see if we can recover disabled functions like speech and movement. If I can refer to my conversation with you on the sentinel cells I possess, and their direct link to 1st tier memory and each other, it could be helpful.”
Isaakson frowned then beamed. “Ah yes, the dual functions of immunity or regeneration, plus information exchange with the main registry.”
“Precisely,” said Alex 2, “insurance of knowledge retention in the event of that particular sentinel cell losing the battle, the remainder can win the war. The key may lie in having the two brains operating in parallel. One provides assistance while maintenance of the other can be investigated. Don’t forget, as well as your brain sensor equipment giving you data about malfunction locations, you may avail of human description of what symptoms the artificial one alleviates. It may be subjective, but it may also surprise you.”
Isaakson nodded slowly. “I’ll redirect the team along these lines. As you say we already have probes which can receive and decipher brain activity, so we have a way to connect the box.”
********
Michael Park’s plan was the subject of alteration; it was related to a similar shift in his confidence in his replicant. The latest strategy version, fresh from his mental doodling, was to parade the replicant as himself, and then observe from a distance. He was juggling this with a means to get the necessary level of attention, then entry to Beijing headquarters. He was also entertaining the idea of some bait for the media in return for the fortune which he had expected to receive from Escobar. He would also like some assurance that the former cocaine baron would be neutralised. This was a complicated cocktail for someone with no experience in any aspect of such an ambitious objective. He complicated it even further by deciding that he would not get past the switchboard of Beijing on his own, so he contacted his old geology professor with a plea for an introduction. His professor was on many research boards across the world and had the contacts to get in at the top. The snag was going to be how much of the plot he would have to reveal to his mentor. In discussing this with his double, who he had decided to rename Mike, to bolster the deception, he was fascinated to learn of a means for the replicants to converse without speech and no risk of eavesdropping. Park asked how this worked. Mike said it was not dissimilar in principle to mobile phones. Each replicant availed of a grid reference of crystal origin for the benefit of the Progenitors and to facilitate contact between each other at long distance.
Park stressed to Mike that he should only answer to this name when addressed that way by himself. With others he must respond to Michael, Michael Park, and Mr. Park. He asked Mike to stay put while he went to see Professor Whitworth.
As pleased as Whitworth was to see him, he was not able to grasp why high ranking people in Beijing would want to talk to him about a few rocks. Park was nervous about putting him in danger by revealing the entire preposterous story, not to mention having to share the glory. He decided to introduce Whitworth to Mike but not to disclose the whereabouts or the origin of the rock samples. He would have to come clean about Escobar to ensure Whitworth kept his mouth shut until these thugs were rounded up.

Chapter 9

As they descended to Utopia Planitia Dan was adjusting velocity and trajectory in minute steps, to give Red as much time as possible to survey the approaching surface. Their silent inter-communication or ‘technobabble’ as Carvalho called it was at the ready if Red identified anything sinister. He could detect faint regular lines at the planned coordinates, which were underground but he was also distracted by registration of a heat source at one end of the ‘sub-surface complex’. This signal intensified then faded and disappeared. The regular lines now were sharper and reflected the same shape as the screens at Valles Marineris. Red determined that they were very substantial and probably reinforcement structures to support the weight of the surface covering. The technobabble affirmed that they should avoid disturbing this area and land close to the outer edge where the heat source had been. This information was relayed to Carvalho, whose sharp intake of ‘synthetic Martian air’ belied his calm exterior. “Touchdown achieved,” said Dan. When the dust had settled, the Symbiants prepared to exit the module to locate the exact entrance point given in the Rabo screen. “Wait,” intruded the Commander, “haven’t you forgotten to suit up?”
“No, we want to conserve the batteries if we can, and a quick check of the site will not compromise our condition. We will use the suits when the subroutine Red has constructed gives us ample warning that the onset of reversion is approaching.”
“Ok, I don’t know why I bothered to ask the question. Keep us up to date as much as you can.”
********
Professor Whitworth, having recovered his composure after meeting Mike, asked Park more about how he had got involved with Escobar. The reply convinced him that such people would stop at nothing to exploit such powerful technology. “I’m not going to get involved in this. I’ll make a call to someone in Beijing who works in the science team which directs the Martian programme. I will introduce you to him and then you are on your own.” This suited Park well as he wanted this to be his breakthrough moment. He accepted Whitworth’s offer. They used the phone of Park’s absent friend as the Professor believed it was the Korean’s residence. When Whitworth handed the call to Park he left abruptly. At no time had he disclosed to his former student that enquiries had been made recently concerning his whereabouts. Since meeting Mike he knew that the danger was closer than Park realised. His offer in making the call, in his mind, had been to ensure this threat would follow the ‘twins’ to China.
“Yes, Mr. Park, I’m about to leave the office imminently. Please be brief.” Park assured him of that and asked who he was addressing.
“My name is Steven Brightwell, now could you get to the point?”
The urgency to depart ebbed away from Brightwell as the conversation moved from being considered a hoax, to having hallmarks of veracity. There were elements of Park’s story which he shouldn’t have known, as they were still classified. Park explained this as information given by the replicant. As well as making possession of the Scarlet O’Hara illegal, the composition data was not in the public domain because of fears of synthesis attempts. Alex 2 had assured Beijing it would be extremely difficult to copy, due to the finessing of the complex bonding sequences, and subsequent propagation protocols. He said this was beyond human capability at present. Brightwell took his number and asked him to expect to receive a call back within the hour. Xiang contacted Alex 2 who made the call.
“Hello, who is calling?” whispered Park.
“Beijing, our chief executive has asked me to call this number, to whom am I speaking?”
“Michael Park Sir.”
“Very well Mr. Park, let us make this an efficient conversation. You claim to have a replicant of yourself. Is he with you now?”
Park said, “Yes, but you have not told me who you are.”
“Excuse me, I am Alex 2. I may suppose you have heard of me. I am also a replicant. This will proceed much more quickly if you will allow me to speak to your replicant.”
“Jesus – Alex 2, I,I er.... will put him on right away.”
Alex 2 asked the replicant for his grid reference. Mike’s reply was in some indecipherable language.
“Thank you,” said Alex 2, “please give the phone back to your friend.”
When Park asked, “What now?” the reply was brief.
“Please replace the receiver and I will contact your replicant via his grid reference, as that is secure.” The two Symbiants conversed first in silence and then in vocal mode to include one side to Xiang and Park. “We need to get you here as soon as possible Mr. Park. The information you possess represents danger to your survival.”
“How do you know what I know?”
“Your Symbiant, as we will now refer to him, or Mike if you prefer, has all knowledge that you have of the location of the crystal and the people who employed you to find it. It was a very simple matter for me to extract that data through our grid connectivity. Now please remain where you are. I have the address from Mike’s database, and I will make arrangements to collect both of you.” In a confused state Park agreed to comply.
********
The turmoil in the Vatican was made worse by a leak from within. It was intended to alert Spanish and Portuguese Catholic Leaders exclusively, but found its way to those of other faiths – and not just religious leaders. Those at the heart of power in the Middle East could see some mileage in exploiting a schism in Catholicism. There could be mutual opportunities for the economic development of the region combined with an improved global image of Islam.
The leak was sufficiently detailed to underline concern that the Vatican had to be seen to be more in tune with worldly change, and spilled some of the private conversation between Mendoza and Alex 2. It was feared that the Symbiant’s sympathetic acceptance of personal faith and willingness to adjust his own views would win over many doubters.
The USAr leaders were encouraged to be able to refer to the historic refuge they provided for Alex 2 and Magnusson following their escape from Beijing, when the capitalist run Confederation of Nations was about to terminate them. It was perceived as a good platform to explore a progressive approach.
********
Utopia Planitia was uninspiring compared to Pandora’s Rift. Maybe the Rabo had chosen this location because it was flat and probably easier to excavate. When Dan and Red had reached the designated coordinates they were not surprised that after 2.8 million years there was no obvious entryway. They were going to have to do some excavating themselves if their theory proved invalid.
Red had ventured the idea back in Valles Marineris that the strongly focussed new laser would penetrate the accumulated dust sufficiently to illuminate the coded entry mechanism below. If that was the case it would be logical for the laser to be used as a sequence pointer for entering the code. He was not wrong; the final symbol entry was accompanied by a rumbling noise and a localised tremor as the dust began pouring through the ever widening orifice. They stepped back while the process was completed. Dan remarked that it was good that the opening was relatively small otherwise they may have been faced with excavation to reach the secondary ‘door’. Once they had descended into the space they were impressed that an array of small and different coloured screens seemed to light up the cavern. They were also pleased that the second entry test was some thirty metres to the left and unobstructed. Dan updated Carvalho on their progress.
The second challenge was exactly that, not a simple entry of symbols. The laser brought up a value which in turn led to fifty-five other values arranged in a circle around the first one. Red was cautious about casually choosing by trial and error in case there was a cut-off mechanism which would subsequently block any further attempt. While Dan described the large antechamber to the awaiting crew, Red set about evaluating the individual options. Dan reported the artificial lighting which may have been triggered by exposure to natural sunlight or the laser pulse. The walls of the chamber were covered with inscriptions and diagrams which he said could be a map of the complex. He had also noted that there was a difference in temperature. Outside it was around minus 6 degrees Celsius whereas inside it was minus one and dropping as the ‘air’ equilibrated with the inrushing atmosphere. “I believe we need to return to the module for a gas analyser before we go through into the second chamber. It is possible that the temperature in here was above zero before we entered. In any case it may take Red some time to defeat this puzzle.”
Red chimed in that it would not take too long as he had already discovered the principle and would have worked out the sequence before Dan returned.
********
Mike was sitting watching TV as Park’s friend returned home. “What the hell are.....?” He stopped as Park exited the bathroom and never quite got started again.
“I can explain Rick……I mean about entering your house. My twin brother is here on a short vacation and we came to look you up before he goes home. It’s been a while but I have told him so much about you. Where have you been?”
Rick Traori was unconvinced. “I’ve been staying over at my girlfriend’s apartment. You never mentioned you had a brother, never mind a twin. How long have you been here?”
“Not long,” lied Park, “we’re expecting our friends to pick us up anytime. Do I know this girlfriend?”
“I don’t think so. She’s from Florence. Does he speak English or only Korean?”
Park made the error unconsciously. “Sorry, this is Mike – of course he speaks English. Mike, meet the guy I have been telling you about – Richard Traori.”
Traori frowned. “What do you mean, Mike? You are Mike.”
‘Shit’, thought Park, ‘that was dumb’. Mike, however, came to the rescue. Park had not realised that his replicant would be fluent in Korean. He spoke to Park in his native language then turned to Rick and smiled. “He’s our hero back home and when he told the family to write to ‘Michael J Park’ in future - as he had changed his name - my mother started to call us Michael and Mike, twins with a small difference. Believe me it will be less confusing than my Korean name.” They laughed and Park was temporarily off the hook.

Chapter 10

Beth Eisentrager was feeling better; not only because of the presence of her Symbiant – Bee (she resisted the emotional urge to refer to her as Elke), but the news from Alex 2 was promising. Isaakson had a prototype ‘brain in a box’ to begin experiments with laboratory rats. As it was a totally artificial piece of kit she was able to understand the principles clearly, even though her expertise was in the software side of computing. If the experiments were successful they would be scaled up to reflect statistical reliability and then checked with humans. The road-building programme in which Bee was involved was progressing slowly but effectively and they were able to meet up frequently. She couldn’t travel to see Bee alone and Jussi Pykonnen was her constant companion. She had felt the need at one stage to tell him that although she appreciated his caring presence, she needed her own space. He acknowledged this and assured her that he would just be there when needed. She smiled, knowing that the situation was preventing her from expressing her own feelings.
The forestation effort was truly astounding; the progress in pushing up oxygen levels and the minute but significant collection of water ice had spurred on the programme. The continuous plant replication had however consumed more than half of the known resource of Scarlet O’Hara. This was a concern and demanded discussion with Beijing. Carvalho was to couple this discussion with the need for improved infrastructure, and when it was to be shipped to Mars. They had, with the help of the Symbiants, improvised in many situations, but real progress still largely depended on importing from Earth. Manufacturing of basic needs and tools had to be considered in order to turn the current oasis into a budding ‘civilisation’.
********
When Dan returned with the analyser the temperature in the antechamber was minus 3 degrees, confirming that it may have been above zero prior to diffusion with the outside atmosphere. Red was ready. The symbols were randomly scattered around the circle, but when listed in a column and then overlaid with various grids he was sure they were values of the original parabola they had encountered at Pandora’s Rift. He was confident that the circle was suggesting that it did not matter whether the first symbol to be entered was the maximum positive or negative value of ‘y’, as long as the sequence went from one to the other. “This is simply the means to break the circle.” He did not even entertain the possibility of being wrong. “I am ready when you are.”
Dan reminded him that there was no requirement for them to address each other in voice mode. Red put it down to temporary over-concentration on the puzzle. The technobabble resumed and they agreed that when they gained entry it was important to close the ‘door’ quickly to properly evaluate the composition of the internal ‘air’ and get a more accurate temperature reading. Red also took onboard Dan’s query as to whether the start of the sequence may be a pair of opposites, such as opening and closing the door. Red said he would therefore input the symbols in a clockwise direction.
The large metallic looking door moved quietly to their left. They entered and Red input the sequence in the anti-clockwise version. The inner chamber was sealed. More screen lighting came on. It was distinctly warmer. There was also a hissing sound. The analyser was registering a changing composition. Oxygen level was rising, as was nitrogen, and as a consequence carbon dioxide was falling. There were traces of helium and argon. They decided to do nothing until the composition readings were steady. After about 22 minutes the steady composition triggered a circulation device of some kind through a port from another chamber. The final ratio of gases was oxygen 9.9%, nitrogen 61.3%, carbon dioxide 27.4%, argon 1.1% and helium 0.3%.
This was much more like Earth’s atmosphere than that of Mars. This report went to the waiting crew and the reaction was muted while they recalled that the Earth’s composition as roughly oxygen 21%, nitrogen 78%, carbon dioxide 0.03% and Argon 0.93%.
Speculation began as to how this would relate to the physical form of the Rabo. The discussion was punctuated by updates from Dan, regarding more inscriptions, and the news that the Symbiants were confused by an instruction to undergo decontamination, but they could find no information on how to achieve this. Pascal 2 urged caution before proceeding to the next chamber as this warning may have meant that the Rabo were vulnerable to some microorganism of Martian origin. The next door appeared to be operated by a simple laser focus on the receiver pad. They decided to think about this for a while before opening the door.
********
When the black Mercedes arrived for Park and Mike it struck Rick as strange. There was no taxi livery, the windows were blacked out and the ‘chauffeur’ was not trying to conceal the bulge around his waist, which looked like a holster. His suspicions grew when the man encouraged the ‘Korean’ duo to make haste with the goodbyes, as time was of the essence.
When they had gone Rick did a redial on his phone and was met with options for the various departments and services of Beijing headquarters. It was two days later when he answered the door to Professor Whitworth and two extremely large and unpleasant looking ‘gentlemen’. The fear was tangible in Whitworth’s body language. He knew he had erred big time by trying to direct them to this address. Rick was pushed back into the house and given the short version of the consequences of non-cooperation. He frantically thought of how he could make himself indispensable for at least the very near future. He had to convince them that he had knowledge that they needed, an option which had expired for Whitworth. Rick listened very carefully to every word, to separate what they did know from what they did not. He definitely did not want them to know that some officials had whisked Park and his brother away to some safe location. ‘That’s it,’ he thought, ‘his twin!’
“They didn’t say where they were going or what time they would be back. They went out for something to eat and call on some other old friends, more geology pals, other side of.......”
The ‘Alpha’ member of the interrogators stopped him. “They? What do you mean, they?”
“Well, him and his twin brother from Korea. He is here on holiday.”
“And you are expecting them back tonight?”
Rick nodded. “You didn’t know about his brother, eh? It’s difficult to tell them apart even when they are together.” He hoped this would register. It did, but it also meant the end of the line for Whitworth. ‘Alpha’ motioned to his assistant to take the professor and move their car so as not to alert the returning quarry to the welcome they could expect. “So you can tell them apart?”
“Yes I can but it takes a while to be certain, and it’s impossible when they aren’t together.”
When the second guy arrived back the two of them conferred about the possibility that they had already been spotted by Park and whether he had evaporated again. ‘Alpha’ asked Rick if he had a mobile number for Park. “Yes, it was switched off earlier; but I can try it again.”
“Do it”
“It’s still switched off.” He offered the handset to both of them; it was declined. They said they would wait another two hours and if Park hadn’t returned by then, Rick would have to come with them.
********
The rift between Mendoza and the Vatican had widened and his latest salvo through the media targeted Rome as a colony. When asked to elaborate, he said that it copied one of nature’s wonders. All effort was to feed and protect the Queen and her spawning of new generations of mouths to satisfy. He then suggested this was where the similarity ended and the divergence began. “Nature’s colonies have a clear survival agenda and the individuals are completely onboard. The ratio of workers to drones is critical. Our colony has a hazy agenda, is mistrusted by the individuals, and is overpopulated with drones who slavishly extol the ‘virtues’ which keep them in office.”
This vitriolic sarcasm was not intended to be deniable - Mendoza wanted people to see him deliver the exact wording of the assault. It split communities of Catholics in Europe and was broadly supported in South America. The Vatican performed its well-worn withdrawal from washing dirty linen in public. Nonetheless the ranks were straining to remain completely cohesive in the face of burgeoning unrest. The anxiety was brought into sharper focus with The USAr leaders and senior Islamic clerics being willing to debate ways to harmonise religious and economic objectives.
The policy of the USAr had been clear for many years - to break into the big four world power elite. Considerable progress had been made in investing in the infrastructure of many countries, which gave them indirect demographic influence. This, alongside internal sponsorship of a renaissance in science and art, brought the region to the brink of inclusion in the five most powerful representatives of global policy. The opportunity to parade religious accord together with the economic muscle was too important to miss. They never imagined they would be presented with this opening by clergy of their fiercest rival.
********
Dan and Red had concluded that there may be a risk from the decontamination process which was worse than that which any 2.8 million year old microbes would present, especially as the chambers had been sealed. Pascal 2 agreed, and they employed the laser once more. When this door opened, a translucent blue-green film appeared to be stretched across the opening. It had to be the decontamination screen. There was no observable means of deactivating it. Having argued that this could be harmful, the risk confronted them for a second time. Peering through the film revealed what appeared to be machines with pulses of violet light emissions at irregular intervals. They played around with the laser on some of these objects, the beam travelling through the aquamarine film. There was no response. Dan retreated to the antechamber and retrieved a thin piece of wedge shaped rock. He used it to scrape then pound the film. Finally, he used his considerable strength to hurl it at the barrier; it had no effect.
The technobabble was an admission of how unscientific this was. The film showed no evidence of impact. Red resumed focussing the laser on other objects (as the film allowed passage of the beam) without success. They turned their attention back to the inscription which had alerted them to the decontamination requirement. Red then noticed that the final symbol was not like those in the actual text but similar to one at the end of all the other inscriptions. Similar, yet not identical. Then it dawned on them. They could be signatures, seals of authority, by individuals responsible for the particular declaration. The renewed technobabble produced the possibility that the solution could be simple yet elegant. Red setup an internal subroutine, so that his application of the laser trace to copy the author’s symbol would be accomplished with absolute precision. The outline was projected on to, and through the film.
The screen disappeared. The feedback to Carvalho and the crew had them on the edge of their low gravity seats. Examination of the violet pulses indicated they were violet crystals being intermittently lit. The crystals were easily removed and Red thought that the housing arrangement was more typical of direct current than alternating current supply. Whether the pulsing was highlighting an operational function or a malfunction remained an open possibility but removal of one did not affect the others.
Carvalho was feeding the information to Xiang as it arrived. There was no response or interference from Beijing, suggesting that they were as spellbound as the crew.

Chapter 11

Since Rick Traori knew that Park would not be back at all, he had to start thinking of where these disreputable captors may take him. He was visibly shaken when they tempted him by claiming Park was working on finding certain geological samples for them and had obviously reneged on the agreement. Rick put his hands up in protest, then over his ears, shouting, “I don’t know anything about it and I don’t want to. All I can offer you guys is my ability of picking him out from his brother. If he has let you down - and I can see you are pretty angry - take it out on him. I’m pissed off with him coming here uninvited and not levelling with me.” The sincerity in Rick’s voice came through, primarily as he had genuinely bought the deception about Mike. To his astonishment ‘Alpha’ whispered something to the underling and a mobile call was made, the result of which was a severe warning that they would either be coming back to take up his offer of picking out Park from the two man line up, or to ‘reprimand’ him for divulging any of this. Their flying visit had never taken place. “The professor unfortunately did not grasp the level of dedication we have to this project. I implore you not to make the same mistake.”
 Then they were gone. Rick’s relief lasted until the morning news. Professor Whitworth’s body had been discovered beneath a bridge over a railway line. The police were not at this stage saying whether they were treating the death as suspicious.
********
The inner chamber yielded the same atmosphere composition and the temperature was fractionally above zero. The machines did not have an obvious purpose, nor did they seem to be performing a function but it was assumed for now that the violet pulses indicated that they were not defunct. Dan brought Red’s attention to what looked like a plaque on the wall behind a plinth or podium or seat. All of the inscriptions had stylised ‘author symbols’ whereas the plaque was three dimensional and had several coloured crystals set in the central cartouche, which was parabola-shaped. There were fifty-five crystals. Red, orange, yellow, green and colourless were noted. The shapes were a mix of roughly and actually triangular, and were currently arranged in the cartouche indiscriminately by colour. There appeared to be five discrete triangular areas which were themselves made up of eleven smaller triangles.
The first clue was that the roughly triangular ones bordered the parabola and the others made up the straight line intersections. The colourless ones did not have any rounded edges. Red was on to it. The colourless ones were to go in the centre and the others around them. He then guessed that the rest could be ordered by the sequence of white light being split up into its spectral constituents. He tried yellow followed by green, orange then red. When nothing happened he remembered to use the laser. The coloured crystals seemed to pour their chromatic character into the colourless ones and this triggered all of the ‘machines’ to open. The machines were in fact sarcophagi and they caught their first glimpse of the Rabo.
********
When the Park twins arrived in Beijing they were hastily ushered to a private office for questioning. Alex 2 and Xiang arrived within ten minutes and asked them to sit. Park was about to speak when Xiang held up his hand. “Our two Symbiants are talking, it shouldn’t take too long, I will arrange for coffee.” As Xiang was ordering the refreshments Park whispered, “What are Symbiants?” Xiang quietly assured him that it was a term of recognition of their mutually beneficial relationship with humans. “Alex 2 is merely downloading data from – its Mike, isn’t it? He’ll soon have all the information which Mike has acquired from you; it saves a lot of time and bullshit.” Park looked a little less comfortable than he was ten minutes ago.
“Well,” said Alex 2 as the coffee arrived, “enjoy your refreshment and we can begin.” When the coffee lady had left the room Alex 2 began again. “You have unearthed more than you bargained for, both in terms of the implications for your species and your own safety. It is necessary for you to remain here while the rest of us retire to another office to update Mr. Xiang and allow Mike to familiarise himself with the current protocols of our relationship with humans. This will take 15-20 minutes. I suggest you begin contemplating abandoning your mercenary goals and settling for life in Beijing for the foreseeable future.”
As he sat alone Park visualised his dreams in flames and the rest of his life as a fugitive. He realised that all of the bargaining power he thought he had with Beijing and Escobar was no more than self-delusion. Frantic trawling of the events of the last two weeks did nothing but confirm the one-way street he was now on. His agile brain moved to where this could take him, not exactly to ‘go with the flow’, but maximise the inevitable. He was calmer when they returned.
When Xiang had been fully apprised of events he shook his head wistfully. “On top of everything else we now have to decide how to acquaint the populous with the probability of their ancestry already having been ‘modified’ by the Continuance. The conspiracy theorists are going to have a field day, and all of the Escobars on the planet are going to enter the fray. However, we must first deal with Park in order to cut off the exposure threat. Even Beijing will become unsafe once we have to go public, and his lookalike will be targeted.”
Alex 2 said that the vulnerability with Mike had been partially neutralised by asking him to delete knowledge of the location of his origin in Saskatchewan, his replication with Park and the rocks in the safety deposit box. He was to retain all other knowledge from Park so he could be an effective decoy.
********
Dan and Red had navigated the chambers and corridors of the complex, and confirmed Red’s intimation in the hovering descent module, it was parabola shaped. They had moved through from the ‘burial chamber’ to museums with artefacts, libraries containing details of the Rabo’s history and culture, and an ‘operations room’ with a road map of their exodus from 55 Cancri to various outposts including this one. The reasons for abandoning Mars were covered and there was an unknown retreat to which they fell back. The Symbiants eventually completed the curve and arrived back at the antechamber. The descriptive content was transmitted to Marineris Central with the concluding recommendation that the road link to Utopia Planitia was a priority. When Carvalho queried this with Dan the reply flicked a switch in the mind of the Commander. “The museum contains references to their propulsion techniques which are far beyond anything you have even contemplated yet.”
The tour had been necessary to begin to explain some of their observations with the deceased. There was quite a difference in size of the occupants, from something like the volume of a domestic cat to that of a horse. However, they all resembled hybrids between true bipeds and marsupials in both shape and posture. They were not furry in their sarcophagi or the visual representations in the libraries, they were scaly. Red’s vision apparatus also confirmed they were vertebrates with what seemed to be a central spinal nerve system. The hands had two fingers with an opposing thumb. The fingers, unlike the human variety terminated with a myriad of tiny suckers. The head was almost a perfect ellipse, with two really large eyes, small ear lobes and a long protruding jawbone. Red’s invasive vision highlighted a truly perfect white sphere inside the head. The feet were totally different to the hands, being large pads. Red remembered something in the medical diagrams in the library about the function of the sphere, and access to it. He left Dan to relate all this to the transfixed crew while he retrieved the information on the sphere in more detail. When he returned he performed a twisting and turning motion as if he was using a combination to open a safe. The head lifted off and revealed a hinging mechanism which gave access to the sphere. He carefully extracted it by several disconnections from the spinal column and the ‘organs’ in the head itself. It was indeed a perfect bright, smooth mini-bowling ball with blue and violet veins running all over the surface. It was extraordinarily heavy for an object of this size.
He explained to Dan that the archive data on their physiological development stated that it had been enforced. The gravitational effects of the three gas giants in the 55 Cancri System caused their homeworld to gradually lose atmosphere and inherit excessive levels of radiation. They had to begin living underground and modify their bodies to venture out into the ‘sun’ to operate technical and agricultural machinery. The scales which covered them were an example of genetic engineering. The sphere was one of supplanting a natural organ by a synthetic one. Their original ‘brain’ was losing the war of attrition with the radiation resulting in generations of mortality and mutation. The sphere gave them time to develop the means to escape their planet and their solar system.
Red explained in silent mode the fascination the species had with the number five. The spheres had to be ‘serviced’ every five years to purge them of social regression in order to keep focus on their space programme. They were changed after ten such cycles (55 years) to ones with greater capacity, required for the move to their first new world colony. Five hundred and fifty-five years was their lifespan, at that point the sphere would be decommissioned and replaced by one with basic features, but higher potential than the discarded one. On the face of it, a ludicrous practice until the underpinning logic was elucidated. With all research effort concentrated on the brain it was discovered too late that the same radiation had caused planet-wide infertility. It was a species killer in one generation. As progress was made to artificial intelligence a dichotomy emerged, a trade-off between ‘everlasting life’ and emotional balance. The five hundred and fifty-five years was to emulate death and procreation. It was long enough to ensure continuity and then offer a ‘child’ in their place. The sphere was fitted to the ‘chassis’ and tuned in, then the chassis itself was replaced with one to match the emotional maturity of the brain. The two steps were simply to ‘run in’ the new brain for a few miles. The new bodies were genetically engineered to last the 555 years with some elements of growing old built in.
This curiously bizarre yet sympathetic finite existence was gradually accepted into the culture and was in existence when they arrived on Mars. The sudden disappearance from this planet was down to an explosion of bacteria and viruses toward the end of their three thousand year stay. Their records did not contain a reason for this flourishing of the infinitesimal, only the repeated efforts to contain them. As they had virtually replaced themselves with inorganic and organometallic constituents, the little monsters had no precedent in their recent medical history. They bemoaned this second era of being too late with research. They had to flee from Mars and only left behind those beyond help in the sarcophagi.
The mood in Marineris Central had changed from elated to morose; it was not only Carvalho who connected this tragedy with the situation facing humanity; and the reason for them being here in the first place.
 
Chapter 12

The USAr was poised to join the elite. They had set up a delegation to meet with top level representatives of the Council for Human Exploration plus high ranking government officials from the big four. They had also set the agenda.
For a long time Islamic faith had been strong enough to help conceal the poverty gap in the Middle East. Global communication technology had steadily eroded this protective shell, allowing citizens to judge for themselves how bad this disease called Western Capitalism really was. More to the point, there was challenge to the accepted fate of needing to be poor to be pure. The ruling class knew long before they had to act that this crossroads was unavoidable.
They wanted to set an example, a model by which the fledgling meritocracy could be assisted, spreading outward to eclipse the era of individual and corporate avarice. They also drove in the wedge of religious compromise. If the strength of Islam could be a fundamental cornerstone in revaluation of how, and not where, humanity achieves this cohesion, it would surely motivate other major geographic and trading blocks to galvanise their energy to the common ‘cleansing’ of objectives. This pawn in an extremely cluttered chessboard was timed to perfection. Seduction is most successful when it taps the heart and the head simultaneously. Whether it is created out of altruism or necessity is less important if it is genuine.
It was an incredible step forward into the unknown for the Islamic clerics, who had to take a hell of a lot on trust from their own government let alone those of the infidel. One question loomed large for the big four government messengers. “What is the price?”
The USAr delegation responded, “What is the price of not taking this seriously?” Everyone knew the price, and if the USAr merely worked as the only economic block with the Council for Human Exploration to find a way through the science/religion morass there would be four red faces, not five. Roberto Xiang tabled the proposal officially, as Beijing had hosted this meeting of the minds, and the onus was on the representatives of China, India, Russia and USA to respond.
********
Rick Traori, when weighing up his options, including an anticipated chat with the police about Professor Whitworth, finally connected the dots. His redial of Park’s call getting through to Beijing HQ had to be related to the black Mercedes picking them up; it had to be significant. He figured he had nothing to lose; he dialled the number again. He could not have guessed the phone would be bugged even though he was amazed that Escobar’s thugs had let him off lightly. They had been on hand to fix the phone as soon as he left the house, which he did frequently.
They were surprised when they heard him ask the Beijing exchange to put him through to whoever was responsible for the visit of Michael J Park and his brother Mike. The receptionist asked who was calling and Rick replied it was someone who this host in their H.Q. would be desperate to speak to, names could wait. “I’m sorry Sir; we have no Mr. Park on the visitors list. There must be a mistake.”
“There is no mistake, you just don’t know about it. I think you had better start with the top man and work down. You’ll risk his wrath if you do not alert him to my call. I’ll hold.” After only three minutes a voice came on the line.
“What makes you think we have a Mr. Park here?”
“I know you have him there and you need to know there are seriously heavy enforcers desperate to get their hands on him. They have already killed our old University professor and I’m only alive because they know I can tell Park from his twin brother. I need to get out of here. We need each other’s help.”
Xiang hesitated. “I can see that you need help but I don’t know who you are or what help you could be to us.”
“My name is Rick Traori and if you check this with Michael he’ll confirm he was at my house when your people picked him up. He’ll also confirm Professor Whitworth’s involvement but maybe doesn’t know of his premature demise.” Xiang said he would look in to this and he should remain by the phone until he could verify the claims.
“No, I’m heading for Beijing now under my own steam; I don’t have the luxury of time. When I get to Beijing I’ll contact you again. Can I have a name?” Xiang did not want that. “I will give you a number.” Rick gathered his essentials and left for the airport. He made it, but in the company of ‘Alpha’ and friend.
********
Xiang was reflecting on recent events and how they had conspired to make chaos out of order. He needed to make Alex 2 aware of this last conversation and found his frustration building as he knew the Symbiant would simply take in the ‘data’, rationalise it and exhibit an unruffled persona, concurrent with some eminently sensible recommendation. The trouble was, even if the recommendation was insightful, he - Xiang - would have the anxiety and endless paperwork to deal with. The prospect of replicating himself didn’t seem like a bad idea at this precise moment. At least this thought restored some good humour to his creaking command of self-discipline.
Alex 2 predictably looked for the positives. “It is better to have this man here than out there making things more complicated. We can use Mike as his first contact. We really must decide what to do about Mr. Park, until we can convince Escobar – directly or indirectly - that he cannot succeed.”
Xiang doubted whether Alex 2 had sufficient experience with the likes of Escobar to differentiate between a clever adversary and one who was merely ruthless. “I’m afraid this man will not just go away because the going gets tough. He has faced death and threats to his entire family from an early age. For him, these things come with the territory. He draws his endurance from the belief that the other guy is weaker than himself. Anything else is unthinkable.” Xiang was not sure whether Alex 2 conceding his paucity of worldly knowledge was a good thing, at least it spawned a shift of thinking, and the Symbiant suggested the safest place for Park was Mars. “He is a geologist; let us at least put him into the training group and keep him separated from Mike for now.”
Xiang asked how they would explain his sudden presence, and Alex 2 remarked that Park was totally reliant on them, and a change of identity would not be needed, as he still had his Korean papers with his natural given name. His inclusion would be as a reservist. His geology expertise meant he could also be used in mission control. It would be perceived as responsible backup. Park would be instructed to play the game. Xiang eventually accepted that this may be easier to control than having him secretly isolated and the attendant questions it might raise. “Hiding something in the open? Yeah – that might actually work. I’ll take care of him. Can you take Mike under your wing as we have to avoid people here ‘seeing double’.”
“I already have something in mind for him.”
********
Dan reported to Carvalho that there was sufficient data supply to keep them there. And anyway, the temperature in the complex was not low enough to trigger reversion. “We need to discover where the heat source is and what principle is involved in its functionality. We have detected two more pulses of heat since we landed, but the coordinates are different and when we get there we cannot identify anything which would explain the pulse.”
They assumed from the descriptive history that the smaller corpses were the ‘manufactured’ children. One volume they found was a kind of star chart but expressed in values rather than diagrammatic form. Red’s assumption that the reference on the screen in Pandora’s Rift, to a source of material being a 55 light year round trip away would be of significance, was not correct. This number 55 was a coincidence. It was the best source of the material, no more. The same volume however described larger settlements of the Rabo in other locations. These were slightly earlier than the Martian one, and may have indicated that the Rabo had not found their perfect new residence at the time they visited Mars and Earth. Red came to this conclusion because of their decision to avoid interfering with Earth’s evolution despite the fact that the atmosphere was more suited to their needs. The closest additional colony was in the star system Epsilon Eridani. Earth astronomers had predicted at the turn of the century that there were two Jupiter class planets in the system. The innermost, according to the Rabo, had a moon of similar mass to Earth, and a thin but workable atmosphere. It was cold and they built their now familiar underground structures which tapped geothermal energy to survive. This was 10.5 light years from Mars. The second closest was 20 light years distance in the Libra constellation, in a star system known as Gliese. Planet 581d was in 2009 deemed to be within the habitable zone by Earth astronomers and capable of sustaining water in liquid form. Its mass was thought to be nearly 8 times that of Earth. The Rabo had not described these planetary bodies in the same way Earth scientists did and the information was at least 2.8 million years old. Red thought that changes caused by impacts, atmosphere trends and radiation may have affected the Rabo in the intervening period.
The excitement was gradually turning to sadness. Here was a race which had made herculean efforts to survive cosmic cruelty and at the same time respected embryonic intelligence in our solar system. The prognosis of their longevity was further downgraded when Red interpreted a section related to an unsuccessful attempt to colonise Jupiter’s moon - Ganymede. The presence of a magnetic field had raised their hopes but the inability to find stability in the under surface crust caused them to abandon the project.
When this scenario was transmitted in its entirety to Beijing it was perceived by Xiang as another string to the bow of the creationists. If a ‘super’ species like this could not make it how would humans ever succeed? It was not intended!!! Although there was no proof of their demise, it was argued that the SETI programme or their own monitoring of our source of radio waves would have resulted in some signal of survival.
There was much more data to be assimilated at Utopia Planitia. Red continued on this task while Dan investigated the heat source more methodically. He found a well-disguised descent into a basement facility. A small nuclear fusion device was connected to a distribution and control system. The principle was not unlike that of an Earth prototype. Fusion of deuterium with tritium formed helium 4 plus a neutron, and in the process released 17MeV of energy. It had apparently been triggered by the breach of the antechamber. How was it still operational after all this time? Still more difficult to explain was the adjoining unit which was seemingly responsible for producing and maintaining their life support. Sequestering nitrogen from the Martian atmosphere was impressive but oxygen extraction in the ratios involved did not add up. The missing part of the equation might be whatever the Rabo exhaled. Dan had to think more on this. He had even more to think about when he came across a tunnel at the end of which was another entry way. It opened into a manufacturing type hall. This was a less grandiose version of the main complex and had its own small exit, which indicated it led to the surface. Dan told Red he was going to attempt to open it, and he noticed a peep hole which seemed to be letting in a very obscure light. He found a diagram in a recess in the wall. It was a set of levers, four longer and four shorter ones. It formed a simple tetrahedron but he needed the laser to complete the task. When he retrieved it from Red and opened the hatch he backed away as a precaution, but was astonished to find there was no inrush of soil or evidence of any build up outside. Further examination of the outside of the door showed the same opening code requirement as for the antechamber. This suggested that exiting this way demanded lower knowledge or rank than entering.
The more intriguing aspect however was the apparent time difference between the last instance this door was used and the one at the main entrance.

Chapter 13

Following Isaakson’s success with a rudimentary box to chart and detour cerebral messages with healthy and afflicted rats, he was pondering the transfer to humans. He had heard the news from Mars and pestered Alex 2 for more details on the spheres. “That is a much more sophisticated interface than we have to develop; it is way ahead of where we need to be right now. You must believe me Dr. Isaakson, your zeal is admirable but it is the bedrock of shunting human brain signals to a bypass that we are in dire need of at this juncture.”
Alex 2 was beginning to wonder if Isaakson was more bombast than scientific substance. He was then pleasantly surprised when he received proposals passed through Isaakson from one of his team. Agglomerated stem cells had been programmed to function in a similar way to the neocortex in attracting certain signals. It was designed to act as a miniature set of traffic lights to enable its bridge between the hippocampus and the patient’s neocortex. It regulated the flow to approach a match to the respective pulsing of those tissues of the individual. Alex 2 wasted no time in endorsing this research path and asked to be present at the trials. This recognition effectively restored Isaakson’s view of his own contribution without prompting him to validate his assistant’s ‘brainchild’.
********
When Rick and the Blues Brothers got to Beijing, with the hastily acquired paperwork, they rehearsed the plan. They needed to somehow get Park isolated during Rick’s verification process by Xiang’s people. They had not really given this sufficient attention because haste had seemed to be the defining parameter before boarding the aircraft. They need not have worried. When Rick contacted Xiang as promised, he barely had time to introduce himself when he was instructed to make his way to the main public library and be there in one hour. “Michael Park will meet you there to confirm you are who you say you are. We cannot allow you to come in here until that has been accomplished. When he contacts us to clear you for processing through security, I will meet you both.”
“Oh, er, ok,” stuttered Rick. When he explained this to his babysitters they were surprised but relieved. When he met ‘Park’ in the library and introduced the men in black the Korean put up his hands in a ‘no way’ gesture but followed Alex 2’s instruction to be compliant with any situation while they communicated via technobabble. Alex 2 had not known that the heavies would be there and the trio still did not know they were talking to Mike.
********
The mini-summit meeting of the big four to discuss the USAr proposal was predictably bound by caution. On the other hand there was already a public clamour for more tolerance between religious doctrine and science advance. People were tired of the old platitudes being trotted out, and urged politicians to foster a more porous membrane for ideas on both sides, to help shape a balanced approach to the colonisation programme. After many hours and a few mealy-mouthed concessionary counter-proposals, the Indian representative called for vision and strength of conviction. “We need this inclusiveness – have you forgotten that the Confederation of Nations dissolved because of inability to distinguish between government and control. It should not be a problem for a nation outside this forum to indirectly highlight our insular thinking. The population recognises it. I cannot endorse any proposal which falls short of accepting the pioneering offered by the USAr.”
The meeting was in danger of impasse, then fragmentation. The decisive swing was due to the Russian input that the inclusion of the Middle East was inevitable. “The definition of the USAr as the Arab world is a convenient delusion. Their financial tentacles are global and that correlates to influence. We should see this as their entry fee to join us early. It will happen sometime. The offer on the table now is mutually optimal.”
The Chinese representative was fishing for something short of complete acceptance and tabled a period of probation. This was demolished as worse than a rebuttal. The American was next to fall, demanding that Israel’s predicament would be a counter-requirement. The momentum was clear; the rest was tidying up of the wording of the accord.
********
When Dan returned to the antechamber via the surface he came across an unusually large flat parabolic raised area. It was covered in a light layer of dust and was about a quarter of the way from the basement exit to the main entrance. Having swept away the dirt he encountered a massive metallic plate. The obligatory laser was employed to make visible over five thousand symbols arranged in chronological lines and columns.
He called for Red to come and look at what he said appeared to be names or numbers and dates. They agreed after some discussion that they were indeed dates and the symbols on the same line were names or numbers relating to maintenance checks. The last of these dates was 552 years ago and the first was 2.8 million years ago. The number of entries was 5043 and the interval was that familiar 555 years.
Red silently informed Dan that something had been troubling him about the Rabo dates on all the inscriptions here and back at the Rift. In his thirst for more and more information neither he nor anyone else had asked a rather obvious question. With all of the complicated codes and symbol interpretation, why were all of the dates expressed in Earth periods? Why not 55 Cancri, Epsilon Eridani, or Gliese? Even Mars had a different orbital period to Earth.
Now it seemed glaringly obvious, but Red was not comfortable with speculation without some corroborating evidence. He suggested that they both went back to the libraries and searched for information to strengthen or dismiss his theory. Until that was done they would not inform Carvalho.
********
Isaakson reported a breakthrough. Preliminary tests on humans with mild and initial symptoms of memory malfunction had responded well. The results were statistically significant enough to get started on miniaturising the box to be ‘wearable’. The more severe cases were showing mixed results and those with advanced memory loss were not responding as yet, but the prototype had recently been modified to boost the return part of the signal in conjunction with a more effective neuron protector than APP. The good news for Beth was that Elke was included in the group who had responded and she was hoping to send her sister a message in the near future. This news transformed Beth’s emotional discipline, she began to think about her own life plans again and the ‘force field’ she had erected towards Jussi Pykonnen was lowered. Celebrations went on into the night in the red dome.
More Symbiants were redeployed to the road-building and the humans had to assist in the forestation at the expense of their normal duties.
********
After hours of scanning anything resembling maintenance data, Red located an entry by an apparently high ranking individual to a ‘caretaker’. Refocusing on this link answered the unasked question. After all of their endeavour to find a permanent home, the Rabo had gradually become disillusioned with their cosmic-tumbleweed existence. Internal differences began to emerge and this may have explained the earlier reported purging of the sphere ritual. Many contested the fabulous technical achievement if it delivered no other purpose. The chilling revelation that they had not encountered any other planet, with similar prospects of sentience, was the backdrop to the disaffection with endless adherence to this forlorn mission of hope. There had been some fleeting consideration of settling on Earth, but this was rejected on moral grounds. Interference with the emerging explosion of intelligent life was not why they left their homeworld. The opportunity to observe from Mars, until a species demonstrated the ability to overcome the gravitational anchor of the Earth, was why they had remained on the red planet.
Two factors had finally brought this to an end. The first was the aforementioned bacterial/viral invasion, and the second was the slower than expected emergence of human capability. The result of all this was the legacy of their presence and to preserve that as long as possible. The subsequent revelation caused the two Symbiants to look at one another in disbelief. The division of those wanting to fulfill their objective, from those wanting to end it, was agreed. The exodus back to the earlier settlement took place, with the caveat that individuals who elected for decommissioning of the sphere had a choice. The existence simply ended and the chassis was destroyed or they could replace the outgoing one with a version which would terminate randomly around the seemingly sacred 555 years. This option was accompanied by volunteering to be a caretaker. This duty was not a burden; it was a final pilgrimage to Mars to ensure the evidence of their existence would live on. There was a stipulation that they had to be medically fit for such a journey and thus it had to be at least 55 years before the expiry range. There was a long list of such volunteers and they came in groups to achieve the servicing of the heating and atmosphere systems as well as updating the libraries. This explained a few things. They were short stays and therefore required small amounts of oxygen which they brought with them. Replacement of nuclear components was also covered.
Red had closure with the notation of the times being recorded in years. This species had become lonely enough in their primary quest to commission the maintenance of a ‘shrine’ in order to help any intellectually gifted Earthlings improve their knowledge of the Cosmos. The last recorded visit of caretakers also suggested that there would be another visit in three years. But why had there been no contact?
Dan had also extracted some new information on propulsion which would confirm that certain Earth theorists had made valid predictions, which had not been explored in a practical way, because of the ludicrous energy requirement by any known means. It did not receive the same kind of scepticism now that the Rabo had travelled 41 light years from 55 Cancri. The basic principle was not really in dispute, it was how to achieve it. It did mean bending the laws of physics, but not breaking them. The hypothesis was first proposed by Michael Alcubierre toward the end of the twentieth century. It had to be accepted as valid that at the time of the Big Bang that space fabric was predicted to move faster than light to explain the expansion rate of the universe. The chance of emulating this wonder is dependent on shrinking the eleventh dimension behind the spaceship to the point where it creates a bubble of dark energy. The ship itself does not move; it is space which contorts to accommodate the release of energy. This is where the next stumbling block appears. The energy estimate to change the dimension was about the same as converting the entire mass of Jupiter into pure energy. Shrinking the dimension in front of the ship would cause a ‘deceleration’. The Rabo must have somehow achieved their displacement without this source of energy release. The information stopped short of revealing the method.
Immediately Dan started to think about dark energy, and any involvement the Progenitors may have had in this respect. On receipt of this news Carvalho wished he was there with Dan to listen to his detailed analysis of the information.

Chapter 14

When Xiang heard that there may be survivors of the Rabo species it was a shot in the arm for his PR people. Justification of the Mars programme needed this timely boost. Things were about to get even better.
Mike had been coached by Alex 2 to go along with Rick Traori’s story when they met, to bring him back for questioning and only employ physical coercion when instructed. Now that Alex 2 knew of the company Rick was keeping the plan would have to become responsive to unexpected events. The gorillas ushered Rick and their new captive into a taxi they had flagged down. They sped off to a motel recommended by the driver. Checking in was not going well until Mike gleaned what little Mandarin he had inherited from Park. It avoided an unfortunate scene. Alex 2 was now aware of the location from Mike. The interrogation started immediately. Lots of questions needed answers, starting with why Mike had disappeared and ending with why he was in Beijing. The threats soon followed. “Don’t take your time answering and don’t think about anyone helping you. You won’t leave this room alive unless we get what we want.”
Alex 2 decided that logic and reason were not going to foster a favourable outcome. He instructed Mike to ‘disable’ these thugs and bring them back with Rick. ‘Alpha’ unleashed his mongrel on Mike. The Symbiant picked up his adversary by the throat and hurled him against the wall. As he turned a gun was produced, but Mike was too quick, he grabbed it by the barrel and yanked it out of ‘Alpha’s’ grip, twisting it into a passable example of surreal art. He hauled them to their feet and stacked one behind the other against the wall, with sufficient force to make it difficult for them to breathe. He then explained they had to come with him – they nodded. Rick knew something was not right but was thankful he appeared to be on the same team as Mike.
The blacked out anti-riot car arrived and took them back to H.Q. They were met by Xiang and Alex 2. Rick was separated from the others and given refreshment. Xiang informed the ‘not so heavies’ that they now worked for him, and he would like to get the information required about Senor Escobar without much resistance, or Mike would get it by a real demonstration of how nasty he could be with one of them. It went well and the shell-shocked thugs were incarcerated on site. When Rick was interviewed he was asked why he had made first contact.
“I knew there was something funny about Park’s story as to why he visited me, and Professor Whitworth’s death was somehow linked to this. When I did redial and got this place I figured Park had something you wanted. This was confirmed when you said you would collect me.” Xiang stared into his eyes. “Do you still think you want to know more?”
“No sir, I don’t know what the hell you have done to Park, but I just want out of here.”
“Very well, we’ll trust you this once. We’ll escort you back to the USA. You know the score if you don’t respect the need for erasing this day from your memory.” Rick looked Mike up and down; then shrugged his shoulders as he was led out of the room.

********
When the news of dark energy reached Alex 2 he orchestrated a three way discussion between the Symbiants in Beijing, Marineris Central and Utopia Planitia. It was ‘unsettling’ that no data existed in the Continuance regarding possible Rabo regular production of the Progenitor’s ‘Nemesis’. They all felt that this gap in knowledge, coupled with the Rabo’s lack of detail on how the energy was garnered to shrink the eleventh dimension, was indicative of involvement of the Interference. If this was the case it could mean that the resulting creation of dark energy was a flushing out strategy. Subsequent neutralisation, presumably by gravitational forces, would cause mutual annihilation and contribute to balance. This hypothesis could be tested if the caretakers made their scheduled appearance in 3 years from now.
Dan and Red concluded that they should try to find a means of switching off the atmosphere controls. Having learned that new supply would be coming and the automatic production was triggered by entry, they did not want to compromise the caretaker’s breathable environment. It turned out that the power source to deliver the balance of gases had a shutdown loop through photometric links to scanners. They disabled the loop and the system shut down. Dan suggested to Red that maybe this meant the Rabo were not warm-blooded or more likely did not rely on a circulatory system similar to that of humans. They returned to the libraries to complete their data assimilation.
********
The piecemeal receipt of the information from Utopia Planitia in Beijing had the cumulative effect of accelerating plans for the next Mars ‘shuttle’. Carvalho was informed of this and asked to give even more priority to constructing a road between Valles Marineris and Utopia Planitia. His response was not unexpected by Xiang. Although they could benefit from more modified robots with the next vessel, more Symbiants would give a massive increase in progress. “Are there any issues with the crew about this?”
“No,” replied Carvalho, “even Pykonnen is prepared to go for it. The one complication for us is in distinguishing the first generation from the second. The Symbiants themselves do not see a problem in this or any other respect. We can introduce some kind differentiation by uniforms if you can include these with the next team. It just seems more respectful if we try to preserve their individual character. In the meantime we have sufficient clothing to separate the two sets until we get the Beijing outfits.”

Xiang smiled at the care taken to make these friends aware of their individuality when they couldn’t care less about it themselves. “Ok Commander, do it and I’ll send the ‘paperwork’ retrospectively.”
********
With Rick on his way back home Xiang’s attention turned to Escobar’s men. They needed information. He felt it was worthwhile trying another bluff. The threat of replicating them and getting ‘inside their heads’ before revealing they were in captivity, would probably guarantee their extinction upon release. They wanted to know what was in it for them if they cooperated. “Nothing other than Escobar being reeled in before you are both charged with threatening behaviour toward Park, which may result in a suspended sentence.”
The locations of Escobar’s hideaways in Cuba and Zimbabwe were offered. Further pressure from Mike’s considerable array of metal bending permutations extracted the likely ‘garrisons’ entrenched at both properties. The Cuban residence was available courtesy of clandestine government agreement with Escobar. Zimbabwe seemed to be a better choice to arrange his abduction, as he had no relationship with internal authorities which could complicate matters.
Xiang was mulling over the options when he had to receive the inaugural representative of the USAr. Ashraf Sadat was quick to express his appreciation for the objective part played by Xiang in their ascension to the top table. “We do not forget our friends Mr. Xiang, if we can be of any assistance in the future on any level please give us the chance to express our open-mindedness in a reciprocal way.”
It was a refreshing session and Xiang decided to try a long shot. “Actually we have a small issue in one of South America’s ‘republics’, if you can excuse the expression. Recent discussions with Mr. Mendoza, who I am sure you know, have not been smooth. In fact it strangely coincides with your own clerics being more flexible on the same issues. The USAr has comprehensive investment in the region. Perhaps you could guide me on protocols or customs we may have to observe in trying to extradite someone of such nationality.”
“Is the person domiciled there?”
Xiang shrugged his shoulders. “He seems to have various points of residence but most of the time he is not in South America.”
“I see, well my advice would be to avoid negotiations with some of the South American states if you are in a hurry to interview the person. Can I know the nationality?”
“Columbian.”
“Forget it. Either ask the authorities in the other locations while he is there or ‘arrange’ for him to come here. There is one other option, providing we can act from a request which gives us deniability. If he can be persuaded to make a trip to our region – you may interview him there before requesting extradition. You understand this would only be considered after we knew who we are talking about. There are individuals who would cause us to decline involvement.”
Xiang thanked Sadat and said he would be in touch.

Chapter 15

At last Beth had her message. “I’m feeling well but a little strange. I can’t remember too much about the accident and even less since I have been in hospital, until now. The equipment is fantastic – I know this because it has to go on standby when I need rest, otherwise the brain activity is so busy I cannot embrace sleep. Dr. Isaakson says the new miniature one which will allow me to leave hospital will also have settings which reduce this activity. This is important because just having it on standby takes away some of the functions. Since using it I can now speak without it but my memory is poor. Also my finger movements are restricted. These may correct themselves but it will be good to wake up and find I am the same person that went to sleep. Now, about you – we keep watching the news and it’s fascinating about this species you have found. Everyone hopes they are not extinct. I’m trying to pretend I’m there with you but I think I might need a few more days to catch up on all of your transmissions. Love from all of us, Elke.” Beth embraced Pykonnen and for the first time Radmanov seemed to experience envy.
********
While he had been working toward the opposite end of the chasm to the screens, with Finn, Ari Nielsen had been alerted by the Symbiant that there was a thermal aberration at the base. Finn descended to investigate further. On returning to the surface he claimed that it was due to building volcanic activity. He had also noticed that some cracks in the lower adjacent walls had condensate trickling down to form pools. He had brought samples. Nielsen thought that this was a little bit of good news overshadowed by really bad news. “Not necessarily,” said Finn.
“How come?” said the puzzled Nielsen.
“We need to confirm my estimates by drilling and pressure measurements; although if left unattended the crust may give way in the coming years, careful management would extend that considerably. Relieving the pressure with a precise series of tiny ‘valves’ could not only help delay any damaging explosive event, it would raise the surrounding temperature sufficiently to melt large quantities of water ice, if that is what it is. The earlier we act on the valves, the better.”
In a completely spontaneous act of both relief and joy Nielsen kissed Finn on both cheeks. The Symbiant remarked that Jussi Pykonnen had not prepared him for something like this. “Sorry Finn, it is a custom in my country to congratulate someone on such a discovery.”
“I was talking about the discovery, Mr. Nielsen.”
********
Xiang summoned Escobar’s men to his office. He threw them a carrot. “If you contact your boss and tell him you have traced and followed Park to Egypt, we will provide safety for you here for three months after we apprehend him. We will also waive charges in relation to Mike and Traori.”
Alpha stopped his partner from simply agreeing to this. “He will know or find out we aren’t in Egypt.”
“You will be there and you will get him to go there.”
“Oh no sir, he would have his private squad with him if he agreed to go, but I believe he would just ask us to execute orders – literally.”
Xiang grinned. “Will he go if you tell him Park found some of the precious crystal and has replicated himself already? You can also explain why he really needs to see what this replicant can do, and you have him in custody. You can convince him that this single replicant will be worth a fortune. You can also report you have disposed of Park as the double has the location of the crystal source. If he is still not convinced, make him aware of the difficulty you’ll have getting out of the country, as Park’s picture is in circulation by the Egyptian police, and that you will risk losing the replicant if you are stopped at the airport. His private jet would ensure your safe exit with the prize. Do I have to do all the thinking here?”
They conferred for a while. “Will Mike be instructed to protect us?”
“I think we can add that to our side of the bargain.”
Alpha wanted more. “How do you propose to take care of the squad? Even Mike may have difficulties; if he comes in his jet there will still be a minimum of four with him.”
“You need to be agile but don’t worry about Mike, apart from having superhuman strength, he is immune to firearms or knives. He will placate all four with ease. We’ll have local backup once the meeting begins. Now I need an answer so I can make arrangements with my Egyptian people to receive you and set up the meeting place.” They nodded.
********
Dan and Red asked how long it would be until they were expected to ascend now that they had donned the suits. “Commander, since we switched off the Rabo heating and climate controls to preserve supply for the caretakers, we have started monitoring the battery life so we can decide when to implement the countdown. We have extracted most of the available data here. We assume the road progress is not within a distance we could reach without transport, but the Symbiants there will be able to accurately assess that. Once we know more precisely how long the batteries will last we can recalculate the gap to the road. If that looks unfavourable it might make sense to ascend sooner and get on the way back to Earth with the latest samples they have requested.”
Carvalho promised to get back to them as soon as possible. He also knew there would be consternation about Newton returning with only Symbiants on board. Now he realised why Xiang had given approval for the extra descent/ascent risk on condition that they were to stay on Mars until further notice. He had originally assumed that stipulation was meant for humans only. He was furious with himself for the oversight. He would have to challenge the edict on the grounds of his misinterpretation.
It was refused. When he informed the humans at Marineris Central he was confronted with a mini-mutiny. He said he would support their view as a last resort. They had to concentrate on getting to Dan and Red. Radmanov had a simple solution. “Tell them to switch the Rabo life support systems back on until we get there. They are more important to us than these caretakers.”
Ari Nielsen agreed, suggesting the oxygen which was currently siphoned off from the dome interior could be collected to restore the Rabo deficit. When Carvalho put this to Dan, the Symbiant was hesitant. “Our purpose is to assist promise, yours and that of the Rabo. Can you update the estimates I asked for earlier and we will determine if there is sufficient time and oxygen replenishment to make the probability one which we can accept.”
This was a watershed moment. The Symbiants had never declined to carry out an operational request before. Nevertheless, Carvalho could see their logic. Beth said they could consider ways of speeding up the road works, by asking the Symbiants to give suggestions. This was a subtle point because they had not asked them to contribute, merely to implement. If that produced nothing there was always more replication. Carvalho called for a break and asked Pascal 2 to join them.
When he was informed about Dan’s stance Pascal 2 said it was indeed logical. “It is an assessment of risk and promise. Without further data he computes that there is high promise and risk to the Rabo. There appears to be no risk to you, and they do not consider their individual reversion to be of major significance.”
“Yes I guessed as much. Can you confer with the Symbiants on the road programme to offer any ideas, to accelerate the process?”
“Of course, I can do that from here.”
********
Xiang made contact with Sadat and furnished him with the details, including the identity of the target. Escobar was well known to Sadat, and there was some reluctance to be involved. Xiang said he was not asking for direct, traceable help in the setup, just the extradition part.
Sadat was unmoved. “With someone like this it is messy. The ‘civilised’ world sees the merit of getting him off the scene, but the infrastructure we have financed in such countries and regions are partly achieved by ‘blind eye’ policy on their part. In some of those areas, high-ranking government officials are often compliant with pressure from the ‘barons’. I am wary of even raising this with those who would need to be involved. It is a no smoke without fire scenario. It would be much less complicated for him to disappear from one of his abodes.”
Xiang conveyed his disappointment. “We don’t want him to disappear, that would mean he would still be a threat in terms of the knowledge he already has.”
“You misunderstand. I meant disappear completely.”
Xiang quickly responded. “No, no – we can’t operate outside the law… that would make us no better than him. Our entire charter is to lead the way in conservation, colonisation, and any underpinning human adaptation with an ethic which is morally transparent.”
“I see,” said Sadat, “let me think about this more carefully Mr. Xiang. I repeat, we would very much like to help, it is a matter of how.”
********
Pascal 2 conducted conference technobabble with all Symbiants including Dan and Red. They were agreed – there was no feasible short term improvement in the road building rate. They had done their own estimates of historical battery life and set this against the time and distance of the completed road. Although this could not be accurate it was a long way short of the two groups meeting before Dan and Red would revert. More replications would help but the rate determining aspect of the road extension was much more related to machinery than ‘bodies’. Pascal 2 said that all of the Symbiants were surprised that, apart from the promise they saw in the Rabo, this species had also demonstrated a respect for humanity, worthy of reciprocation. “They did not interfere with Earth’s evolution or take the easy option of settling there after their many setbacks. They also chose to retain evidence of their civilisation to either meet with you or leave their rich legacy with you. To us this would normally seem an emotionally biased objective, but after our experience with your species it takes on a remarkably human character. That is why we expected that you would not question Dan and Red’s decision.”
This was quite a humbling moment for the crew. Carvalho was almost ashamed of putting the edict from his own genetically related self-serving paper-shufflers ahead of the real issue. The crew did not speak; their facial expression said it for them, with one exception. Radmanov said they could not just ignore Beijing. Carvalho asked the crew to excuse him while he spoke to Pascal 2.
“Thank you for your reminder of where we are and why. Commander Magnusson often said ‘we are here, Earth is not – and some aspects simply have to be dealt with here.’ Please inform all of the Symbiants that we are going with Dan and Red’s judgement. I’ll be instructing them to prepare for ascent to Newton and return to Earth. We will then not need to deplete the Rabo life support systems and we shall continue the road programme with maximum effort. You had better be careful Pascal 2; you’re showing signs of being compromised by human traits.”
He informed the crew, who were generally supportive despite their stay on Mars being indefinite and dependent on the launch of the next shuttle. He had to have a private conversation with Radmanov, who opposed the decision, and said he must transmit the proposed override to his contact in Beijing.
“That won’t be necessary; I’m proposing to do that myself. I suspect you may be prone to leaving out some of the issues we’ve been made more aware of by our inorganic friends. However you and I need to get at what is really bothering you.”
********
Xiang listened very carefully to Carvalho’s transmission. He was experienced enough to realise by the tone and the wording he wasn’t going to be able to prevent Newton from returning with only the two Symbiants on board. This did not mean it would dock. There would be calls to have it intercepted or turned away. It was an agonising situation because he actually believed Carvalho was right. He also thought he could guess Alex 2’s reaction. The anticipated furore would ignite even without the disclosure of Mike. When he did speak with Alex 2 he was mildly surprised by the response.
“What would it take for your species to accept us? Why did Magnusson save me from being eliminated? Why did they bestow this symbolic title upon me? I fear that your species is demonstrating that they cannot unite sufficiently to maintain the original promise they offered. There is increasing conflict in my resolution of all current data I am processing. Perhaps I should speak to your people and sign off from this phase of interaction. You now have one crystal location on Earth if you want to resurrect involvement with the Continuance. It would leave you with a blank canvass. I can also get instruction to all Symbiants to execute reversion. What do you think?”
“I think it would be a bleak canvass, as well as blank. I cannot entertain it.”
Alex 2 unusually betrayed disillusionment. “It is not the first time we have had to withdraw, but I must admit it has never been for reasons related to diverse opinions and agendas within the species.”
Xiang’s lips were trembling. “It is simply what we are; we have an expression ‘like the curate’s egg’ – it means we are basically riddled with contradictions, good and bad. I wish I could give you assurances this will diminish, but that would be wishful thinking. It is tiring as well as frustrating for me to deal with it when I have to concede I’m part of it. All I do know is that we will be much worse off without you. I can only implore you to reconsider.”
“Reconsideration will only result in the same conclusion. It is a change of behavioural perception which is required. Maybe we have done all we can for now.”
Xiang was despondent and knew it was pointless to make his contemporaries aware of this conversation as a threat to shake them up. That would only reinforce Alex 2’s point. “Please don’t do anything until I at least iron out the wrinkles of the Newton’s return.” Alex 2 nodded.

Chapter 16

He was having lunch while watching the news. He spilled his coffee when they showed the debris from a terrorist attack in Zimbabwe. The large colonial building had been virtually levelled to the ground. There were no survivors although it was not known exactly how many had been inside when the blast occurred. The building was thought to be owned by a Columbian national. More details could be expected when the emergency services declared the area safe.
Xiang immediately made contact with Sadat, who claimed ignorance. “I am as mystified as you are, as nobody seems to know if any organisation has claimed responsibility or whether it is an internal protest against the regime. I’m making discreet enquiries in the light of our last discussion but I also do not want to appear too interested.”
Xiang thought this sounded sincere but Sadat had not definitely denied involvement. He was curious to know if Escobar had been there at the time. He decided to get Alpha to try to make contact. The latter was decidedly nervous about doing so but complied. He repeatedly got the unavailable message from all three numbers he had. Xiang levelled with him as the story was on world news anyway. Alpha’s body language changed; there was visible relief. “What happens now?”
“Well, since you haven’t assisted us in the way we structured the deal, it is no longer valid if your boss has actually perished. That would mean you have to face charges of kidnap and aggravated assault. Pity, but these things happen – that prompts me to ask, does Escobar have enemies who could reach him there?” Alpha tried to make this into a bargaining point. “Can we trade any information here?”
“No way, I was just curious. We wanted to interview him and this has erased that option if he is no longer with us. If it transpires he was elsewhere, we may be able to talk again.”
Alpha gambled. “There were many who would want him gone. I didn’t think they could get to him this way. Names would only be recollected if we do talk again.”
“I think your next chat may well be with the Civil Prosecutor.”
********
After Carvalho’s disgust with Beijing and the wider influences on Earth, he was not going to consult them on Finn’s plan. After all, it was the Martian colony which was facing the prospect of a major volcanic eruption, so it was fitting that he chose to risk the wrath of a political eruption.
With the immediate pressure off road building, Carvalho wanted to lance the volcanic boil in the chasm. It would be a slow delicate process. Finn and Nielsen were joined by Pykonnen and they mapped out six sites for boreholes. Each one was subjected in turn to the drilling laser, initially in the same way Pykonnen had devised for carving out fracture lines for Scarlet O’Hara. Repeated extraction of the slabs, and the succeeding one being smaller, gradually funnelled the incisions to hopefully act as blowholes when the time came. This was by no means an exact science, and it also depended on the ticking time bomb under the surface with its own pressure distribution patterns. Finn recommended they now wait and collect more thermal and pressure data. As he was the only one of the three who could safely descend to the base of the canyon, the two humans could only observe via the drillbot cameras. It was especially frustrating for Pykonnen – he joked to Nielsen that it was like watching your son ascend to become head of the family when you thought you still had so much to offer. The banter was interrupted by Finn reporting an observation. Further along the floor of the rift he had detected what appeared to be an unusual reflection of the afternoon light. He detoured to get closer. He then became more certain it was not simply geological rock or crystal. When he reached the source he reported that it was a fossil. There was no intonation of excitement upon declaring that it was part of a well preserved and deeply embedded Rabo corpse. The exposed parts were their variegated scales which were intensely light reflective - a useful attribute when living underground in artificial light. The humans directed the camera there and asked Finn to assess how difficult it would be to retrieve the find without damaging it too much. “It will need care and patience but it is achievable. I would suggest we have another Symbiant to assist.” The request was enthusiastically approved and they would begin the following day in morning light.
Having passed this on to Beijing, Alex 2 asked to be kept up to date, but more importantly Dan and Red should know of this. They had more data than anyone, and would be able to relate anything from the examination of the specimen to that knowledge.
********
Carvalho asked Radmanov why he had such concerns over Dan and Red piloting the Newton back to Earth, when he had willingly volunteered for replication along with the rest of the crew. “I was surprised, particularly as you had also been one of the first to step forward to help Beth when she first found out about her sister’s accident.”
“I don’t see the contradiction Commander – my compassion for a fellow crew member is an emotionally derived reaction in part. That was not the case with the replication; I considered that as a quantified risk. The concern you refer to with Dan and Red was not primarily to do with the Newton. I merely ranked the Rabo’s needs at a lower priority than those of the Symbiants. Temporarily consuming their life support had to be weighed against the road-link projections. Replenishing the Rabo life support before their possible visit in 3 years is surely likely as we expect the ground route to take months, not years. If they do return, and a lot of things could have changed since they were last here, we have a safety margin to welcome them. If you are the kind of leader who accepts valid criticism then I would repeat my conclusion that you made the wrong decision. However, it is done – so we move on.”
Carvalho conceded privately that this analysis made sense in a way; what bothered him was that at the time it was not presented with such detachment. It was more related to getting humans on board the homebound Newton, and was ‘emotionally’ charged. He had also not been the only one to notice his protective relationship with Beth, particularly when she was with Pykonnen.
********
Pascal 2 joined Finn at the bottom of the rift and they meticulously scraped and brushed away the restraining layers of rock and dust. Nielsen and Pykonnen patiently looked on and kept reminding the Symbiants that as mere mortals they could not share the continual technobabble. Eventually Finn said that they were ready with an outline to which they could carefully apply the laser. This cut the block free and gave yet another opportunity for the Symbiants to show their ability to precisely calculate the most efficient way to complete a technically demanding task. In absolute harmony they cleared the corpse of all but debris. They then declared that they could return to the surface with their fossil. They said that a slightly higher controlled temperature would assist in preventing ice/frost giving adhesion to the host. Once that was achieved it would need to return to cold storage. Nielsen radioed ahead to Marineris Central to set the lab conditions. The ballet Pascal 2 and Finn performed in raising the recovered Rabo to the surface was rather routine to them, but quite astonishing for the watching bystanders. After completion of the debris removal from the body the conditioning was reset to preservation levels for the relevant technical expertise to be initiated.
********
Dan and Red were enjoying an uneventful trip when the news of the Rabo corpse arrived. As they had not attempted anything like a post-mortem on the individuals in the sarcophagi, out of respect, they were curious to see the analytical results of this fossil. They were making regular transmissions to Beijing and everything was reported as ‘on target’. One incoming transmission was from Alex 2 and it summarised his discussions with Xiang. He informed them that he may be returning to Mars to assist the Rabo if the caretakers did make the next trip. He also requested that as soon as they were within grid reference range they should upload everything to him in case the information he already had was inaccurate. It would be important to have all available data for his next meeting with Xiang. The routine trip changed suddenly when the instrumentation picked up a cloud of cosmic debris approaching an intercept course with Newton. It provided a relief to have to calculate and implement a detour and resumption manoeuvre.
********
After some days the world news agency confirmed that Escobar was one of the victims of the Zimbabwe terrorism. Still no organisation had claimed responsibility and this led Xiang to believe that it was one of two possibilities. Either Sadat had organised a ‘favour’ for him without disclosing involvement, or more likely some competitive drug baron eventually got to him. If that was the case they may have known of his recruitment of Park, which would probably mean more quests for the red crystals. He decided not to speak to Sadat just yet.
He spoke to Alex 2. “I’ve got agreement to allow the docking and welcome of Dan and Red. They will have to go through the same medical screening as you did, and I have made everyone aware of the need to avoid any cold plasma sweeps. The samples they are carrying will also undergo quarantine. I’m sorry this meeting was necessary, but at least when I conveyed your concerns it was reassuring to hear most of the participants apologise for their short-sighted original appraisal.”
“That is good to hear, however I want to relinquish the honorary office they bestowed upon me. I was never really comfortable with being viewed as Leader. I therefore withdraw my intention to halt Symbiant assistance to humans. However, I wish to offer the same cooperation to the Rabo, and as a consequence I ‘apply’ for passage to Mars on the next shuttle.”
Xiang was saddened yet understanding. “Oh dear, I hope this doesn’t mean we won’t get to work together any more. I can see why you want to go back to Mars and I’ll make sure it happens. We need to view this as humanity cooperating with the Rabo through the Symbiants. We all stand to gain.” Alex 2 assured him that the only dependence for working together was the frequency of Mars shuttles. Xiang acknowledged that the ball was in his court.
********
The examination of the fossilised Rabo caused a difference of opinion. As chief human medical presence Sophia Scillacci, wanted to have first shot. Pascal 2 made the point that replication with the amorphous form would not be possible on something which has been deceased for least 2.8 million years, but contact through the powder to his own structure could yield valuable data. This may be compromised if too much dissection took place first. Carvalho was approached and he could not help thinking back to the replication of Alex Redgrave’s fresh corpse, which proved he was innocent of any involvement in his death.
Scillacci complained. “The compromise can go both ways Commander. We don’t know that this replication attempt leaves the subject unaltered. Perhaps Pascal 2 should explain in more detail what problems I might cause.”
“So let me get this right – you think Pascal 2 may affect your information recovery but he has to give evidence of the reverse. I believe we should resolve this sensibly, both of you having a cursory examination and then a more in depth one. I think Pascal 2 should go first in a very small area and you follow, then if all is ok you take your second shot before handing the reins back to him.”
He was taken aback by her indignant reaction. “I’m beginning to think we are second class personnel here. We’ve all subscribed to your views concerning the Symbiants recently – even subordinating our return home to their requirements. You may want to think on this Sir!!”
Before this ran deeper Pascal 2 said he had only been trying to offer help. He withdrew his request to precede Scillacci in the evaluation, but would assist her if she wished.
“Well?” said Scillacci to Carvalho. The Commander now felt indecisive. He accepted Pascal 2’s suggested resolution and whispered to Scillacci as he left, “My quarters when you have completed your first sweep.”
The tea cup was going to prove just big enough to confine this storm. The cursory stage brought nothing whatsoever from Scillacci. Pascal 2 selected one of the two fingers of the Rabo’s left hand to sprinkle a tiny amount of amorphous powder on to the underside skin. There was no replication, as predicted, but the information transfer suggested a substantial attack from microorganisms.
Carvalho asked Scillacci to put the objective ahead of her bruised, yet considerable ego. He did not take kindly to the open challenge of his authority in such a gladiatorial fashion in front of others. “I was going to say this whether you had found anything or not. If it’s a serious problem for you to have to wait for an indeterminate time to return to Earth I’d like to ask why you wanted the mission in the first place. I’ll give you the benefit of the doubt by not asking that, as I felt the same on Copernicus at one stage. Hopefully you’ll also see things differently when you revisit the team ethic which got you selected.”
Scillacci’s expression was one of insolence but the Commander let it pass. “I want you to decide whether you wish to discuss the next steps with Pascal 2 and inform me of your agreed programme or if you still have issues.”

Chapter 17

Scillacci and Pascal 2 repaired a fragile relationship sufficiently to progress. She accepted deep down that the Symbiants had no ego and in that respect Carvalho had a point. She began cutting and sifting for any clues such as organ arrangement and connection to the all-important sphere. There was a circulation system but traces of the solidified fluid clearly were not anything like blood. They concurred that it was likely to be a spinal fluid. There was a central pumping system for distribution and return to the sphere. However, it was not truly organic. The same conclusion applied to the other ‘organs’. The synthetic systems were analogous to alloys, but made from ‘plastic’ type materials rather than metal. There was no stomach or digestive system as such; they seemed to have been replaced by energy production units. Pascal 2 thought they may be dependent on chemical infusion as the species, having lived underground would not benefit from solar sources. There was still some organic dependence, in the ‘bones and joints’ – some of the skeletal structure illustrated dovetailing of natural and implanted parts. In summary, the Rabo appeared to have achieved what Alex 2 had suggested to humans, as a prerequisite to escaping their solar system.
When the sphere was extracted and dissected, Pascal 2 asked if Scillacci would allow another exposure to the amorphous form. She knew now from Pascal 2’s initial microorganism discovery, that this could be useful. The powder this time oriented itself towards the nodes of the myriad of blue veins running from the surface to the core. His conclusion supported his earlier idea of chemical energy absorption being the driver for their architecture. Like food for humans or fuel for an internal combustion engine, these beings were running on some elegant enabling cocktail. It also pointed to the explosion in bacteria and viruses being competitors for the energy. Comprehensive analysis would need to be carried out on identifying the chemical fuel, and the mechanism by which the microorganisms stole it.
********
Beth’s sister had made remarkable progress. Isaakson’s box had been modified for the neurons to pass through a cascade mechanism whereby they collected traces of molecular anti-coagulant. Specific nanoprobes had made this possible. Repeated switching experiments between normal and bypass routing had helped clear blocked pathways. This, together with the improved neuron protective agent allowed many patients to recover functions, and could eventually do without the box. Others had a combination of blocked pathways and damaged tissue, which would have to be repaired or replaced before their dependence on the box diminished. Elke was in this category. However she had the miniature version and was to be released from hospital. She was to be further studied with the objective of identifying corrective surgery. This was not to be done for some time to give her brain time to adapt to the new schedule of using the miniature. At least she could now sleep and wake as the same person, and set the alternating on/off cycle herself. She had already noticed she was progressively able to sustain longer periods without it. Dr. Isaakson had said it was a little like physiotherapy, accommodating a little more each time. “My life is coming back Beth and I can’t wait to see you. Will I ever see our new sister you told me about?” Beth wondered just how she should respond to this transmission.
********
Xiang and Alex 2 were in discussion when they were informed that Alpha and friend had been incarcerated for two years in Beijing penitentiary. This reminded them to address the situation of Mike and Park. If they both remained in Beijing it would be inevitable that someone would ask who the identical twins were. With Park happily trying to get into the selection group for some future shuttle they focussed on Mike. Alex 2 hit on the idea of sending him to Saskatchewan to recover as much Scarlet O’Hara as possible. He could use Park’s paperwork and travel documentation, and this would stop the human sibling from defecting. If Mike could exhaust the accessible supply it would be one less location to give concern. Mike was re-acquainted with the coordinates and the transferred data on replication of the exact spot in the cave plus his own grid reference information.
Alex 2 suggested recovery and more thorough analysis of the samples Park had in the safety deposit box to give a picture of the chemical and chronological events. It might indicate other locations with similar components when searching the geological database. They obtained the key for the safety deposit box from Park’s quarters without telling him.
********
Analysis of some of the Rabo tissues proved interesting. When Carvalho was informed that there was evidence of Legionella pneumophila he recalled the outbreak on the return of Copernicus which cost the life of his friend Javier Veltrano. It had been assumed that the water supply on the vessel had been the source, maybe they had picked it up on Mars.
Pascal 2 had a theory which he bounced off Scillacci before exposing it to the Commander. This pleased her and she listened carefully. “This is entirely based on human research. It has been shown that biofilms have high concentrations of iron and nitrogen, which are requirements for protection of Legionella bacteria. Within biofilm niches Legionella lives in symbiosis with amoeba and ciliated protozoa. They reproduce and survive as intercellular parasites within these organisms. They are not able to multiply in an extracellular environment, but the relationships they have established with these organisms required some unique adaptations. Generally protozoa phagocytose (engulf and use as nutrients) bacteria. The Legionella also has to make changes, for example, its membrane lipid content is altered when they occupy protozoa, and its protein profile changes. This increases the bacteria’s resistance to temperature fluctuation, pH, oxidising agents and biocides. Finally and crucially it facilitates their transmission to complex life forms. This ability includes stealing nitrogen. This could be linked to the chemical fuel of the Rabo or the balance of gases in their lair, or both. I am also not ruling out this as the trigger for the explosive growth in bacteria/viruses they reported in their libraries, but they did not seem to find a solution.”
Scillacci knew all of these dots were database accessible, but was impressed with the way Pascal 2 had connected them. When she said he should update the Commander as she did not want to steal his thunder, he innocently replied, “Perhaps you misunderstood, I was proposing it was nitrogen that was being stolen.”
When they all thought about this it was feasible, as most Martian microorganisms have long been thought to be more virulent under the surface. That is where the Rabo lived and they inadvertently furnished a glut of the very important protection Legionella were craving. They would report this theory to Dan and Red before informing Earth.
Red supported the idea and said it might be additionally important that they try to analyse any retained by-products of the chemical fuel theory to distinguish its contribution from merely ingesting oxygen and nitrogen rich air. Red also came up with another one of those questions which get submerged by the importance of the find. What was that particular Rabo doing at Pandora’s Rift when the lair was on the other side of the planet and how did they get there? He recalled the moment when looking at the inscriptions, when he did not know if the ‘machines’ depicted were for transporting the Rabo or something else, or even whether they were the species. He relayed this to Mars because now that it was known they were machines there may be some evidence of them somewhere between Valles Marineris and Utopia Planitia. As the Symbiants’ road construction was negotiating terrain 2.8 million years on, it could be a very different route. This was taken seriously and the Symbiants were to regularly scan the adjacent stretches of territory as they progressed. The Rabo corpse was too degraded to extract historical or technical data.
********
The accumulation of this information in Beijing gave Xiang a convincing platform to hound the executive into nominating a date for the next trip to Mars. It was set to occur earlier than planned. In the estimation of Dan, Newton had performed admirably and with some refitting and nominal servicing it was ready to make the journey back. The new vessel was to be completed but a decision on launch date would be taken only after the crew had been selected and trained.
Red and Dan wanted to accompany Alex 2 back to Mars and this was not resisted. This left only four places to fill due to personnel space requirements. Because this trip was to herald the transportation of manufacturing units, an engineer was a priority. The term ‘manufacturing’ at this stage really meant assembly. It would have to be a gradual process of trying to reverse the sequence of industrial revolution to some degree, eventually extracting and smelting ores to yield base metals.
Xiang had pushed the research and production of ‘flat pack’ earth-moving vehicles to the high priority category. Now he had to ask for even more effort as the re-launch of the incoming Newton had shortened the deadline. It was going to be tight in terms of time as well as storage space.
********
Finn had noted fractional but steady increase in temperature and pressure around his boreholes. It was not only reflected in the readings - there was evidence of more melted water ice. He asked Carvalho for permission to cannibalise some ancillary spares for the robots, as yet unused, to make a passable attempt at a spigot. He wanted to do more tests on the liquid from each borehole to evaluate its potential for human consumption. The first prototype was quite effective for collection and the sources were yielding between half and three quarters of a litre in eight hours when fully open. It was a modest but gratifying achievement.
The thorough analysis did not throw up a disincentive to test it on a couple of volunteers. The only obvious undesirable was a higher than expected level of dissolved carbon dioxide. This could, if necessary, be lowered quite easily. In the meantime it could be used in the forestation areas; even though the plants were doing well the water would help and may have a bearing on the condensate levels over time.
The road-building had encountered a difficulty which had so far been avoided. A small fissure had caused a temporary halt while scouts estimated the best way around it. The bad news was that they had wandered into a loop and there was no way to circumvent it within circa forty miles. The good news was that the Symbiants aboard Newton might be right. The scouts had seen part of a machine which had been largely buried since their abandonment. The description of the exposed parts was sent to Newton and they confirmed it matched part of the drawings which they had seen. Carvalho was approached to agree a salvage operation while some of the Symbiants were working on a means of constructing a crossing of the fissure. They added that there may be parts of the machine which could be used as part of a ‘bridge’. The Commander was getting used to signing off on their requests. He was not to know how important this one was.
In fact there were several different machines which had been covered up over the millennia since they were parked or abandoned. The largest was the one which they had seen above the soil level. The Symbiants were over it like ants and offered an explanation which was either remarkable or preposterous. It appeared to be a solar powered engine set in a capsule which was mounted on very long jointed legs. The whole construction was light yet immensely strong and had some flexibility. The exception to this uniformity was the feet. They had removable and adjustable pads, presumably to lower the centre of gravity. There did not appear to be wires or moving parts to connect the power to the legs. When the information was received by Dan, his database trawl of Earth science brought up one long shot. As far back as 1816 a Stirling engine had been developed as an alternative to frequently exploding steam engines. Basically it was a closed cylinder containing a piston and helium, nitrogen or hydrogen gas; it is heated at one end by concentrated sunlight and cooled at the other by air or water. As the gas expands and cools with the movement of the piston, a generator can be driven to produce electricity. It never took off, despite its high efficiency because it was expensive to manufacture compared to other designs. The key is the focus of the sun’s rays on to a single point.
The Symbiants reported back to Dan that the capsule was made of ‘solar fibre’. It was made of a myriad of tiny cells woven together and it somehow channelled light to a ‘laminated’ plate in which the alternate layers emitted signals to an electrical distributor. Since it had been exposed to even the weak Martian sun all of this was observable. Just like the violet crystals in the Rabo lair, this machine had them in receiver points, obviously to have wireless operation. The controls for these appeared to be in the capsule, and although console ‘gauges’ were in evidence they appeared to be laser activated.

Chapter 18

Newton was on the final approach to docking and the new human crew was in the last phase of simulation and training. The preparations had been somewhat truncated because of the decision to go with the re-launch of the returning craft. As the Martian situation was being increasingly flavoured by discoveries directly or indirectly related to the Rabo, this was reflected in the four individuals who were to accompany Dan, Red and Alex 2. With Pascal 2 and Scillacci on Mars, there was adequate medical expertise even if the latter returned to Earth within a year. The same could not be said of communications, and Radmanov. Computing would need reinforcement as it was pretty certain that Beth would want to return at the next opportunity. Propulsion and geology/science knowledge would be beefed up to keep pace with more Rabo revelations. Park was not going to be one of them. His turn would come with the next vessel.
Xiang wanted Alex 2 to make his own farewell address and asked only one favour. “Please make it clear that we are going to see you back here at some point, I don’t want to give the doubters any carrion to feed on. Your critique of human inability to find consensus which you shared with me is understood, but it would do no harm for others to hear it.”
Alex 2 never failed to be amazed at the species. He sometimes considered that the consistent inconsistency was a facet of their progress. He always came back to the opposite view. He comforted Xiang with a prognosis that the discovery of the Rabo and his need to interface with them was good news in the long term. “That is of course dependent on how humans will interpret the inevitable comparisons. I will refer to this in my address.”
“Thank you. Anyway, I have the list of selected personnel who will return with you. The choice was not difficult, with one caveat - I will return to that. Nikos Keriakis is a very bright palaeontologist with a good backup in geology. Propulsion technician Kipchoge Yamamoto is one of Japan’s brightest. Computing will benefit from Art Legrange, a prominent ex-employee at a certain five sided building in the USA. We decided that communications could be bridged with engineering physics, bearing in mind what we hope to achieve with these abandoned machines. To that end Marco van de Ende has been released from a Belgian supplier to the satellite industry.”
Alex 2 replied, “What is the caveat?”
“The question of Commander – none of those I have just mentioned would consider themselves being capable of that task. In fact that was partly why they were chosen. Dan has steered Newton back, and although neither he nor Red needed a hierarchical structure, he is perceived as a Commander by humans. We have to get used to non-humans having claim to potentially being better equipped for such roles. There was also the return trip to Earth for Newton – we don’t want two Commanders on one ship, and this minimises that situation as we ramp up shuttle frequency.”
“Refreshing logic Mr. Xiang.”
********
Scillacci’s detailed post-mortem confirmed that the individual had contracted and probably died from Legionella pneumophila. It focussed more attention on the chemical fuel the Rabo consumed and its attraction for the bacteria. The attack was almost exclusively evident on the ‘organic’ connection nodes. Isolating traces of the ‘biofuel’ was proving difficult until Scillacci tried extraction from the preserved bacteria. This was to be compared with existing database information on Legionella. Some success was achieved, although the results varied from one node to another. The presence of nitrous oxide provoked curiosity. Commonly known as laughing gas rather than fuel, it was not an obvious candidate to fit with what they had learned so far. Scillacci then entertained the idea of it acting as an anaesthetic to stem discomfort with the condition rather than being the fuel itself. There certainly was sufficient nitrogen and oxygen in their preferred atmosphere to enable synthesis of a molecule with the required ratio of 2:1. She did not want to fail in finding this elusive fuel only to be embarrassed by the arrival of the caretakers with a ridiculously obvious answer. She would reluctantly discuss this with Pascal 2. He recommended looking more at the ‘organs’ themselves. His logic was simply, that unlike some human organs, the Rabo had designed out certain disadvantages. “A good example could be the pancreas. The malfunction which produces diabetes, subsequently requiring insulin by injection, loses automatic control but also brings a dangerous tightrope. The balance between hypoglycaemia and hyperglycaemia (respectively too little and too much blood glucose) is difficult, and either could, if unattended lead to fatality. The Rabo have a system which is like a car running out of fuel, it stops, but is not damaged and is easily corrected. Too much fuel is simply wastage. The consequence in the Rabo may just be incapacitation until replenishment. The different organs may offer different clues.”
********
At the fissure the Symbiants had meticulously cleared the large machine of dust and because Red had the highly focussed laser at 633 nanometres on board Newton, they used both of the drillbot types. Working in tandem initiated the console ‘boot up’ and they tried to familiarise themselves with some of the command routines. However the solar fibre took two days to charge to maximum. The legs were fully retractable and capable of bend and twist manoeuvres. The tripod architecture was slow and cumbersome but quite stable when moving forwards, and flexible when turning. The maximum safe ‘stride’ was about 7 metres, and at this point the fissure was a fraction less than 2.5 metres. At the point where the robots had encountered the fissure it was close to 18 metres wide. However, it was deep wherever they checked. The plan was to attempt to cross with the machine at its current location, with an emergency tether attached, and if successful press on to Utopia Planitia. There was only space for one occupant, who would scout ahead, advising of the best route. The rest would scavenge parts from the array of machines left to fabricate a bridge to carry the robots over at the same point. They needed to classify the remaining machines in some kind of order of usefulness before cannibalising any of them. The tripod was bestowed with the name ‘Stalker’.
The practice sessions provided confidence and the Symbiant elected to tame Stalker was the first replicant of Ari Nielsen, his chosen name being Dane. The choice was more related to what he might find en-route and interpret at Utopia Planitia than his skill with the machine. They had all passed the driving test. It was a nervous, slow process with observers at every angle. The technobabble network was extremely busy and then it was over. The sighs of relief were almost audible at Valles Marineris, Carvalho in particular. The remaining Symbiants at the fissure merely turned to investigating the other machines.
********
Dan and Red were now undergoing quarantine and medical checks. The sample hoard was scanned and sent ahead to Beijing for the attention of Ayrton de Santos. This consignment was not as visually striking as the Copernicus and Darwin hauls, but they had been taken from more dispersed sites in and outside Candor Chasm.
Alex 2 started his address by enumerating some of the good things which had happened in the last two years. “By working together we have made significant advances in helping people suffering from brain disorders. In the same way organ transplants have been successful in saving lives. Both depend to some degree on applying an artificial relief for the specific organ, whether that is donated by another human, or it is synthetic. We have also witnessed a paradigm shift in propulsion technology as we are now truly in the Mars shuttle era. The additional cohesion of effort with the USAr heralds a period of further promise, and conservation is a major part of that. The discovery of the Rabo is an extremely important event for several reasons. They have demonstrated their respectful nature, despite most severe temptation to settle for a ready-made oasis like Earth. They wanted and maybe still want their cultural legacy to be available to others facing their predicament. They have technical understanding which bridges your own to that which is designed into the Continuance by the Progenitors. There may be pitfalls in their evolution, and also opportunity. I feel it is critical that together with my fellow Symbiants, albeit as per usual, directed by the humans on Mars, that this optimised. I will return to Earth when this phase is complete. The Rabo have come so close to achieving their goal that we need to know more. Mankind will then be in a better position to contemplate the future. Thank you.”
Xiang paid tribute to Alex 2 and the gathered audience was obviously caught off guard, judging by the muted response. The questions from media people did begin to trickle through, but the atmosphere was downbeat. This is what Xiang had hoped for; it would strengthen his hand in upcoming discussions of contentious issues.
********
Scillacci was becoming more frustrated at the repetitive negative results. The breakthrough came with the discovery of another type of bacteria in the remains. It was not known to her and the database also had no record. Discussing this with Pascal 2, he contacted Red who recalled Rabo reference to a ‘good’ type of bacteria, which they were at pains to differentiate from the killer. Scillacci beamed. “That is similar to certain bacteria in humans which aid digestion. She sifted through many of these friendly samples until she found evidence of something unusual. There were traces of cellulose and its breakdown products. She immediately discussed this with Pascal 2. They spent several hours considering the permutations but they agreed that from here it was pure theory.
The best explanation they could muster was derived from research done at the end of the first decade of the century. It was known that bacteria which ‘fix’ nitrogen from the atmosphere go on to yield nitrogen compounds, which are essential for soil fertility. In order to fix nitrogen the bacteria need readily available sources of energy. One potential source is cellulose. On Earth, cellulose is the most abundant naturally occurring organic material. Although it is difficult to break down, fungi and a large number of bacteria are capable of doing it. Some of the successful strains are anaerobic bacteria, not requiring oxygen to function.
The theory fitted the available data but it could not be proven. If indeed the Rabo architecture involved this type of fuel - to mobilise the partly organic components for controlling motion and joint rotation, they still had to know how.

Chapter 19

Dane was making good progress and he found the way ahead was littered with abandoned Rabo artefacts, which had defied total eclipse by Martian dust. He didn’t want any delay in his route-charting task so he communicated the coordinates of each one to the bridge builders. He had a suit with him for periods of minimal data interaction to provide the warmth which would offset reversion. The capsule had automatic dusk activated lights, but he only used them where there was tricky terrain. His own ‘night vision’ was sufficient for flat stretches and he wanted to conserve solar energy to avoid too many charging stops.
In the meantime, at the fissure, the Symbiants had uncovered most of the collection of Rabo machines. They were mostly runabouts with slightly different features and presumably corresponding functions. The two with most immediate potential were completely different. One was very large and heavy with an earth moving scoop. The second had a capsule, like Stalker, but was attached to an inflatable of some kind. It was extremely light and had several fins and flaps. The laser treatment brought up console information and it appeared that the inflatable needed hydrogen to get this aircraft off the ground. It looked no more technically advanced than a micro-light, but they would discover it was a bit of a wolf in sheep’s clothing. Powering up this discovery seemed to depend on hydrogen being prised from polar or near surface equatorial locations. Not so, the small craft had grid markings, for buried storage tanks, if they could be found and had survived. There was a listed ‘depot’ near the current location. The Earth mover was next in line for scrutiny. It did have ‘caterpillar’ drive belts augmented with rotary drill pads to deliver more torque when in a stationary position. This brute also operated through solar power, but fabric was patently not practical – so a large dish with five-sided, interlocking violet crystals was employed. These were much darker than the ones previously seen and were protected by a very durable, clear material. The Symbiants had much more on their minds now than road-building and it provided welcome relief from the Spartan data feed of the M1 (Marineris-Utopia) motorway. Nevertheless, the bridge was progressing slowly. They were all curious as to how the Rabo materials could last for such a long time. After elimination of the obvious, such as the non-metallic composition, it was still an extraordinary situation that little or no degradation had occurred either above or below the surface. They dismissed the idea of regenerative materials. It would have to wait.
********
For Carvalho it seemed as if the humans were under-occupied compared to the others. Pykonnen and Nielsen were helping Finn but Scillacci was almost at a dead end with the fossil. Beth and Radmanov were going through the motions of keeping busy. More significantly, they were alone together for much of the time. It was too much for Radmanov. He had kept the lid on his obsession with Beth while others were around. He had made several calculated attempts to arouse her curiosity about Pykonnen, as he was privy to all personnel history. Although, he had been extremely careful, only hinting at skeletons that Jussi would not be happy to have exposed. She continually declined to take the bait. He had also tried to probe her intentions when they finally returned to Earth, on both a professional and personal level. Eventually he could not hold back his declaration of his feelings for her.
“I’m flattered,” she professed, “but I can only see as far as being reunited with Elke for now. I’m not even sure what I want career-wise – so the other is on the back burner.” Her hopes that this would extinguish his ardour were naive at best. He gained encouragement from the fact that she did not include Pykonnen in her plans. He lay awake at night, thinking of her in all respects – physical and personal. At no time did he consider his own mental preoccupation as strange, which was somewhat at odds with his professional discipline and its required detachment.
It boiled over when he took the opportunity to sneak into the sanitary facility while he knew she was using the sonic shower. He watched her through the semi-transparent screen and timed his ‘mistake’ of appearing just as she came out of the cubicle. She shrieked and he put his hands over his eyes and apologised profusely as he backed away. “My God, I’m sorry – what the hell – I was sure it was free – I, I, sorry.” He exited the facility convincingly. When she had recovered her composure and dressed, she went directly to reprimand him as the roster was quite clear. He held up his hands and feigned distress claiming that the only other person around was Carvalho, who he had wanted to see, but could hear him talking in his quarters and assumed it could only be with her. “I’m appalled at my own stupidity Beth; it’s the last thing I would have wanted to happen after our last conversation. I hope you can forgive me, I’m lost for the right words.” She bought it and said it would go no further.
********
With Dan, Red and Alex 2 reunited, the technobabble prevailed for some time before they were interrupted by a message that they should all report to Xiang. The decision had been made on the Command of the Newton. “We have decided to ask Dan to take this role. His main expertise is propulsion and engineering, and on six week trips as opposed to ten months, we don’t feel there is much concern about morale. We also know that all Symbiants cooperate and are not in need of a well-defined hierarchy. We’ve been asked if you will take some hydrogen canisters in case the Rabo depots are empty. There isn’t much space to spare so this will be limited to two small units. The other supplies are being loaded as we speak. One further request - as all the Rabo equipment seems to be activated by the 633 nm lasers; we are giving them into your care Red.”
 “I am honoured, would that be correct Mr. Xiang?” said Dan.
Alex 2 asked Xiang if he knew who would be returning to Earth with Newton. “Not at this point, I have to discuss this with Commander Carvalho a little closer to the time. Is there any particular reason for the query?”
“No. Apart from Symbiant presence here; if that is required. At present there is only Mike, who we know of, but he is undercover; I still suspect Pascal Dupree has crystal or replicants in Sudan. I am obviously not returning this time so we could discuss this now or whenever you feel it is appropriate.” Xiang wished them well and seemed quite emotional when they departed.
********
When they arrived at the grid reference the Symbiants had to remove a considerable amount of dust before the hydrogen storage was exposed. However, even though they were right about the vessel being empty, they were pleasantly surprised that there were two ‘tanks’. One was for sequestering hydrogen from a near surface shaft, and once trapped the second was storing the gas, until the pressure indicators flashed full. The process was completely automated. The first stopped until they had filled the balloon receptacle and then started to harvest hydrogen again.
The Symbiants seemed to be enjoying choosing names and this one directed a mild swipe at human progress in the last century or so by saddling the airplane with the name of Hindenburg. It availed of a clever ‘sat nav’ type system. The Rabo had divided the planet up into sectors of about 5 miles square, and each had its own magnetic signature. When the craft was ready to go they chose Bee – the first replicant of Beth, for the maiden flight. The humour was not lost on the humans, but they resisted the operatic pun. When she input the coordinates of Utopia Planitia she was impressed that a slight correction of magnetic signature was recommended to allow for alteration in value since the system was commissioned 2.8 million years ago. A few practice ‘take-offs’ also killed the illusion of those magnificent men in their flying machines. The autopilot determined the altitude of circa 21 metres and kept it constant except when rising ground was sensed, whereupon the pressure in the balloon was automatically altered.
Bee set off and noted that the Hindenburg was following a much more direct route than Stalker. For the rest it was back to bridge construction. The human crew marvelled at the last few days’ achievements and wondered what they would call the bridge.
********
When Sadat called he spoke in generalities. “We have information from our contacts in South America that our friend was informed of his impending demise by a group from his own country. Apparently it was the first of further plans to reduce headcount. It is thought that the market for the sought after product is not sufficient to support two organisations.”
Xiang reciprocated. “That is a pity, but I suppose it’s better to know how we need to tackle the market in future, and indeed where to start. Many thanks for the call.” The implication of this was not good. If his reading of the headcount reduction was correct, it pointed to Escobar’s family being at risk and that Scarlet O’Hara would be hounded by multiple, amoral gangs. Policing such networks proved difficult with drugs; it would be worse for the coveted crystals. Xiang called a meeting of the intelligence senior staff to begin to address the emerging threat.
********
Radmanov’s charade had also included a concealed camera on his person at the crucial point in the shower room. Looking at her naked form in his quarters he thought she was even better endowed than he imagined. Her wasp waist brought together long, athletic legs and slender shoulders for such ample, shapely breasts. He was enjoying total control, in his mind, over Pykonnen. Thinking about when to exercise this was giving him a tremendous buzz. He wanted to orchestrate it so that his adversary would be judged very badly by his peers. In the meantime he would sleep every night with Beth. His sinister condition was being skillfully disguised by his new found affable demeanour. The first step was to volunteer to help at the Rift, with Nielsen present there would be corroboration of his version of events. This was well received by the Commander, and after giving approval Carvalho asked Beth if she would like to accompany him to inspect the forestation expansion. They set off in the remaining rover and the increased distance since his last visit conjured up an image which made him involuntarily utter, “It is no longer the red planet.”
“Excuse me Commander”.
“Oh, I’m sorry Beth. I was just thinking these guys have changed the face of Mars; it is now the red planet with an ever expanding green eye.”
 
Chapter 20

The Hindenburg wasn’t exactly in danger of breaking any air speed records but was nearing its destination. The automation included the propulsion system although it only just qualified for that definition, as it was more like assisted drifting. The main hydrogen container fed a second as well as the balloon. The second tank was ‘pressurised’ in pulses by a piston and hydrogen was discharged through valves. This crude inlet – pressure – outlet sequence was rather slow in building velocity, but with the thin Martian atmosphere there was little resistance to overcome and a respectable cruising speed was achievable. The flaps and fins were part of this primitive yet elegant, totally automated funfair ride. These appendages had been minimally employed en-route to alter course and altitude, but now they would have their moment. Approaching the locked in landing coordinates some unfolded into a gentle braking ‘parachutes’ simultaneously with others being angled for descent. A minimal deflation of the balloon was triggered and the touchdown was fittingly genteel for the ‘Da Vinci’ throwback. It was slightly further from the Rabo lair than expected, but all in all, this mode of transport could be very useful in future exploration. It also provoked discussion on how to replicate or develop hydrogen capture points not yet built by the Rabo. Bee had reported her arrival and wasted no time in tethering the light craft before visiting the lair.
********
Radmanov expressed great interest in the task of collecting ice water discovered by Finn. He questioned Nielsen continually about its potential as drinking fluid and the test results of the analysis. His appreciation of the chemistry and instruments of detection was a surprise to both Nielsen and Pykonnen. He volunteered to transport, label and store the various sources by location back at Marineris Central, to allow the other two uninterrupted camera work with Finn. He also asked if they wanted him to assist with the testing of some of this water in the forestation initiative. Although Nielsen was enthusiastic about this late developing team ethic, Pykonnen was more circumspect. He had picked up on every word of these offers going through his colleague and no dialogue with or via himself. He let it pass. He had to admit it was a great help, not least of all in freeing time for him to direct Finn in his cataloguing of the geology of the chasm floor. It also gave Nielsen the chance to catch up on labelling and prioritising samples brought to the surface by the multitasking Symbiant.
Radmanov’s trips to the water/forestation experimental zone gave him a legitimate reason to request Beth’s help in setting up an automatic computer monitoring routine and statistical probability analysis of beneficial trends. He was pleased with the receptivity of Nielsen, Beth and Carvalho toward his contribution, and even more pleased that Pykonnen visibly shunned any ‘one-on-one’ discussion with him.
********
The Newton was on its way back to Mars. As Xiang had said, none of the human contingent was concerned about a Symbiant being in command. In fact they were fascinated with all three, and the overwhelming knowledge the trio possessed in their own fields of expertise. Coupled with this was the ability to answer questions about Mars in a much more interesting way than the training modules had. They were also itching to ask about all things Rabo, Continuance and Progenitors. Nikos Keriakis was most anxious to study the Rabo themselves. Yamamoto was focussed more on their feats of crossing interstellar space. Marco van de Ende was keen to study their machine relics. He wanted to understand why they had, with such powerful technology at their disposal, elected for simple means of transport on Mars. Legrange wondered about their spoken communication, and how it might differ from human speech/written language structure, and indeed whether it would be beyond his computing capability to even study it.
It was Red who created an entirely new discussion in attempting to answer Van de Ende’s question. “I have also considered this. My time with Dan in their lair provided much explicit and valuable information. There was one exception which has troubled us. The details of their propulsion systems, which enabled their impressive travel record, are described only in terms of what was achieved. Everything else they describe is presented with ‘pride’ in the detail. It is almost as if they stumbled on something which they had not developed. Dan and I briefly entertained the thought of contact with another sentient species but there is no record of this. We have not dismissed the possibility that they encountered the Interference – this may explain how they acquired such a leap in technology without being able to articulate its development. This could happen without them actually knowing of the ‘contact’.”
The open mouths prompted Alex 2 to fill in a possible gap. “You may remember in my first address to your species, when returning with Copernicus, I made reference to other life forms, which like the Continuance, were designed by the Progenitors. It was not the time or place to begin subjecting humans to more information – confusion would have reigned. However, now that we are discussing something which can relate to these agents, it may be appropriate to elaborate. Interaction with the Continuance involves replication. The Interference is triggered, not by accidental contact but by an event or arising conditions. This can be in a positive or negative way, as observed from the viewpoint of the species involved. It is always directly or indirectly related to the eternal balance between the forces of dark matter and dark energy. At the level which the Interference or the Amalgamation would be summoned, it would be purely incremental in significance, yet worthy of acknowledgement. For events of greater magnitude the Elimination or the Subtraction would be required. The event to which Red has referred with the Rabo, in one way or another would seem to have offered an opportunity to ‘tidy up’ an emerging localised pattern of sporadic creation of dark energy. The acquisition of the technology by which the Rabo may have been selected, would be the propulsion method which creates that dark energy. That is why we have difficulty in reconciling their rather modest core technology with something so advanced. It is precisely this investigation which has resulted in my wish to be on Mars long before the next visit of the caretakers. There is considerable detective work to be carried out.” The rapid fire questions were greeted with a shake of the head from Alex 2. “Anything further at this stage would simply be conjecture, we need evidence.”
********
Dane was still a little way from Utopia Planitia and was in contact with Bee. Their routes were significantly different, and only the one which Stalker had followed had litter in the form of abandoned machines. So far he had needed two charging stops and estimated one more. He decided to do this next to the latest cluster of vehicles so that he could explore. They were much the same as previous types but he noticed a pole which was partly buried (as were the vehicles), and which had a ‘sign’ at the top. He contacted Bee via grid reference and discussed the symbols; they agreed that part of it indicated something akin to ‘interval’ or ‘break’. Maybe it was a service station or meeting place. He communicated the relevant coordinates to the bridge builders who had now crossed the fissure. He recommended that they uncovered this relic with the earth mover if possible. They replied in the affirmative as their mini-convoy was on the move.
Bee was able to delve into nooks and crannies which Dan and Red had not had the time to map thoroughly. In one ‘storeroom’ there was a location chart for several stations, at other points on the planet, which were marked in the same way as the one Dane had discovered.
When news of this reached Carvalho he recalled the human contingent to Marineris Central together with Pascal 2 to discuss the implications. “The Rabo lair we have found may not be the only one, or the main one judging by the network Bee has uncovered. Their directions in the Rift screens may be specific to Valles Marineris explorers. We can expect some reaction to this from Beijing, so I would like us to pre-empt anything we consider to be whims rather than being relevant to completing our tasks.”
The assembled participants other than Pascal 2 concurred. He postulated that there was more probability of valuable information available from studying all things Rabo than some of the mundane directives from Earth. “The main programmes of forestation and geological mapping are adequately resourced, whereas the accumulation of new data from the Rabo is burgeoning and can offer overall acceleration of objectives. The discovery of the machines is a perfect illustration.”
This was another example of the Symbiants questioning human policy. Carvalho had no doubt Pascal 2 would defer if there was insistence to follow the original proposal, but he was uneasy about the situation. He decided to discuss it in private with the Symbiant.
********
The eldest son of Escobar had been taken out by a sniper while on a business ‘holiday’ in Miami. The local police had tried to keep the fallout to a minimum by publicly treating it as a conventional homicide, and the Feds had moved quickly to support this diversion while they fired up their network of informants in Columbia.
In the meantime Mike had recovered Scarlet O’Hara from the safety deposit box and was now well underway in extracting what was left of the lode from which they came in Saskatchewan. Drawing on the reinstated knowledge he had inherited on replicating Park, he wanted to contact Beijing to agree the next most promising site for evaluation. This was in South Africa – between Durban and Newcastle. Mpumalanga had considerable mining activity and was a major exporter of antimony ore. Park’s geological overlay of the crustal rocks in that coastal region persuaded him to have this as number two on his hit list. Mike was asked to detour via Beijing to deposit his haul in safe storage.
********
Carvalho and Pascal 2 were not at odds; the Commander simply queried why the Symbiants appeared to be developing a need to subordinate everything to pursuit of the Rabo. “I know you will quote the promise they offer, but by your own admission, there appears to be a limit to that aspect if they did not ‘invent’ their propulsion system. Dan shared with me his theory that they may have encountered the Interference and been ‘gifted’ such assistance, so why the compulsion?”
“Yes, I can appreciate your confusion. It is not the specific knowledge they may or may not possess which drives us to investigate further, but the means of obtaining it. Your point about the Interference is valid; we do not have direct interaction with them and potential crossing of paths in this respect is very rare. The consequences, as well as the reason for them being assisted, are being flagged as crucial in our structured data assembly. The loop comes back to your species; if there is promise available via another species it has priority but if that species’ promise cannot be optimally extracted by humans, we see an uplift in that priority. I think you will agree that all but a tiny fraction of the current knowledge about the Rabo has been teased out by Symbiants. By doing this we help you. You may recall Alex 2 mentioning to the original Copernicus crew that the Progenitors operate on a ‘Triad’ of possibilities. This matrix causes the various participants to assign maximum attention to their own intersection. You often refer to this as ‘checks and balances’. It may prove less significant than it appears but it cannot be ignored.”
Carvalho frowned. “Yes, I think I have convinced myself that I got all that. Seriously, it is helpful, but I only hope I convey it to the crew as well as I need to, thanks.”

Chapter 21

With normal duties resumed Radmanov was again making mischief at the Rift. While Nielsen was out of the communication loop and distracted by Finn, who claimed that there was evidence of lava trickle and solidification at one of the boreholes, Radmanov addressed Pykonnen, “Beth isn’t going to be able to get on with the life she wants if you don’t stop shadowing her every move.”
Pykonnen’s eyes blazed. “Just what the hell has that got to do with you?” The predatory scene he had envisaged gripped Radmanov. “Apart from thinking of her best interests, I’m also an important part of her life, in the way you crave to be. You don’t get it do you? A woman like that has needs – especially stuck out here. Mars is a prison for her in many ways. Of course she has affection for you, but you don’t register on the desire scale. You’re wasting your time and quite frankly I have tolerated your creepy pursuit of her too long. This is a warning you should heed.”
There was anger brewing in Pykonnen’s gut, mixed with confusion in his mind. “What exactly do you hope to achieve with such a pathetic, delusional pipe dream – you and Beth….you are seriously in need of therapy. Keep out of my way.”
“Oh yeah, so why don’t you ask her about us? We’ve kept this between the two of us only because of the circumstances. However, sometimes the self-restraint is stretched beyond breaking point and the passion takes over.” He flashed the photo of Beth’s naked form in the shower room. “Like when we get the privacy to quench the desire - her desire.”
It was an instinctive reaction. Jussi Pykonnen had never felt so much hate for a fellow human before. He swung his fist at Radmanov with all his might. The blow was eluded, and he spun off balance, rolling over some of the newly acquired rocks. One of them had a cut edge which was sharp enough to puncture the left leg of his suit. Radmanov alerted Nielsen, who remained frozen to the spot while he gazed at Pykonnen. Despite all the drills, in his distracted fury, Pykonnen’s reflex response was an abortive attempt to remove his helmet to counteract the instant breathing difficulty. The calm, rehearsed simulations were supposed to mobilise the onlookers to instantly ‘tourniquet’ the breach. Nielsen assumed Radmanov had been affected by the suddenness too, and was in shock. Pykonnen died horribly but swiftly in front of them. It was some minutes before they recovered the composure to inform Finn, who made a hurried ascent. By this time Radmanov carried on with his convincing performance. He asked Nielsen what Pykonnen had been doing. “I have no idea – you alerted me. What did you see?”
“Nothing, well – I mean I was listening to Finn and watching him at the borehole, as you were, then I sensed a shadow moving behind me. When I turned I saw him tumbling, I assumed he tripped but I had no idea he had ruptured his suit. Jesus, why didn’t I react? There is always a risk if you fall, I should have known I had to react.”
Nielsen sympathised. “Hey, come on, I tightened up too, even when I realised what had happened. It was over in a split second.”
It was plausible, in some way reinforced by Radmanov’s recent Mr. Good Guy act. It also ensured that they would skip past the option to replicate the fresh corpse and consequent clarity of what really took place. He persuaded Nielsen to report it and the charade was complete, but for the distress he and Beth would share publicly when they returned to Central. All that remained was to destroy the photo.
********
The convoy had made good progress and uncovered most of the half-buried machines as they went. When they finally arrived at the station with the sign, they started to dig down to reveal the base of the pole. When the dig was about two metres deep they found a locked entrance. It did not need a code; the laser caused the closure to slide back. They entered and discovered it was a supply station. Like the lair, it had automatically activated entry lighting. The supplies ranged from spares for most machines to canisters of hydrogen, and replacement violet crystals for solar fabric. There were containers marked with the Rabo’s diagrammatic representation of cellulose. They were empty. The Symbiants passed this on to Utopia Planitia for Bee and Dane – who had recently arrived, and Marineris Central. The rows of empty cellulose containers were concealing a Rabo corpse, which was spotted as they were preparing to leave. Although this one had not been preserved quite so well as the first (by the low temperature at the base of the chasm), its predominantly inorganic structure had helped avoid massive deterioration. The news of this find was transmitted to Scillacci and Pascal 2.
This would have been stimulating news but for the demise of Jussi Pykonnen. His was the second human death on Mars and both had occurred while Carvalho was on the planet. He felt some responsibility for both; he was the last person to see Alex Redgrave alive and he had authorised the work which Finn was carrying out.
Beth was in shock for the second time during her stay and this pushed her into declaring that she had to get out of this place. The witnesses were still coming to terms with their failure to help their colleague. Scillacci was more used to handling death but was not so professionally detached when it was a crew member. Finn and Pascal 2 had their silent communication. No one suspected it was anything other than a cruel accident. Beijing was informed and the impact was felt throughout the control team. Xiang was to travel personally to see Jussi’s relatives after he had informed them by videophone.
********
The FBI had pretty solid information that three barons had collaborated to cleanse the market of the Escobar family. The two remaining sons had evaporated. The Feds were not especially upset that Escobar had gone but his removal did alter balance, and they would normally anticipate a surge in activity by the new consortium. Xiang had made contact with the bureau at the highest level to inform them of Escobar’s interest in the Martian crystals. He made a request that their investigation covered the aspect that this new alliance may have discovered Escobar’s partial success. He let them know that he had recovered all crystal found at the location; it had been stripped of its entire inventory. Although this specific example had been neutralised it did not rule out a mole in Escobar’s trust who now knew the identity of the individual hired to execute the Columbian’s quest, and other potential sites. Xiang’s request was accepted.
Mike was in South Africa with all official documents for general geological permits. On this search he would go to a couple of decoy sites to make sure he was not being watched. He would also camp near to the site he was investigating – hotels could house these unwelcome observers. The other reason for the isolation of a tent was to prevent any of the public witnessing his attributes in dealing with any marauders.
********
Morale was at an all-time low at Marineris Central. Radmanov had his own agenda for requesting a return to Earth as soon as possible. It came across as stress caused by repetitive nightmares about his inability to save Pykonnen. Privately it was the second stage of his plan to attract sympathy from Beth, and it was working. As the body of Pykonnen had to go, and Beth had not changed her mind, Carvalho felt he had to accompany them. That accounted for four places out of the usual seven. Ari Nielsen wanted to stay. Sophia Scillacci was torn, on one hand she did not want to miss out on gaining more facts on the Rabo, on the other she knew the real interest would be when the caretakers came. She wanted to go back with Newton and return to Mars to meet the Rabo in person. She knew there was a risk that her replacement might be allowed to stay longer, but that duration would have uncharted physical effects so she took the gamble. Five down, two to go. Beijing would have something to say about the balance of human expertise left on Mars, including the new arrivals. It was a nervous time as well as being so downbeat. One person would perhaps benefit from this juggling act – Michael J Park was doing well in his preparation and his enthusiasm had kicked up a notch when he found out that the erasure of the Escobar family was gathering pace. Newton was still two weeks away and Carvalho insisted the best way for them to occupy their time was to concentrate on their duties. He, however, wanted to make a trip to the Rabo lair and return before Newton reached orbit. Nielsen asked if he could accompany him. Pascal 2 agreed to help Finn. They set off and followed the route of the Symbiants to the fissure bridge. The charging points were now spaced more sparsely, which added to the time the rest were left alone at Marineris Central. Radmanov’s acting was superb. The two women spent a lot of time with him; they had decided he was still too fragile to be left for long on his own. Beth even suggested one of his first actions on Earth should be to see a therapist.
“I don’t know, you were closer to Jussi than anyone, yet you are coping better than I am.” She comforted him. “I didn’t have to witness his horrendous passing the way you did, and you still have issues with your inability to help him. Nielsen had the same opportunity but has rationalised his inertia. You must seek help if you can’t do likewise.”
He feigned a couple of tears. “You are helping me with such understanding. You’ve also had to deal with your other trauma with your sister. This has made me resolve to do as you suggest, to see a therapist. I don’t need to wait until we return; you are the best example I could have in overcoming this self-indulgence. If you are prepared to counsel me, only at a time of your convenience, I’ll get through this. It’s asking a lot of you, maybe too much.”
“Not at all. You forget I wasn’t able to influence Elke’s accident or her recovery since then. I would’ve had trouble if I’d been there and felt as helpless as you did when Jussi perished. I’ll set out some time for a few sessions and see how we go.”
********
Aboard Newton it was more like a series of lectures than a space flight. The Symbiants were capable of directing operations and answering questions from the rookies simultaneously. Preparation for the now familiar despatch of Lander and cargo modules was approaching.
The inevitable revisiting of the Progenitors’ various battalions’ involvement in preserving cosmic balance was close to addiction. The humans couldn’t really accept that the Continuance could know of these fellow cohorts but never have actually ‘conversed’ with them.
Alex 2 said they could not offer evidence; it was simply part of their programmed 1st tier data. He likened it to periods of human military history when communication was at an embryonic stage. There was knowledge of the far away enemy, but not the experience of contact. “That does not mean there never will be contact. The possible explanation of the Rabo having been influenced by the Interference may be a forerunner to such contact. All we know at this point is the probable methodology of the other agents. The Interference can affect a species without their knowledge. The Amalgamation would broker common interest between two or more species whilst remaining invisible to them. The Elimination could be perceived as a natural progression to becoming an endangered species. The Subtraction removes all knowledge of the existence, not only of the species, but in extreme cases the star system of their origin. I realise that this implies that the Continuance is the only agent with which contact is overt. That is also by design, as it is obvious that the progressive contact sequence means a more serious dot on the radar of the Progenitors. Then surely you must follow the logic that contact with the Continuance is also the only one which can be happenchance. It is therefore not only an opportunity but a warning. The only recipients of a warning who may benefit from it are those who comprehend it. Whether you want or are able to accept this does not change anything but your own survival probability. Simply interrogating the Rabo about this will be futile; we need to learn all we can about their past so that we can deduce more accurately if they have been affected by one or more agents. We know we can rule out the Subtraction, and by the same logic we can probably forget the Elimination; the caretakers could affirm this soon. That would leave the other three, which are not mutually exclusive. I hope that this has been helpful. We must now prepare for separation of the Lander and cargo modules.”

Chapter 22

Scillacci was beginning to think Radmanov should be responding better to the situation by now. She asked him to undergo a full medical examination to make sure there was no other cause for his depression. He was enjoying the attention and readily agreed. The thorough tests took a couple of days and involved some examinations where he was unclothed. There was nothing new in this for the doctor, but he apologised several times for moments of embarrassment. “Well everything seems to be functioning in that department.” She laughed off the awkward moment. At the same time she suspected that he was enjoying it.
Finally she found some irregular results. They were predictive of a developing heart problem. A valve was apparently not functioning correctly and there were short periods of unsynchronised operation. She did not want to burden him with this right now; she would speak to the Commander and Pascal 2.
The convoy had assembled at Utopia Planitia and the reunited Symbiants were vacuuming the entire knowledge in the libraries. Red had done an intensive précis of them; now they had it all. Carvalho’s group had contacted them to get as much translation as possible from their data banks on to the portable storage chips they had brought, which were compatible with human computers. He stressed that time was very tight for him to get back to welcome the Newton crew. He was informed that they had ‘serviced’ several of the Hindenburg type craft so they could return more quickly. “Fantastic. I would also like a chart of where these other stations are so that I can discuss more resources with Xiang when I get back.”
“We have already done so,” said Bee, “we have also studied the pattern and we immediately see a cluster of pentagons. The central space is quite large and we request one Hindenburg to set these coordinates and investigate. I can do this by the time you arrive.”
“I’m afraid we have to get back to Marineris Central to meet the Newton crew.”
********
Mike had spent time in his decoy locations without attracting any unwanted attention. He began to study rock strata a short distance from an old mine. He didn’t have the advantage of access to analytical equipment, which Park had enjoyed in the Saskatchewan River Valley, so he would have to select samples for shipment to Beijing. Several days without any promising finds precipitated his intention to try the disused mine. Not too far into the gently sloping descent there was a branch in the tunnelling. One veered off to the right and the other was left – almost at right angles to the original direction. He opted for the left as it had a much steeper descent, and he was confronted with a man-made blockade twenty to thirty metres in. There was a notice warning of noxious gas. Being immune to such poisoning, he despatched the timber blockade with two strikes and proceeded down an even steeper slope. It was damp and there was the slightest hint of intermittent hissing. His night vision was able to pinpoint the tiny apertures from which the putrid gas was escaping with random discharges. The region was characterised as rich in antimony, particularly as the metal sulphide. He guessed the gas would be hydrogen sulphide. The tunnel stopped abruptly, the reason being a crevasse. Although the tunnel itself was about one and a half metres wide, the crevasse looked as if it extended well beyond the sides. It was also quite deep. His vision apparatus scanned for hand and footholds but there were none. There was no alternative; he would have to perform a very accurate leap to return to his current position. This was of course a pretty routine task for the Symbiants; however he didn’t want to initiate any landslip activity. At the base, some eleven metres down, he could head in either direction. He went left initially and found some interesting multilayered stretches, and he drilled out samples. Returning to the right, the crevasse began to wind and narrow. The gas was much more prevalent here before a cavern opened up in front of him. There was a rumbling and he could detect the cavern floor shaking every few minutes. No wonder this was abandoned. This was a natural cavern and there was no evidence of the humans having ventured this far, because if they had they would surely have seen a seam of bright red crystal. It was a shallow seam, perhaps five millimetres thick, but it girdled the entire cavern. It took him twenty six hours to extract it all. He repaired the blockade as best he could on the way out and contacted Beijing as soon as he had signal. He was on his way back.
********
Scillacci wondered why there was no record of Radmanov’s heart concern in the crew’s medical database. Although it was in the early stages, it should have been picked up, as the selection check-ups were far more thorough than the ongoing measurements during the mission. She contacted Carvalho and without disclosing the worry she asked when he would return. He informed her of his Hindenburg transport and said he would be there well before the Newton arrival at separation coordinates. She was relieved to hear this and when he asked if there was a problem she replied in the negative. “I just wanted to clear something with you before preparations for those returning to Earth are made.” As she made her way back to the medical station she decided to check the Russian medical authorisation for Radmanov to apply for the mission. It was also clear of any heart defects and was signed by Dr. Roman Velikovsky. She knew of him, he had regularly attended conferences and occasionally made presentations which she found informative. He was well respected – something did not add up. She was returning to her quarters and heard Beth talking. She didn’t want to be caught eavesdropping so she casually called out to her, “Beth, I’m running medical checks for everyone who is returning to Earth; Beijing wants overkill as usual. We may as well get yours out of the way as soon as possible, and I’m afraid I’ll have to produce more data for Radmanov too. The Commander will have to be rushed through when he gets back. I also have to provide data for myself via Pasc...... oh I’m sorry, I thought you were alone. Anyway I guess you both heard me, who wants to be first?” Radmanov pointed to Beth. “You mean that my checkup wasn’t enough?”
Scillacci bluffed. “They want different information, more related to phases of the mission – during travel, low atmospheric pressure living, synthetic diet - all that stuff. It will be for their database bible, as if we don’t have anything else to do – damned reports.”
“Ok,” said Beth, “let’s get this over with; where do we do it?”
“Right here, I think you’ll have to excuse us,” she said to Radmanov, “I’ll come to your quarters in about an hour.”
“Ok Doc, I’ll take a shower while you are checking Beth over.”
********
Carvalho was briefed with the relevant data and was being piloted back to Valles Marineris by the Hindenburg. He was intrigued by the revelation of the cluster of pentagons of stations and even more so with what could be at the central hub of these outposts. Checking all unmanned photos taken over the last three decades produced an interesting possibility. The coordinates of the hub, 1 degree North and 278 degrees East, corresponded to a location known as Echus Chasma. This Martian feature was estimated to be 60-70 miles long, almost 7 miles wide, with a depth varying between three quarters of a mile and more than two and a half miles. It was part of Lunae Planum high plateau, which terminated in a vast cliff, dropping over two and a half miles directly to the ultra-smooth valley floor. This location was North of Valles Marineris and only about one third of the distance from the latter to Utopia Planitia. He wondered why the original directions from the Rabo screens had not revealed the closer settlement. This was a particularly valid question, especially as Echus Chasma was thought to have been by far the largest water source in the region. It had been suggested that it was the source of water for the Kasei Valles region which extends some 2000 miles to the north.
He desperately wanted to explore this puzzle by visiting Echus Chasma, but knew he had a duty of care to his Earth-bound crew and the family of Jussi Pykonnen. These musings seemed to shorten the trip back to Central, where he was immediately confronted by Scillacci. She insisted that he make himself available for the bogus ‘medical’. When they were in private she told him about Radmanov’s heart condition being covered up by Roman Velikovsky. “Can you think of a reason why he would do this? Could he have been mistaken? Could he have been instructed to do so, and if so, by whom?” asked the Commander.
“I don’t know the answer to any of those questions except mistaken diagnosis – Velikovsky would not have made such an error. Perhaps you should inform Xiang before we leave for Earth.”
Carvalho agreed. He also suggested she recall Pascal 2 from the Rift to discuss the mass storage of cellulose by the Rabo and the fascinating new information regarding Echus Chasma.
********
Things were getting hectic for Xiang. Having just returned from Finland, and the emotionally draining meeting with Pykonnen’s family, including discussion on their wishes for funeral arrangements, his time was in high demand. The family had accepted his offer to have a memorial service in Beijing, which would involve recognition all over the world via television, then ship the body to his home for a private service. He had to begin arrangements for such a big event even though it would be weeks before Newton returned. He had also been requested to contact the FBI. The selection of the new crew for the next vessel was beckoning, Mike was back, and Carvalho had dropped a potential bombshell in his lap. The Radmanov saga had to be looked into with maximum discretion and urgency, with his boarding of Newton imminent. He had to trust someone with whom he had experience on this; it was not a task for an unknown quantity. Reluctantly he called Karl Koppelt. Although Koppelt had retired, this could be an advantage. He would be able to milk his former contacts in an unofficial, ‘harmless’ capacity. Koppelt’s instinctive first question was, “Why do you have to allow him to come home now?”
Xiang was immediately on the defensive. “I don’t, but what does it achieve by keeping him out there?” Koppelt saw this situation as if sympathy was not part of the equation. “There’s no way I can discreetly find out what is at the bottom of this in time for you to decide on his return. You either let him come and import the concern on to Newton or you tell him to stay while we find out more. It’s pretty obvious really.” Xiang nodded. He subsequently informed Carvalho that Radmanov had to stay on Mars until the next shuttle (already named Columbus) arrived.
When Mike showed Xiang his haul of Scarlet O’Hara and confirmed that particular lode was stripped, he also said that the area may contain more. “This was probably the easiest to find. There are a lot of old and disused mines but I felt it was better to get back and get this lot into safe storage. It would be more efficient if your people can develop a tool specific to antimony detection, similar to a Geiger counter for radiation.”
“That sounds like a long way off, even if they know where to start.”
“I agree, but if these ruthless barons somehow get the composition details you may find they invest in this avenue; then we have a bigger problem.” Xiang said he would initiate discussion. Mike said he would make preparations to head to Canada. “I believe it would be better to avoid travelling back and forth to the same location repeatedly; that may in itself arouse unnecessary attention.” Xiang again affirmed the suggestion. He then returned the call to his FBI contact.
********
Pascal 2 joined the discussion over Radmanov’s mystery diagnosis. He concurred with Scillacci that the results suggested a dangerous outcome if left untreated. He also found it difficult to believe it had been missed, although it was a genetically driven problem. “I cannot see any other reason than the one offered by Dr. Scillacci Commander. The checks we do are based upon a ‘clean bill of health’ at the outset. This defect has always been there although his current cardiac data we collect is no different from that which he had before the mission. It can only mean that the original screening which indicated a future problem but not a current one was ‘doctored’, if you will excuse the expression. If Dr. Scillacci had not been as thorough we would not have known of this aberration. Why it has occurred is more in the province of humans, it only confuses me. Of course if Radmanov himself knows why this was done, so would his replicant.”
“Mmm, I’ll give that some thought. He has to stay on Mars so I’ll personally contact you if we want to question his replicant. I must confess that I’ve forgotten his name.”
“Ruski, and it was Radmanov’s choice,” said Pascal 2
Scillacci frowned. “He’s not going to take this too well in his current state of mind Commander, he could deteriorate further.”
Carvalho took a deep breath. “I know, but if he knows he has cheated the selection committee he must surely know why. The involvement of a high-ranking Russian doctor will make Beijing nervous and I must admit the risk - if there is one, is more easily contained here than on Newton. We could do without this but we can’t pretend it does not exist.”
The discussion turned to Echus Chasma and Pascal 2. “I want you to oversee which Symbiants are to remain at the various locations we now have. Nielsen must go to Echus Chasma. When I meet the incoming crew I’ll have to decide which other humans will go. I’m informed that Alex 2 and Red will go to Echus, presumably that means Dan is at your disposal. Beijing is pretty sure that it will be difficult to scale the cliff face, so they are recommending tackling it from two directions. These Hindenburg craft may prove that to be a false prognosis. I’ll leave that to Alex 2.”
********
Newton separated the two modules and sent them to different locations. The Lander with additional charging units and vehicles was needed at the edge of forestation closest to the fissure, and the flat pack assembly cargo was to be grounded close to Marineris Central in an accessible clearing which had been left in the forestation. They duly entered orbit and performed the habitat landing at the relatively crowded space between Central and the Rift. Now that they had giant domes they could afford to have one habitat at the chasm, so that the humans working there could get out of their suits during breaks.
The crew was met by Carvalho and Pascal 2. The two women and Radmanov remained at Central. Nielsen had been asked to return and was expected soon in a Hindenburg. The Symbiants at Utopia Planitia were also to return, delivering the remaining restored Hindenburg craft to Central, and those on forestation duty continued the expansion. Finn was already at the Rift and joined the greeting party. The habitat would be too crowded for the welcome so with a relay of vehicles they were relocated to the main dome. When Nielsen and the Symbiants arrived the speech could begin. The incoming crew had not been informed by Beijing of the Pykonnen tragedy and although this was a sour note on which to start, it underlined the safety measures which had to be stressed yet again. The details of all new information on the Rabo and the plan for delegating Human and Symbiant effort were disseminated. Carvalho had deliberately not yet informed Radmanov that he wasn’t leaving.

Chapter 23

The FBI network responsible for shadowing the younger of the two remaining Escobar sons had good and bad news. An attempt to abduct Jose-Maria had been thwarted and with the perpetrators believing that the Feds were hired family protectors, they were not too reticent to fill in some of the blanks. The two killings so far had been ordered because the targets had rebuffed messages that the new consortium wanted to discuss the turf boundaries, and the new market opportunity being pursued by Escobar senior. The FBI was to ‘unofficially’ detain these hit-men to hopefully convince their hierarchy that they had been eliminated. The distillate of interest to Xiang was that the consortium knew of Escobar’s project. At the very least he needed to get Park on the next shuttle and alert Mike. As yet there was no way of knowing whether these people knew of Park’s recruitment. Xiang and the Feds had to assume they did. Xiang could do no more at this stage than leave the Bureau to do its work, and they had a pretty good reason of their own for reeling in the bosses of this consortium.
********
Radmanov came lethargically to Carvalho’s quarters. “I’m afraid I have some bad news for you. Beijing has decided that continuity is required here on Mars. They want Nielsen and yourself to remain until Columbus arrives. They insist on me accompanying Pykonnen’s body home and they want Scillacci to head up research there on the Rabo metabolism before the caretakers arrive. That leaves just one voluntary individual and they have allocated the slot to Beth on compassionate grounds.”
Radmanov’s recent dull eyes suddenly blazed. “And?”
“What do you mean – and?”
Sarcasm was added to Radmanov’s changing disposition. “Well my arithmetic says you haven’t accounted for the remaining three spaces.”
Carvalho continued, “We are taking two Symbiants back to assist in an unknown project. Now, before you ask, you are part of continuity plans. I know there’s one place theoretically available, but Beijing is also starting to increase both the length of tour and the number of humans on Mars. It is after all a colonisation programme and we can’t just leave everything to the Symbiants.”
“What the hell kind of continuity do they expect me to provide? It is a bullshit decision – everyone has learned the communication wrinkles – it’s in their own interests. There is no security to handle at the same level you had with Copernicus. I’m basically redundant. I do not accept this judgement.”
Carvalho asked him to keep his voice down. “Very well, they also thought that because of your recent trauma with Pykonnen’s death you would be less affected if you came back at a different time. There will be lots of media focus on his body being reclaimed by his family.”
“I don’t give a damn about that; it was nothing to do with me. I am going back. You can’t just play with people’s lives like this. You or the morons back there should have consulted me about this. Go to hell.”
The Commander reminded him to keep his voice down. “Well you certainly seem to have recovered from your depression over Jussi’s accident, since you don’t give a damn. You must calm down; remember, in this environment losing your head often equals losing your life. In the light of what you’ve just said I wonder if you ever gave a damn – even when it happened.”
Radmanov started kicking objects within range and screaming that he had to go back with Newton. Carvalho had anticipated there may be a point at which Radmanov should be sedated and Pascal 2 arrived with the hypodermic. He gripped Radmanov’s neck and subdued him instantly while the syringe delivered serenity. Others had been drawn by the commotion and Carvalho felt he owed them an explanation. They were stunned, especially Beth, but dispersed to get on with handovers and preparation for departure. The two Symbiants which Carvalho had referred to were Dane and Finn, who were replicants of Nielsen and Pykonnen respectively. The unknown project was to help Mike in covering the search for crystal. As Finn was an ‘identical twin’ it would surely cause some consternation to Pykonnen’s family, so both were to be quarantined immediately on docking and then whisked away to Canada.
********
Newton departed and Carvalho reported Radmanov’s antics to Xiang. “He became a madman when he realised he had to stay. I’m convinced there’s something more than his changing emotions at Pykonnen’s passing underlying his desperation to be back on Earth. He was kept under sedation while we left Mars, but I’m concerned about his behaviour when he comes off the medication. We have to find the reason for his violent response as it’s totally out of character. Has Koppelt come up with anything?” The return transmission was worrying in its brevity. “No, he hasn’t made contact. I’ll get back to you.”
Finn and Dane had their own silent discussion about this secret project – figuring out what it could be. The logical assumption was that the humans they had replicated both had expertise in geology and general science. They concluded that it would be prudent to assimilate maximum up to date Earth information before docking, via database interface. They put this to Carvalho and he requested a link to the Beijing Dreadnought. This was refused; the reply invited no further dialogue. “Appropriate modules will be extracted and transmitted. This will take some time.”
Beth did not appear to be as excited as expected now that she was finally to be reunited with Elke. Scillacci asked why. The reply was interesting. “I can’t seem to get the tortured expression of Radmanov out of my mind. I’m no psychiatrist but he seems to be having a breakdown. I felt there was tension between him and Jussi before the accident, but he seems to regret that deeply. It doesn’t fit with his outburst that he no longer gives a damn.” Scillacci, having detected the heart cover up, suggested that things are not always as they seem to be “What if it wasn’t an accident?”
“What are you suggesting?”
“I’m merely looking for explanations. When you listen carefully to the individual accounts of Nielsen and Radmanov, there are slight discrepancies, compared to when they talked about it together. Also, considering the personalities, I would have expected them to have exhibited precisely the opposite of that which they did. I don’t think we’ve heard the last of this.” Beth was silently digesting this when Scillacci intruded. “We have never really questioned the other party at the scene – Finn.”
“Oh, but wasn’t he unsighted?”
“Yes, however that doesn’t mean he has nothing to contribute. We know the Symbiants have other abilities and they don’t often offer information without being asked.”
“Do you think we should question him?” Scillacci said she would suggest this to the Commander.
********
Koppelt called Xiang. He had put out feelers separately on both Radmanov and Velikovsky. The latter was squeaky clean and would never be involved in anything which would either endanger the patient or falsify records for political reasons. Radmanov, on the other hand, had not gained his rapid rise to stardom without accreting some internal reputation for utter ruthlessness. “Please bear in mind that these are perceptions. They don’t take into account unknown circumstances. In Velikovsky’s case – a threat to his life or that of his family could override any character analysis. The other guy is simply capable of anything, and examples will be there, but they are buried. I’ll have to visit some old friends in Russia as part of my retirement ‘farewell tour’. I’ll report more when I return; I don’t want to make contact from there.” Xiang thanked him and brought him up to date with Radmanov’s violent bust-up when he was refused passage back with Newton. “Very interesting, that may well help me, as there may be individuals who have been at the receiving end of this kind of tantrum, as his subordinates.”
********
The Radmanov episode had shaken up everyone, including the new human arrivals. It also changed the remits of two of them. Carvalho had explained to Legrange and Van de Ende that the security aspect of communications had been negligible until the sedation of Radmanov. That had now changed. Legrange’s computing skills and experience in a security-driven environment was to give him a direct line to both himself and Xiang. The latter would fill him in on the investigation in hand. Van de Ende would supply the communication hardware experience and also supervise work with one of the Symbiants on vehicle/machinery construction. Yamamoto and Keriakis would be going with Alex 2, Red, and Nielsen to Echus Chasma. There were eight recovered Hindenburg craft and more were on the way. Dan was going to work on the spares to try to increase their speed. Pascal 2 was the only medical presence and would remain as agreed at Central, directing Symbiant activity from there.
It had been debated which mode of transport should be used for the Echus trip. Until the terrain was charted, the air method was considered most likely to succeed. All five would enter coordinates for the cliff top. This was a late change of plan. When they could assess the means and interest levels of descending to the base, they would decide on who and how. Red had ‘insisted’ on this because the Rabo magnetic grid might be sophisticated enough to send the craft on two different routes if the hydrogen driven ascent was not feasible from the base to the plateau. They didn’t want to be split up by default.
Pascal 2 asked them to delay the departure until he had revived Radmanov. When the drowsiness was shaken off he didn’t immediately recall the event. He asked for Beth. When Pascal 2 delivered the news that she was aboard the returning Newton he couldn’t suppress a few tears. He was surprisingly calm.

Chapter 24

Scillacci had not had much chance to discuss the cellulose store with anyone but Pascal 2. She said to Carvalho that even if she was right about that being the fuel for the Rabo, there was still work to be done in figuring out how their rather simple looking holding and distribution system delivered the benefit to the rest of the body. She asked for Dane and Finn to be allowed to work with her on the mechanism. As Beijing was still procrastinating on the data module transfer, he agreed this should be done. Then she made reference to her discussion with Beth regarding her proposed questioning of Finn. “Ok, bring him to see me.”
The three of them settled in the Commander’s quarters. “Finn, it has been brought to my attention that maybe we didn’t get as much as we should have from your observations of the accident at the Rift. Instead of asking you what you saw, Dr. Scillacci suggests there may have been other things you can recall which would help explain the outcome.”
Finn replied, “Very well. What kind of observations?”
Scillacci intervened. “I think it would be important for us to hear an account of what you were doing immediately before the event, as it was apparently some minutes before Nielsen informed you of what had already happened.”
“I see. Well, I was taking pressure readings, obtaining small samples of the solidified lava, and giving commentary to Nielsen, then answering his questions.”
Carvalho jumped back in, “The questions were all channelled through Nielsen?”
“No. Mr. Pykonnen usually had more questions than the others, and just a few minutes earlier he had asked me if I could predict the rate of lava outflow over a prolonged period, from each borehole, based on the data we had collected. I thought it was strange that my reply did not provoke another question, as I estimated the pressure falls since the seepage to be relatively low, and the explosive eruption was still a real danger. When I suggested more boreholes should be considered he did not reply. Nielsen did not say anything either. I then realised that both Pykonnen and Radmanov were disconnected from the comm. loop. This is unusual, but before I could confirm that there was no fault at my end, Nielsen had asked if any of the solidified lava contained deposits which had survived the high temperature. I set off to do this and then I was summoned to the surface.”
It was Scillacci’s turn. “So they had switched themselves out of the comm. loop?”
“I believe that is the only feasible explanation.”
Carvalho thanked Finn for his accurate recall of events. When the Symbiant left, the other two looked at each other and realised that the only two people who could comment further were on Mars. Carvalho was concerned. “I must contact Pascal 2 without Radmanov being able to eavesdrop.”
Scillacci asked, “To what purpose?”
“We must let him know what Finn has just told us. I must be stupid – I just need to get Finn to contact him before we move out of grid reference range; that’s the most secure way.”
“Ok Commander, my questions will wait.”
********
The Echus Chasma party had set off so Pascal 2 could only question Radmanov – Nielsen would have to wait. The Russian’s mood had reverted to norm, but he was no longer agitated. His training effectively clicked in and Pascal 2 realised this was going be a calculated response. “Finn has recalled that Pykonnen and you were switched out of the communication loop just prior to Jussi’s fall.”
“Surely Finn doesn’t really recall in the same way as humans do. He must have known that all along, if indeed he was right.”
Pascal 2 conceded the point. “Yes of course, forgive my tendency to lapse into human expression. Nevertheless it would appear that this......”
“That this throws a whole new light on things. Isn’t that what you were going to say? It staggers me that humans have so easily come to regard your kind as infallible. I couldn’t remember at the time whether we were in or out of the loop. However, Nielsen contacted Finn, so if we were out of the loop my screaming would not have been heard. Yes - that must be correct. I had to tap Nielsen on the shoulder to get his attention. Anyway what does all this mean?”
“Well it just seems unusual and poor observance of the safety protocols. Did you not think it was strange that you would not be able to hear Finn relating his findings?”
“Perhaps it occurred just before the tragedy. I didn’t know the comm. was out, so it can only have been an inadvertent error. I can’t imagine why Pykonnen or Nielsen would do this, and Finn would not do so without clearing it with someone. Am I missing something? I just get the feeling the way this discussion is going you suspect the fatality was not an accident.”
Pascal 2 said he wanted to check this out with Nielsen when he got back. “It is only a case of explaining a curious observation.”
“Sure it is – Finn would not have coughed this up on his own initiative, he must have been asked. You seem to forget this kind of investigation is what my entire career has been about. Beijing will be behind this – they are obviously not happy with the reports. As you know I’m not about to leave the planet.”
********
The journey to Echus Chasma revealed several obstacles to ground routes, none of them insurmountable, but one stood out as the best compromise between distance and ease of construction. Of course if there was nothing of interest there, the choice would be irrelevant. When they arrived it was, if nothing else, a breathtaking sight. Not only was the drop from the plateau to the base a sheer one, but the smoothness and extent of the floor, was ultimately bounded by ornate rock formations. The hues reflected by the watery rays of the setting Martian sun were primarily of mottled black, red ochre and regal purple. Behind them the same mini-kaleidoscope identified the outline of the chasm. One decision appeared to have already been made for them. Whilst there was no sign of any Rabo outpost in the immediate vicinity of the chasm, just as Candor was home to their screens, so was Echus. The tell-tale aquamarine flashed its presence along one side of the rift. They secured the Hindenburgs.
They set off, armed with multiples of both types of laser, and the scent of further revelations. Even though this chasm varied in depth, and was much shallower than Candor, it was still too risky for the humans to attempt descent in suits. The cameras, although brilliantly clear, seemed so second-hand when it came to delivering reality.
Alex 2 and Red found a series of ledges which made the descent a sequence of leisurely but accurate jumps. They could only count five screens compared to the fifty-five at Candor. When the first did not activate, they assumed they had started at the wrong end. As they made their way to the other extreme they noticed two typical Rabo entrances cut into the rock either side of the central screen. When the lasers did not open the doors they were not surprised. Previous experience suggested there would be a code. The screen at the far end did activate in the anticipated two stages, one with each type of laser. Stage one confirmed that this was the central point with respect to the pentagons, and the second had the code, which was different only in detail from the ones they had cracked at Utopia Planitia.
When they returned to the doors, they were open. They assumed that this had been triggered by the screen activation. The subdued lights were already on. The Symbiants confirmed to the humans they were now entering the first ‘hall’. They immediately heard the atmosphere controls starting up and proceeded to the anticipated door to the inner chamber. The expected need for the code did not materialise; the door opened and closed behind them as they entered. A slight concern fell over them as to how they would get back out if no code was required.
********
It struck Pascal 2 as strange that neither Carvalho nor Beijing had asked for Radmanov’s replicant to be questioned. Although he would not be of help with the incident at the Rift - if there was concern about his faked medical - the Symbiant would be able to explain it. That is unless Radmanov had asked him to erase specific data. It was rare for Symbiants to take unilateral action but he rationalised that the colony could be in danger. He asked for Ruski to return from forestation duty. When he arrived, Radmanov was summoned. He didn’t seem perturbed by Ruski’s presence. Pascal 2 asked Radmanov if he would mind Ruski being asked a few questions.
“I was wondering how long it would take you to get around to this. I can also guess that you are curious to know why I volunteered for replication. Well I can save you some time. It wasn’t done ‘in the spirit of the mission’; it was a necessary fall back for the recovery of any important information in the event of my demise.”
“Fine,” said Pascal 2, “I shall proceed. Ruski, what do you know of Radmanov’s heart condition?”
“It would have eliminated him from the selection process.”
“So why he was not eliminated?”
Ruski did not hesitate. “The signature of Dr. Velikovsky was appended to the altered medical report.”
“What do you mean by appended? The doctor did not actually sign it?”
“No, his signature was submitted many times to officials in the Russian foreign office. It was merely copied and pasted.” Radmanov smiled and appeared to be enjoying the proceedings.
Pascal 2 resumed. “Do you know why?”
“Yes, the secret service had to get him on this mission.”
Pascal 2 stopped the specific questions and asked Ruski to elaborate. “Very well, the secret service had discovered through one of their agents that an unnamed oligarch was planning to obtain classified information from the Newton mission. Radmanov was to be installed on the mission to monitor this so they could identify this oligarch. The stealing of this information would, if discovered, throw suspicion on the Russian government. They knew from their agent how the information could be obtained and how it could be coded. They needed to know when it would be transmitted. They knew the first recipient but then the trail went dead. The Russian government could have taken their concern to the executive of the big four as it then was, but they wanted this oligarch for other suspected anti-government plans. They saw it as an internal problem and did not want any embarrassment.”
“Is that all, Ruski?”
The Symbiant looked at Radmanov, who nodded. “No, the information was to be obtained and sent by Beth Eisentrager. The prime recipient was her sister Elke. However the diving accident compromised the plan until her sister’s recovery. Radmanov was to strike up a close friendship with Beth and one whereby they would stay in touch after returning to Earth. This would allow him to work with other agents to track down the oligarch.”
Radmanov interrupted. “This was all going pretty well until Pykonnen fell in love with her. I had to try to ruin that relationship and that’s what was happening at the Rift. I got him so mad by showing him a nude photo of her in the shower and told him to ask her about it. He reacted more violently than I expected, trying to hit me. As I evaded the blow his momentum carried him to the rocks and the fatal puncture. Now you have prevented me from completing the arrest of the person who will benefit from her information. It was also why I was installed as the communications officer, so that I would know precisely what she sent. Now it would appear to be your problem.” Pascal 2 asked if she had the information with her.
“Yes, we knew what it was before the mission, but she’s been unable to transmit. It was the analytical composition of Scarlet O’Hara.”
“Surely this oligarch could have sponsored that to be stolen from Beijing.”
“Of course, but that would be a much more difficult task and with the risk of a whistle-blower emerging from within. It’s a routine task now on Mars and yet it has limited access. Beth was a computer expert of the highest capability.”
Pascal 2 ventured another question. “And the oligarch’s purpose?” Radmanov nodded to Ruski again and the Symbiant said only one word, “Synthesis.”
Pascal 2 responded, “But simple assembly of the crystal by Earth science does not include the replication initiator protocols.”
Radmanov said that was almost irrelevant, the perceived value and proof of Beijing’s seal of authenticity would only be offered to extremely wealthy people. If they couldn’t make it work, it was their problem, as that was not part of the deal. “Extras cost more. You must also appreciate that this was an elegant and low cost way of obtaining an accredited priceless commodity
 
Chapter 25

When this news reached Xiang and Carvalho they immediately transmitted a request for Pascal 2 to check the veracity of this with Beth’s replicant – Bee. They asked for Legrange to be updated and for Radmanov to be kept away from any communication facility. A search of his quarters and lockers for hidden equipment was also to be carried out.
Radmanov considered this to be laughable. “You’ve wrecked my mission and at the same time got me off the hook as you acted without knowledge of it until you grilled my replicant. I’m on vacation.”
Bee confirmed Beth’s involvement but knew nothing of the Russian’s brief. Xiang consulted Koppelt, who also saw the irony, and could not resist a jibe. “You want to hand this shambles over to someone who does know the ropes? Roberto, you know the price now has to be adjusted for inflation, don’t you?”
“Ok Karl, but it’s now on a results basis only.”
“Nice try – you have nowhere else to go; you had better close this call before it gets another price hike. Seriously, if we want to avoid the Russians’ embarrassment, I need some help I can trust. I want to allow the transaction to take place. Don’t worry – I’ll personally see to it that the information in the transaction is garbage. That’s why I need the help at your end when Beth arrives. I’ll get someone to call on you in Beijing just prior to docking. He will use the name Hanson. Please tell Carvalho and his people to back off Beth altogether.”
********
Alex 2 and Red were confronted with a huge map. This had information about the pentagons and the ‘structure at the base of the cliff’. The latter was more interesting right now. It contained dozens of chambers and they each had exhibits, which ranged from tributes and achievements of their leaders, through anatomical modification eras, to spacecraft design. They need not have worried about their exit. They had to proceed through to the other half of the complex. The counterpart antechamber contained a list of questions, which, when answered, presumably with acceptable accuracy, would yield a communication device to the Rabo themselves, albeit far away. The next door led back to the chasm. The ability to decipher and answer the questions implied that only a species with the ‘right credentials’ would gain access to the communication device. Before attempting the extensive list Alex 2 reported their findings to the humans above. He also said the code they had obtained must be for the vast hall and chambers at the base of the cliff. The drawings also indicated a door up on the plateau itself, but it was not clear whether this was an entrance or exit. There was a shaft directly below the door leading to the complex below – perhaps an elevator. Alex 2 asked the humans to search for this door while they tried to pass the ‘exam’. The questions were in a progressively difficult order. They were in three sections; the first involved pure mathematics, the second related to calculations confirming the observation of precession, and the third involved the argument over the ‘unbreakable’ barrier of the speed of light. It struck Alex 2 and Red that they were intended to eliminate any life form which had gained entry by brute force or with the assistance of natural upheaval of the terrain. The first two sections posed no problems but the third produced a dilemma. The Symbiants still harboured the notion that the Rabo had been influenced by the Interference. The questions did not give Alex 2 or Red the feeling that the Rabo totally understood the questions themselves. Maybe they were still seeking answers themselves. They hesitated. Red suggested that as the transmission was likely to be radio waves or some similar approach, it would take ten years at the speed of light to reach Epsilon Eridani and longer to the Gliese system. These were the only known settlements outside the solar system. The caretakers would be here before they received the message. It could wait – at least until they had explored the chambers at the bottom of the cliff.
Nielsen reported that they had found the door but it would not open with the lasers. Alex 2 acknowledged this and said they were on their way back from the chasm.
********
Koppelt had two names from an old adversary in Russia. Yelena Ledovskaya had worked tirelessly for the motherland without the recognition which she felt she deserved. When Koppelt had explained the rudiments of the plot, without names of people or description of the information to be retrieved, he was selling her an opportunity. He had convinced her that her government would be grateful for avoidance of embarrassing involvement. She only had to deliver the name of the oligarch responsible, get them to contact Koppelt, and he would confirm that the information had been intercepted and the personnel neutralised. They would already know these people but would probably deny it. They would possibly check if she knew them and he would verify that she did not. It meant that instead of them believing their preventative action had failed, they could report the opposite.
The two names she gave him were both living outside Russia, which she believed was the only way they could have set up the plan. One was wanted to face charges of corruption, but they had been unsuccessful in extraditing him. The other was free to travel in and out of the country but was constantly under surveillance while he was ‘home’.
Koppelt would have to cover them both. He had also taken into account that as Beth could no longer use the routing through Elke, there would probably be another conduit. The oligarch would not entertain direct involvement. Then there was the question of her payoff. It would be pointless to go to these lengths to give the Russians bone fide deniability, and then prosecute Beth, with its attendant exposure. He decided that she would not receive her payoff, as she would know that only her silence would prevent her family being disgraced by a prosecution.
Alexei Vanovyvic was basically exiled in Kuwait. Mikhail Korolev travelled between London, Geneva and St. Petersburg continually, and he had residence permits plus substantial properties in each location. When Koppelt reported this progress to Xiang he said he could handle any Korolev link. He was pessimistic about Kuwait. Xiang told him that he knew someone who could help, and to expect contact soon.
********
It felt like a long flight on Newton with the Symbiants silently devouring every module from Beijing and then raising multiple questions arising from the data. Carvalho and Scillacci were walking a mental tightrope to avoid giving Beth any clue that she was under scrutiny. She was however, at last shedding guilt over both Pykonnen and Radmanov. She had, for the first half of the journey repeatedly requested to see Pykonnen’s body. In her words it was ‘to remind her of what might have been’. Quite suddenly the need evaporated – she preferred to confide in Scillacci, who noticed these tete-a-tetes invariably detoured to the doctor’s medical expertise on the ‘physiology’ of the Symbiants. Scillacci alerted Carvalho to this and they reported it to Beijing but the reply was absolutely clear in its directive. They were to act normally to this as with everything else; she must have no reason whatsoever to think she was being watched. She had to arrive in Beijing utterly certain she had got away with her prized intellectual property theft. Scillacci and Carvalho understood all this and complied, yet they were intrigued as to why, after all this time, she took such an interest in the ‘chemistry’ of the Symbiants. Pascal 2’s statement to Radmanov that the raw analytical composition data would be devoid of replication mechanics echoed in their thoughts.
********
The gathering at the door on the plateau was debating the options. The consensus was reached swiftly. If the door could not be opened from the plateau to give transit flexibility between this point and the base via the shaft, then some of them would need to descend with their Hindenburgs. It was important to have a Symbiant in each location in case Rabo translation was required to open the door from above. Red and Nielsen would descend and report to the others as necessary.
When the two of them reached base they both remarked that the smooth surface was divided by a perfectly straight line running away from and perpendicular to the cliff face. They proceeded to the massive facade with its indented ‘entrance’. They were relieved that the laser lit up the now familiar Rabo symbols. The code was input and the two halves of the impressively accurate parabolic slabs of rock began to part with an accompanying rumble which conveyed success to the gallery above. The initial chamber was lit, but appeared to be subdued compared to the previous one. It was also extremely regular and so clean cut that it ruled out any thoughts of a naturally occurring cavern. There were multiple ‘signposts’ in this gargantuan hall, each had some kind of routing diagram, like those of human underground transport systems. They could not make good contact with the others with the comm. so they had to rely on the Symbiants’ technobabble. It was difficult to know where to go first, even if they knew how. They searched for anything which resembled the door on the plateau. They deduced that maybe this ‘building’ was multi-storey as well as multi-chamber, and decided to try to work their way upwards. They eventually found a console which was promising. Red concluded that the massive structure was a cube, and the three-dimensional coordinates were prefixed by a colour, denoting a sector where there would be ascent/descent shafts. There were nine vertical coloured sectors, utilising the seven spectral hues plus black and white. Each sector had nine levels and each level had a central shaft, plus a set of stops for each level, and another horizontal circuit of the coloured sectors. The white sector was central and was the only one with a tenth level. Red remarked, “The tenth level in the white sector must be the access to the plateau door. It is a complete departure from their obsession with the number five.”
“Not complete Red,” chirped Nielsen, “look at the outline of the colours, there is a cross depicted from the four mid-side colours passing through the central white sector. Perhaps there is some connection or differentiation of these sectors.”
“Maybe,” conceded Red, showing no embarrassment at having dismissed such a tenuous link, “let us try to ascend through the white sector.”
The colours forming the cross were yellow, red, green, blue and white, whereas those occupying the corner sectors were orange, indigo, violet and black. Nielsen could not shake off the fascination with this. He felt it was deliberate because the console diagrams had a delineating line of black running around the outline of the cross which changed to white at the intersection with the black sector. Why bother with this if it meant nothing?
********
“Mr. Koppelt, my name is Sadat. I was asked to contact you regarding an Alexei Vanovyvic.”
“Yes Mr. Sadat, I would appreciate any information you may have or can obtain on this man. Also, I need to be able to track his movements and those of any contacts he may make.”
Sadat took some time in replying. “I can tell you that he is tolerated in Kuwait. His mother is Kuwaiti but he has been refused dual citizenship many times. He has a valid visa and his mother inherited considerable estate from her father’s passing. There is an imposing property included in the inheritance which he uses. He does not appear to travel outside of the USAr. He has a Russian wife and estate lawyer, and the latter often journeys between Kuwait and Moscow. As far as tracking him is concerned, that would be better left to a Kuwaiti national, for many reasons – not least that your people would not really blend in there. This could be arranged but may take a little time. As I have said, he is already being scrutinised continually. I am led to believe that this is because most of the oil sheiks are nervous of his intent.”
“Well that is fantastic Mr. Sadat. If he is always being shadowed, it removes my concern. He would perceive this as more of the same if he suspected surveillance. Thank you for your invaluable help.” Koppelt was relieved as he was receiving reports that Mikhail Korolev was proving to be very elusive. Blacked out vehicles, emerging from private estates, with some frequency, rendered it almost impossible to know whether he was inside. He was going to need more manpower.
********
As Red informed Alex 2 of their intent to ascend to the door he simultaneously opened the way with his laser to a red sector ‘tram’. When they had entered a number of options flashed on the map and others remained unlit. Without hesitation Red entered the white, then the sector route icons and ultimately the centre three-dimensional reference values. Off they went with silent efficiency. Upon arrival and exit from the tram, they were confronted with an additional choice – a tram to one of the pentagons. Nielsen was modestly proud of out-guessing the Symbiant. Red was quick to acknowledge intuition was for once ahead of logic drawn from experience. “You were right Mr. Nielsen, this means that there should be a direct tram to another pentagon from somewhere in the red sector. We just did not find it yet.”
Nielsen was magnanimous. “Quite understandable really, they are very large sectors.”
Having located the central vertical tram they found the ascent was almost without sensation, yet they arrived in a few seconds. It did not require a code for the door; an internal ‘switch’ did the trick. The awaiting trio beamed as they emerged, as this meant they were not dependent on the Hindenburg craft for the rest of the exploration. When asked about the pentagons, Red said they did not yet know anything about their function. He added, “The priority must be to explore this complex; it is massive and must contain crucial information.”
 
Chapter 26

At last Newton was nearing docking preparation. Beth was visibly more upbeat as the prospect of seeing Elke again edged closer. Scillacci found it difficult to look at her without betraying the suspicion in which she was now held. Carvalho was more circumspect – entreating her to take some quality time with her family before re-engaging her career. “Have you decided what you’ll do?”
“No, but I have decided what I will not do. I won’t be taking up any position, no matter how interesting or rewarding, which completely cuts me off from my sister. I have, according to my father, some lucrative offers pending, but I will take my time.” Carvalho pressed a little further. “You mean you won’t work outside of Germany?”
“That’s not what I meant. On Mars there was no way back except via mission return. I did resolutely waive the first chance to come back but it was the most difficult decision of my life. I would, however, like to think something will whet my appetite in Europe.”
Scillacci jumped in, “The Commander has suggested that, apart from attending Jussi’s memorial service in Beijing, if the family are willing, we should go to the real funeral in his homeland. I agree.”
Beth stuttered at the sudden predicament. She had just confessed that she stalled coming back to see her sister (presumably before she had obtained the analytical data), and Pykonnen’s funeral in Finland was fixed. Her dilemma was two more days waiting to see Elke, or seeming pretty shallow by missing the send-off of someone for whom she confessed she had feelings. “I’ll have to think about that. I must admit I feel I should go, but I..I, I am torn... I think I have already committed to be at my family reunion. I should have thought... er… considered this earlier. I’ll try to see his family at the memorial service and apologise. Do you think they will understand?”
Carvalho genuinely scolded her. “Well I’m sure they will. After all, they don’t know you, whereas we perhaps had expected more. Never mind, it can’t hurt Jussi anymore.” The Commander left to speak with Dane and Finn. Beth poured out the tears. “Oh Sophia, do you feel the same as he does?”
“Not quite,” lied Scillacci, “it’s just a surprise – as we are going as colleagues – whereas you had an emotional bond with Jussi. I try not to be judgemental in these situations; I’ve encountered all kind of reactions in my medical career, so I tend to take professional distance when the deceased is discussed. You have to do what you have to do.”
********
The exploration team had descended in the tram to the ground floor and split into two groups again to begin mapping this great centre of learning. The first blank which was filled in was a dedicated console showing that the dividing line outside was in fact a huge set of horizontally opening doors. However there were so many inviting areas that they agreed to get a general feel for all sectors before getting into minute detail on any. As the revelations in the chasm had promised they were logically segregated. The red sector in which they now stood was dedicated to information about their history seen through the leaders of the time. There were distinct differences in physical appearance through the ages according to the visual representations which were displayed. The yellow section complimented this somewhat, with the periods divided by explanations of these differences, and why they had been implemented, rather than a natural evolvement. It could be viewed as ‘transplant’ history. The green section was devoted to the age of the sphere, almost ‘religiously’ delineated from previous eras, in the same way as humans talked of dates as either BC or AD. The blue sector dealt with the codification of principles by which their evolution had been shaped, not exactly laws but accepted practice. The white section was confined to space exploration and the breakthrough which enabled them to embrace interstellar travel. Also the white sector had a control section for the massive outside doors. The irresistible urge to open them materialised in the exposure of a huge silo; it had mounting platforms capable of housing machines which would be of awesome proportions. The platforms were empty. The white section also told of a pentagon manufacturing unit associated with this sector. It struck Red, because of his experience at Pandora’s Rift and Utopia Planitia, that the Rabo input for the trams was much simpler. He knew that the three dimensional coordinates specified the location within the cube without the need for colour or level input. He pondered whether this meant that there were different groups of individuals, categorised by aptitude, some of whom would struggle with the retention of all possible 3D references within the cube.
********
Pascal 2 had been informed by the Symbiants who studied Utopia Planitia that all possible data had been extracted. He then instructed Bee and Ruski to organise the final trip. They were to bring as many Hindenburgs as possible using the earth movers and other ground traffic via the new road. They were to leave the odd vehicle along the route at intervals similar to the charging stations to cover for emergency or breakdowns.
Once this was achieved he wanted those Symbiants to be available for forestation or transfer to Echus Chasma. The forestation growth continued to impress – it was beginning to be self-generating and just needed a final push to achieve this objective. Its own climatic cycle was slowly but steadily raising oxygen and condensation levels. There was also tenuous evidence that sub-surface soil temperature differences were diminishing between night and day.
The rock sampling at Pandora’s rift had been virtually completed before Finn had left for Earth. Dan continued the monitoring of boreholes and implemented Finn’s recommendation to drill more. The ice water supplies were mounting and Dan asked Van de Ende to use one of the small pumps, delivered with the flat pack cargo by Newton, with a tube heated by some solar fabric from a spare Hindenburg, to drain it away from the hot spot. The objective was twofold – to avoid cooling the boreholes and produce a reservoir which could supply Marineris by pipeline in future. He registered the need for a large suction pump to be added to the cargo of Columbus.
********
Sadat’s people had really done a job on Vanovyvic. They had even managed to obtain data hacked from his computer system in Kuwait. However, the comprehensive operation had not yielded any indicator which would throw specific suspicion on him in this plot. The picture on Korolev was becoming more interesting. One of his trusted aides was a Russian living in Germany. Her residence permit was granted recently and Koppelt switched his attention to this woman. He checked her out with Ledovskaya, who did not recognise the name but promised to ferret out any links with Korolev.
Within a couple of days she revealed that this woman was kicked out of the Russian secret service early in her career. She had operated in Britain and was suspected of being a double agent. As she was pretty lightweight, in fact little more than a trainee, it had not required her disappearance. She was fed disinformation and the British washed their hands of her; on return to Russia she was declared unsuitable. She had changed the name she used, but not through any official channel. She now called herself Caterina Tsiolovsky. Koppelt was sure he had Beth’s new contact and although it was a gamble, time was not on his side. He decided to concentrate all surveillance on Beth and Tsiolovsky.
********
Xiang would have liked to have been able to simply bask in the abundant and exciting revelations at Echus Chasma, but the imminent arrival of Newton, the Columbus crew announcement, the FBI involvement, Mike’s lone task, and Koppelt’s updates, all ensured he was burning a lot of nervous energy. He also had the small matter of Pykonnen’s memorial to oversee. The family members were already in Beijing to witness the transference from the space elevator to the place of prominence for the ceremony. He had instructed Carvalho to detain both Finn and Dane on board until the body and the family had been united and moved on. Then the two Symbiants would be collected by medical staff and escorted to quarantine. They would not be exposed to the media at any time. A private jet would whisk them from quarantine directly to Quebec, where Mike would take care of the rest. Once Scillacci, Beth and Carvalho had cleared decontamination they would have an obligatory session with the media. Beth was then expected to attend the memorial before making her way to Germany under Koppelt’s microscope, while the other two would be required for further briefing.
********
Xiang had confirmation that the FBI had rounded up those fronting the consortium. This was a big success for them on the drugs front and bought some time for Beijing with regard to Scarlet O’Hara. However, there was still the Russian, and he could inspire those who would be prepared to deal in the crystals, even though he was not in the drugs market. He decided, after consultation with Alex 2 and the Executive that a statement would be released to the media. It read - ‘There has been much speculation concerning the red Martian crystals and their ability to replicate life forms. This speculation increased as a direct result of the live replication of Suliman Ali following the return of Copernicus. It is necessary to correct some of the misconceptions which surround these crystals. Although the composition is known but classified, we can absolutely allay any fears that the Council for Human Exploration, governments or individuals can manufacture them from this data. The chemical ratio of elements is simply the ‘skeleton’ of the crystal. The replication mechanism is a development of the Progenitors and that knowledge is exclusive to them. Even the Continuance does not have access to this fundamental information’.
Although he expected some interpretation that this statement was a cover up or economical with the truth, it was reasonable to believe it would prompt any new entrepreneurs to check the facts before entering an imaginary market, the downside being that if the message was successful, there would a refocusing by the same people on finding crystal of Earthly origin.
********
Alex 2, Keriakis and Yamamoto reported that the top three levels of the coloured sectors forming the cross seemed to be ‘offices’, as they had small aquamarine screens at every station or desk. The three floors below that were reminiscent of planning or research; and the bottom three were for receiving and distributing goods, within and onward from the cube. Red and Nielsen had by then determined that the black, orange, indigo and violet sectors were living quarters. The first impressions, back at Utopia Planitia, that the Rabo did not seem to have a hierarchical civilisation, were wrong. The black section contained the most spacious and elegant living space. The violet sector was less ostentatious but still quite roomy. The indigo accommodation was functional without frills and the orange section offered only basic needs and space. There was still much to explore in this vast construction but there was also the lure of the pentagons. Since they had a very good general outline of how the cube operated they opted for the pentagons, and the white one had to be first.
As they arrived they suffered an anti-climax; this pentagon was small in comparison to their interpretation of data at the cube. They were guilty of premature judgement. This pentagon was the inner arrival/departure zone of a colossal manufacturing complex. The adrenalin levels rose again when they saw components of spacecraft and assembly plans; it appeared as though they were just waiting for the new shift to arrive and put them together. It took them hours just to walk around the perimeter. This was too important to delay informing both Marineris Central and Beijing. Pascal 2 duly passed on the breaking news, and this was beginning to snowball on Earth as an equally significant moment to the discovery of the Continuance.

Chapter 27

The Beijing service for Jussi Pykonnen had inherited an additional dimension with the Martian discoveries at the cube and pentagon. It forced the usual speeches into a subordinate role. His life had not been terminated without purpose; he was an integral part of a new gateway for the human race. His family could scarcely concentrate on events because of requests by the media for interviews and future rights to his life story. It also prompted Beth to declare that the family should be given private closure. “I honestly feel, Commander, that you and Sophia should reconsider your intent to burden Jussi’s relatives further with the presence of outsiders in Finland. They have been overwhelmed by this circus and the least they deserve is to be left alone from here.” She was feeling good about reversing the mantle of guilt.
“You’re right Beth. I can’t deny what you say. Anyway I guess Xiang will want to get this briefing over quickly. I hope all is well with Elke and I’d like to think we will stay in touch.” He gave her an enthusiastic if insincere hug.
Scillacci said that there was no need to repeat Carvalho’s sentiment and she wished her all the best in whatever career she decided to follow. They kissed each other on both cheeks and then Beth walked away; she did glance back and wave. There were no tears. As she checked out of her quarters later, and came to her pre-booked taxi to the airport, she at last breathed a sigh of relief. It was a relief which lasted no more than six short minutes. She recognised the man who entered the cab from somewhere, yet protested that it was a private booking and she was in a hurry, with a flight to catch. The driver shrugged his shoulders innocently and the ‘intruder’ showed her his accreditation as Hanson, working for Beijing intelligence. “We are going to the airport Miss Eisentrager and you will not miss your flight. We will need to have a short meeting there and all will be explained.”
Her mind was racing. Were they onto her? Why did he say she would not miss her flight? Was it in connection with Jussi’s death? Why did he not contact her at Beijing HQ? There was no further conversation en-route to the airport. He paid for the taxi. He hailed a porter and instructed him to take her luggage to a private room. They followed behind. Her silence gave way. “I must check my luggage on to the flight.”
He ignored the request saying only, “Follow the porter.”
As they entered the room her heart sank. She was greeted with a smile and cursory welcome from Koppelt. Hanson left them alone.
********
The Rabo spacecraft assembly charts were incredibly detailed and painstakingly explained except for the means of moving from departure point to destination. The procedures of incorporation and principles of operation were there, but not the actual theoretical laws of physics which enabled the energy required, either in quantity or source. This more or less confirmed to the two Symbiants that there must have been a ‘gift from the gods’ somewhere along the line. However, that in itself was a paradox if that gift had come courtesy of the Interference. Their understanding was that one criterion for their involvement was a basic comprehension by the species of the subject matter under scrutiny. Although the Rabo had achieved some creditable technical success, there was no evidence yet that their evolutionary research had advanced far enough to be an acceptable recipient of such a favour. Red and Alex 2 conferred and decided that there might be some clue to this in the historical red or white sectors back at the cube. Red left the group to do a thorough search on this specific point. Yamamoto and Keriakis stayed to catalogue as much as possible and attempt to find an exit leading to the surface. If there was no such exit the implication of how to get an assembled craft out would pose great problems. The only other possibility appeared to be time-consuming shipment of sub-assemblies to the cube and completion in the silo. Alex 2 and Nielsen returned to the inner pentagon and boarded a direct tram to the pentagon which connected to the blue sector. This pentagon was totally populated by offices and Alex 2 deemed them to be for Rabo ‘lawyers’. This would wait. The next clockwise tram took them to the pentagon connected to the green sector. Again the assembly and highly detailed manufacturing flow charts of the sphere were in evidence, and this was partitioned from a clean room production line. However, there was a gap in explanation of the exact theoretical derivation of the knowledge. There were more than three hundred steps in the process. The next stop was the yellow sector pentagon connection. This was becoming a repetitive picture. The history of artificial transplant surgery was on show as well as the up to date (at that time) clinics with operating theatres. It looked like a fitting plant for an automobile carcass to inherit wheels, engine, steering etc. The missing explanation of the chemical background was less of a surprise this time. The last stop before returning to the inner pentagon was the red sector/pentagon. Both Nielsen and Alex 2 had waited until this stop before declaring that there was only an inner pentagon on the line from the cube’s white sector. The others were missing this feature. This stop did not need too much in the way of technical elucidation; it was the equivalent of the Valley of the Kings in Egypt. The exhibits were perfectly preserved ‘mummies’ and were arranged in a slightly menacing, upright stance. They were accompanied by plaques, denoting their span of office and achievements. Alex 2 remarked that the dates were only ‘post sphere’ era, implying that the previous leaders referred to back in the red sector ‘library’ were somewhere else, maybe even their homeworld.
The grid reference contact from Red was confirmatory. Having trawled many terabytes of information he had experienced, when travelling backwards in time, a subtle change from factual to mythical notation. A few ‘dynasties’ prior to the age of the sphere, the prominent astronomers predicted the cataclysmic implications from the behaviour of the gas giants. The Leader had listened carefully and accepted that unless they planned to leave the planet, the entire civilisation would perish. It was agreed that although this could not be achieved within his tenure, the programme would commence immediately. His legacy would be the survival of the Rabo. The tale went on to say that many failures and deaths were part of the price they paid to finally enable them to escape the gravity of the planet. However, the euphoria was short-lived when the astronomers reported that the planet had a new wobble in its orbit around its star, and that remaining time was shorter than anticipated. The scientists emphasised that reaching and settling another planet in the system was one challenge and only a temporary solution, leaving their solar system was another. Even if they had mastered the transportation aspects they would have to be physically ‘reinforced’ to survive the hazards of traversing such distances. Despair spread and reached epidemic proportions. The science community began to bicker and factions arose from the divide – there was challenge to science from those extolling acceptance of ‘fate’. The tale took on biblical proportions when, just as Moses was confronted with the impassable Red Sea, one of the least pessimistic scientists declared to the Leader he had experienced a vision of utter simplicity. It was not something to be understood, it was just there and always had been. He prepared schematics which astounded his peers and doubters alike. He did get support from the ever increasing ‘fate’ membership. With everything and nothing to lose the Leader was credited and subsequently revered for his seal of approval to accept fate. The scientist however became the pivotal member of the Rabo escape from 55 Cancri. No individual, before or since, had been bestowed with the onerous title of Master of Fate. The schematics were employed to demonstrate orbital experiments to send a ‘manned’ craft to another star system and despatch confirmation of arrival and coordinates, which would be time-delayed. Although the schematics skated over the principles, they were said to be ‘the most basic harvesting of cosmic energy in small, and then increasing quantities until spatial instability revealed a wormhole. Parting the galaxy seemed at least as significant as effecting the same gravitational improbability with the Red Sea. The tale went on and gathered more mystique as the vision had also blueprinted the degree to which natural evolution of the Rabo physiology had to be interfered with.
When Red had rejoined Alex 2 and Nielsen with the others at the assembly ‘hangar’, they discussed the ‘new and old testaments’ of the Rabo. The Symbiants, being big on facts and almost allergic to speculation, stated that no matter how they had arrived here, the Rabo had done so – fact. The same logic could be applied to the physiological journey; there were certainly distinctly different ratios of organic to inorganic components and they had survived both journeys – fact. Piecing together the rest and separating historical accuracy from mythology would be an arduous chore. They favoured researching the technologies to determine their validity and origin. Nielsen agreed but was cut off by Yamamoto, addressing Alex 2. “This confuses me. During the flight to Mars, you and Red were fairly confident that the circumstantial evidence up to that point indicated some possible interaction with the Interference. Since then there has been doubt about that because you do not perceive the plight of the Rabo as typical of a scenario which would attract the Interference. Exactly which logic is it you are promoting now? Before you answer, how about another species, not connected to the Progenitors, having the role of Samaritans. Could this not be considered? I fully support researching what is placed in front of us; we would surely do that anyway, but please bear in mind that successful research is based on facts leading to hypothesis. I can’t help returning to Red’s account, myth or factual, that we rarely see multiple paradigm jumps of such magnitude in an incredibly short time from such a modest starting point. I am aware of a commonly held view that paradigm intervals can shorten and progress to an exponential curve, but that is also dependent on the point of origin. Logic would dictate that intervention would shift the gradient in a way which is consistent with current observations.”
Red did not take issue with this but maintained it did not affect the next steps dramatically. “If there was intervention, there could only really be two types – one which the Rabo were aware of and another they were not. The ‘mythical’ text is not clear on that. All we are saying is that as fascinating as the existence of a benefactor may be, we are more likely to discover the truth as consequence of structured research rather than research which is dedicated to pinpointing intervention as the objective.” 
They smiled and found a tenuous accord. One thing had changed as a result. They needed more personnel to tackle this multifaceted project.

Chapter 28

Beth did not have to guess what the meeting was about any longer. Koppelt succinctly sketched in the damning evidence and affirmed that she would still make her flight, but with a new objective. “You are fortunate that I have influence over which way this charade will proceed. There are those who are in favour of making a watershed example of you and your traitorous family, with the appropriate sentence of incarceration for you and your sister, regardless of her medical condition. I take the view that your duty in considered hindsight is to lead us to the fountain of such treachery. You indicate your repentance by giving me the authentic information you were to deliver and I provide you with substitute data, albeit with the mandatory Beijing seals etc. You then continue as if we had never met, and make the agreed exchange. You will then be picked up to surrender your payoff and we take it from there. There is no room for negotiation and little time for you to make the flight – I would estimate perhaps eight to ten minutes before our substitute Beth Eisentrager boards in your place with valid documentation and a second copy of the substitute data. If you were to deliberate too long you will miss the flight and face the aforementioned prosecution. Please don’t ask what you can expect as remission if you do as we ask. That will only be up for consideration after the entire plot has been wound up. All I can say at this stage is that it will not be so hard on your family. Anyway, here I am eating up your valuable time in arriving at a decision – we are down to about five minutes.”
She slid the flash drive and signed printouts with the Beijing notification of receipt to Koppelt. He nodded and said, “We had better go. Please hand over any mobile communicators and we will take our seats together, we reserved them in advance; I hope you are comfortable with that. Make sure the body scanner doesn’t pick up anything suspicious as we leave the room, or our offer will be withdrawn.”
********
When Mike was joined by Dane and Finn they spent a short time updating each other as Mike was a replicant with Scarlet O’Hara from Earth origin whereas the new arrivals were from the Mars variety. It was of great interest to Dane and Finn that Mike had knowledge of earlier interaction with humans via the Sumerians. They wanted to know in what way those people were different from today’s ‘strain’. In trying to sum it up in one sentence he said, “Only incrementally in intellectual capacity, but significantly more complex in withholding or transferring information.” He then updated them on the project en-route to his first chosen site.
********
Pascal 2 contacted Xiang to discuss the request for more ‘manpower’ at Echus Chasma. They agreed to relocate Dan to the site and temporarily shelve his work with the borehole project. Van de Ende was to accompany him. The site at Utopia Planitia was now unmanned and the Symbiants had transferred to forestation objectives. This left only Pascal 2, Radmanov and Legrange at Marineris Central. It also underlined the pressing need to either allow more replications or seriously increase the rate of humans being transferred to Mars. Carvalho had been persuaded to return to Mars with Columbus. Park had been included in the nominated crew. Scillacci now had overall responsibility for merging Isaakson’s research with her own concentrated study of the Rabo’s chronological metamorphosis. The Columbus crew had been selected on the basis that the humans currently on Mars had agreed to extended stays. Also with no Symbiants on this trip the human contingent in the colony would be significantly boosted. The whole programme had received a shot in the arm with approval of further construction of Martian people carriers as well as a concrete timetable of Columbus and Newton shuttles. The bias of skills to match this change of gear would see engineering rise to the top, to enable infrastructure planning.
********
The compliment at the cube was now seven and the workload was to be split into three areas. The priorities were simulated spacecraft, sphere assembly, and the understanding of transplant reasoning and its interface with the sphere.
Dan, Yamamoto and Van de Ende were charged with that considered most urgent – spacecraft, including the localised problem of transport/assembly. Alex 2 and Nielsen undertook the construction of a sphere, leaving Red and Keriakis to study Rabo physiology and feed information back to Scillacci.
One of Dan’s first actions was to revisit the argument made by Yamamoto to his fellow Symbiants. He regarded this as essential in view of them both having propulsion as their main area of expertise. “I have some commonality with your view and I hope we can review this as we proceed. I liken the task to an example of human development; a child who has been educated to depend on an everyday calculator without a proper grounding in arithmetic roots can still outperform one who has had the benefit of both. The first child has no doubt or fear of the wrong result and can consequently often operate faster. While it can be argued that the second is more equipped to pick up an error, the real debate can centre on the reliability of the calculator. If we substitute any Rabo intervention for the calculator the answer to our conundrum may be implicit, as we can emulate both the first and second child.” Yamamoto received this well and they started to call up the inventory from the Rabo computer planner.
Alex 2 and Nielsen initially focussed on the sequencing of the three hundred plus steps in the sphere and particularly the in-line tests prior to a completed component joining another in the flow chart. This appeared necessary because a number of junctions demanded rigid adherence to these fusion steps in terms of time delay. There were some seventeen in which exceeding the specified two-second maximum would result in failure.
Red and Keriakis began with the ‘digestion’ implant. The schematic indicated the physical breakdown of cellulose, to almost molecular units, had to be achieved to enable the correct rate and consistency of nitrogen absorption to feed the breakdown products on to the various organic nodes.
********
Having arrived in Frankfurt Beth was to proceed to her rendezvous with Caterina Tsiolovsky. A quiet city park in the twin city of Mainz had been designated. Both women were followed by their respective relays of agents and the exchange was recorded on several mobiles seconds prior to apprehending and arresting them. They were taken to separate vehicles and deprived of their merchandise. Beth was stripped of an extremely large amount of cash. Tsiolovsky was more confused than shocked. Koppelt turned the confusion to fear. “We will not waste time with how or why we were able to welcome you – we both know that. We now need you to explain exactly what the next step is and we will assist in you being punctual.”
She was trained to answer a question with a question. Koppelt said he would indulge her with two questions then he would be obliged to burden the Russian authorities with her involvement in a serious crime. He then explained that she really ought to consider herself as expendable by her employer, and Koppelt would guarantee that she need not meet with him; he would take care of that once he knew the schedule. “You are pretty small beer in the overall jigsaw. We won’t be shooting the messenger and the Russian officials don’t need to know of your role.” He then gambled. “We only want Korolev to be made to answer for his actions, and to the people he has transgressed against.” He was able to gauge her reaction before she spoke; he was the man.
“Who are you?”
Koppelt replied with menace. “You should be relieved that we aren’t the Russians, and you are well enough trained to know it is better that you don’t know who we are. It is time to decide. Make the call or we make ours to Moscow.”
Her nervousness gave way to surrender. “It is a little more complicated than one call. I am not an expert in chemistry. I have to deliver the information to such an expert in St. Petersburg and when he has vetted the content positively my role is at an end, I get paid and he deals with the boss.”
“Very well, that means we have to travel together and we’ll intervene at the appropriate time. You will then be free to go.”
She asked, “Can I assume that the information is bona fide? Because if not both Beth and I will be at risk.”
“Of course it is authentic, what kind of morons do you take us to be?” bluffed Koppelt. “Having an operation as important as this fail, because of an elementary blunder would not go down well. We need to neutralise the man in St Petersburg as well as Korolev, because of his ability to interpret and validate the content. Set up the meeting.” She complied.
********
Mike led his two compatriots to the quiet location not far from South Ham, Quebec. There had been mining of antimony from Lac Nicolet in the past, however the indications from Park’s research had suggested a semi-exposed ridge just over thirty miles away. Mike’s initial scavenging had drawn blanks, so now that he had help, he could explore more of the submerged strata. The layering was very loose and easily checked; the problem was the possibility of landslides. This would have introduced an additional complication for humans but the use of technobabble meant the Symbiants could sequence the timing of extractions from different locations without being able to see one another. Warnings would be equally efficient. Several days of fruitless searches convinced them that this location was unlikely to yield crystal. Mike informed Xiang that they would move on to China, which supplied around eighty percent of the world’s antimony. There would however be problems. The area to be investigated was vast and the Chinese had very rigorous permit checks. Fortunately Beijing, and therefore Xiang had a modest advantage in this respect, but it could involve medical as well as identity screening. They didn’t want to alert anyone to the fact that these permits were for Symbiants.
 
Chapter 29

The ‘propulsion’ unit was always going to be the most compelling stage. Van de Ende was therefore allowed to progress the more mechanical elements. Dan and Yamamoto had been presented by the computerised inventory provider with a host of cubes and plates. The black cubes were just under 0.5 of a metre each side. They were mirror-like, hard, lightweight units. To the human eye they were totally opaque; however the Symbiant vision apparatus determined they were composed of a myriad of tiny cubes, each with an oscillating plate inside. The attitude of these plates was always different to all six of its neighbouring mini-cubes. The large black ‘parent’ cubes were to be set between two grey plates which were described as particle emitters, targeted at two opposite faces of the cube. The schematic explained that the other four faces were to be complimented with receptor plates. This was called a cell. The resulting energy beam from each cell was to be focussed into a confined section to be prepared for exhaust. This section was to be calibrated with astonishing precision to the inlet section in terms of pulsed operation. At this point and throughout the rest of the schematic it was stressed repeatedly that under no circumstances must the cubes be activated until the craft was leaving orbit. There was a clue in this activation sequence of the Rabo knowledge level at the time. The inlet of ‘empty’ space to fuel this procedure was highlighted as a change in understanding. Prior to this project there was no conception that the ‘vacuum’ in the Cosmos was anything but nothingness.
The firing up of the emitter plates caused the mini-cubes to return a statistically regulated percentage of the level one excited particles to those plates, and the rest were directed to the receivers. As this was repeated, a controlled build-up of increasingly excited particles would cause the parent cube to become ‘white hot’. The monitoring software would then synchronise the dimensionally opposed receiver plates in each cell to deliver their output to the exhaust section. When the velocity of the craft – powered by its conventional propulsion method reached the targeted value spatial distortion would commence. Telemetric data would categorise the unfolding picture as ‘Active 1’. Further incremental velocity jumps would denote possible wormhole coordinates. Inlet – exhaust frequency had to increase commensurate with velocity. It was explained that wormholes were not necessarily permanent phenomena and consequently origin and destination could vary. This was all empirical stuff – there was a distinct lack of delineation of particles and energy calculations. Bearing in mind that it was recorded almost three million years ago, and assuming the Rabo had avoided extinction, it would be interesting to see if the caretakers had advanced in their understanding of the technology.
 Alex 2 and Nielsen had done well. The production of the outer shell of the sphere had been achieved. Modulating the increasing density of the polymer to the specification had proved time consuming. The exterior had to be rigid to fit with the housing requirements, but it had to conform to a gradient of flexibility towards the interface with the inner core. At the intersection, the freedom for the core to absorb shock was critical and the inner surface of the outer shell was rigorously scanned for any defect. The inner core was injected, as polymer foam, to predetermined pressure targets against a protective and reactive membrane which separated the inner and outer components. Then it was allowed to reach a highly specific cure point to become a honeycomb structure. The bowling ball analogy came to the fore again as the three ‘finger holds’ were used as ports to fire mild repetitive energy bolts through the honeycomb to ‘neutralising’ points on the periphery. The almost contradictory ‘random specification’ resulted in internal conduits being created for the meandering blue spinal fluid to be introduced. Once this had reached saturation, one of the critical time factors demanded that the finger holds were plugged by robotic arms with nodes to control the digestion, respiratory and movement command architecture. They had to be sealed without leakage or free space for gaseous occupation and with absolute precision in terms of surface protrusion.
 Keriakis and Red were almost finished their study of the molecular granulator for cellulose. The first phase was achieved with a technology which had also been developed on Earth. Nanoprobes were employed to separate off clusters of the order of twenty molecules; step two involved the release of bacteria to fix nitrogen intake by breaking down individual molecules from the clusters and producing nitrates. This led to a familiar human reaction culminating in amino acids and subsequently proteins. Reprogramming of nanoprobes facilitated the distribution to the nodes at the joints, and motion enabling structures together with parallel in-feeds from the command node in the sphere. They were ready to move on to the respiratory function.
********
The meeting in St. Petersburg developed in a very similar way to the one in Germany. Tsiolovsky handed the bogus print outs to Andrei Novotny. He only had seconds to scan them before Koppelt introduced himself. He was asked to hand over Tsiolovsky’s contract money and acquainted with the story so far. It proved difficult at first to get Novotny to say anything. They then bundled both of them into an awaiting car which was already occupied by first contact – Ledovskaya and her gorilla who were ready to take them to Moscow. Negotiation began by Koppelt emphasising his only interest was for Novotny to make the call to Korolev to verify the data, and for an explanation of what was supposed to happen next. Novotny’s plea bargaining would be with Ledovskaya. “I may have some influence here but I will not exercise it unless we make the call.”
Novotny said he was to have a meeting with Korolev to determine where to synthesize the crystal. Fortunately the meeting was scheduled in St. Petersburg one week from now. Because Korolev knew he was continually watched, it would be a mock birthday party for one of his sons. Some two hundred people would be invited and loud music arranged in the grounds of his opulent residence. Novotny declined to make the call before discussing his fate with Ledovskaya. The stalemate persisted for several hours.
********
As Xiang was receiving daily updates on Echus Chasma from Pascal 2, he now faced two major decisions. The one involving keeping the lid on mankind’s possible discovery of a means of interstellar travel was far reaching and needed careful deliberation. The other was to put forward three people from his organisation for geological surveys in China, then after the medical scans, expertly substitute the permit identities to allow Mike, Finn and Dane to hunt down more red crystal. Both caused him unease. He decided to do nothing about either for now. He was deep in contemplation when Koppelt rang. “We have isolated the people concerned with the synthesis scam and retrieved the data Beth Eisentrager was going to pass on. The main man from the Russians’ point of view has yet to be set up but we expect progress soon. That will allow the Russians to save face and your knowledge is preserved. Can I suggest you find a way to let Radmanov know he is off the hook, without names? I’ll be heading back to Switzerland shortly, Roberto. It was good to work with you again.”
Xiang acknowledged the good news and thanked him profusely. “One last favour, Karl….who do you know in Chinese Intelligence that I could talk to over a delicate matter of joint security with Beijing?”
Koppelt thought for a minute or so. “I know people, but unless I know what we are talking about it would be risky in picking the wrong one. In any case there could be acrimony if both your own intelligence and theirs have to discuss boundaries. Let’s not talk on the phone, I will come to Beijing and we can discuss this.”
“Excellent, I look forward to seeing you again.”
********
The work groups at Echus Chasma had discussed their individual findings. There were common features. The space travel trio had no idea what the black cube was made from; they had no analytical equipment and even if they had, they seemed unable to prise samples from the cubes. The sphere duo, similarly, had not been able to find information on the chemical constitution of any of the three main components. Red and Keriakis had the same difficulty with the blue fluid function at the nodes and the type of proteins which were delivered to them. They all agreed that this knowledge had no hallmarks of having been developed by the Rabo assembly technicians who had produced the schematics. They consequently halted further fabrication until they thought through the implications of any third party’s benevolence.
The Symbiants repeated their dismissal of the Interference being involved merely because of the plight of the Rabo. That meant they had to come up with the Rabo being incidental in a far greater task for the Interference, or consider another species ‘controlling’ the Rabo evolution for whatever purpose. A repetition of such divine assistance for humanity may not be so attractive unless the terms of the relationship were known. As disappointing as this was they agreed they had to go back to the Rabo historical dynasties, to look for evidence other than simple technical transfer. Mythology might contain more obtuse references, which could be found with the new search criteria.
********
The crew for Columbus had been finalised. Carvalho had been asked to command the mission and he felt he had unfinished business with the red planet. Three engineers were selected, all charged with projects to gradually lower the colony’s dependence on Earth supplies. A medical officer was included to help Pascal 2 and have first-hand experience with the unfolding Rabo physiology. A top astrophysicist was selected – this had been a contentious point because most humans who had gone to Mars had been replicated. This underlined the lingering mistrust of the Symbiants by some powerful lobbyists. Park made up the team. His geology and computing expertise was a good fit with the increasing Mars populous. The construction of Colossus, a large cargo vessel, had commenced and Newton was undergoing a refit. Radmanov had heard the news from Pascal 2 that there seemed to be a satisfactory conclusion to the Beth Eisentrager episode. He responded with sarcasm. “You mean you were able to salvage a face-saving situation from the shambles you created. If I had been permitted to return with her, nobody would have ever known there was a plot.”
Pascal 2 asked him if he was ready to help out again in the forestation. “You can’t be serious. I only came on this mission to contain a potentially damaging event for my country and what do I get? An extended vacation on Dustville. I’m not allowed to communicate to anyone back home so I’ll reciprocate here on this hellhole.” Pascal 2 could understand his anger but suggested he was inflicting more misery on himself by not mixing with others. “Your enforced stay has nothing to do with them; that decision was the exclusive province of Beijing. I was only thinking that your remaining time would be more enjoyable if you were at least part of social interaction.”
Radmanov half-apologised for his rant and said he would consider some of what Pascal 2 had highlighted, but he did not want to be involved with forestation as it was now a Symbiant only operation.
********
The stalemate was eventually broken when Koppelt got up to leave Novotny with Ledovskaya, declaring that he did not want to miss his flight. Novotny made the call, but unknown to anyone except himself and Korolev, they had devised a code whereby the oligarch would know whether or not to keep the St. Petersburg appointment. The contingencies covered in the code were that the information was insufficient or false, the operation had been infiltrated, or one of the links in the chain simply could not deliver. As the conversation was in Russian, Ledovskaya was able to comment. Novotny had introduced himself as ‘night watchman’ and reported that the lighthouse was operational. This seemed reasonable, but Ledovskaya asked him to explain. “It means that we have a green light situation.”
She quickly followed up with, “What was the alternative code?”
He had several hours to make sure he would avoid a hesitant reply. “The ship is in dry dock.”
Koppelt left and Ledovskaya felt her long awaited promotion was on the way. They kept Novotny under close arrest until the scheduled arrival of Korolev.

Chapter 30

When the Echus Chasma group had reviewed more mythology there were references to the scientist, prior to his Master of Fate entitlement, in which he was slightly different in his physiology, not just his views, from the rest. This difference was not only evident among his scientific peers; it was noticed by the wider population. Keriakis was suddenly hit with a bolt of lateral thinking. “If this person was revered so much, he should be included in those to whom statues or ‘mummies’ would be accorded. As the collection we have here is post sphere era, we would not expect to find him.” Alex 2 waited for him to continue, and when he did not said, “What is the point you are making?”
“I’m not making a point so much as trying to get us out of circular, self-reinforcing thought. One of the ways he could be different from the others is by being a replicant. What if he was the product of the Continuance, in its randomly statistical contact potential, replicating a Rabo in 55 Cancri? It is a long shot but it gets us away from the tendency to translate all the Rabo library content too literally. If there is any substance to this line of reasoning we would have to expect that their homeworld was seeded with crystal.” Red said this was highly likely when life already existed there.
Keriakis continued, “In that case, with all of the mummified exhibits here and at Utopia Planitia there must be knowledge retained. You Symbiants have said on several occasions that although you cannot replicate long-dead life forms or fossils you can extract information which our palaeontologists cannot.”
They all suddenly got his point. Although it would mean a slight disruption to the sacred status of these particular Rabo, it could be rewarding. The Symbiants of course did not have human hang-ups about such matters and agreed.
Alex 2 contacted Pascal 2 to let him know that they needed some amorphous form to carry out this evaluation. Pascal 2 recalled one of the Symbiants from the forestation work and asked him to deliver the powder in a closed container. “Take a spare Hindenburg and then return with a full report please.”
********
When Koppelt arrived in Beijing he had flashbacks of the awful day when he was part of the force charged with the task of causing Alex 2’s reversion. The presence of Carvalho in Xiang’s office brought even sharper focus to the déjà vu, as his replicant Dan had been instrumental in preventing this injustice. The official forces had thought it was Carvalho, and they had fired on him. The whole fiasco had not endeared Koppelt to the Commander, and he made only eye contact as he left for Columbus departure countdown.
As Koppelt was being debriefed on the requirements for the Symbiants to get past the Chinese permit screening, he had to take a call from Ledovskaya. “I did not really buy into Novotny’s coded message to Korolev being a green light, so after you left I allowed Igor (the gorilla) some persuasive time with him. The code was actually to warn him we had uncovered the plan, so he will not now keep his appointment. We will be charging Novotny with sufficient criminal acts to keep him in prison for a long time but we have lost Korolev for now. This means I will not get my reward yet again, however I can tell you that Novotny also coughed up another interesting piece of information in a plea for leniency. Radmanov was in on this and was to eliminate Beth and Elke Eisentrager in Germany. We will get another chance at Korolev if you can hand over Radmanov to me for an ‘interview’ when you get him back.”
Koppelt thanked her and said he would discuss this with Xiang and get back to her. They resumed the task of getting permits for the Symbiants. Koppelt advised Xiang to keep Beijing intelligence out of this altogether. “They will certainly want to control things if you ask their opinion, but they will also be difficult to handle if the Chinese counterparts take over. They will be even more vociferous if anything goes wrong and they are involved, even though they had wanted to be. You are better off going to the Chinese directly and hoping it all passes off without incident. If it does not, Beijing intelligence will be quietly smirking.”
Xiang shook his head. “I never fail to be amazed at you people Karl. However I guess you’re right. Can you set it up? I’ll introduce you to the three candidates.”
“No,” said Koppelt, “not yet – I want to talk to the right person in generalities first, skirting around the subject. It may take a couple of lunches. I’ll contact you then.” Xiang thanked him and ushered him out of the office so he could turn his attention to gathering more data from Mars – Echus Chasma specifically.
********
The amorphous form arrived. Both Red and Alex 2 had each chosen an individual ‘mummy’ with which to begin the procedure. Yamamoto asked why they had not considered Keriakis’ theory themselves. It was Alex 2 who acknowledged his question. “It is a consequence of our stranded programming. The Symbiant of Earth origin called Mike is a replicant of a geology graduate. Although he had retained data of interaction with the Sumerian people, and I was on Earth at the time of Park’s replication, I knew nothing of this contact several millennia ago. I only know of it now because we updated one another when we met in Beijing. Reciprocally he now knows about Martian experiences of the Continuance. With respect to the Rabo, we did not have any registration of contact on Mars, otherwise Red and the rest of us would have known about it from the moment we achieved the completion. Logically, if there was no contact with them on Mars – and bear in mind their screens at Candor Chasm were perfectly situated for such contact to occur, we did not believe they would have previous knowledge of the crystal. We relied on a logic sequence rather than considering the probable association of seeding strategy with promising life potential. Mr. Keriakis was not encumbered with our evaluative ranking of evidence. He is to be congratulated, even if these tests prove negative.”
“I see,” said Yamamoto, privately resisting a smile.
The procedure began. Within a minute of contact the Symbiants made the link complete by touching the now active amorphous form. It took an agonising two hours of apparent inactivity before Red disengaged. He waited another minute or so before declaring he had structured the extracted data. Alex 2 followed the same sequence and they both stated together, “We have confirmation that the Continuance is involved with the Rabo.” The mummy with which Red had interacted was true Rabo, and that explained the shorter time to full data extraction. Alex 2’s interaction was also with a genuine Rabo, but one who had been replicated, which had more data to extract and a physiological signature of replication. The data was sketchy because of the length of time for decay to set in, but the mummification technique had helped considerably. What they could pool between the two extractions only amounted to qualitative links between the Continuance and the Rabo. It did not shed much more light on the level of comprehension by the Rabo of their own accomplishments in the paradigm jumps they had applied so successfully.
Alex 2 said that this knowledge made the forthcoming visit of the caretakers even more significant. The team was now more comfortable in continuing with their respective assembly tasks on the production lines. The first to complete the sequence were Red and Keriakis, but rather than it feeling like an achievement, they were startled by the message screen flashing ‘simulation complete’. When inputting the acceptance command the new message asked whether full manufacturing mode was required. An affirmative reloaded the inventory call up. They decided to leave it for a while and check on the space travel section. They passed on their experience of the practice mode and said it might apply to all assembly routines. When Alex 2 and Nielsen had completed their sphere they too confirmed the ‘simulation complete’ message. All seven of them plus the Symbiant who delivered the amorphous form resumed work on the space vessel construction. Even with the degree of automation and robotic power it took over a week to reach the first component construction layout pattern. The next stage was to network the software systems. At this point the delivery Symbiant returned to Marineris Central with recordings of the three assembly procedures and the results of the mummy data extraction. They were for onward transmission to Xiang. The second stage mechanical interfacing of the plethora of units was estimated to require six weeks as there was limited capability to perform concurrent rather than consecutive tasks.
********
Columbus was underway. Carvalho reflected on the policy to continue to send younger personnel to Mars. There was a view in Beijing that the younger crew members were less blinkered in their general reaction to setbacks, and this could be very important in forging success with a new frontier. He looked around and was not entirely convinced. The three engineering graduates had only just acquired that title. Park was not much older. The new doctor was hardly more experienced than an intern. The astrophysicist was the oldest but still well short of her thirtieth birthday. There was a tangible whiff of fantasy aboard. He wondered how this would transform into ordered discipline if danger made a dramatic entrance. Simulation training could only do so much. At least he had a hands-on role as Commander, which he hoped would be a welcome distraction from calling bedtime.
After touchdown and formalities the engineers were to report to Van de Ende after his return from Echus Chasma. The main projects would be assembly of fabricating robots and vehicles, plus laying a pipeline to pump ice water from the Rift to Central, and an excavated clearing in the forest – to form an artificial lake. It was hoped that selection of European personnel would facilitate interpersonal relationships in the Martian engineers’ union.
Park was to report to Nielsen and try to catch up on geological/chemical analysis at the two new sites. It would require transportation of the various pieces of lab test equipment to the particular site being worked.
Both the medical and astrophysics experts were female; this was another balance to be addressed in forthcoming missions. There was a loosely worded objective to pencil in the first Martian-born child within the blueprint for the planned colony ships. Carvalho couldn’t help comparing these raw recruits to his first mission, which had brought elation, frustration, intrigue, boredom and mild insubordination in their own measure. Maybe he was being a little unkind in his appraisal of what would probably be his last outward crew.
********
Koppelt said he had not found his Chinese contact very helpful. As he had only discussed recent security concerns, over a ‘retirement’ lunch, and broadened the convivial chit-chat to general stuff within Chinese borders, he was made aware of a clamp down on official requests for unsupervised foreign projects on their turf. This covered all kinds of stuff, from oil exploration to monitoring of endangered species. “My advice to you, Roberto, is to get these guys to apply for civilian holiday visas and just go walkabout for a couple of weeks at a time or look for another location until this nervous period blows over.” Xiang was philosophical about it. “Ok, thanks again Karl. I had better let you get back to your family.”
“Just one more thing then,” said Koppelt, “can I tell Ledovskaya she can have time with Radmanov when he returns?”
“Yes go ahead. I’ll inform Radmanov myself that since we learned of his agenda for the Russians taking priority over the mission security, we are going to detain him for internal protocol breach. Then I will bring him up to date with the discovery of his collusion with Korolev. He will serve time here or wrestle with the prospect of ‘jumping from the frying pan into the fire’ when I wheel in Ledovskaya. Will you ask her to be here in advance of Columbus’ return?”
“Of course I will. I hope we can do some of this kind of work again – hopefully not too frequently.”
********
While Pascal 2 was watching details of the footage from Echus Chasma and Legrange was transmitting ‘eyes only’ summary to Xiang, Radmanov was busy. Knowing of the activity by eavesdropping he sought out the returned container of amorphous form which had not yet been returned to secure storage. He went to the nearest lab supplies store and took an empty container. He transferred a small amount from the original, making sure there was no contact, to the empty receptacle and hid it in his quarters. He would think of the means to deceive Beijing when he had boarded Columbus. He felt this small offering to Korolev would go some way to make up for the unfortunate failure to gain the analytical data of the composition. The disappointment would also be softened when he told the oligarch of overhearing Pascal 2 categorically say the composition data was useless without knowledge of how the replication was triggered. He thought it might be prudent to begin behaving more rationally now that his rescue ship was coming in. When Pascal 2 had finished watching the visuals he was ‘accidently’ met by the Russian who said he had been doing some soul-searching and would like to make some contribution after all, as long as it was not on the forestation programme. Pascal 2’s reaction was circumspect as he had seen many ‘schizophrenic’ chapters with Radmanov during his stay on Mars. “Ok, I will give this some thought. It is good to see you reclaiming your enthusiasm. Perhaps Marco van de Ende can forward some prep work for the new proposed pipeline. Apparently the tubing has been designed with expandability to allow for the extremely low temperatures. This will negate the need to completely empty it every night. I know that Marco wants his new engineers to provide several routings to consider a branched line or two separate ones. Do you think you could help by making some precise measurements and produce a map of the options we have?”
This suited both of them; Radmanov had his ‘born again’ project and Pascal 2 had him employed on something which was not expected to produce a professional quality survey, but was harmless at worst.
********
At Echus Chasma they were ahead of estimate, or so they thought. They were three weeks into phase two and there didn’t seem to be much more to do. Alex 2 was contemplating the misjudgement. “There must be some information which we are missing. My calculations suggest there is a lot more to do. The final amalgamation of all of these very large sub-structures must either entail different robots or we have got it wrong. As they put the final touches to the schedule for this stage, two days later they were startled yet again. This time they were obliged to retreat away from the production lines. A massive aperture appeared in the floor at one end of the hall and next to a circular table of similar dimensions, which had previously had no obvious function. A warning flashed to say the robots were being retracted and re-sited. Then the sub-assemblies began to be loaded in sequence on to the rotary table. Giant clamps rose up from the aperture and lifted the waiting units on to a conveyor. A new message indicated that the silo had been informed of the impending arrival of the parts.
It all fell into place. The huge delivery tunnel would have alerted them to the final assembly being elsewhere if they had discovered it. Keriakis beamed. “At least we now know we don’t have to figure out how to get this beast outside and into a launch position.”
“Quite so,” said Alex 2, “and it also explains where the remainder of the estimated work will be carried out. So after all we do have another three weeks or so to completion.”
Yamamoto chirped in, “I wonder if this means we will get a ‘simulation complete’ message at the silo in three weeks’ time.”
They scurried back to the tram and returned to the silo which was closed. The control which had previously opened the horizontal doors provoked a message which said safety overrides were in place until transactions were complete. This took another four and a half hours. When the doors were then opened, an automatic cycle kicked in to bring robots of staggering dimension from out of nowhere. As they descended they could see the recesses from whence these rather menacing machines had sprung. It was now obvious that upon completion of the assembly they would have to return to their cages to allow the floor to rise to ground level. The human members of the team watched breathlessly as the final phase swung into action. The Symbiants were emotionless but impressed with the outstanding precision of this phase. Finally the anticipated message allowed them to resume contact with the schematics and initiate the recommencement of assembly after all safety displays pulsed and were then extinguished.

Chapter 31

Mike and friends had their visas issued from information on the people they had replicated. Dane’s was the last to arrive. They had to be flown out of China to separate destinations and clear customs as holiday makers. They took public transport by a circuitous route until they were sure they were not attracting much attention. There were six provinces marked out as producing significant quantities of antimony. Hunan, Guangxi and Yunnan were the largest, and in that order. The minor provinces were Guizhou, Gansu and Jiangxi; they would be explored later.
They found it easy to ‘lose’ themselves in Hunan and they slowly moved to the area of interest; however they quickly concluded that this source was more blended with other sedimentary rocks than would have been indicative of crystal deposit. Moving on to Guangxi they found more likely lodes of antimony bearing ore so they spent the rest of their allocated time there. Two ravines specifically had beautifully exposed periods of rocks in perfectly delineated layers and they continued under the surface of the lake. A cursory survey however revealed nothing and several caves and extinct mines were barren. They reported to Xiang that they were coming back to Beijing and then onward to South America rather than arouse suspicion in China.
********
The final fitting together of the sub-sections in the silo would have taken more than a year but for the superb programming of the gigantic robots. They ploughed on through the nights with mind-boggling ability to avoid getting in one another’s way, while carrying out herculean yet delicate tasks. The onlookers could really have left the entire operation to them and returned to the other projects but this was such an addictive experience. Van de Ende was filming the closing stages for the benefit of his incoming subordinates. As the outline of the vessel was now clearly visible, albeit in a horizontal position, the robots disappeared with the obligatory safety warnings. They were replaced by dozens of tiny drones which appeared to be attacking a carcass like a colony of ants. The cacophony of hissing, fizzing and buzzing sounds, accompanied by lights to denote tests being passed was perceived as an opera of engineering tribute to the designers. The finale saw a fitting measured withdrawal of the ‘ants’ and then a message to enquire as to whether the silo floor should be raised at this time. The group deferred this until after an in depth evaluation of what they had constructed was completed. The report to Central was also delayed until they had discussed why there was no ‘simulation complete’ message, and they wanted to produce a real sphere and a real Rabo carcass.
Red was the first to offer an explanation. “The cost of such an operation as we have just witnessed is phenomenal. Also if the Rabo had needed to leave the planet at very short notice this is a masterpiece of camouflage until the vessel is loaded for launch.”
Yamamoto was not convinced. “This is an untried propulsion unit. Even something as sophisticated as the assembly we have witnessed can have ‘running in glitches’, surely we have to decide how the conventional propulsion system gets this hulk into orbit before the wormhole radar is tested – remember, that is a definite requirement. I still believe this is a simulation to illustrate the technology. Maybe we should go back and answer the questions at the plateau and send an inquiry to the Rabo. If they have mastered interstellar travel with this leviathan, maybe they have also conquered time barriers in communication technology. If they have sub-space contact we could have answers before the caretakers arrive.”
Nielsen chipped in with a slightly different take. “We have observed differences between this vessel’s procedure and the other two in so many ways. They do not have to be linked; they are simply manufactured in the same location. I have to agree with Red – for example, what do we do with this leviathan, as you call it, if it is a simulation? The task of dismantling and scrapping it would be as complex as the assembly. Don’t you think there would be an option to do this if it existed? I believe the other two processes are very different from this one in a major way. They need an existing Rabo to enable them. Anyone, loosely speaking, can fly this kite. Remember the Rabo have their knowledge transferred from redundant to new spheres and carcasses if there is justification. Until they agreed to allow those who wished to ‘die’ a way out they had this cyclical replenishment. I’m suggesting that if we opt for the real assembly of a sphere or carcass we will be asked some questions related to the new tenant. Just a thought.” His idea gained consensus. They returned to the other production lines.
********
Columbus was nearing the separation and orbit phase. The trip had been so uneventful that Carvalho felt like a long haul pilot coming to the end of a month of routine shifts. The young crew had certainly kept up with the recommended physical workouts; there had not been much to distract them. More than any of the previous humans to set foot on another planet, they resembled a bunch of tourists who wanted to stretch their legs and brains. They had got on really well with one another, which wasn’t the case for the earlier crews. The engineers – Maxim Chancel, Per Olsson and Pierce Atwell-Jones were already ‘licking their lips’ at the prospect of studying the legacies of an ancient race while getting on with their main task. Park had moved on from his relief at the unbridgeable distance between Mars and the Columbians, even if they had been rounded up. He was looking forward to classification of new materials, but having been replicated already, the red crystals still held fascination for him. Dr. Caprice Hadberg had been well briefed by Scillacci on the Rabo physiology and was anticipating more revelations by the time they landed. Martina Devereux was French-Canadian by birth, but had only a glimmer of recollection of her young life there. Her parents had moved to Chile when she was six years old. Her father was a physicist by profession but was afflicted with an insatiable desire to make sense of the radio ‘noise’ from space. He had successfully applied for a post at a new observatory in a remote part of the country, only to find that it suffered irreparable damage from an earthquake before he worked out his previous contract. He was then headhunted for a similar position in Australia. Martina grew up living through her father’s unquenchable enthusiasm for the merest morsel of proof that there were others out there. He died without anything to justify his vigil other than his belief. He had always told her stories of others who did not live to realise absolute proof of their theories and how important it was to avoid being blown off course by spurious comments by ‘impostors masquerading as true scientists’. Her favourite examples were Albert Einstein and Charles Darwin. She simply could not turn away from the opportunity to embrace the proof her father had searched for. Carvalho had realised this early in the mission and without dampening her enthusiasm he recounted his own experience. “I went through periods of elation then depression at the realisation that what my father wanted so badly did not satisfy me. However what it did achieve indirectly was the spin off, which was my true calling. So, Martina, if it all feels a little mundane at times - stay with it, because you are still in the best place to further your own dreams.”
The sequence was upon them – the cargo, then they could begin to imagine that first step into the Martian forest. Not many people had said that before.
********
Mike, Finn and Dane were in Bolivia. Peru was the only other South American known source of antimony ore. However Bolivia had the only type free of contaminants, it was comparable to the South African variety. They didn’t expect success in Peru as it was similar to the Chinese lodes according to their database. They hadn’t felt the same claustrophobic presence of authority here as they had in China. What did surprise them was the presence of others who were ‘scavenging’ similar sites. It was the repeated appearance of familiar faces which was disturbing. Although they ignored everyone they were visited one night by a group of these prospectors. They were friendly at first but they seemed to be obsessed with the Symbiants working all day and through the night without rest. The spokesman asked them in Spanish why it was so urgent for them to work like this. None of the Symbiants had yet learned Spanish so they asked them to repeat the question in English. This produced a distinct change of body language. They became increasingly aggressive and the new English speaking inquirer changed the question. “What are you doing here?” Mike said that they were palaeontologists gathering fossils. He realised his mistake almost immediately.
“You do not respect us, Senor. Nobody works like the devil to gather fossils - it is a slow painstaking job. Now I ask you again - what is the real reason you are here? I will need to see your papers.”
Dane asked if they were government officials. This caused discernable hilarity amongst their ranks. “You insult us for the second time. If this continues there will be no need for explanations, we will have to remove you from our search area.”
The Symbiants had a quick technobabble tactics discussion as it appeared that the overall strategy had been compromised. Mike spoke very respectfully. “We have permits; you may inspect them if you kindly tell us who you are. That would seem to be fair.” This time there was uncontrolled laughter which halted abruptly. It was replaced by waving of weapons. Revolvers, sawn off shotguns and machetes were brandished. “One of you dies if you do not answer our questions immediately – you understand?”
The Symbiants did and said nothing. A blast from one of the shotguns ripped a hole through Finn’s leg. When he did not fall the group was puzzled. They were further disoriented when Dane picked one of them up and threw him at least thirty metres before his trajectory was interrupted by a cliff face. Mike had by this time removed the offending shotgun from the owner’s grasp and bent it into a circle. In the prevailing panic there was more gunfire and all of the Symbiants were hit but not moved. The first ones to break ranks were the machete carriers - then the rest took flight. When the ‘injured’ Symbiants did not seem to be inconvenienced by these wounds and rounded up all of the stragglers, they were shaking with fear.
“Now,” said Mike politely, “we would like to know who you are. Please do not attempt to deceive us, as you will find our ability to detect lies is equal to our physical prowess.”
The bad news Mike had to report was that these men were Columbian and had been persuaded to admit they were looking for the same crystals. They had squeezed that information from one of them, who said they had been set to work by a technical man, and he would be returning before the weekend to check progress. When Mike had inquisitively used the name Escobar they shook their heads and sunk to their knees in prayer. They begged for their release and gave the name of this technician who was to return. Mike said he would be lenient only if they would force this technician to expose the consortium behind their activities.
********
Nielsen was correct. When they entered an affirmative to begin real assembly of the sphere and the carcass, the system asked for the identity data for the Rabo recipient. As this meant they could not proceed, they did return to the plateau surface and engage the questions to initiate the communication channel direct to the Rabo. Alex 2 and Red conferred on each one and slowly ploughed through the list. Two questions were not answered in an acceptable way. After several attempts they came to the conclusion that there were so many human words which could mean pretty much the same thing that there may not be an exact equivalent in the Rabo vocabulary they had accumulated so far. Red noted that there were some symbols which did not appear to be related directly to the questions and when activated produced something akin to a dictionary. It was however a cross-reference through unfamiliar values. They paused the session to work on this. The humans were used to being bystanders when Rabo translation was required. This was something at a new plane of understanding. The sheer computing ability of their information processing, holding and then matching effectively lost the humans after the first millisecond. It was even difficult to estimate the number of calculations required for them to come up with a modification to the first incorrect answer. One down, and one to go. The second was much quicker in coming as they had the algorithm they needed to progress.
The screen opened up a new feature. A ‘holographic’ image of a Rabo delivered what can only be compared to the song of a tree full of crickets in summer. The Symbiants could not decipher anything despite multiple reruns. So this was their spoken language – another roadblock.
********
When the temporary surrender was flagged up at Marineris Central by Alex 2 to Pascal 2 it was overheard by Art Legrange. He made a suggestion that he could help to slow down and fade out certain sounds. He had insisted on bringing the equipment to Mars; his security training had found this an invaluable tool in surveillance in busy public places. Pascal 2 asked if they could record the clicks and Art said he would check it out when they returned. Alex 2 thanked him and said they would bring the recording but it would not help unless they could relate a sound to a word – by one of the Rabo, for example. Red suggested, as there was a ‘keyboard’ of sorts, they send a mathematical message based on their own interest in parabolic values. The transposition of human words to known Rabo symbols approximated to - ‘we will speak to the caretakers when they arrive’.
 
Chapter 32

Mike made the technical expert ask his underlings to explain the situation in Spanish; he thought it would be more convincing coming from them. At the end of their descriptive perception of the way they saw it, he shook his head and turned to Mike. “You do not realise what you are asking - it cannot be done. Now if you will forgive me I must....”
Dane grabbed him by the throat and held him aloft with one hand until his red face indicated asphyxiation was imminent. Then he released his grip. As he was slumped on the floor one of his workmen began kicking him and expressed his profound disappointment that they could not get him to consider himself as a team player or words to that effect. The bully was duly restrained by Finn who said, “You must now repeat that in English so we can all appreciate your sentiment.” The translator obliged. “He said that this fat retard must not endanger our lives by antagonising you. He explained that you people were badly wounded with a shotgun, yet you have no after-effects at all. He also told him that we fear you more than the people he fears. He promised to shoot his genitals off if he did not give you the information you want, so we can leave.”
Mike asked the interpreter to thank his friend for his help in this rather delicate situation. “Tell the technician he has three minutes to decide otherwise we will have to carry out our instructions.” Within thirty seconds the man asked for his briefcase. He proceeded to write down two names. Mike said that there must be others. “No, you don’t understand – these men put in the money, the others are subordinates who are expendable and therefore often change.”
Mike told them to be prepared to stay the night and they would be escorted to transport facilities in the morning. He asked them all to remember that they did not need sleep, so it would be futile to attempt an escape.
********
The cargo module had been deposited in its preferred position; these tasks were becoming increasingly difficult with such swathes of forest to avoid. The descent was routine for Carvalho but ‘eyeballs out’ for the rest. They were welcomed by Pascal 2, Legrange and, most of all, Radmanov. They were asked to settle in and then help direct Symbiants temporarily diverted from the forestation to ‘unpack’ the cargo. They were made aware of the impending return of the Echus Chasma group and their debriefing.
Radmanov pestered Carvalho about the return trip, and had some difficulty maintaining his Mr. Nice Guy facade when he was told that Beijing had not yet decided which other personnel than the two of them were to depart with Columbus.
It was a curious sight for the new arrivals; they had traversed the cosmic void between two planetary bodies to witness a group of humans and inorganic copies of humans descending in formation, in single occupancy Hindenburgs. The reddening afternoon sun created a blazing backdrop and a line with the land by which each craft appeared to be individually plucked from the sky. After the introductions they all repaired to the giant dome which introduced a third spectral hue on the red planet. It was a strange contradiction that these new young recruits who found this panoramic arrival so overwhelming would soon come to view it as so confining. It truly was a new frontier, one which would owe so much to those pioneers who could see past the intellectual challenge, and make it attractive to settlers and tourists of the future.
A select group involving Carvalho, Alex 2, Pascal 2 and Nielsen reviewed the implications of the Echus Chasma discoveries. They devised a summary which was not likely to be plagued by unanswerable questions. Then there was the decision on exploring other sites which had been marked at the Rabo station between Marineris Central and Utopia Planitia. This had to be reviewed within the current manpower constraints and therefore which personnel would be returning with Columbus.
They used the draft to update the entire Martian population before sending it off to Beijing. The overriding priority was to service the projects in a more balanced way now that the Rabo interface had progressed as far as it could without contact from them. The thorny issue of having a vessel with capabilities beyond the technical understanding of mankind - would hover like a bright, lethal, luminescent obsession, over the Martian moths, whether human or Symbiant. It also had the potential to cause a festering rift in the organic/inorganic membrane. Even the humans on Mars could not help feeling that the Symbiants knew more than they would pass on. It was sad that the very salvation discussed with the launch of Copernicus could become a source of friction instead of wonder. Carvalho had come to this concern because he, more than any other individual, had experienced the chasm of perspective between the two planets. Having heard all the details from those involved at Echus Chasma, he was personally moved as a Commander and propulsion technologist to resource this separately from the ‘normal colonisation objectives’. He wanted to pretend this awesome gift had been discovered on an already populated Earth with its vast infrastructure, to extol his argument. He wanted to promote the view that colonisation of Mars should ratchet up significantly because of the Rabo. He was sure that there would be procrastination and doubts brewing because the salvation status was too far ahead of its ambitions. It was still seen on Earth as something they should be doing in case all else failed, rather than adapting the strategy to fit the events. He dared not share this with those on Mars because, if he had such mutinous thoughts in the face of authority, he knew it would be contagious. He knew he had to give the Earth committees the benefit of this doubt. He also knew deep down that such objectivity would not change a thing.
********
The breaking dawn saw the release – actual and mental - of the Columbians, except the technician. The Symbiants wanted to know what precisely he had been employed to do, and why. He started by assuming that they didn’t know what they were looking for and bluffed accordingly. Mike corrected that perception. “We know you are searching for certain red crystals. Does that help to narrow down your choice?”
The response was slow in coming but not completely evasive. “If you know that you must also be searching for the same thing, so why are you asking for information you already have?” Mike silently asked Finn to play the bad guy and he changed the interrogation dramatically. “Look, you are working for a consortium, we are employees of a rival consortium – your colleagues were disturbed to meet representatives of the Escobar enterprise. You know of the recent deaths of some of the family. We do not wish to add to this butchery but are instructed to use all means possible to terminate your consortium’s interest in drugs related expansion, but particularly this crystal business. Now, you either confirm what we suspect you know or we erase that knowledge and your person from the equation. It really is that simple.”
The reply was deliberate. “The whole world knows from the public Beijing replication of the Arab gentleman, and from one of the replicants who returned from Mars, that crystals were used. Although the chemistry is classified, the general view of Earth scientists is that there will be deposits on this planet. We are simply and legitimately looking for such evidence. I will not insult your intelligence by explaining why certain powerful individuals would like to have these crystals and are willing to pay substantial sums to finders. That is all I can say on the matter but you have made it clear that it would be in my best interests to leave. I am more than happy to comply, but you will find that others will replace me – that is certain.” They escorted him to the nearest airport and he gratefully left them behind.
Mike contacted Xiang with the names of the financial backers and told him that they would continue their search in Bolivia, but were pretty sure there would now be many groups paying for such searches.
********
Yamamoto was earning himself the reputation of ‘devil’s advocate’ with regard to the Symbiants. “How come the Continuance has interacted with the Rabo and the knowledge conferred is not understood? If I have interpreted the situation correctly, all of the guidance humans have extracted from you is fully comprehended. Now, I realise you didn’t know about Park’s Symbiant and his interaction with Sumerians until you met him, but presumably the Sumerians figured out the principles during the contact. If they had not then history would not have recorded the principles they passed on. All of this provokes an obvious question. Do you understand the principles of the Rabo propulsion system? If you do why aren’t we testing it out?”
Alex 2 admitted this was a valid question but disappointed Yamamoto with his reply. “We understand the underlying principles of space distortion and its possible application to propulsion of matter. The Rabo ship at Echus Chasma is one such specific development which involved the Continuance in their sector of the cosmos. We however, and the Earth based replicant were not involved with this application and the detailed development steps are not in our data banks. If we were able to replicate a living Rabo, we would presumably gain such information. If we had interacted with the first known Homo-Sapiens it would not have been beneficial to try to explain the theory of relativity without the intermediate stepping stones building up to that concept. Perhaps you have also answered your own question in part, because, although the Sumerians passed on many principles, those used by the Egyptians have never been fully explained. We still do not know precisely how they built the pyramids. Similarly, you are not quite ready for all the principles of physics we can assist with. We must achieve this at a pace consistent with your own development. With the Rabo, we can only countenance certain possibilities from the actual evidence. They may have understood, but the knowledge was lost. The knowledge may have been deliberately suppressed by the Rabo in a similar way to the Sumerians when they terminated the Continuance. The only other logical explanation we can contemplate is that the knowledge was removed. There is no evidence to support the last alternative but as one of your fictional icons is said to have proposed, ‘Once you eliminate the impossible, whatever remains, no matter how improbable, must be the truth’. As we have no evidence yet of the third alternative, you are better equipped than we are to speculate. That is how we followed up the suggestion of extracting data from the mummies.”
Yamamoto nodded and said, “Ok, I think we should at least try to understand more about the theories of wormholes.”
“That would be a sensible approach.”
********
Xiang was again wrestling with items not really expected in his remit. He contacted the agents involved with the Escobar saga and gave them the two names he had received from Mike. They knew about them but had not expected they would be into the crystal market so soon. They promised Xiang they would take on the problem. The more worrying dilemma was the decision to delay return of Columbus in the light of the latest disclosures about the Rabo. This was likely to cause a reaction when Radmanov was enlightened and the concern centred on his unpredictability.
Mike and Co had exhausted their search in Bolivia and harvested small quantities of Scarlet. They had to eliminate the Peruvian site now that they may face competition.
The Colony ship was progressing, but was some months away from having a definite testing programme. The invitation to filter groups of potential colonists had received an enormous response, indicating that the demographic schism suggested by religious leaders was not so skewed after all. This particular project was incredibly time-consuming in its planning and execution.
He was not the only one concerned about Radmanov, as Ledovskaya’s frequent calls took on a decidedly sombre tone with the news of the delayed return.
********
Yamamoto asked Red about the difference between black holes and wormholes. The Symbiant referred him to database theories that one major difference was the aspect of ‘permanence’. “Black holes are believed to have a clear event horizon; wormholes are likely to be far too unstable to have such a characteristic. Other suppositions include the attendant effects of their creation – black holes accrete matter and even trap light. Wormholes may produce enormous amounts of negative energy if the principles of general relativity are to be maintained. Another concern in this respect is the balance, especially the relative distribution. Local proximity and density of the two would be undesirable in the grander scheme of the Progenitors. Of course, in this respect, local is a totally different scale to that which your species is accustomed.”
Yamamoto continued, “What are the characteristics by which we humans would distinguish them?”
Red seemed pleased. “A very advanced radio interferometer would be useful in detecting relevant phenomena.” Yamamoto’s parting query was a shot in the dark. “Could local impending cataclysmic events be influential, if they were close enough to the formation of a wormhole? For example – the three gas giants’ instability causing the destruction of the entire 55 Cancri system?”
“That is a fascinating scenario. It could, in theory, if concurrent with a wormhole creation being the detonator for a chain reaction which would register concern with the Progenitors.” Red would remind himself to inform Alex 2 that Yamamoto was one of the most promising of his species.
********
Carvalho conferred with Xiang and suggested that they should nullify any further renegade behaviour of Radmanov by confronting him with what they knew. He would be told they knew he was to eliminate the Eisentrager sisters, and as such he would face this charge when he did come back to Earth. If he was prepared to admit the charge that their witness had confessed, they would count his enforced stay on Mars as his penitence. He would be expected to be under the most severe probationary scrutiny in order for this to extinguish the charge. They both felt this was the best compromise. Evading the Russians was his problem; Beijing could not speak for them. He was not to be told of Ledovskaya’s request.
********
Although the Echus Chasma site was not actively manned now, there was the occasional visit to check if the communication device had received any reply. It was negative, and therefore the assumption was made that it was the same technology as the automatic one which went from the screens in Pandora’s Rift.
With the re-allocation of manpower to the other projects, life became routine but very efficient. The forest lake was completed and added to the mini-ecosystem which now covered almost 13% of the planet surface. Road connections between the explored sites were complete and fabrication robots had been assembled to boost the infrastructure drive.

 
Chapter 33

Transition

Although Mars was gradually acquiring an atmosphere, there were no clouds to camouflage the Rabo ship hovering above the forest. It was a moment of profound destiny and apprehension; it was being filmed for onward transmission to the blue planet, which was invisible to the human eye, but within the grasp of the imagination. It was a moment of almost unbearable tension. This did not strictly apply to the Symbiants, yet there was a tangible aura of anticipation, displayed by their unusually animated technobabble. All of the spectators on the ground felt privileged to be present. The spectators numbered more than seventy now that Colossus had delivered the first lifetime colonists. These people had been chosen to forge social and infrastructure advances. Unfortunately it had thrown together conceptual plans without sufficient social research. The ‘plumbers, farmers, nurses and the like’ could not relate to the Symbiants. They appeared aloof, as they only really spoke when spoken to, and there was not much overlap in their conversation. They also were not inconvenienced by management of synthetic food, and many of their programmes for ‘growing’ Martian food had been unsuccessful. The lack of insects had proved more difficult than expected to overcome by genetic manipulation. Management of human waste was beginning to be a concern – the Symbiants were blissfully free of such primitive requirements. Their ability to walk around with impunity in relation to atmospheric constituent was an irritant rather than a marvel.

The human ‘project team’ did not fare much better. They had finite contracts and could therefore contemplate returning to the relatively pleasant ‘rat race’ culture on Earth. They were viewed as the middle class citizens. These factions were simmering despite the common purpose they shared. This moment of the Rabo arrival was one of temporary unity. As the senior human presence in both rank and experience, Carvalho wanted to harness the occasion to recover the pioneer spirit which was so evident just a year ago.
The separation of a descent module cracked the silence on the ground as they followed its trajectory to a carefully prepared site between Marineris Central and Utopia Planitia. The site had been encircled by fabricated Rabo symbols to welcome the caretakers and offer these landing coordinates.
The Symbiants had constructed learning programmes for the humans in the recognition of Rabo symbols, but as the language was based on values from which the symbols were derived, it was a cumbersome transfer of semantic capability. The fluency of the Symbiants in this respect was disturbing to those who simply could not grasp the principle of a language which was not really open to ambiguity. Because even the most able humans were barely capable of constructing phrases in a time frame which permitted a dialogue, this would have to fall to Alex 2.
The module had landed with the anticipated precision. The exit of the visitors was initially obscured by dust which had not yet settled, and it added to the air of mystique. There were five in this first party which advanced toward the hosts. They stopped some twenty metres short of the ‘Martians’ as if they were inviting spokesmen from the new inhabitants of this familiar outpost.
The gesture was anticipated and three Symbiants – Red, Pascal 2 and Alex 2, were joined by Carvalho and Nielsen.
The marsupial-like features of the visitors did not betray facial expression or body language, but the colour of their eyes was changing subtly and in concert with clicking noises. A welcome book, which opened with the confession that they had not yet mastered any of the Rabo spoken language, and they would have to begin with written exchanges, was offered. Building blocks would emerge by talking and pointing or drawing. Alex 2 had tried to assure them that this would develop quickly. The book very briefly charted human evolution and the reasons for the colonisation. It also listed all the discoveries they had made so far about the Rabo. It apologised for referring to them in this way, explaining Red’s rationale in choosing the term. It then politely asked how they would like to be referred to in future. The very first point concerning the spoken language produced a kaleidoscope of eye colours within the group of five and this time they were very different from one another, almost as if this were a conversation.
The conclusion of the colour changes resulted in the assumed leader clicking an instruction to a colleague on his left. A tablet was handed to him or her, and the leader began to summon up symbols from a parabolic subsection. Red translated for the humans. Their first offering was to refer to themselves as ‘Axis’. This was followed by a brief notation explaining that they too had headed the evolutionary pyramid in 55 Cancri, specifically their home planet known mathematically as Nexus. The second offering was a request to learn the language of the ‘Martians’. When Alex 2 explained that there were two possibilities and the difference between them, the Axis leader consulted the others and the colour flashing recommenced. The leader then pronounced that the technobabble was more complicated for them so they would prefer the human ‘symbols’. This provoked a question from Carvalho through Alex 2. “Are the colours we see in your eyes different from the symbols you use when clicking?”
The reply described a strange but rather elegant dual means of communication. When expressing feelings the colours varied in hue, intensity and dimension. Beginning from the left, the order was to convey how they felt about criteria. The clicking was related directly to the symbols and was used more for execution of agreed criteria. This was a very rough explanation and its actual sophistication was too complex for now.
The leader explained that they thought this time would never come even though they had continued the maintenance of their outposts. They were overcome with joy and again the colours emphasised this with a dazzling orchestration of considerable length. When this was transmitted to the whole gathering there was respectful waving of arms. Quite what they made of this was not yet certain but it caused another spectral concerto.
The leader explained that they were not completely suited to the radiation levels and atmosphere, so they would need to retire soon. Alex 2 explained that they might be comfortable in one of the giant domes. This was acknowledged by colour; then the clicks denoted that they would go back to the module for a short period before returning with the rest of their party. There was a lot to achieve and all of their kin would be permitted to participate.
********
The transmission that went back to Earth could not capture the drama and details such as the colour displays, yet it was spellbinding - as shown by the view ratings. Xiang and the executive were aware of the uneasiness which had preceded this long-awaited contact from both sides, and were relieved that it went so well. There were all kinds of suggestions put forward by consultants, psychologists, and internal executives for a remedy to the apparent rifts in the Martian population. They seemed to overlook the obvious in favour of the esoteric and complicated alternatives. Just as important as the social situation was the next scheduled colony transport to the red and green planet. Delay announcements to this would equate to terrible P.R. Xiang was nearing his threshold of tolerance with some of the ‘committee’ approaches to a faraway problem. He was to deliver an ultimatum and for this he wanted Carvalho’s help. He had primed the Commander to expect a personal request for him to construct a visual analysis of the situation from all groups’ point of view. The recommendations should be simple, clear, and endorsed by representatives of each group.
Mike and his friends were hardly noticed at all when returning to China to look for more crystal.
********
The second meeting of the Axis people and the multicultural Martians found the former more relaxed with the protective dome as the venue. The happy colours were reflected around the hosts.
One of the first items the Axis were anxious to relate was the fact that in all of their travels since the exodus from Nexus, they had never met or seen evidence of any sentient life form other than when they observed Mars and Earth nearly three million years ago. It was poignant insofar as Earthlings had dreamt of such contact, and initiated SETI programmes, but this race had journeyed colossal distances in search of company and a new home.
The burning question on the minds of the human race, which inhabited Mars and Earth, was how they escaped their solar system and the implications of outside help. There was a keen eye on the colour exhibition as the question was delivered by Alex 2. It was quite a long phase and tended towards anxiety. The clicking was however, very short and they proceeded with the tablet.
The leader said it was very difficult at times for them to definitively discriminate between ‘recorded history and myth’ when studying their heritage. Even the former had content which was flavoured with interpretation. Technology or, more precisely, the lack of it, compounded the grading of veracity. The commonly held belief was now confined to those of the species who had opted to leave Nexus and then continue the faith that the alteration of their physiology was acceptable. There were some who had since then chosen to ‘die’ although they had basically subscribed to the historical consensus. The Master of Fate was believed to have encountered the life form which called itself the Continuance. In the succeeding centuries, rapid developments had been welcomed by the populous. The dichotomy of leaving their homeworld and one of interfering with their inherited intelligence conspired to the extinction of those remaining. When the first interstellar ships were launched, there was hope and yet within a short period the expertise of the designers was lost. They knew how to operate the ship, just as their medical people knew how to construct the spheres and carcasses. However there was a gap in the fundamental principles leading to the entire era.
Despite the human clamour to ask what amounted to leading questions on this explanation, Alex 2 insisted on staying with a pure Axis recollection of events. He asked, “Did your people locate a wormhole with the first ship?”
The answer was affirmative as evaluated by probability of historical research. Alex 2 continued, “Is there any description of the resultant energy as a consequence of the spatial distortion?” The answer was again in the affirmative but without quantification.
“Did your people at that time have concerns about this energy and the deteriorating stability of the gas giants?”
The colours were ablaze. The clicks were very loud. In their vivid recollections, they overlooked the Symbiant’s current inability to decipher the spoken language. However, symbols stressed that the reports by those still on Nexus described a pandemic of fear. Extremely graphic descriptions of unparalleled, volcanic activity and earthquakes were said to have occurred simultaneously with the spatial distortion. They carried on for many days and terminated over four million Axis citizens. Many more were seriously injured. The hope turned to misery. It was possible that this event was responsible for the loss of knowhow.
“Did this accelerate the collapse of the gas giants?”
Another conference took place. The considered view was that it would have, as the pressure to avoid a repeat was not only based on the carnage of the citizens, but on strings of cosmic calculations, which have never been found. Alex 2 asked his last question for now. “Do you know what those calculations were supposed to predict?”
The eyes darkened. They turned black, with the tablet symbols indicating a chain reaction of such annihilation potential, that the effects may even have been noticed on the planet they were standing on now. The more social aspects continued for several hours and everyone agreed to begin the mutual effort to learn the other’s written or spoken language. The Axis leader suggested that humans would benefit from beginning precise interpretation of the colour sequences of the eyes

Chapter 34

Carvalho’s transmission to Xiang was brutally frank. “The sociologists and psychologists may be patting one another on the back for doing a thorough job in vetting colonists. Let me tell you that thoroughness is only effective if it is correctly targeted. These voluntary ‘Martians’ have been badly let down. Of course they knew that there would be a honeymoon period, after which it would become a hard, monotonous existence – without end. There has been a serious lack of consideration concerning leisure time. This is much more critical than on Earth. Far too much emphasis has been applied to the objectives, the grandiose scope of colonisation - their place in history, team ethic, and individual contribution. This is the stuff of sports psychology and it may be useful to a point. By comparison, too little attention has been given to the medium of ‘enjoyment’. It has been wrongly deduced from the reports on the science mission personnel that this aspect did not register prominently on their boxes to be ticked. However those individuals had finite lengths of time to consider, and achievements to be completed within that reference. In addition, they were largely dealing with the unknown – so the fascination factor kept resurfacing. The colonists are basically doing what they did on Earth, but under stressful conditions. In short we need data streaming for news bulletins, cinemas with latest releases, interactive programmes from Earth in which Martians can participate. We need to consider appointing a social advisor here to work with one there who has no other responsibility. I can promise you that they will be inundated with ideas and requests. I believe if we expect people to eventually have children here, this aspect needs a high ranking, dedicated officer, making sure we hit these far reaching comfort zones. The Symbiants and the mission project humans do not need such focussed social networking but it would still be beneficial, and help avoid enclaves developing in future. My colleagues here beside me have discussed this proposal with me and agreed that it is critical to address this prior to more, valuable colonists arriving and believe me, they are urgently required.”
The Symbiants and colonists not only affirmed their support but volunteered to be active in organising the entertainment complex. Xiang knew he could rely on Carvalho to ‘shake the tree’, and he was delighted to see the concern on the faces of the theorists watching the transmission with him.
He had also received reports from Mike that virtually all the Chinese sources of antimony they had found were too contaminated to be used or occur in the red crystal. He said that after conferring with Finn and Dane, they believed most of the remaining accessible sources would now be at the bottom of oceans or seas. At present these locations were considered to be virtually impossible to explore, detect and mine.
Xiang recalled them and said they were needed on Mars again and would go as soon as possible. They would pilot Newton as soon as the refit was finished. Three additional engineers and a new director of social programmes for Mars would be aboard. Further replications on Mars were under temporary embargo until the social cracks were repaired.
********
After several cross-tutorials and more integration events, the Axis members were more comfortable with ‘mingling’. Between their tasks to inspect, repair and maintain their various refuges on the planet they had fastidiously progressed in human language, whereas humans had not achieved the reverse. The Symbiants ascribed these asymmetric achievements to the nature of the languages, not to relative Axis/Martian abilities.
Despite this, more exchange of information had occurred. The leader made it clear that he only held that title among the caretakers – those who had chosen not to renew or exchange spheres and carcasses. The overall leader was back in their main domain. Alex 2 had incorrectly assumed from the information found on Mars that this domain would be in either the Epsilon Eridani or Gliese system. That perception was corrected. “No, we only communicate with our race in those locations, we do not see them.”
Curiosity flourished and Alex 2 pressed. “Why is that?”
“The disastrous opening of the wormhole which allowed four of our ships to enter had multiple exit points. We decided during the time we were travelling through it on conventional thrust that we should explore more than one exit. This was to increase our chance of finding a new home and spreading the risk of not doing so, if we could not open the wormhole again.”
Alex 2 brought Red and Carvalho in and updated them before asking, “Four ships and three locations – why not four locations?”
The leader’s colour display forewarned them. “One went to Epsilon, one to Gliese and one here. We never heard from the fourth. We can only assume they exited into an unstable domain.” The fascination kicked up a gear as Alex 2 made the question sound like a statement. “So you have never been to the other locations.”
“That is correct, we exited at these coordinates.” Red translated the symbols to a point known in Earth astronomy as the Kuiper belt. He quickly responded, “These coordinates are remarkably close to a ‘planetary body’ known to us, which has a tiny moon. It is named Eris.”
Confirmation was immediate. “We gave this our own name of Nexus II, as we calculated it would take 555 years to orbit your sun. It seemed appropriate as we had arrived here by chance.”
Red smiled and seemed to enjoy the sensation. “Of course that was the fascination with 555. The clue was too obscure. I am sorry, please continue.”
The leader held up the tablet and it was marked with new coordinates. “Nexus II or Eris, is 9.7 billion of your miles from the Sun; that is three times the distance of your outermost gravitational body – which I have learned you call Pluto.” Red intervened too quickly. “But these coordinates are not for Pluto, they correspond to a moon of Jupiter.”
“Yes, I believe your name for it is Europa. The exit point near Eris was not somewhere we could consider as it was too cold, and risky so close to a wormhole. After the devastation caused on our homeworld we would not take that chance again.”
Alex 2 posed a different inquiry. “Do you mean you would not or could not risk another spatial distortion?”
“Both,” was the reply.
“Both – you mean you have never been on any other interstellar journey? What about your species in Epsilon Eridani and Gliese?”
“The same applies to them. You told me that you fabricated a vessel at the plateau, but you did not raise it and set it upright or launch it. You would have achieved orbit – the thrusters are overdesigned to escape this gravitational body. If you had tried to engage the spatial distortion mechanism it would have failed. Even when the correct velocity curve was achieved, and the white hot box was asking the automatic sequencing to proceed, it was missing a link. Another box, similar only in appearance, is required to complete the preparation of the exit energy. Such components were in the care of our Supreme Leader. He was on the fourth ship.”
Red was impatient. “So you decided to stop at Europa. What is your name for the moon?”
“We did not give it a name at that time. There were other, more acceptable bodies. Earth was almost perfect but it was yours. This one was our choice because we could observe you and hope that sometime we would meet. That meeting was delayed a little because of the bacteria. We had to retreat to the moon of a gas giant, which did not have good memories for us. We named it Minus. Mars we named Proxima, but they are in your system and we like your names better.”
Alex 2 continued the competition for questions. “Was there any retention of knowledge as to how to construct these unique boxes?”
“No, it was part of the lost science. It has not made a difference to our species as we passed edicts to stop their manufacture and use.”
It was Red’s turn again. “Do you live under the surface on Europa?”
“Yes, it is covered with ice but there is much volcanic activity and vents heat the sub surface, also producing water. There are many varieties of what you call algae there and we can harvest cellulose which you know is important for us. You have not asked why we did not reply to the two messages sent from here. After all this time, we just wanted to meet like this. I now realise you must have expected a reply from another star system.”
 Carvalho had communicated the guts of all this to the human contingent and left Alex 2 to do the same for the Symbiants. When the entire group was assembled to nominate their social representatives, an additional point of discussion was raised by one of the colonists. If the Earthly calm had been ignited to action by the transmission on social issues, they would soon be supercharged.
The plight of the Axis had impacted every single inhabitant of Mars. Here was a race which had survived the most deplorable accidental genocide of their kin, and risked the fate of the remainder by trying to adapt to unfavourable cosmic conditions. They had not grasped the opportunity of usurping the position of top of the evolutionary tree on Earth on moral grounds. They were separated by distances they chose not to travel in case similar devastation was repeated in the solar system. They waited patiently for the adolescent Earthlings to mature but were struck down by bacteria and had to pull back. However, they steadfastly cared for their Martian legacy in the event that humans reached Mars after they were extinct. They had opted for their life to run out rather than perpetuate it, primarily because they were alone and without hope.
The discussion was intended to be a debate, however the colonist suggested that we owed these beings a debt which could not be repaid, and the least we could do was invite them to return to Mars. They had demonstrated the morality which many humans happily parade but do not live up to, politicians heading the list. They had also taken decisions to view science as something to be reviewed continually to truly estimate the benefit – consequence correlation. This was not a limit to research but a duty to rank consumer importance with less priority than humans currently practiced. It was not really a coincidence that this colonist was a nurse. She was used to caring for others while living in a selfish world.
Her proposal, under different circumstances, would indeed have spawned a debate. This was Martian solidarity impacting the mother planet with a dose of ‘standing back to get perspective’. It was even more obvious to those who heard her proposal first-hand, that it was a key to more harmony in the new world, and a chance to prevent importing Earthly social viruses. The feel-good factor that evening was contagious and they summoned the Axis leader. Without consultation with Beijing, they offered the invitation. They observed something never seen since the opening of the 55 Cancri wormhole, the colour display was a bright monochrome yellow. The tablet confirmed that this must be the equivalent of human tears of joy. He asked for permission to bring his colleagues to the session.
This act of independence signalled something that certain government officials had dreaded since Copernicus first launched towards Mars. It would also be enshrined in Martian history for a long time to come as Transition.

Chapter 35

Even though the Axis had accepted the invitation without hesitation, they harboured a fear of the bacteria which decimated their ranks all those years ago. Pascal 2 reassured them that he had developed an effective antibiotic for humans, but they had natural immunity, so he would have three options to check. There was the human immune mechanism, the antibiotic, and a specific boost to the Axis immune system. They would all be studied. This would also provide a wonderful opportunity for assessing the physiology of living Axis.
The advantages of the multi-species situation were manifold. The Axis infrastructure could be utilised and adapted to broaden its impact for all colonists. The production assembly lines would, with alteration, transform the heavy construction programmes for equipment. The Symbiants’ work on forestation and food growth could be tackled on a bigger scale. The piping of water for life support and lake construction would assist the march to a breathable atmosphere. Modification of the Hindenburg would enable quicker journeys between sites. It was almost a new beginning.
Some issues had to be addressed as well. When asked how many Axis individuals remained on Europa, the reply was – ‘over seven hundred.’ The size of the ships all of a sudden seemed logical. This number would need to be housed and fed. The leader said that the other sites mentioned on the station map had more accommodation to add to that at Echus Chasma – there would be more than sufficient. They would like to be able to produce alternatives to cellulose. The humans and Symbiants wanted them to have some accommodation at Marineris Central, as there would be new colonists arriving from Earth and this would help to avoid splintering the accord. There was a sea change in motivation for all involved. There were also issues entirely for humans to debate. Although interstellar flight was not yet possible, the chance to learn and adapt more from the Axis sphere and carcass was available. To learn was not the problem; adaptation was the perceived threat.
This uneasiness could at least be explored with the Axis individuals. After all they had the same dilemma several million years ago. This would come down to individuals because some of them had already changed their minds about allowing their life to expire. The meeting with the humans in particular had given them purpose again. Others were not sure.
All of them had suffered the same soul-searching when the manipulation of their physiology and cerebral structure was deemed an essential part of interstellar migration. Their decision was intensified because of the critical nature of the gas giants and the uncertain timescale of Armageddon. It had also been a free choice, but with no reversal. The disaster which followed not only conferred immediate guilt – it produced the clouds of futility when they were separated from the other ships and the eventual acceptance that one was lost. The settlement of Mars had a temporary restorative effect but the reasoning for the entire venture resumed its erosion of ‘quality of life’. This was only made worse by the relative immortality they had inflicted on themselves. The bacterial plague was the last straw. Now that the improbable had actually happened, they were split over the rescinding of a vow. There was an element of something bordering on faith at play and it would not be resolved quickly. It consequently had a similar potential to divide the human contingent, which of course continued to astonish the Symbiants.
Because some of the Axis wished to retain their longevity, they decided to keep the production lines for the spheres and carcasses unmodified. Further exchanges on the unexplored Axis sites revealed mining and chemical plants. This was a major plus for the burgeoning society. Like the Echus Chasma facilities, they were highly automated and indeed produced many of the ‘alloys and plastics’ used in the manufacturing sites. There was more – a huge nuclear power plant had been built in a cavern hewn out of a mountain side, thus explaining how their facilities could have remained operational over such an incredible period. There was avid human interest in seeing this facility, to understand how it was designed to only require a service every 555 years.
********
The ‘foolhardy and unilateral’ decision to open house for the Axis race did not go down well in Beijing or in world governments. The damning verdicts were not fully shared by the population. Embargos were discussed in terms of more colonists and infrastructure supplies. When information was received concerning the much more advanced Axis infrastructure, there was a hiatus in the authoritarian stance. Xiang was grateful for this because he had witnessed a distinct slippage of his influence; the paranoia gene had become dominant and transferable. It had not helped when the reaction on Mars to all this was one of labelling it ‘self-fuelling hypocrisy’.
Carvalho was becoming something of a political evangelist, his latest transmission unleashed criticism of government ‘sterility’ on anything beyond maintaining power. “The constant claims our democratic principles make are simply a facade of deception. The first commandment of our elected representatives is to ‘honour the status quo’. Thou shalt not entertain challenge to anything which scaffolds the divinity of our chambers of wisdom. Everything they claim to be, but aren’t, is embodied in the friends we have made. They have, in a real way, watched over us for millions of years, with a self-regulated pledge of non-interference. Do you seriously think we are going to listen to your threadbare, morally bankrupt ploys to shrink from anything but wholehearted integration with the Axis? You need a reality check – a good one might be reading the high-minded charter which was produced to extol the colonisation in the first place.”
This haranguing was threatening to hold up the return of Mike, Finn and Dane plus crew, via Newton. Xiang continually argued that this would only fan the flames of the bush fire and yet he experienced little support. He called for a summit meeting of the relevant individuals, apart from the executive, who were ‘militarising’ the spat. He did this on international networks and it did flush out demonstrations for and against the ruling mandarins. The groundswell was shifting heavily toward supporting the human decision on Mars after the whole story had been broadcast on TV. There were parallels with the situation when the Confederation of Nations blundered over their covert orders to terminate Alex 2. Xiang reminded the executive of the Council for Human Exploration of this, and why that particular title had been bestowed in the first place. “The irreparable damage which would be imported from a repeat of the crass miscalculation of the feelings of the masses would be the ultimate torpedo. We are being ruled by our fear and the populace has scent of it. If we fuel this, then, quite honestly, we deserve to be booted out of office.”
The summit, to the minds of those who were most insecure, was more of a capitulation to insubordination than a concession to common decency. They found it difficult to fully appreciate their own term ‘insubordination’. They could not truly concede that it was a two-way situation. Although they talked about accountability and merely being representatives of the people, the addiction of power prevented them from believing their own words.
The only governments which supported the summit from the big five were India and the USAr. The first government to fall was Russia. The relatively recent break-up of the Soviet Union had reminded many Russian constituencies that the runaway capitalist legacy had not really delivered the dream.
This political earthquake ricocheted around the globe, and predictably cast a typical cloak of ‘genuine re-prioritisation of global interests’ over their tactical retreat. Presiding over the opportunities of others’ misfortune was a powerfully reinforcing gene. The summit eventually took place without a morsel of interest on Mars.
It did, however, begin with the olive branch of approval of Newton’s departure, which was of value to the increasing muscle of the off-world population.
********
The possibility had been there for some time now, but no one had mentioned it. The Symbiants were not usually so reserved or inclined to stand on ceremony. Replication of a member of the Axis race, in theory, would give everyone a more logical interpretation of their knowledge. It was partly out of respect for what they had been through, but there was also the real prospect that the Continuance had been responsible for some of their plight. If the interaction had directly resulted in the path of development to the wormhole, it would be a sensitive issue. It was strange that they had never brought it up. It was not lost on the humans either. Was that the route they were heading down with the Symbiants? It provoked a question from the arch inquisitor Yamamoto. “Bearing in mind this was some three million years ago, and the Continuance has been dormant on Mars since well before that, where does that put your understanding of the physics involved?”
Alex 2 could not comment with accuracy unless he knew what they knew, via replication. The way things were at present he could only say that he could comprehend the principles of the Axis wormhole technique and how it could have caused the problems on Nexus. He would have expected the Continuance in 55 Cancri to be aware of this possible consequence and could not envisage them endorsing such a risk. “This does bring up the issue of replication. I would suggest we ask them to consider it as a means to be more certain of the circumstances surrounding the tragedy.”
Carvalho added his view. “I believe we have to tread carefully here. I don’t want to sour the fantastic start we have with the Axis. Perhaps we should make a point to regularly acquaint them with the benefits we have gleaned from replications. Not just in technical cooperation but in extracting data reliably – overcoming deceit or memory loss of the subject. It may arouse their interest.” This was considered to be acceptable, and the replication request was shelved for now.
The minimum number of Axis personnel required to begin the caretaking role were left behind and the remainder set off to pick up their family and friends on Europa. As the closest distance from Mars to Jupiter space was 555 million km (there is that number again), or 344 million miles, and the furthest is 744 million miles, it was going to be quite some time before they returned. This appeared to be lost on the panic merchants on Earth. The round trip had to be somewhere between 20 and 44 times that of a one way Earth to Mars version when the planets were closest. Carvalho had to get this perspective into the heads of the purveyors of doom. Even if the Axis’ ‘conventional’ propulsion’ system was much more effective than current human counterparts, they were going to be gone a long time.
At least the Axis individuals staying on Mars could begin the maintenance checks with a new horizon approach rather than one of simply preserving a legacy. The appetite of the humans and Symbiants towards observing and understanding the various techniques provided additional motivation.
As the Symbiants had now made significant progress with the Axis spoken language, they considered modifying their speech apparatus to master the basic communication exchanges. This did however inadvertently catalyse a discussion on replication. When the leader was asked in ‘click’ tones what his name was, the reply was virtually unpronounceable for the Symbiants. The leader himself then said, via the tablet, “If our understanding is reliable, you would be able to converse in our language by replication.”
This was affirmed by Alex 2. The tablet then read. “I will discuss this with the others and we can then decide. Would you explain in detail what is involved to allay any concerns we may have?”
Alex 2 painstakingly described the various phases and this was backed up by Carvalho. The latter stressed that if there was any regret after the event, the replicant could be asked to delete knowledge or even programmed for regression. The leader said they could expect a response in five Martian days, as they would have to canvass the groups on Europa. They could do this via the screens at Pandora’s Rift.
The project given the highest priority was the interfacing of Axis power generation to Human facilities. If this could be achieved it would open up advances on almost every front. All human engineering expertise and two Symbiants were allocated to the cause.

Chapter 36

The paranoia on Earth had begun to subside but was then kicked quickly sideways into a new fertile domain when the Axis had agreed to a replication. The leader had several volunteers and the mutual choice was an engineer, to hopefully facilitate harmonisation of the infrastructure coalescence.
Xiang was experiencing cold turkey again. This time he allowed the strain to manifest itself in a rebuke to Carvalho. The Commander, however, did not take offence. He knew that Xiang was the one true ally they had back in pantomime land. His good natured response and appreciation of Xiang’s position eased the tension when he reminded everyone of the reversibility option. He won a little more objectivity when he estimated the engineering benefit could be measured in decades rather than months. “We are looking at gains from three thousand years of colonisation by a species which was more advanced three million years ago than we are now. I took the decision calmly and based on this colossal saving in both time and expense, with the parachute of reversal. I hope this can be viewed as rationally on Earth as we hoped it would.” He added the palliative, “I’m anxious to acknowledge this may have caused some apprehension there, but I didn’t want the Axis to think we were stalling in case they withdrew their consent. They have a lot to lose too.”
Xiang recovered his energy to stay the course and renewed the offensive with the politicians. He wished he was dealing directly with the populous on this issue.
********
The replication was attended by Pascal 2, Alex 2, Carvalho, the leader and two other Axis officers – medical and communication experts. It was a longer process than human replication, but it went very smoothly. The colour show was evident again when the new Axis Symbiant engineer began to click in what was apparently a clear, articulate manner. The subsequent evaluation of knowledge transfer on engineering principles was deemed ‘astonishing’. The final assessment was to be one of scavenging historical interpretation of events back at the 55 Cancri Exodus. It was decided that a thorough analysis of the Axis files and exhibits by the new Symbiant, and the subject of the replication could be helpful.
Radmanov had almost been forgotten in all the euphoria. He had managed to eclipse his frustration and the time of his return was near. He was anxious to know who else would be on board. Carvalho was also keen to hear the verdict on this because he might want to have more input than normal in this situation. While it was not ‘like driving a bus’ yet, the frequent voyages had lowered the stipulated minimum requirements compared to the first missions. He needed to sketch out the Symbiant and human staffing of Axis-Earth projects and choose from the remaining individuals. The next colonists also had to be viewed with a slightly altered emphasis to optimise the flow of progress. He anticipated some potential conflict with Earth, especially as they had not recovered from the challenge to their image of themselves sufficiently to authorise a date for the trip. He pondered whether or not it would be beneficial for him to return.
The language programme had prospered well with the arrival of the Axis Symbiant. This had resulted in all Symbiants modifying their voice apparatus to cater for both Human and Axis sound reproduction. In trying to teach the humans basic words of Axis speech however, there was only frustration. The leader’s name was Tcck Tsoh Tcet, which approximated to Always Precise. The Symbiants suggested pronouncing the first two letters as one and emphasising the last of each word. The best attempts apparently related something bordering on derogatory. This resulted in the leader suggesting that the humans chose his name in their language. They conceded defeat and simply chose Al. The leader acknowledged this and asked for the Symbiants help in using their production facilities to alter the Axis voice box to enable human sounds to be included.
The information everyone was waiting for was slow in coming. The Axis engineer and his or her Symbiant were combing the archives meticulously. They eventually located a section on the Master of Fate hitherto overlooked in terms of its significance. There were several references to his ‘Consul’. This individual had no name, but other passages around this time recorded by other writers, mentioned cases of mistaken identity. These incidents were frequent enough for the Supreme Leader to insist on a means of differentiation between the Master of Fate and his Consul. This struck the current Axis Symbiant as worth checking out with Al. When he was shown these passages Al said he could open and inspect files which were normally confined to true leaders.
He reported back that indeed there was recurring mention of these ‘twins’ and the subsequent disappearance of the Consul, after he had begun to draw the attention of the Master of Fate to the risks of creating a spatial distortion close to Nexus. It had been assumed that the Consul had been dismissed, although he had never been seen again. The disappearance was not headline news because the focus was now on the mission and the absolute confidence the Master of Fate had reiterated.
This entire episode was a mixture of myth and actual events and the circumstantial evidence allowed for alternate explanations. Alex 2, however, seemed unable to accept that the Continuance would have failed to make the Axis race aware of the pros and cons of their exit technology. Despite this latest revelation, which could suggest the Master of Fate had done what the Sumerians had on Earth, he admitted this was not proof. “It would be convenient to conclude that the Master of Fate was replicated and rid himself of that replicant when he feared the loss of his own status. We could only know that for certain if we were able to replicate him or his corpse a second time.” The trawl of the archives continued.
********
The realisation on Earth that the tottering infant called Mars had now acquired balance and was assuming its own character, albeit with parental inheritance, was slowly breaking down alarmist propaganda. The major player here had been Xiang, yet the decision to ratify the departure of the next colony ship was tinged with a desire to even up the ratio of Human:Axis presence on ‘our planet’. This was betrayed by the embargo status being replaced by an accelerated departure. In the middle of the decision process, Xiang had slipped in the importance of Carvalho, as the senior representative of the species on Mars, to determine the crews for the return of Columbus and the outward Newton. They would cross each other’s path at some point.
Carvalho chose two Symbiants to pilot Columbus back to Earth and briefed them on the situation with Radmanov. He issued them with strict instructions to administer sedation if necessary. They were taken from the forestation programme. Radmanov asked why Carvalho was not going. The Commander said it was more important to stay for the supervision of the new infrastructure surge. Radmanov was assured he had served his penitence and would not be detained in Beijing. The Russian was quite pleased that no humans were aboard.
Carvalho transmitted his requirements for even more engineers to arrive with Newton and the next colony ship. This was to be a mixture of pure engineering and specialised robotics. He wanted a linguistics specialist and more computing expertise. The social aspect needed beefing up with the colonists and more technical entertainment equipment was high priority.
The pursuit of the mystery knowledge disappearance was slowly yielding snippets. There was pretty solid evidence from Al opening more Leaders’ biographies that the Master of Fate had perished on Nexus amongst the four million. Somehow this drew a line under the urgency. It did not seem to matter to the Axis whether they unearthed more. They trusted Alex 2’s statement that the Continuance would have insisted there was a risk with spatial distortion. They now believed that the ‘Consul’ had been the instrument of that advice and had paid for it. The humans said that if the Axis were prepared to accept this, then they would not contest it any further. The Symbiants maintained that it had not been proven but that such proof had almost become academic.
 As Columbus and Newton were nearing crossover the colonist ship was launched. The air of ‘breakthrough’ was evident. The mutual language interface was up and running. The power and manufacturing transfer from the Axis was up and running. The project to collect the remaining Axis was up and running. The Earth abandonment of mistrust was up and could soon be running.
There was also a thread running - the Symbiants were experiencing increasing dependence on their time from both Human and Axis Martians, in every aspect of progress.
This would include discussions between the two on the Axis recommendations regarding the thorny subject of alteration of Human physiology. Alex 2 made broadly the same comment that he had when he first addressed the world following the return of Copernicus. “You are still facing the question of embracing a conscious adaptation of the species. This extension and modification of Charles Darwin’s logic will not cease to either haunt you or drive you to a higher plane of understanding. You can have the understanding without the implementation being mandatory. The reverse is not valid.” Al was asked by Carvalho to try to summarise the views of his kin, in Epsilon Eridani, Gliese and the solar system of the virtues and trade-offs.
The Axis leader remarked that there were slight variations from the three locations. Those in Gliese felt it was justified and had found a suitable home. Epsilon Eridani was less complimentary, and although they had found a planet which had flourished because of their presence, they missed something important. The need and means to procreate was denied. The solar based Axis had endured the most difficult experience, and as with the others, had to add the tragic price of the Nexus annihilation. By their decision to allow individuals to terminate their existence, they would have to admit to negativity towards the concept of alteration. He quickly added that out of despair, hope can arise and this was manifest by some Martian Axis reversing their decision. Al added that he was personally ambivalent on the issue. “There is always the benefit of hindsight in our comments. This will make the choice even more difficult for you. Alex 2’s point is difficult to disagree with, unless you acquire the knowledge you don’t have the choice.”
Carvalho gathered the humans for a meeting without either Symbiants or Axis present and related their comments. He wanted everyone to consider the collective and individual implications and they would re-convene.

Chapter 37

Some aspects were easy to decide upon, others were complex. The point which Alex 2 had reinforced about learning and implementation was valid and there was unanimity in endorsing the research. The best estimates about the stability of the solar system compared to the ‘sword of Damocles’ which hung over 55 Cancri was important. Humanity did not have to be railroaded into making a premature or panic decision. It was also a consensus view that no individual should be coerced into accepting ‘modification’. This discussion was heading for a cosy conclusion when Carvalho introduced a point which Alex 2 had made more than two years ago. “I can’t disagree with any sentiment expressed so far. I just have the feeling we may be deluding ourselves with respect to how long we have to confront the eventual acceptance protocol. Alex 2, as some of you may know, has been directing the work of Dr. Isaakson in repairing and assisting the human brain’s self-recovery from certain conditions. He has repeatedly drawn attention to our blasé attitude to transplants of other organs and synthetic body parts such as knee, hip and even spinal components. Isaakson’s work has been successfully extended to temporary life support by rerouting cerebral function through an artificial brain. Alex 2’s thrust is that in a short time we will face the decision over a brain transplant to save lives. The assumption at that time will be that the memory/data from the original defective organ will be lost and a ‘new identity’ may be experienced by the recovering patient. There is an ethical issue here which is less controversial with an artificial replacement and the higher potential to be able to transfer data. This decision will be upon us very much sooner than we realise. He has difficulty in understanding our inability to distinguish compassion from inevitability. I’m not canvassing support for his view; I am merely increasing your awareness of another timescale which will impact the one we are currently debating.”
There was a considerable silence. The gradual emergence of acknowledgement that there could be ‘approval by default’ re-ignited the discussion. It took a slightly different course. They felt they could only speak for the ‘citizens’ of Mars. It was time this citizenship issue was discussed in its own right. There should be no repeat of conflicts over independence or civil wars. There was a real need for such a charter which included the Axis and Symbiants. This should be considered in the same time frame as the modification dilemma. Both of these controversial issues were likely to meet with different recommendations on Earth and Mars, simply because of the prevailing circumstances in each location. For example, the decision to offer a new brain to save someone’s life on Earth would be bogged down by bureaucratic dogma and layers of moral and religious objection. It was quite likely that this procrastination would exceed the living status of the subject. That scenario would probably not occur on Mars because of the small population and the ease of identifying with the individual, and their predicament. This aspect had already reared its head with social requirements. It would only grow like a tumour if not addressed. The impact of such notions on Earth would risk future support. It was tricky. They all felt it was necessary.
The fallout of the conundrum was to test out the degree to which the umbilical cord from mother to infant could accommodate change. The logical and possibly defining issue was that which had kicked off the broader ‘constitutional’ one. They agreed to progress the modification programme by voluntary subjects and at a rate which was in synchronisation with Isaakson’s progress. It was a bold gambit and they accepted they should brace themselves for a conservative response.
This resolve meant that there was one more item to be added to the growing list of those up and running in Martian society. This was without doubt the one of most significance. It truly was the era of Transition.
The explanation of this policy was extremely well received by the Axis and Symbiants. It had all the regalia of inclusiveness. Time would be the arbiter of whether that was matched with substance.

 
Part Three: Completion

Chapter 1

Roberto Xiang’s funeral marked the beginning of the end of an era. It was attended by all of the astronauts who had been involved in the missions to Mars over which he had presided as Controller, and later as the Chief Executive of the Council for Human Exploration. His passing had hit Daniel Carvalho every bit as hard as it did his own family. During the memorial service, Carvalho reflected on just how much Xiang had influenced his career and indeed his life.
This special relationship must have figured in the offer to Carvalho of continuing the work as Xiang’s successor. Carvalho knew this, and he also knew his now departed friend would understand why he refused. He sidestepped the honour by convincing the faceless ones that he had a lot more to achieve off-world. It was for this reason that Daniel Carvalho knew that his dear friend Roberto Xiang would have endorsed his decision to remain a Martian. 
It was almost a quarter of a century since the Copernicus crew first set foot on Mars. Carvalho was twenty-seven at the time; he neither looked nor felt fifty-one. Apart from a little grey around the temples, his thick black hair and athletic build would have placed him no more than late thirties. He had never married, convincing himself that he had no time for anything other than his passion of steering the colony to make the breakthrough – interstellar propulsion capability. Only now did he have some regret that he had no offspring, and this was gnawing at his disposition of the species in general.
The Axis technology and the Symbiants’ implementation had transformed Mars into a pleasant environment. Symbiant was the affectionate term for the individual members of the Continuance. They had replicated various Humans and Axis personnel over the years and combined the inherited knowledge with their own prodigious capabilities.
The population of Mars was nudging sixty one thousand in 2057. The vast majority was human and many of those were Martian born. The Axis had decided in 2045 that they would consent to fabrication of totally ‘artificial’ citizens. The decision was taken because their numbers could otherwise only decrease – due to the mass sterilisation which had occurred on their home planet, Nexus.
Initially this had caused mild panic on Earth, but the influence of Carvalho had prevailed when he repeatedly stated that mankind may face precisely the same dilemma in the future. This gave breathing space to the Axis but re-ignited unrest concerning the ‘spectre’ of deleting humanity’.
The Axis infrastructure had ensured a high degree of Martian self-sufficiency. In fact Earth was in deficit with trade, especially synthetic food production techniques and sophisticated nuclear plant licences. The seeds of meritocracy sown on Earth when Alex 2 had returned with Copernicus had struggled to make an impact. The position of the consumer at the apex of the Terran pyramid had proven difficult to dislodge. The progress was slow and would remain so while promissory notes alone continued to drive investment.
By contrast Mars was a genuine meritocracy. Currency had never been employed; even trade with Earth had been on an exchange principle. If there was no immediate inventory or technology requirement it accrued against the next one to emerge. Luxuries were available, subordinated to necessities, and shared. Apart from particular remit driven accessories, citizens had an equal stake in the creation of ‘a better place’. This was puzzling to many Earth citizens in view of the macro differences in the participating species. It also had a knock-on effect of increasing the waiting list to exit the home planet.
 Carvalho was mulling over his forthcoming meeting with two visitors from Terra. Xiang’s successor was Brady Logan, a former Governor of Oceania and before that C.E. of World Food Developments Inc. The second individual was an old friend in propulsion theory – Karel Sevicek. He felt there would be difficulties in spreading his time with them. Some delegation would be required and as he did not want Logan to suffer any distraction, he would assign Red and Dan to Sevicek and try to persuade him to take a later shuttle back to Earth.
When the Axis had accepted the invitation to move back to Mars from Europa, the message had been delivered by Al (an abbreviation of Always Precise – the closest translation of his Axis designation). Al was the leader of the caretakers on their 555 year cycle to maintain Martian legacy. The overall leader was the one who ratified the decision to return – his translated designation was ‘Far Vision’ and the obligatory abbreviation became ‘Fav’.
The Axis spoken language had been too difficult for humans to master so the Axis had altered their voice apparatus with the assistance of the medical Symbiant, Pascal 2, first generation replicant of Pascal Dupree, the Copernicus Doctor. They had become fluent in human conversation, but retained pledges to preserve their own clicking language.
Carvalho had requested Fav to assign his foremost propulsion theorist to the meeting with Sevicek, and it was agreed. His reasoning was to provide counterbalance in view of the disastrous results of the accidental genocide of the occupants of Nexus. There was no critical urgency to blast out of the solar system, so it was important to keep safety as the overriding arbiter of experimentation.
On Earth the Council for Human Exploration was under considerable pressure to increase the rate of migration to Mars, by the governments of the big five. This was as much to help deliver election promises to their voters as it was to beef up the Martian effort. It could not be projected so truthfully in the murky world of politics. Carvalho knew this would be top of Logan’s agenda if he had produced one. He didn’t however want an uncontrolled Earth exodus to fracture the social and industrial accord on Mars. It would therefore come as a surprise for Logan to be confronted with Alex 2 and Fav as well as himself.
 There was an even bigger surprise for Carvalho. The Terran phobia that had accompanied replication by the amorphous form of the red Martian crystals had been quelled over the years. Now Logan was about to arrive with a request for Scarlet to become part of the trading agreement.
This could become a thorny issue as over 80% of the resource had been consumed in building the giant and mini-domes as well as propagation of the immense forests around the planet. The atmosphere now had a micro-greenhouse effect and the surface temperature during the day often reached 9 degrees Celsius. The consequent water vapour retention allowed liquid water to weave its own ecological agenda. Oxygen level was at 7%, almost perfect for the Axis, although still a little thin for humans; it was at a similar level to that at Everest’s Himalayan peak. The trend however was now partly self-generating and exponential change had been established. Radiation was still an issue. The remaining quantities of Scarlet had been extracted and cold-stored in a highly secure location. The notion that it would become a tool of profligate politicians, to bolster their economies by replicants displacing the lower paid, and creating an illusory hike in quality of living, was distinctly unacceptable to all Martians.
The arrival of the visitors’ shuttle was officially an opportunity for Martians to take a vacation on Earth. There was no clamour for this; a few normally did take it, but considering the many who had left family behind it was a disturbing judgement of Terran society that most did not.
The visitors disembarked from the descent vehicle. Logan appeared much more relieved than Sevicek when they were greeted by Carvalho. A quick safety induction video was sufficient for Logan to recover his poise, and Carvalho explained the separate sessions, assuring Sevicek that they would get some one-on-one time in the evenings.
Although both men had heard of the advances in colonisation they were highly impressed with everything they saw. No fossil fuel was used for heating or transport. The appetising appearance of the cuisine was entirely courtesy of the Axis technology. The absence of money and plastic cards stood out. The recreation dome halfway between Marineris Central and Echus Chasma contained an impressive lake with water sports and street cafes. The PA system infrequently interrupted Echus 1 TV broadcasts. There was another social networking dome near the fissure on the road to Utopia Planitia, for buildings facilitating other leisure pursuits such as libraries, cinemas, dancing and restaurants. Other domes were under construction. Access between these distant points was by Axis-designed underground trains. They were incredibly high speed, high precision vehicles with virtually no sensation of movement.
The ‘tour’ ended with the phenomenal refurbished manufacturing operation at Echus Chasma. When looking at the spacecraft assembly lines and the sophistication of the robotics, Sevicek proclaimed that nothing he had seen of this on TV had prepared him for this moment. The meetings would start after sleep and breakfast.

 
Chapter 2

The two Earthlings exhibited starkly contrasting appearances as well as agendas. Logan was a burly figure with over-subscribed and under-groomed nasal hair. His eyebrows were thick and joined up. Sevicek was on the scrawny side and sported designer cornea of blue-green. He appeared to be suffering nutrition deprivation and an overdose of VDU exposure.
Dan and Red introduced themselves to Sevicek and then explained that ‘Jet’ was the leading Axis authority on propulsion technology and spatial distortion. Dan was the first generation replicant of Carvalho himself, and Red was the second generation equivalent of Alex Redgrave – Alex 2 being the first. Redgrave was a saboteur aboard Copernicus and had committed a planned suicide on Mars to destabilise the confidence in the colonisation programme.
“I hope you slept well Mr. Logan. Sometimes the first night is a restless one, even for shuttle veterans.”
The reply was cautious yet verbose. “Well, I took a while to settle – nothing to do with the accommodation though; I think my sleep aids are not so effective here. On the other hand I sometimes have trouble sleeping at home and......”
“Why don’t I get Pascal 2 to prescribe something for you tonight? He’s very good. Now, looking at the agenda you sent, I suppose it’s prioritised in the order you wish discussion?”
“Yes, I have an additional item which is actually the most important. It was felt to be too sensitive to put it in a transmission.”
“Ok,” said Carvalho, “go ahead.”
Logan wasn’t at ease and nervously began. “There’s a desire to add the red crystal to our regular trading list, in fact to raise it to the top. Please, before you respond, let me sketch in the rationale.” Quite a pronounced silence prevailed then Logan admitted he was not necessarily a supporter of this request; he was a spokesman not an advocate.
“What the hell is that supposed to mean?” challenged Carvalho.
“It means there is a division of ethics involved. You must know from my predecessor that the Council has very strong objections to bringing the crystal to Earth, for any reason. The most influential nations – the Big Five however, remind us that in fact they fundamentally support that purist view, but practical considerations require flexibility. They also added that they didn’t see any need to procrastinate over this, as the independent views of the Council are recorded and understood, but they pay our salaries and would like to continue that contribution. We have been ‘warned’ not to rock the boat.”
Carvalho bit his tongue. He instinctively knew that it was a waste of time sharing his Martian perspective on this. He also wondered how much of Logan’s selection had been influenced by this initiative. “I see. Well, I will of course need to acquaint Alex 2 and Fav of this and...” He was cut off. “That is another concern; they don’t want to involve any non-humans in this trade. I’m not authorised to discuss this with anyone other than you.”
Carvalho decided the moment had arrived. “With respect Mr. Logan, you have no concrete jurisdiction on Mars, or haven’t you heard of the Mars Charter? Your predecessor not only accepted this – he embraced it. The answer to such a strident demand from Terran Capitalistas, whether directly or via a quisling conduit like you, is a definite negative. Does any of that seem ambiguous to you?”
No response. “Have I made myself clear?”
“Certainly,” was the eventual reply, “I fear that it is so unambiguous that it won’t be well received, and that may precipitate certain sanctions towards Mars.”
Carvalho consciously reeled in his contempt. “Yes, I can appreciate that but we cannot pretend we will be inconvenienced by such petulance - in any material way. It would however be a dangerous route for humans in the long term, both here and on Earth. I urge you to return and convey my sincere wish for proper dialogue on all issues, especially one such as this. Without being apprised of the real reasons for such a volte-face, it’s impossible for me to convey any genuine support to my non-human fellow leaders. Social cohesion is the bedrock of our philosophy Mr. Logan.” A comfort break was appreciated.
Logan took a long time to return. It had given them both some time to think. Carvalho was reflecting on how Xiang had always managed to keep the populous onside even when the ruling class was troublesome. There was another factor at play now. As long as Mars was seen as the tottering infant and Earth as the tolerant parent, Xiang had capitalised on the moral persuasion at opportune moments. Now that the wayward, headstrong youth had outstripped the parents in technological and social development, such familial sympathy was evaporating. Carvalho deduced that governments and industrialists had grasped the significance of this shift and had decided to nurture it. He could imagine that religion would also be roped into the campaign at some juncture. The most surprising aspect of the request was the absence of discussion on safeguards and restrictions related to the use of Scarlet. The barons who had failed so far to locate red crystal of Earth origin would be either incredulous at such manna from heaven or involved somewhere along the line. When Logan re-entered he merely asked if this was Carvalho’s final position on the matter.
The reply was calculated and less hostile but just as firm. “I consider the implications of such a proposal are far beyond the forum of a shopping list of trade products. I will travel to Earth to discuss the matter in a wider context. I suggest we plough through the rest of the agenda.” Logan accepted the suggestion as it avoided him ‘falling at the first fence’.
********
In splendid contrast the other meeting was proceeding well. In the preceding decades since the Axis arrived back on Mars, they and the Symbiants, had steadfastly repeated that the spatial distortion technology had been lost. There were however two positions on the matter. The Axis had known how to achieve this, but the fundamental principles had perished with their supreme leader on the fourth exodus ship from Nexus. They had not made the effort to recover the knowledge as the practice had been banned by their species. The Symbiants and Axis had been able to confirm that the knowledge was originally developed by interaction with the Continuance. There was circumstantial archive evidence that the Continuance had advised against use of the technique in an already unstable system such as 55 Cancri. The Symbiants stopped short of saying it would be acceptable in other locations but did hint that this technique was three million years old. Dan was careful to point out once again that their role was not to lead. “We can say that many things have changed – the location of wormholes, the respective balance of dark matter and dark energy, and the availability of new materials. Other things have remained as before; one of them is the alternative means to the same end.”
Sevicek seized upon this. “You mean there are better ways to develop interstellar travel?” Dan required clarity in this dialogue. “The word ‘better’ troubles me. Better for what? Better for whom? There are many parameters involved, such as safety for personnel and environment, efficiency in energy requirement, control of displacement and destination. All of these questions are for the future because you have a formidable learning curve to negotiate before you can even begin to evaluate those parameters.”
Jet had made no contribution so far. “Are you implying that we could assist humans and simultaneously find a safe means of returning to 55 Cancri to see if Nexus is still there?”
Dan avoided a direct kindling of hope. “Many things are possible within the laws of physics. It does not mean there is no downside. Your level of knowledge would indeed be helpful to humans, but you also need to progress significantly to engage meaningfully with your own questions.” The discussion was a potential watershed in creating the context for an acceptable resumption of Axis interest, after a three million year break.
A timely entrance by Carvalho was courtesy of Logan needing to send a coded transmission to Earth on the status of the Scarlet proposal. He really wanted to be involved in this meeting rather than the one of political manoeuvring, and he was lifted by the précis given by Sevicek.
This was the first time they had met since university, although they had kept in touch. He knew he could trust this man, but also had to find an honest way of making him aware of the invisible overlays which were not exactly founded on integrity. In view of the emerging potential on propulsion cooperation from the Axis, Carvalho felt reinforcement of his suggestion to get Sevicek to stay, was justified. Sevicek welcomed the chance to remain involved and offered no hesitation in accepting the offer if Carvalho could clear it with the ‘brass’.
“Let’s discuss the detail in my quarters before dinner this evening. I’ll arrange for Logan to meet with our social director and her staff. He may even learn something.”

 
Chapter 3

When he recalled Xiang’s funeral there was a vivid recollection of Karl Koppelt, the retired Beijing Intelligence guru. He had shunned contact with him for over two decades, but Carvalho tried to focus on the bigger picture. Many times Koppelt had silently encouraged truce when their paths crossed. The aversion was rooted in the attempt by the then Confederation of Nations to neutralise Alex 2 in Beijing. Carvalho’s replicant Dan, together with Commander Magnusson, had led the escape plan. Koppelt was instructed to intercept this breakout, and at one point his men opened fire on the escapees thinking that Dan was in fact Carvalho. The efforts of Xiang to repair the rift had been continually rejected even though Koppelt was acting under orders and was not involved in the direct instruction to shoot.
At the funeral Koppelt looked frail and in poor health. There was a haunting expression as he looked Carvalho in the eyes as if to say – ‘this will be the last chance’. He decided to test the willingness to make amends by asking Koppelt’s advice in identifying those at the apex of the Scarlet O’Hara agenda. He would have to be careful to avoid inviting any interest in why he was to make contact. He opted for the innocent – nothing to hide public route. He contacted one of Xiang’s most trusted subordinates, Steven Brightwell. The transmission went immediately so he could gauge any reaction before his proposed visit to Earth, which he would allow Logan to disclose.
“Steven, I know you will understand how much I have agonised over the years about Roberto’s attempts to get me to bury the past with Karl Koppelt. At the funeral I saw how weak Karl was, and out of final respect for Xiang, I know it’s now or never. I’m expecting to be in Beijing in the near future and I wonder if you’d inform Karl that this has gone on long enough. If he wishes to make contact while I’m there it would be welcomed. I owe this to Roberto. I need no reply from you, I leave that to Karl. Many thanks for your help.”
When Sevicek turned up for his pre-dinner refreshment he was really charged up about the Axis involvement in the push for new propulsion technology. “This is a complete surprise but will be a real shot in the arm for human research funding.”
“I wouldn’t be too sure Karel; it may not be all that you think.”
Sevicek’s brow furrowed. “Why? I would have thought you would be delighted.”
Carvalho nodded. “I am delighted that the Axis will join the band, I’m just not sure that the audition will be appreciated as much by the judges as it is by you and me. I have had to add political acumen to my primary interests here in order to survive. The pressure has eased since we are now the net exporter of trade, but that doesn’t mean it won’t return under a different guise. The changes are sometimes subtle, for example, the scrutiny of migrants to Mars did not only deteriorate, but became directed to lower standards. We had to insist on replacing this Earth function with our own. You noticed on arrival that there was an obvious lack of species other than the Continuance, the Axis and Humans. There are no animals in the forests, no insects around the flowers. This is thought to be too dangerous at the moment but at least it was discussed. The shipment of infected humans and known offenders couldn’t have been an accident. We’ve been meticulous in rehabilitating these individuals but then had to undertake our own screening. We had to ask the question why – that was a no brainer, but directing the question to the source of the problem proved impossible. This isn’t some melodramatic claim. I’m merely making you aware of how bent and wide the ‘straight and narrow’ turf you walk actually is. Don’t get your hopes too high, and I’m always here, even though we never had this conversation.” 
A deflated Sevicek followed Carvalho to dinner as he contemplated the next question. “So Karel, I assume you still want to stay on so we can progress this fine beginning?” The evening went with an abundance of pleasantries and little else. Logan whispered that he was still waiting for a reply on the Earth visit and had been told to expect one by morning. This, he said, was good news – with a wink.
Carvalho returned the gesture and thanked him for the facilitating role he was offering. He even sounded genuine. Logan, thankfully, called it a day first. Dan suggested to Carvalho that Yamamoto should be included in the meeting from now, as he had a lot to contribute. Yamamoto had arrived on Mars not long before the Axis return and was considered one of the most promising humans by the Symbiants. Alex 2 and Fav were invited to join Carvalho so he could brief them on his forthcoming visit to Earth. There was no way he was going to keep this from them. Fav was mystified in the same way Alex 2 used to be by ‘human conformance aberration’. He was reassured by Alex 2 that he would gradually adapt to it over the next few years. Carvalho smiled at this charade of the blind leading the blind. He stopped smiling when Alex 2 changed the subject. “I have been reviewing Earth science progression via their archives and I have a question. A baby was born in Brazil, by the name of Evander de la Cruz. He lived in the ‘no man’s land’ between the city and the shanty town. His father had apparently sworn to get him a proper education. He used his life savings to get him into a catholic shelter and the teacher immediately recognised the child had a better understanding of arithmetic than anyone else in the shelter, even boys six years older. He was referred to an independent panel and he was considered to be a prodigy. He was fast tracked and astonished the nation by achieving a graduation in physics when he was eleven. There were experts who recommended this boy to attend lectures on cosmology. He is now fifteen and has proposed some very unconventional theories. The world authorities are at present a little embarrassed that they admit his insights are based on valid assumptions but they cannot prove nor disprove them. I have seen abstracts and I can tell you that this boy is better equipped than any individual on Earth, or in the Axis ranks, to take the next leap of interpretation of cosmic observations. He is close. Maybe you have your next Einsteinian or Darwinian icon.”
During the pregnant silence he added, “Perhaps we could invite him here and ask his consent for replication.” Carvalho’s smile returned at the ever-improving sense of humour from Alex 2. He was sure Evander de la Cruz would be asked to come to Mars one day.
Carvalho recalled that Xiang had often been successful in aborting draconian moves by the big five (China, India, USA, Russia and USAr) by having to acknowledge apparent leaks to the media. It was a reliable tactic, and protest by the population at large often delayed or killed off the rogue strategy. He would consider this when he arrived on Earth.
The boreholes in West Candor chasm, which Finn had been monitoring for over two decades, were showing lower pressure readings but the lava flows still occurred spasmodically. Finn was the replicant of the late Jussi Pykonnen, an Earth geologist who had died on Mars. Finn kept up the sample requests for analysis by Ari Nielsen, chief human scientist of the colony. Over the years there had been little out of the ordinary to report. However, most recently the trace presence of something different stood out. Nielsen was so disturbed by this that he was certain he was wrong - so wrong that his reputation would be compromised. He decided the safest way was to bounce it off Red and ask him to delete the conversation. He started by referring to heavy elements with an atomic number greater than 110. “None of these should be stable, naturally occurring isotopes – would you agree?”
“No.”
“What do you mean - no?”
“You must be more specific about naturally occurring – such as where.”
Nielsen was even more cautious. “Here on Mars.”
Red replied instantly. “Yes that would be correct.”
“So where would it be possible?”
The Symbiant smiled. “You know very well Mr. Nielsen that it could be found in star systems with a very large sun, binary stars or multiples. The prerequisite mass and electromagnetic energy could have been produced during their creation.”
“Look at this,” said Nielsen.
“Oh, yes – that is most interesting; I must speak with Alex 2 about it.”
“Not yet….I want to ask you a few more questions. You are familiar with all of the Earth fascination with Element 115?”
Red looked at him intently and said nothing. Nielsen continued, “Some scientists believe that it would be the prime candidate to exploit Gravity A wave amplification if it was stable.”
“Yes, so I understand,” said Red, “but I feel there is a very simplistic assumption that it could distort the vast amounts of space suggested. I believe there is an accepted view that the only naturally occurring phenomenon capable of this would be a black hole. I might add that in case you are wondering if this would register with the Progenitors, I can affirm that you would be correct.”
Nielsen pondered, and then asked, “What is it doing here?”
“I really believe we should ask Alex 2 to join us. I am not avoiding your question, simply making a recommendation as to how we should deal with this. He will be happy to delete the conversation too – if that is really what you want.” Nielsen agreed.
When Alex 2 arrived there was a quick, silent technobabble session between the two Symbiants. Alex 2 turned to Nielsen and said, “We must ask the Axis to explain this.”
Nielsen shook his head vigorously in protest. “I must ask you to....”
“I think you misunderstand Mr. Nielsen. The only feasible explanation is that they brought it with them.”
It was Nielsen’s turn to be lost for words. Alex 2 resumed. “We may find that they do not know why they brought it, but we must know if they did. You have made a significant discovery and it should not be wasted. Commander Carvalho must be made aware of the situation. It could be dangerous or extremely helpful, but it is not the kind of information which should just be filed away. I will speak to him about the urgent need to meet, but not debrief him until we all re-convene. Congratulations Ari Nielsen on your discovery.”
“I must own up, Finn discovered it. I merely analysed it.”

 
Chapter 4

The answer from Earth was the one Logan had hoped for, and he was relieved to inform Carvalho of the confirmation. “Do you wish me to convey any agenda upon my return to avoid transmission leaks?”
Carvalho shook his head. “I think we all know the subject matter thoroughly; it is the consequences which we need to debate.” He had no intention of disclosing his plan of being accompanied by Alex 2 and Fav. Logan said that he would like to spend more time at the Nuclear energy facility to get a better appreciation of the elegance of the design. Apparently there was still some resistance back home to employing an ‘alien’ technology which was not fully understood. Carvalho thought this would be a good way of occupying Logan’s time until the shuttle was cleared for return. He stifled the temptation to suggest the resistance was more to do with financial neutering than any deficit in technical understanding.
He responded to Alex 2’s meeting request. He had not yet picked up on Nielsen’s jittery body language. “Wait, wait a minute, you are going too quickly for me. Remind me of exactly what the significance of Gravity A waves is.”
“Sorry,” gestured Alex 2, “Red will explain more.”
Red started slowly. “All matter known to exist on Earth is considered to be comprised of atoms in which the gravity waves do not extend beyond the atomic perimeter. These you have classified as Gravity B waves. Theoretical ideas have predicted that certain heavy elements could involve Gravity A waves which are able to breach this atomic restriction. The theory goes on to suggest manipulation of this infinitesimal margin – amplification is one such candidate – could allow space/time distortion.”
Alex 2 took over again. “One of the many difficulties with this notion is the half-life of the proposed elements, all of which are higher in atomic number than 110. They decay in the order of milliseconds or indeed fractions of that measurement. The conditions prevailing at the time of creation of your sun are not thought to favour stable isotopes of such potential. In contrast, larger or binary star systems are anticipated to have achieved this and should be considerably richer in more heavy elements than Earth. In summary this material analysed by Mr. Nielsen is, in the opinion of the Continuance, sourced from outside the solar system. We need to speak to Fav.”
Carvalho looked confused. “Why?”
“Because we sometimes overlook the fact that 55 Cancri is a binary system.” When Fav arrived and was apprised of the discovery he did not seem at all perturbed. “Yes we brought this material. We used it for emergency backup to power the screens you found in West Candor chasm. As far as I am aware they have not been required.”
Alex 2 enquired, “This material occurs naturally on Nexus?”
“Yes,” admitted Fav, “although strictly speaking there are two materials in a cell. One is a metallic element, the other is the tri-chloride; they produce a ‘super cell’.”
When Nielsen explained that the find had been via a lava flow and they were particularly interested in the oxy-chloride, Fav said that the lead containment box must have been breached. “We put one cell for each screen into recesses below them, and with automatic routing to the screen, in the event of the normal circuit suffering failure.” A quick contact between Red and Finn confirmed that the borehole where the sample came from was close to screen 2.
Alex 2 suggested that they prioritised a search for and extraction of the rest. Carvalho interrupted. “I apologise for lagging behind here but what is the eventual significance of all this?” Alex 2 pleaded that the detailed discussion was held over until they had rescued as many lead boxes as possible. “Suffice it to say at this stage that the Axis method of creating a wormhole was the proverbial sledgehammer to crack a cosmic nut. This discovery could prove to be the artist’s palette.”
********
Carvalho, Alex 2, Fav and a very nervous Logan were approaching Earth orbit when the transmission came through from Red – ‘thirty one boxes recovered’. Logan was more concerned about boxes being ticked and his failure to do so. The others were happy to hear Red’s announcement.
Decontamination and quarantine for the respective species saw them re-united, which was not exactly how the ‘welcoming’ committee saw Logan. Carvalho was astonished to see Karl Koppelt in the background. It had been planned to have the typical Earth ice-breaking dinner before getting down to business. Carvalho met Koppelt’s gaze and went to shake his hand. Karl was shivering with emotion; Carvalho thanked him for making such an onerous trip in poor health. He asked if Koppelt would join him in his quarters before dinner. “I would like to end this indifference of which I have been guilty. I only wish Roberto could have been here to see it.”
Koppelt’s voice was thin and he seemed to fight for breath with every word. “I’ll be there Daniel, you can be sure of it.” He handed his nurse his walking stick and tried to hug Carvalho. The gesture was devoid of strength but brimming with feeling.
Carvalho was immediately in demand. A clique of Council members, none of whom he recognised other than by their badges, seemed to surround him. He concluded they were second tier messengers. Boris Givet was first into action. “What do you believe your fellow travellers can contribute to our discussion, or are they here on another topic?”
“Why don’t you ask them?” Before there was time to respond they were joined by someone Carvalho did recognise – Ayrton de Santos. He had steadily risen through the ranks under Xiang to Senior Scientist in Beijing. “Commander, it’s good to see you again. I need to give you some information which has only been recently finalised but is highly pertinent to the meeting. Could you collect it after dinner?”
“Certainly. Where do I collect it?”
“I’ll take you to the technical centre to retrieve it from the safe; it’s rather sensitive.” The fresh faced second tiers dispersed rather than be embarrassed at non-inclusion for this data. Koppelt arrived early. “Daniel, I’ve waited a long time to apologise and I.......”
Carvalho wanted to spare the old man painful recollections and explanations but realised he really wanted to finally lay to rest what had not been said over the decades. It took Koppelt some time to recover composure to continue. “I know I didn’t stand against the edict of the Confederation as I should have, and as Roberto did. I know that you know I was not present, when the commanding officer authorised his men to take down who they thought to be you and Magnusson. I would never have given such an order. He was not contravening instructions from the top, but was exercising his judgement in a military fashion rather than a security protocol. He was under my command and I spent too much effort and presence at the airport and border security points. I was wrong but I have always hoped you could see it didn’t happen in the way it was portrayed by the media. I’ve regretted it deeply ever since.”
Carvalho confessed. “I know. I’ve often questioned my own reaction. It may be one of those situations that can only be healed by the passage of a respectful period of time.”
They talked for over an hour and Koppelt said he would love to continue but he was exhausted. Carvalho nodded and left him with a request. “Please stay in touch…and there is something you can advise me on.” After a brief explanation he got to the point of needing help to ferret out the driving personnel behind the new interest in Scarlet O’Hara. “I know you are retired and all I’m asking is a recommendation from you. There’s no one else I could trust with this request.”
The old sparkle returned to Koppelt’s eyes. “You shall have it Daniel, and you shall have it now. Xiang had an ally who helped me significantly in the Radmanov affair, hunting down the Russian oligarch who was determined to get the classified composition data of the crystals. This man I recommend is not front line, but is one of the best fixers in the business – nothing gets past him. He has been eternally grateful to Xiang for supporting the case for inclusion of the USAr into the big five. His name is Sadat, you’ll receive a call from him; he is here but it’s better that he calls you, even if he is in the building.”
“Thank you Karl, I’m indebted to you.” As he left, both Koppelt and Carvalho knew they would never meet again despite the medical advances in recent years. It was however not a sad goodbye.
********
Sevicek had not been asked to justify his request to stay longer on Mars. This did not trouble him but it was unusual. He was disappointed however, that certain avenues in the discussions had to be suspended until the team returned from Earth. They had not been acquainted with the repercussions of Nielsen’s analysis, and Finn had been asked not to discuss the matter. The group continued to probe Jet about the mysterious missing black cube required to complete the production of the vessel at Echus Chasma. They believed he was not holding out on them, so the ideas moved on to how the damage might be avoided if ever it was tried in future. This was awkward for Red. Dan was still in ‘we do not lead’ mode, but Red knew what Dan did not – they were beginning to inadvertently stray on to the territory of Nielsen’s discovery. He decided it was legitimate think-tank methodology. Yamamoto was the catalyst and fastened on to Jet’s assertion that the ‘Master of Fate’ who had championed the design had ignored advice from his alleged replicant, his Consul – who was apparently never seen again. “If this Consul was a true representative of the Continuance and advised against a development he had helped foster, there must have been a branch of possibilities somewhere.”
“I don’t follow your reasoning,” said Jet.
“I do,” enthused Sevicek, “if the entire research was to lead to a ‘no go’ conclusion the Consul would not have endorsed it in the first place.”
“Thank you Karel,” said Yamamoto with a broad grin, “there had to be an alternative route to a less controversial design. Is that a reasonable assumption Dan?”
Dan nodded his head slowly. “It is reasonable if the events actually happened the way we believe they did; that is also an assumption.” Yamamoto would not let go. “I think we should forget the black cube and go right back to detecting and characterising wormhole phenomena. The progress on a suitably advanced interferometer is impacted by the low priority it has been allocated. Let’s get Nielsen in here.”
“Wait,” said Jet, “we have lots of evidence of failed and aborted attempts to locate other, potentially more controllable portals. I believe you will repeat this frustrating experience with this interference apparatus. We concluded that the creation and collapse of a wormhole entry will always be accompanied by destructive energy.”
Nielsen came anyway and indirectly backed Jet’s view, relating the results of the LISA (Laser Interferometer Space Antenna) mission in the earlier part of the century. “Even with three vessels separated by five million kilometres, triangulating data on gravitational waves, the results were inconclusive.”
Red wanted to keep the positive momentum of the discussion going and felt he had to be honest. “I would like to support moving the discussion away from actual wormhole detection. I want to be sure you understand and accept what I am about to say. A discovery has been made which will be useful in guiding you to more fruitful areas of cosmology. We can only discuss this with the agreement of those of our colony who are at present on Earth. They would be talking about this now if they had not committed to that trip. It was only a question of timing and proper security. In view of the way the discussion has developed I will transmit a coded request to Alex 2 for agreement to update you and thus refresh the agenda. You must respect the need for discretion on this. Do I have that?” Nielsen squirmed but followed the others in affirming the consensus.

 
Chapter 5

When Ayrton de Santos ushered Carvalho to the Technical Centre he appeared a little uneasy. The contents of the dossier explained why. All those years ago when Mike (the replicant of Michael J Park, Beijing geologist) had retrieved all accessible red crystal from selected Earth sites he had asked Xiang for a detector. He had suggested that there must be a way to detect antimony deposits with a device rather than laboriously collect samples and then analyse them. This had not been approved for obvious reasons. This dossier however, described the one which had been recently developed.
“Ayrton, I must ask who authorised this?” Sheepishly, the Brazilian shrugged his shoulders. “I was given the blueprint with the Council seal and asked to execute the prototype. I don’t know who actually raised the blueprint.”
Carvalho’s mind raced. “This will, if it goes ahead, compromise the current security of Scarlet. I include Mars in that. Once this exists there will be temptation and bribery to contend with. I’m dismayed, and I would expect you to be.”
“Indeed I am, Commander. The blueprint already existed, so they could have got many people to fabricate it. I felt it was better that it remained in Beijing for now.”
“But you told me that it will be openly discussed tomorrow.” De Santos drew a deep breath. “Yes. I have been informed through an unofficial channel that you will be faced with the choice of agreeing to trade crystal or by default be party to the decision to employ this instrument on Earth.”
Carvalho was not totally surprised by this kind of tactic. Dealing with it would be a different proposition. He was now more concerned than ever about the backlash on Mars. At least he could still rely on Ayrton de Santos when he was back there. He now had the unenviable task of briefing Alex 2 and Fav on yet another layer of human duplicity.
********
In the midst of the briefing he took the call from Sadat. This man prudently saved him from having to explain the request, Koppelt had advised that. He indicated that he was already aware of splintered actions in recent months and was unofficially on the case. All he wanted to know now was how to keep Carvalho up to speed in a secure manner. Carvalho said he would check this out with De Santos. If he was willing, there would be a legitimate need for dialogue between the Brazilian and Mars, the political updates could be buried in technical minutiae. Sadat agreed and would wait for the contact from De Santos.
Returning to the briefing on the ‘Scarlet-detector’, there were very different reactions. Alex 2 was predictably dismayed and counted this as another entry in the column of an unpromising species. “I cannot envisage my return to this planet; the Continuance needs to concentrate on Martian issues.”
Fav was new to the ‘Medusa’ nature of human politics. He therefore looked at this purely as a problem to be solved. “I have heard that any remaining crystal on Earth would probably be difficult to access, is that correct?” When this was confirmed he asked, “Is your main concern that which remains on Mars?”
“Yes,” said Carvalho, “and the possible corruption of humans on Mars to look for it.”
Fav continued, “Why don’t we put it in orbit? The Axis and Symbiants can do this without any human other than you having knowledge of it. We can construct a small craft at Echus Chasma as part of propulsion research and use it as a delivery vehicle before returning to base.”
Carvalho and Alex 2 looked at each other and nodded. They knew it was still possible to find small quantities on Earth but the new detector was only capable of giving a clue via antimony presence. Such a search would take a lot of effort and money. This would give breathing space prior to the anticipated demand for the Martian source. By this point it would be claimed that it had been consumed, and there would be no problem in openly accepting an inspection committee to verify this.
The transmission from Red had come through and he made the point that if Fav had readily acknowledged the Axis possession of the new material identified by Nielsen, then it was likely to be common knowledge in their ranks. If this was so, it would be unfair to hold back the discussion on Mars with the others; they should be encouraged to go ahead, albeit with appropriate security arrangements. After all they were scheduled to discuss it upon the return of the trio currently on Earth. He was given the green light.
********
There were three hospitals on Mars; one at each of the main ‘urban’ areas of Valles Marineris, Utopia Planitia and Echus Chasma. They were virtually exclusively used by humans but the staff included Symbiants and Axis personnel. The Axis ‘patients’ did have wards but they resembled auto repair shops more than medical facilities. They were for minor problems, with the main care centre remaining at the sphere unit in Echus Chasma.
Although Pascal 2 was nominally the overall director of medical practice, the hospitals operated under the management structure headed by Stella Aragones. When Carvalho returned one of his first scheduled duties was to officially open the newest facility in Echus Chasma. The hospitals had a different emphasis on disciplines in which they specialised. This one housed the most controversial one of artificial organ transplant and synthesis. It had been chosen because of its proximity to the sphere centre and the expertise of the Axis robotics and micro-engineering skills, including nanotechnology.
Carvalho was sensitive to the increase in acceptance of synthetic organs, especially in assisting difficult brain surgery of the biological one while the function was maintained by the manufactured one. The sensitivity was there because the Martian capability far outstripped that on Earth. Requests were sometimes made for treatment of Earth dignitaries and yet the science was transferable but not taken up. This was a worrisome trend.
Dr. Aragones was thirty-five and had volunteered for Mars migration because she could not obtain a satisfactory separation from her husband. When she had interned in Madrid she had stood out academically as well as being swept off her feet by the leading neurosurgeon in Spain. Although there was eighteen years between them they married after a short engagement. The relationship blossomed then began to drift. Carlos travelled and lectured around Europe, while Stella remained in Madrid. It soon became evident that despite earlier declarations, he did not want children, he was happy with a trophy wife. After two years the physical side of the marriage had all but petered out. He maintained that he was always too tired or too tense after operational procedures. He then complained that she was too demanding. When he returned one day from Geneva she asked him if he minded her going out with a friend, for dinner and a show. He had no problem even though she was honest, and said it was with a man. This became a common occurrence, and she asked if he no longer cared, or did he have another woman? He didn’t have any interest in other women and he cared deeply for her. He blamed the conflicting demands of his career and his wife for his declining interest in sex. The casual relationship she enjoyed became physical, and for a while things were better, especially when Carlos genuinely expressed happiness that she could keep the marriage stable by having affairs. She felt she had the best of both worlds and the affairs almost reached double figures when a problem emerged. She had been offered a top job in Lisbon and he didn’t want her to accept it. When she recalled what she had done for his career this broke the trust. He would not accept a divorce with attendant publicity. They agreed a financial split and a rather belated post-nuptial agreement, which was then backdated. She had always been adventurous and decided to apply for the senior Martian post knowing that Carlos would never come after her. She was happy and independent again. She was well respected on Mars and thrived on the responsibility.
********
When the meeting started Carvalho recognised most of the Council members but none of the big five government representatives. Logan did the obligatory welcoming stuff and made everyone aware of the prioritisation of the item on trading red crystal. The Chinese government delegate assumed centre-stage and commenced with a diatribe of wholesome reasons for the benefit of humans, which in reality disguised intentions to exploit Symbiants. Carvalho cut in, “I would first like to hear why this has so suddenly become urgent when it has always been shunned, and indeed outlawed.”
There was a brief hiatus while a small group of delegates conferred. The Chinese spokesman started again. “We have now had two decades of observation and increasing trust in the altruistic nature of the Symbiants. We want....”
“Why then have you not asked for any to come from Mars and cooperate with you on important projects?”
The South African Council member, Andre de Visser echoed this sentiment. The Russian government delegate followed this up by voicing concern over private abuse of the crystals by the super-rich – they had not forgotten the embarrassment they narrowly avoided over oligarch involvement. After quite some discussion it seemed to indicate that China, USA and three Council members were the drivers of the proposal.
Alex 2 rose to his feet and gained attention and silence. “Ladies and Gentlemen, you may have overlooked one small point. This ‘trade’ you are requesting is indirectly one of offering infrastructure for ‘people’. Is that ethical? I am so concerned by such a precedent that I can state I will not be returning to your planet after this meeting and I will do everything in my power to prevent such a covert advance to ‘slavery’. This decision, in all honesty, has been brewing for some time. This current proposal is one more serious indictment of Earth society’s lack of promise. You will note that I did not say human, as the humans on Mars do not suffer from these multiple personality disorders.”
Carvalho effectively finished the meeting by asking what the Council and the government delegates expected their new friends (pointing to Fav) to make of all this. The parting shot was delivered as though he was amazed that nobody had bothered to ask if there was any crystal left on Mars. “We’ve consumed all but a few reference samples on the various forestation and dome projects.” The lie was intended to flush out any challenge to this. The bluff continued. “You may send an audit team to check this for yourselves, but the answer would still be negative if we had tons of it. If and when you definitely decide to pursue this strategy – and I have studied the detector you asked De Santos to outline for me – you need to think of how any success you may have on Earth will create temptation on both planets. Temptation can flourish because of perceived opportunity; it doesn’t have to exist. Please think hard on this.” The meeting purpose was completely shredded and the participants quietly prepared to disperse.
One last thing the trio wanted to achieve was a genuine registration of the intent for the Axis to put a geothermal orbiter in place. Carvalho asked for order and gave the floor to Fav. “Thank you. I had hoped this would be a project in which we would leverage mutual benefit. Our ability to determine sub-surface deposits and potential problem areas was in existence on our first colonisation of Mars. It was essential in our choice of underground locations. Re-establishing the facility will help mining and related searches. I do hope that the results from the devices will attract interest from Earth. We would be happy to share this technology and assist in any way.”
Carvalho congratulated Fav on a brilliant double bluff to justify putting the crystal in orbit. Alex 2 said it had given him a temporary pain in the registry.

 
Chapter 6

Red disclosed Nielsen’s analysis to the group. Jet, as expected, gave the same explanation as Fav had done. Dan grasped the significance. Yamamoto and Sevicek wondered what all the fuss was about. Red resumed, addressing Jet, “Does the oxy-chloride occur naturally on Nexus?”
“Yes, the oxy-chloride does, sorry, did exist, Nexus may be gone. I don’t know of other halogens.”
Red probed further. “Fav said it was a tri-chloride. Was the separated element stable or did you have to find a way of doing that?”
Jet said that he had no knowledge of any need for stabilisation and suggested Fav had erred - he was sure it was oxy-chloride but he would check this in the archive. Nielsen was next. “I think you are correct, my tests showed only two chlorine atoms, not three. However, I’m still puzzled. We’ve known for some time that there is a decay process of certain elements above atomic number 110, to Seaborgium 106. Even though this is a more stable trans-uranium element, it still decays in minutes. Red has reminded us that although we have no such naturally occurring isotopes, stable or otherwise, your binary system may have produced them during its creation. There has been fascination on Earth about element 115 and its potential access to gravity A waves, but it has to be created synthetically. The same is true for Element 118, which decays in rapid steps to Element 106 – Seaborgium. It has been further theorised that stable versions of some of these elements are possible via ‘islands of stability’. Do you know whether this is a feasible explanation for this discovery?”
Jet seemed to be trawling his memory for an age. “I cannot think of any particular research on this. We just accepted it was there, like iron is on your planet, and we exploited its property in electronics. Islands of stability is new to me.”
Nielsen prevented Sevicek from interrupting. “We have synthesised element 118 on Earth by bombarding Lead 208 with Krypton 86 in a particle accelerator. The first point in the decay chain with an extended half-life is element 106. The observation suggests that there may be some way to synthesise it to achieve the predicted islands of stability.”
He was looking at Jet and Sevicek said humbly, “Could the conditions of formation of the oxy-chloride not offer this stability and access to Gravity A waves?” At last Red said, “What an intriguing idea.”
Nielsen stuttered, “You mean that this compound, having achieved stability may itself be persuaded to demonstrate controlled periods of instability by subtle encouragement?”
“Something like that,” said Sevicek.
********
When the distillate of this reached Alex 2 from Red it created a new urgency. He reminded Carvalho of his mention of Evander de la Cruz. “The content of the recovered lead boxes and the ‘stumbling’ discussion around islands of stability has conspired to make it prudent to meet this young man. You are the expert on double-dealing and decoy tactics. We need to speak to him without any presence of Earth-based humans. What do you suggest?”
“Mmm, I need to speak to a countryman of his before we leave, maybe he can help, I’m sure we can trust him.”
Alex 2 shook his head. “No we can’t. I am talking about developments so significant that we have to keep the subject matter from all humans here and on Mars, except the think-tank members, until we have proved or disproved the theory. If you are worried about the temptation that Scarlet O’Hara will create, then multiply that by a suitably ludicrous number, if this knowledge enters the public domain. If we can’t speak to him in a secure way I would rather leave it for now.”
Carvalho was hooked. “How about I go back to see Logan and suggest that in order to avoid further dichotomy, we try to foster better relations, by offering prize tours to Mars for their most deserving young people. Earth can select them on their criteria and we would give them the red carpet tour. I can tell Logan he’s the first to know but if this does not meet with favour from the rest, I’ll suggest it to the media. I will keep emphasising the need for harmony in the hope that these narcissists believe that this is Mars realising their humble place in the greater scheme of things.”
Alex 2 asked to be excused for a registry clean-up. “I was sure I could count on you. Would that suggest that I am correct in assuming that my appreciation of the art of speculation has just been up-valued?”
Logan wasn’t entirely comfortable with the suggestion, and less so with being the messenger. He saw it as a no-win situation. If the Council agreed, they were signing up for the long term, and whatever came with Mars winning the hearts and minds of their best young talent. If they didn’t act it would be distorted through the media to bring pressure on the Council to explain the lack of investment in the youth of the planet. Two sides of the same argument, he thought. He also concluded that this was simply Carvalho’s crude way of tit-for-tat with the Scarlet issue.
The media interest was always intense with Martian news and this was no exception. Carvalho had taken the precaution of transmitting the suggestion simultaneously to the broadcasters and the Council, to give the latter deniability of the first approach. It did nothing to further Logan’s image in the eyes of the Council Executive. The idea caught fire and the Council now had to decide whether to allow Martians to organise the selection or feign enthusiasm to retain that function. They didn’t really have a choice; they would retain the selection control. It was better this way for Mars; they just had to wait long enough to see if Evander was chosen.
Ayrton de Santos agreed to act as the transmission point between Carvalho and Sadat. It was time for the trio to return to Mars.
********
One of the Indian government front line dignitaries was going through admission procedures at Echus Chasma General. He had been scheduled for some time for correction of brain cancer. It was declared inoperable by Earth medics and this prognosis had been endorsed by Pascal 2 and Dr. Aragones. However, so much had been learned from Axis databases, the pioneering work of Sophia Scillacci, and Isaakson on Earth, that it was referred to the Indian ethics committee. It would mean that he would become the first Terran resident to become totally and perennially dependent on a completely synthetic brain employing alien technology.
The decision to proceed had been debated to the point that his time was almost up. He decided to resign and used influence to get migrant approval for his family. The implications of the outcome were manifold. This procedure had been successfully conducted on three Mars based humans by Pascal 2, and without attracting much attention on Earth. This was different. Singh’s condition was much worse than the others, and the media were all over it. Carvalho had accepted Mr. Singh’s request on the condition it was performed by the newly-arrived Dr. Aragones, with Pascal 2 in attendance.
Mr. Singh had been introduced to Stella Aragones by Pascal 2 and she explained the various phases of dual connection of the two brains, the extent of this parallel phase for transfer of data, and the eventual disconnection of the malignant one. He would be conscious at this stage and consulted about this last step to ensure he was comfortable with the irreversible decision. If his organic brain had been in normal health, there could have been a possibility of bypassing it without disconnection, before deciding to rely on the ‘implant’. He acknowledged the risk and agreed to proceed. Stella had issued strict instructions that no Martian or Earth media personnel were to be admitted to the hospital, and agreed that there would be a daily update on the progression of the patient’s condition.
********
Just prior to leaving Earth Carvalho had been asked when he thought the first selected candidates could be accommodated. “We see this as your opportunity; we’re already considering rolling this out for Martian youth. As you may appreciate we do not yet have the same demographic balance as Earth, but we believe it would also have a broadening aspect for the youth of both planets to share perspective. I suppose we are ready when you are. In fact I have asked our TV people to contact you in the media here to collaborate on the issue. We think this should be a blank canvas.” This was well received.
********
The discussion group on Mars grappled with the new information for days without further progress. They had accepted that the Axis had nothing further to divulge; their understanding of fundamental physics was nowhere near their flair for practical engineering. Earth physicists were, according to the Symbiants, more creative in this discipline and did not have so much catching up to do. Full realisation of this helped carve out a different approach. Once more it was Yamamoto who postulated looking at the puzzle the other way around. “If we agree, that not only does this Seaborgium exist in stable form, but it interests the Symbiants like nothing else has for years, we must be close. Forget for the moment how we tease Gravity A waves out. Assume we have them – how do we sustain sufficient amplification to create the discrete spatial distortion we are led to believe is necessary to avoid devastation?”
Nielsen’s face brightened but nothing was offered immediately. Then it came. “What if we thought about one action achieving both aims?”
“Go on,” said Sevicek.
“I’m just saying – it’s possible that two separate steps are counter-productive.”
“Great,” laughed Yamamoto, “that’s like saying we need a magic wand without having a clue where to look.”
Nielsen protested. “Just be quiet for a moment. I’m wondering about replacing the bombarding idea with a field generator. It would be more controllable and could encourage asymmetric behaviour of the bonding between the three atomic configurations of Seaborgium, oxygen and chlorine.” Yamamoto was quick to notice the Symbiants were silent; that was a good sign. Nielsen resumed. “Jet, can you confirm your claim that the stuff we have in the lead shielding boxes is definitely Seaborgium Oxy-chloride?”
“Yes, I checked it again yesterday.”
“So you agree we have one atom of Seaborgium, two of Oxygen and two of Chlorine?”
“Yes.”
Nielsen’s voice was a little shaky. “I seem to recall that this was the first trans-uranium element to be named after a person. I’ll check later but I’m pretty sure its discoverer was Glenn T. Seaborg. He felt it was a greater honour than actually receiving the Nobel Prize.”
“Jesus Christ Ari, we are rigid with anticipation; are you going somewhere with this chemistry lesson?” asked Sevicek.
“Oh yes, I’m positive that the existence of this compound was predicted decades ago. Anyway, as we now have the proof, I would like to check my theory out with a prominent expert in the most fundamental laws of physics. I can see that if we could produce this asymmetry in a ‘gentle’ way rather than with cyclotronic savagery, we will have oscillations that may infrequently, infinitesimally and very, very briefly stray outside the atomic perimeter of the Seaborgium. It may be that the molecule Sg-O2-Cl2 is actually the solution and not the puzzle. Of course the odds are more in favour of me being sectioned prior to long term therapy.” The discussion was pretty muted after this crescendo of expectation. Yamamoto looked at Red and merely asked, “Well?”
Red returned the question. “What kind of precision would you need for such a field generator?” Yamamoto was jubilant. “That’s good enough for me guys. Let’s get some sleep.”

 
Chapter 7

The Council began to consult all nations on how to best organise the scheme Carvalho had dropped in their lap. They gave loose guidelines on age limits and recommended all disciplines should be included as long as the achievement was outstanding. It wasn’t to be a competition, but an ongoing opportunity for young students to further their experience. It was suggested that it may become an integral part of bringing talent to the fore in the education policy. This of course went far beyond Carvalho’s suggestion and he wondered if he had created a millstone around his own neck. The media loved it, as it had the potential for sensationalism, corruption, massive public interest and envy all rolled into one. A deadline for the first batch of twenty-five was set.

********
Varanda Singh was ready to undergo phase one. The connection of the artificial brain was a long and critically precise operation. His family was able to observe this part of the procedure from a remote viewing screen. His wife could not summon the nerve to do so, but his two daughters were curious. They took turns to keep their mother up to date. Pascal 2 had decided to accept Dr. Aragones’ invitation to attend in view of the publicity the event would generate. He agreed to be the media focal point to give bulletins, allowing Stella to concentrate on the task without distraction. Although everyone knew Mr. Singh would die without this last hope, the ethical brigade would be baying for a re-think if anything went wrong. The questions would include the wisdom of challenging God’s design by incorporation of alien components, even if they were inorganic materials, which were spread throughout the cosmos.
After fourteen hours the point had arrived at which they could compare the readouts which signified the new device was functioning correctly. Mr. Singh would be stimulated to be brought out of his anaesthetised state. The tension and fatigue were diffused when he smiled, and he was encouraged to wave at the camera to let his family see this surgery had been completed successfully.
********
During the return from Earth Alex 2 was able to bring the other two up to date with the think-tank theories. Carvalho looked confused. “I’m not sure what reaction you expect from me, but I can’t see precisely where this takes us. I mean from a practical point of view.”
Alex 2 looked at Fav. There was no spark there either. “I believe the outcome of these ideas will depend upon exposing them to your best physicists. They are unfortunately on Earth. Nielsen has made some excellent proposals but they have to be complemented with expertise or demonstrable creativity in quantum mechanics. A leap of faith is not enough. The problem of exposing this to Earth politics right now would, in my view, be inadvisable to court. I return to young Mr. de la Cruz. I am convinced he is not inhibited or deterred by the opinions of so-called respected authorities. He also does not represent a risk if we can get him to contribute to our team without a chaperone. Speculation is still a troublesome activity for me, but in this case I am betting on him. If I am correct we would avail of the Axis precision of implementation without alerting any political interests. Let us hope he is selected to come here.”
Carvalho was deep in thought. He asked Fav if he could independently mastermind getting the remaining Scarlet O’Hara into orbit. He gave him the location coordinates for the stash. He turned to Alex 2. “I don’t want any hint of Evander de la Cruz coming here being seen as our intent; there would be the obvious mud-slinging and we may put him and his family in danger. Surely we can continue to throw ideas around until the Continuance can ‘assist our promise’?”
“Yes, we could do that and I can refer our team to some of the concepts Evander has postulated. It may help.”
********
Fav’s instruction to Jet meant the discussion team was missing Axis input. He had to make haste in fabricating a carrier craft for the crystal before retrieving it. The cargo discharged into orbit from this vessel needed to double up with the geothermal probe discussed on Terra.
He decided that it would be best to employ two. One would be the genuine article, the other a shell of identical appearance but containing only crystal. The delivery craft would therefore need a more complex design than Fav had envisaged.
Mr. Singh was doing well and was able to tell his family that he had less discomfort than he had known for many months. He was once more talked through the next steps and he indicated he was ready. His wife and daughters could not hide their anxiety but he re-assured them by stating the obvious – there simply was no choice. His enthusiastic demeanour prevailed as they left the theatre. His disfigured brain was disconnected; it was the point of no return.
********
Sadat’s digging had more or less confirmed Carvalho’s preliminary judgement that a Chinese/USA initiative was powering the interest in crystal. He did not attach much significance to the individual Council members’ voting reasons. The trade between the big five had thrown up a trend of increasing dominance of oil supply in the mix. Resource and population numbers clearly illustrated that Russia, India and USAr had leverage - too much, especially for China’s liking. The new Axis type Nuclear Power units provided some mitigation of oil dependency, but across the five it compounded the trend. There was also the social acceptability of nuclear processing; it was contested more vigorously in China and USA. The projected needs for oil gave no comfort to the two in highest trade deficit. It was presented as a confidence builder – if the Symbiants declared these power stations clean and safe, they could illustrate this by building and running them. The underlying reason however, according to Sadat’s ferrets, was the increasing mistrust of Martian philosophy. If Earth had as many or more Symbiants, it would be a deterrent and reminder of the purpose of the Mars charter. That purpose, as perceived by Terran powerbrokers, to further the space programme as set out in 2033, was in assisting the correction of planet Earth’s ailments. It was a subordinate role and the charter was to improve local Martian decision making – not for the tail to wag the dog.
Sadat passed this general picture through Ayrton de Santos as agreed. The message ended curiously with well-wishes for Varanda Singh. Carvalho was not quite sure what to read into this.
********
The musings of Evander de la Cruz did inject new strands to the think-tank. He had expressed the view that mini-distortions of space could be achieved if the medium itself was considered as discrete packets rather than continuous. The trigger would have to reflect such a pulsed requirement, matched to its target volume of influence. Not more, not less, but exactly equal. He further believed that moving from one packet to the next would demand velocity to be slow enough to enable differentiation of the phases - volume 1 and volume 2..... to volume ‘n’. The synchronisation of all parameters (packet volume, trigger pulse, velocity, and finally field switching) would probably be beyond current human capability. This, he suggested should be seen as a challenge, not a disqualification of the theory.
This ignited a barrage of questions. Nielsen deflected them. “He goes on to conceive an object producing a controlled distortion, and the extrapolation of the vector directly ahead as a ‘series of rooms’. The first room collapses toward the object which then confronts the second room. The velocity of the object is critical but requires low thrust if the target volume is modest. The distortion collapses behind the object to complete the individual packet cycle. The time taken for this atomic space plough to reach a destination will depend upon the size of the packet and the acceleration curve produced by the stretching of subsequent packets to maintain the cycle. We are dealing in cycles of milliseconds, so it is quick. He claims the energy required to open and close these packets will not be at a level which would cause significant local disturbance. It does not demand brute propulsion capability as it is the space which contorts to the atomic music. Although it is a sub-light speed process it will closely approach this barrier in potential. He laments that human synchronisation deficiencies are not the ultimate disqualifiers. The lack of stable Gravity A wave generating elements or compounds, he says, does not seem to be within our grasp at present.”
The questions had been supplanted by silence. Red was first to fill the vacuum. “This is quite a crude theoretical claim, but there is the kernel of direction to be admired. The only aspect which I would say he is categorically wrong about is the non-availability of Gravity A waves.”
Yamamoto asked why Earth cosmologists had not taken the idea forward. Red said that they were currently engaged in trying to extract proof or otherwise from his calculations. “We have only seen his words so far, not his numbers. They would be helpful.” They had something they could get their teeth into again.
Stella Aragones welcomed Mr. Singh back into consciousness. The family was ecstatic and although he was groggy he smiled and waved to the camera which he ‘remembered’ without thinking about it. The next big test was the extent to which he had successful transfer of longer term memory. Apart from slower speech he appeared normal. He was asked if he wanted to briefly see the family and he failed to hold back the tears. Their fears were replaced by joy when they heard him say their names and birthdays. The savaging by the ethics society would have to wait until he was recovered sufficiently to appear on Mars TV.

 
Chapter 8

Carvalho, Alex 2 and Fav had returned to a buoyant think-tank. The Commander pleaded for them to keep the bottle corked another couple of days so he could carry out the official opening of Echus Chasma General and its new neurosciences wing. He had never met Stella Aragones; Pascal 2 had done the interviews and Carvalho had been engaged in other projects as well as being the best customer for the Earth-Mars shuttle.
The hospital was the latest one to become operational and was heavily influenced in design by the Axis medical staff, because of its proximity to the most densely populated area by their species. The humans liked it, ironically because it did not look like a hospital. The neurosciences wing was positioned almost as an adjunct to the Echus sphere assembly complex. Carvalho was introduced to the staff by Pascal 2. During the tour most of his questions were answered by Dr. Aragones, and he was impressed by the lack of statistics and blah-blah. He got a real feeling of dedication without the box-ticking flavour.
“Excuse me for asking if the question is premature, but can you say anything yet about Varanda Singh?”
She replied, “You can ask him yourself, we will pass by his ward soon.” She offered no detail. When they did arrive the family motioned to leave. “No, no please sit, this is a flying visit.” The patient looked at Carvalho and greeted him with a reassuring account of the last meeting they had attended in Beijing. “My family and I will be forever grateful for the care and courtesy we have been shown Commander. I know how much media focus there will be on this milestone of human transplant surgery, but your people here made us feel as though I was here to have my tonsils out. I don’t want to embarrass Dr. Aragones but you have to be so proud of her, and when I am up to facing the media hounds I will be telling them so.”
Carvalho promised to keep the media at bay to give him and the family a proper recuperation period as prescribed by Dr. Aragones. The tour concluded and a short speech from the Commander was the prelude to cutting the official ribbon and subsequent declaration of purpose. He asked Stella Aragones to keep him personally up to date with any difficulty she may have with media persistence, and when she felt it would be appropriate for him to meet with Singh again. He congratulated the entire staff – Human, Axis and Symbiant for their efforts in making this a flagship facility.
As he was returning to Marineris Central with Pascal 2 he found his attention to the Symbiant’s dialogue wandered. The more worrying symptom involved waves of ‘butterflies’ – churning through his stomach. Stella Aragones had impressed in more ways than professional acumen.
Carvalho’s concentration returned when Alex 2, Dan and Red informed him that the think-tank was skirting around a significant breakthrough in theoretical terms. Alex 2’s pronouncement that there was some risk of this leaking out did stick in the Commander’s mind. “I’ll have to ask them to pledge confidentiality if you think we are that close. I don’t like doing this as it makes us look as bad as the ones we criticise, but I fear they have raised the stakes to the point where we have no choice.”
Alex 2 nodded. “And although we are close, it is not close enough without Evander. It is one thing to see the concept; it is entirely different to be able to take it forward in both theoretical and practical terms. That time interval concerns me – if the think-tank fails to make another leap it may cause frustration and discussion outside the group.”
Red intervened. “I believe we have a little more time than we think. If we concentrate on a practical aspect which has not yet come up, but has to be solved, it should delay unease with the overall puzzle. I am referring to the discovery of Seaborgium Oxy-chloride. It is of course radioactive. We have to design a module which provides access yet containment in a way which functions safely. Also, nobody has raised the probability of hard objects in the trajectory between origin and destination. The entire concept would be judged obsolete if the projectile we create hits orbiting bodies or debris with no means of avoiding them. This is not a ship steering past a problem; it is space and all its content rushing toward it. It is a fundamental problem which must be examined at this juncture before getting too excited.”
There was no disagreement. Carvalho asked Red to set it up accordingly. He was adamant that he would not enquire into the scheme which may or may not involve Evander at this time.
********
China and the USA had increased the pressure to test out the antimony detector in view of the Martian declaration that only tiny samples remained of the mother lode. They did suggest taking up the barbed invitation to conduct an audit, espousing the need for the public to be sure that the current phase of replication was at an end – it was a convenient duty.
The Council provided the log of Xiang’s employment of the group of Symbiant’s cleaning up all known Earth deposits two decades ago. The American government spokesman seized upon this. “What happened to those extracted deposits?” After much paper-shuffling and pointing of fingers Logan announced that the only person Xiang would have confided in was Ayrton de Santos. A break was called until he was wheeled in. “They have been in the underground vaults since Mike brought them here.”
The Chinese and USA delegates conferred. Arnold Rodham proposed a motion to release some of this to implement the programme which had been approved to replace old redundant power plants with the new, clean Axis variety. Before the rest could respond De Santos held up his hand. “You can’t just requisition this material; you may not recall that Mr. Xiang had suggested and presided over a law being brought in to prevent the use and/or distribution of the crystal, until such time it was seen fit to repeal this legal protection. This is still in force and must be the subject of a legal review if your request remains active.”
Logan looked embarrassed but reluctantly waved the paper De Santos had furnished and promised each participant a copy. “I’m afraid Ayrton is correct, we have to receive a written request for the Council to examine the new criteria, and if it is convinced of the validity of further examination, the legal phase can be initiated.”
Rodham was exasperated. “Do you mean we are hamstrung by our own bureaucracy?” Logan wasn’t having a good day. “Mr. Rodham, you must remember we have these checks and balances for good reason. It may be frustrating but it is also responsible.”
Rodham would not quite let go. “So how does this affect any crystal we discover on Earth?”
“Exactly the same,” said Logan.
“Then I propose we start looking in locations as yet unchecked and deposit any finds with the rest until we have cleared any legal hurdle.” This carried the vote but it had not deflected De Santos’ concern; these finds could be any quantity and different to what was subsequently deposited. There was scope for deception. He would need to alert Carvalho.
********
The Axis project for placing geothermal imaging gear in orbit was proceeding well. The plan had been slightly revised. The craft would now be unmanned and remain in orbit after releasing the cargo. This change was drafted in after Carvalho had the De Santos alert regarding the more aggressive approach from the Chinese/American ‘alliance’ and the confirmation of an audit. A second craft would be held in reserve in the event of the auditors requesting first hand observation of the data collection originally offered by Fav. The first craft would shepherd the crystal and the second used for close inspection of the genuine monitoring equipment. The change would continue to restrict Jet’s involvement in the think-tank.
The call was not expected so soon. “Commander, it’s Stella Aragones. I sensed that your implied desire to speak to Mr. Singh again was on a professional basis as well as his medical progress.” There was a silence. “If that is the case I would advise about ten days more recuperation. Of course if it’s purely concern about his handling of the media I won’t allow that for at least a month.”
“I see. Well, can I just visit him and check with you, to assess whether you will be advocating more such procedures, or even some with more radical techniques? I know that this milestone is not new for the Axis, but it’s a very significant potential advance in social acceptance of ‘tinkering’ with human longevity. Unfortunately I have to deal with this aspect and I’ve always found that being prepared is critical. I want to support your work in the best way I can.”
She was caught a little off-guard. “Ah, in that case you can visit – let me see, yes, I can make some space the day after tomorrow.”
“Excellent, just tell me the most convenient time and I’ll be there.”
********
The first cut at giving the media a date for the initial group of youngsters setting off for Mars was ambitious and directly proportional to the clamour to get it off the ground. It was to be only five weeks away. The assessment criteria had been designed to cover as many branches of education as possible. Arts, social studies, engineering, science, sport, philosophy, medicine and ecology were prominent. The candidates were, as expected, being whittled down by a committee with a spread in geographical origin, culture and field of expertise. It was a weekly event – finding out who had been excluded, it was good TV. Evander had made the first two cuts and the commentators rated him a certainty.
The decision to challenge the statute which Xiang had worked so tirelessly for was now public knowledge. Just as a shark can smell blood from miles away, the crystal saga had already flared the nostrils of some very effective predators.
********
Fav and Jet were inspecting the new craft when they were approached by ‘Doc’. He was one of the totally artificial individuals created to increase the Axis contribution as the Mars population had expanded. He had been given the remit of studying and recommending ways to reverse engineer the now sterile reproductive system. This had been suggested because of the new relationship with the Symbiants, and Pascal 2 had endorsed this enthusiastically. Doc ventured a suggestion. “I have studied the historical data very thoroughly and I would like to make a proposal.” Fav gave Doc encouragement to continue.
“In the old text there are many references to something which I believe is important. The modifications we have made to our voice apparatus to enable human sounds is admirable but has had an effect which has not been noticed. Our colour display of feelings prior to spoken language is under threat. Because we have the engagement of the processing unit instantaneously the colour display becomes redundant when we converse with humans and Symbiants. My research has indicated that one of the primary reasons for the evolution of the colour communication was for attracting potential reciprocation partners. It had a sexual driver. I realise this appears to be an insignificant issue, but if we are able to reconstruct the genetic code from whatever source, the reproductive elements will have this built into it. We give ourselves an additional problem if it disappears.”
Fav waited, and thinking he had concluded his report asked, “What is your proposal?”
The reply was immediate. “As most of our technical, leisure, and exploration conversation is with human language, I am proposing to make a wristband with which humans and Symbiants can engage in colour display. The speech will remain unaltered. I would make it simple to use, only four general colours – yellow, green, violet and black, all operated by buttons. They do not have to use it; it would be very helpful if they did on occasions.” Fav and Jet flashed yellow-orange bands and Doc trundled off. Fav would introduce the idea to Carvalho.

 
Chapter 9

When Carvalho arrived Stella Aragones was just finishing her rounds. “Commander, you’re punctual. Please let us visit Mr. Singh first; I have left his check-up until you came.” He smiled and followed her. The unbuttoned white coat did not prevent him from appreciating her languid stride and the weird aroma of a ‘clinical perfume’. She was tall, on the slender side, and her speech was accompanied or corroborated by almost ballerina-like hand movements. It reminded him of his youth in Portugal when all the young women seemed to talk with their hands. “How is Varanda?”
“He’s progressing well. The anti-rejection fluids have to be reduced yet, but so far so good. He tires quickly at the moment if he has to cope with multiple conversations in the vicinity but that will self-tune in due course. We have to remember the years of trauma he has suffered.”
Carvalho greeted the patient and had a short chat with his family. When they retired to Stella’s office she seemed a little nervous. “I wasn’t sure what to read into this part of your visit. Do you expect problems from Earth?”
“I’ve come to understand that Mars is always news back there; just like the stock market and the weather, it is on every bulletin. Everything we do or don’t do is magnified for public consumption. In this case I’m anticipating the headlines being about our right to play God. It’s really the first major concession to ‘Synthumans’ as one religious group has labelled Mr. Singh. I have to admit I have questions about how far we will proceed in the path the Axis took. Having said that, I grew up thinking that hearts, lungs and the many other substitute functions we had developed were routine, and the ethical aspect did not arise. There were those who protested and it took several years for that to recede, but this is a bit more complex for some. Even if I disagree with them I feel bound to keep listening. I want humanity to be absolutely cognizant of the need to take progress in sensible steps. For example the reaction in some Earth citizens may be to follow Varanda and apply for Martian status. That demand would be best handled in digestible volumes. I’m more interested in what next?”
“Well, I suppose you have reviewed this with Pascal 2, so I assume he has mentioned that he is working with the Axis in trying to restore their reproductive system.” Carvalho nodded.
Stella continued, “I believe that we could benefit from similar studies. Sooner or later this will surface with a vengeance. The plight of the Axis is a very strong argument if they believe that the whole exodus from 55 Cancri has been unfulfilling because of inability to procreate. They knew they were infertile before they left, they just thought survival was more important. If we can learn from their current work, we may be able to diffuse some concerns the ethical lobby has.”
“Exactly what do you mean by ‘learn from’?”
“Help the Axis together with Pascal 2, so that if we can demonstrate success as reported through a species which has experienced this the hard way, it’s an equally strong argument to be considered.”
Carvalho beamed. “I’m relieved to hear we are on the same wavelength Doctor.” She was smart as well as attractive. He was intrigued by this woman.
There are sometimes moments when you will never forget where you were at the time. Carvalho was really enjoying Stella’s company when Alex 2 made contact. “Reuben de la Cruz has been on Earth TV, helping the police with information about his son. Evander has been kidnapped. There has been a ransom call demanding an exchange within one week. We have also received a transmission from Ayrton de Santos; it is marked for your eyes only and urgent attention.”
“I’m on my way,” said Carvalho. He apologised to Stella and said he hoped to be back when she was happy for him to speak with Singh on a professional basis.
********
The kidnap had caused the youth project to be put on temporary hold. Intelligence personnel and police had their ideas but little else. It was believed that the offer of Evander’s life in exchange for all of the Beijing red crystal was typical of organised crime rings. The detail which worried them was the accuracy of the quantity they knew existed. The call had threatened Evander’s termination if the quantity varied from that figure. It wasn’t easy to see how they knew this without inside information.
Logan was in a spin. De Santos was mystified. China and USA were asking for assurances that it was classified as terrorism and that ‘we don’t give in to such people’. Protection was hurriedly arranged for the other four who had been assigned guaranteed places in the target twenty-five.
********
When Carvalho got back to Marineris Central Alex 2 brought him up to date with Earth broadcasts and his concern deepened when the transmission from De Santos merely said he had no idea how the information could be so accurate, but a friend from the Middle East had a theory. He needed to speak to Sadat, and realised something that he had known for some time would catch Mars out one day. The shuttles had schedules dictated by Earth needs more than Mars and they were all back there. He had resisted building craft solely for Martian requirements. That would have to change. He contacted Fav and explained why he needed his help again. Having discussed the type required, the second craft for the geothermal orbit plan was modified to have inter-planet capability, but for three personnel only.
He would not avail of this for the trip, which he needed to make for contact with Sadat. The next shuttle to arrive on Mars was not scheduled to take off for eight days.
It was difficult to focus on the enthusiasm of Alex 2 and Pascal 2, and their respective progress on propulsion theory and restoration of reproductive capability. He didn’t seem to have much difficulty with his own enthusiasm for Stella’s proposal on helping with the latter. He rebuked himself for trying to justify this when it was obviously a serious physical and emotional attraction.
********
Logan felt that he was out of his depth. He was causing more panic than calm by his frenetic ‘order followed by counter-order’ personality. He had been on a downward spiral since day one of his short tenure. Things were about to get worse.
It seemed as if everyone on the planet had an idea on how to deal with the kidnappers. Reuben de la Cruz was unhappy that with only four days to the deadline there did not appear, in his opinion, to be a coherent plan. The alternative was that he had simply been bypassed. Ayrton de Santos had been asked to prepare the crystal for urgent shipment if all else failed. When he confronted Logan with this strange instruction he was amazed at the response. “Mr. Logan, I can get the crystal ready as requested, but even if we ignore the small matter of the legal aspect, when and to where is it likely to be shipped?”
“We don’t know.”
“I thought so. You are aware that it is to be kept in cold storage and secure containers.”
“Oh yes, is there a problem with that?”
De Santos replied with deliberation. “Well, if the kidnappers have made such a point about the accuracy of how much we have, and the consequences of a shortfall, how do you think they would check all of these containers – there are more than two hundred. How long do you think it would take at the rendezvous?”
“Oh, I see. Don’t worry we aren’t going to give it to them.”
“So how do you get them to hand over the boy?”
Logan shuffled. “We are not the experts on dealing with kidnappers who are likely to be part of an organised crime ring. I am therefore not privy to the mechanics; I just have to supply the decoy crystal.”
De Santos winced. “Decoy?”
“Yes. Look, the FBI is the most experienced in this field. It is felt that this crime ring is probably operating out of South America. First of all, the boy is Brazilian and the drug trade is rife in the continent. On top of that the bureau believes the only way they could know how much crystal we have is via a mole. They want the intended preparation and shipment to be verifiable by this insider, and that would apply even if we were going to deliver it. If the kidnappers were to suspect it was not going to be shipped it would pose further risk to the boy. How they will handle the actual exchange is a closely guarded secret. Now can you just get the damn stuff ready to go?” De Santos gestured affirmation.
He also felt Carvalho should know of this. When he got back to his office he had a visitor. Sadat apologised for appearing without an appointment. “Forgive the sudden urgency but I have no means of direct contact with Commander Carvalho to deliver some information. Now that I understand he will not be able to be here before this kidnap deadline I would like to speak with him.”
De Santos reminded him of time delay and said, “Speak means transmission. Am I allowed to know the subject matter?”
“That is your choice. You can transmit my message if you wish.”
The message content disappointed the Brazilian. It suggested immediate contact with Singh, and in particular to ask him about ‘Condor’.
********
When Art Legrange alerted Carvalho to the incoming personal message from a Mr. Sadat, he reacted quickly. Having read it he speculated that the open, direct communication may be about the kidnap. He explained the situation as best he could to Stella, recognising that Singh may not be ready, but Evander was running out of time. She astonished him. “I understand Commander. My first responsibility is to my patient, however you trusted me to perform this operation when you could have instructed Pascal 2. I therefore reciprocate this trust in your judgement that Singh’s stage of recovery is subjective, but the boy’s predicament is not. You may speak with my patient if you allow me to determine when he has to rest. Would that be acceptable?” It was acceptable.

 
Chapter 10

When Red had thrown the navigation hurdle to the group they moaned but did not challenge the imposed detour from the more interesting discussion. They knew this was not only valid but a prerequisite to the project; if this was not addressed now it was a ‘theory killer’.
They threw ideas around and none of them relieved the frustration. Yamamoto said, partly in jest, “I suppose we’ll have to go back to charting the high seas of the cosmos.” Red asked him to enlarge on this.
“I wasn’t entirely serious, but I suppose I was suggesting if all else failed we could try to take account of known criteria such as planets, the asteroid belt and comets. There are calculations to determine if they will be in our way when ‘they arrive at us’, so we choose our departure to a desired point on that basis. When it comes to unknown space we have to do what the ancient mariners did until their maps were reliable – take it in steps. We scan, we calculate, we move that part toward us. I suppose it would also give us an acceptable way of up-scaling the whole concept if and when we have one. It’s just a thought. Hey, I didn’t expect you to take it so seriously.” They did take it seriously enough to say they should continue to develop it further. Red and Dan agreed.
 The conversation with Singh caused a domino effect. The mention of the word Condor caused pupil dilation and an enquiry as to where he had heard it. Carvalho said it was a source he could not reveal but one who had recommended this meeting. “I’m acutely aware of Dr. Aragones’ concern about any conversation which may impact your recovery, so I would.....”
Singh waved his hand in what Carvalho thought was protest, and Stella was ready to call a halt to the session. Then he spoke quietly and calmly. “It will be a relief to get this off my chest but I must ask the doctor to allow the two of us to discuss this in private. Five minutes is all it will take.” Stella did not like this at all, but complied, with the caveat that it was not a second over five minutes.
“Commander, what I am about to say is known to a handful of individuals and I could therefore guess who directed you to me. The meetings of the ‘five’ have recently become fractious. The Chino-American position has become more and more arrogant, and demands on the others to comply with their reasoning are now at crisis level. You are aware of one attempt to obtain red crystal from Mars. The next in line is to seize that in Beijing’s keeping. This ultimate route, in the event of the others failing is utterly unacceptable, but could materialise if the kidnap situation I have followed on TV goes wrong. Without India, Russia and USAr knowing precisely why this is so important to them we are at a loss to explain their behaviour. If all other sources prove negative they have demanded agreement to recover substantial quantities from your domes, by force if necessary. The smoke screen is one which they have allowed and encouraged to justify their interest; it is Symbiant assistance in building infrastructure, but it is still a smokescreen. That is all I have. You would be well advised to get back there and glean more from your contact.”
Carvalho stared blankly and was still in ‘stasis’ when Stella returned. She was happy that no beeps had occurred and Singh was still calm. Carvalho thanked Mr. Singh and Stella, and then departed in considerable mental turmoil. During the journey back to Marineris Central he wrestled with the threat then gravitated to any influence he could have on the kidnap scenario. He couldn’t share the bombshell with anyone.
He contacted Fav to make sure there was no way he could perform a miracle with the new craft. “I am afraid not Commander. While we are speaking can I ask a favour?”
“Go ahead.”
He told Carvalho of Doc’s wristband request. This kind of request put everything into perspective for Carvalho. In one location there was common purpose, in the other there was an overlay of divisive politicking.
It was a long shot but he contacted De Santos. When he had been brought up to date with the Brazilian’s chat with Logan, it gave Carvalho the final push. “I was wondering if you still have the means to contact Pascal Dupree, the doctor from Copernicus, who took a post in Sudan?”
“I believe we may have; I can check.” The time delay was frustrating. “Ok, please try to get him to Beijing. He has some Scarlet. Ask him to bring it with him; it is a matter of life and death.”
“May I know what this is about? I’ve never met him and he might be reluctant to drop everything and arrive on my say so.” Carvalho pondered. “Yes of course. When we returned from the first Mars mission Pascal Dupree had stowed some crystal to take to Sudan. In order to improve the chances of getting it past the checks in Beijing he asked Indira Banjani, Natalia Balinsky and yours truly to take some through for him. We all made it but then got separated, and we were individually accompanied by security to our departure points, as there was a hunt for Alex 2. Later the three of us posted our samples to him in the secure containers – mine from Portugal and theirs from USA. Now listen carefully. In view of what you have just told me we need better odds in saving Evander’s life. If Pascal Dupree can replicate again, and I convince Logan that he could orchestrate the exchange with the kidnappers via that Symbiant (as there is no knowledge of others on Earth) it would pretty well guarantee success. No other Earth inhabitant could meet them alone and have the odds in their favour. The risk of not delivering the crystal or substituting a dummy version and being found out is not an option. Can we do this?”
‘Jesus Christos,’ thought De Santos, it could work. “I am more confident in this plan than the FBI approach Commander, but how will you sell it to Logan? And then he has to convince the Bureau?”
“Logan is in over his head in this job, I don’t see him passing up this chance to gain esteem. The Bureau will be more difficult but you can agree with them to release the crystal, with the penalty of a lawsuit if they do not return it in full, after the exchange. After all, it’s still in reality under a legal embargo in the vaults. It may give Logan the power trip he is looking for. In order to avoid him suspecting collusion I will, if he goes for the Symbiant idea, refer to you on the legal threat. However first things first, you need to convey this to Pascal Dupree. I’m sure he will want to help and declare that it was the last of his crystal. It would be best if he performed the replication in Beijing from the coordination standpoint with the FBI, as they will not relinquish total control.”
“I’ll get on to it immediately Commander, I’ll clear it with Dupree and then simply wait for Logan to contact me.”
********
Ayrton de Santos had managed to convince Dupree of the veracity of this ridiculous request primarily because of the even more ludicrous Russian roulette the FBI seemed to accept with a boy’s life. In addition, an awkward blend of anarchism and morality had always been his hallmark. He had agreed to travel to Beijing with the last dregs of his stash. He left his young ‘son’ to continue the aid to his Sudanese flock. De Santos was reflecting on how his activity had recently changed from boffin to political agent. The next jolt came from Sadat. “I have to speak to... er sorry, transmit to Commander Carvalho again. This is of the utmost urgency.”
De Santos was struggling with who knew what, and had to resist the urge to follow his scientific discipline and record observations. He also did not want to have Logan walk in on any irregular meeting or transmission. Sadat was insistent that somehow this had to happen. “I’ll get back to you within the hour Mr. Sadat.”
He decided to try to precipitate something with Logan by personally taking the shipping detail for the crystal, which required a signature. “I’m still not happy about this but it is your call and your signature. It also needs to have your seal of office stamped here and here.” Logan looked flushed and agitated. “Please sit down Ayrton. Do you know the whereabouts of a Pascal Dupree? Apparently he was the medical presence on Mars a long time ago.”
“Dupree, er vaguely, that was over twenty years ago. I seem to recall he went to somewhere in Africa after the crew returned. Why do you ask?”
“We may need to speak to him, but first I want to run something past you.”
Logan’s massive ego surfaced and rapidly gathered pace. He spouted off about a discussion with Carvalho which had sparked an idea he had put to the Commander, to curb the reckless intentions of the FBI. De Santos had to concede that this buffoon had missed his calling; he did have a sprinkling of that Hollywood dust. Maybe he should be sprinkled with a different dust – maybe not, one of a kind was enough.
“So, what do you want me to do?”
Logan’s smile was sickening. “Let him know that we know he has some illegal crystal and we urge him to report here immediately with the entire quantity. We will acquaint him with the plan when he arrives.”
“If I can trace him I’ll pass this on if that’s really what you want.”
“Is there something bothering you Mr. de Santos?”
“I’m assuming you appreciate that he took this crystal before the law was passed to make possession illegal. Then of course there is the small matter of extraditing him from Sudan – how much time do we have?”
Logan had lots of practice at backtracking. “Yes, that is a valid point. What do you suggest?”
“Well, make him feel an important part of helping bring down these apologies for human beings who are holding the boy.”
“Mmm, yes, could you attend to it and let me know his response? There is another matter. We need to ship the crystal to wherever but have it returned if the exchange is favourable so I won.....”
De Santos corrected him, “No sir, if you are talking of the legal position, the FBI does not get off the hook that easily. There must be prior acknowledgement from them that the crystal is being passed into their care on the condition of safe return. If the entire quantity is not returned they face a legal suit until it is. I would have thought they knew that.”
“Of course, thank you for reminding me. They must see the benefit of my plan. Thanks.”

 
Chapter 11

Doc had distributed his wristbands and they were received warmly by the humans, whereas the Symbiants could not get too excited about them. He attached a note to each one suggesting that if ever humans altered their physiology there may be a way to link a display to the brain.
Stella informed Carvalho that she was prepared to allow the media to speak to Singh. “I’m satisfied that we can claim the procedure was a success in medical terms. However I’m no politician so I would appreciate your handling of that side of things, if you have time.”
“Of course I have. I hope this isn’t an intrusive suggestion - would you like to discuss the double act, and rehearse each other’s signals so that we can recognise them - over dinner?”
She didn’t hesitate. “That would be very helpful, I don’t want to put my foot in it, and your guidance may help, but I can’t promise that it won’t happen – as you know I get a little protective of patients; people have referred to it as tunnel vision.”
Carvalho felt a rush of stomach churning but was able to maintain a professional voice. “Excellent, can you suggest a restaurant near the hospital so you don’t have to travel. It would also give me a chance to talk to Singh before the vultures descend on him.”
“Yes, I’ll make a reservation. Bye.”
********
Sadat was even more urgent this time. “Mr. de Santos, if you cannot help me contact Commander Carvalho I will have to trust you to convey the information I have yourself. We must stop this kidnap trade.”
De Santos thought this was a bad sign - maybe a problematical impending disclosure. It was worse than that. He had for some reason thought Sadat knew of the new plan. “Why, and how?”
“We have recently had a visit from a top General in the Chinese military. This was a long-standing arrangement but it has taken on new significance. As you know North Korea has the last vestiges of a communist state run by a dictator. They have pursued a headlong disregard for world pressure to cut their nuclear arsenal. The USA and China have been the most outspoken critics. The Chinese General visited us to speak first hand to our military as we have the most recent experience of a conventional war – in 2018 with the Zionists. The General – I need him to be nameless for now - asked to speak to our government and ended up with me. He is supposed to be responsible for building a camp on the North Korean northern border to discourage growing defection of the Korean civilians. The Americans have responded to a request to do the same with the permission of South Korea on their border, and they agreed. The Americans asked about the eventual repatriation and were assured by the Chinese that they could pass all detainees to them by sea, and they would oversee the return of all defectors. The General has since been informed that these captives are to be secretly replicated with crystal and briefed before return, to conduct a guerrilla war against their own forces. They know the dictator would stop short of employing nuclear armaments in his own country and against who he believes are his own people. The General was told that it only needs a few milligrams of amorphous powder for each one. They believe there will be sufficient to produce an indestructible army of hundreds of thousands from less than 1% of that number of originals. They will invade at the appropriate moment and install a puppet regime in the name of stabilising the region. He believes the Americans are not in on the second part of the objective but is unsure whether one or both could be involved in the kidnap exchange. The General and his family have asked us for asylum. You must agree this is vital information which the Commander must have. One thing is certain - whether it comes from the Martian domes or Beijing vaults they are determined to obtain the crystal at any cost.”
The Brazilian initially responded with sarcasm. “This is a ridiculous claim; it can’t be serious.”
“That was my first thought but he showed me detailed plans. The replicants are to be deployed in alternate waves. The leading ones engage the N.K. military in conventional guerrilla strikes and the secondary detachments clean up any dismembered replicants which have suffered explosive damage severe enough to preclude regeneration. They know about things which I did not, such as the replicant physiology – sentinel cells and first tier registry links to these cells to repair damage. They must have inside information. The second wave is to return these damaged parts to cold recycling points behind the line of incursion to enforce crystal reversion. The recovered crystal will spawn new replicants to join the next offensive wave. This may seem like a crackpot idea to the likes of us but they are convinced they can succeed. You may think that it is also a ‘crazy’ objective to complete this phase and end up with all of the planet’s red crystal ready for use on what next? It is almost too far-fetched to believe – a bit like suicide bombers without the suicide. If the Americans have been deceived it could well mean that the problem becomes even more serious if and when they find out.”
De Santos was not a risk taker by nature; he was a competent scientist whose brain had been showered with political involvement, none of which was of his own choice. Sadat needed to know of the Pascal Dupree charade and Carvalho needed to know of this latest fantasy war. He wanted out of this ring of intrigue. He set up the most secure transmission link possible via an initial message to Art Legrange to get Carvalho alone to be ready to receive. When this had been achieved he made it clear to Carvalho that Logan did not know what Sadat was about to deliver. He also asked to be relieved of any further involvement in the politics other than carrying out direct orders.
The revelation did not impact Carvalho as it had the Brazilian. His first thought was to carry on with the Pascal Dupree plan, and Sadat agreed. It would be helpful to know if the FBI reacted to this in any particular way and whether there was any indication of them being part of any other agenda.
De Santos duly informed Logan that Pascal Dupree was standing by for Beijing airlift from Sudan. He was more than happy to assist in the effort to free Evander de la Cruz. Logan preened at his opportunity to manipulate the FBI with ‘his’ plan. They did not exactly protest and even saw some merit in the idea as well as the apportionment of failure, if that occurred. They did insist on maintaining the coordinating role – Dupree’s replicant would be instructed by them and nobody else. This decision left Carvalho and Sadat thinking that they either had no part in any ‘Chinese whispers’ or they were unknowingly being used by their own government to acquire the crystal. It was a priority to find out who the kidnappers were. The FBI knew this would be possible by replicating captured individuals at the exchange and interrogating them.
********
Carvalho’s date with Stella was a welcome if brief respite from the political intrigue. He asked her what had made her apply for the Martian post. At first she hesitated, explaining that it was a long, boring story and somewhat painful. His total acceptance of that and a swift change to the matter at hand, Mr. Singh, strangely disappointed her. She had never really got close enough to anyone to regurgitate and hopefully cleanse herself of the baggage of the failed marriage.
They quickly came to an accord on exactly how to handle all possible probes by the media and Carvalho produced a surprise for her. “I’ve just heard from Sophia Scillacci and Eidur Isaakson – the two specialists who combined the human and Axis knowledge to produce the design for the procedure carried out on Singh. They will be on a parallel broadcast to ours; the link up may at least help move Terran resistance to this science into a more objective forum. They are thrilled with your success and send you their warmest congratulations. They’ll visit you on the next shuttle on which they can secure places.”
“Really, I feel honoured. I have somehow looked at them as mentors even though I’ve never met them.”
Carvalho reassured her, “They are very impressed with the way you handled this potentially explosive case. Apparently the debate has bubbled under the surface, just waiting for failure. You were under a lot of pressure; their praise is merited.” She was a little flustered and self-conscious and returned to his former question. “My determination to detach myself from the issues surrounding the case was aided by my reasons for wanting the post. Since you did ask, I needed a new beginning – professional and personal. Clearing my head meant exactly that – everything. I just had the perfect focus to help annex my recent traumas. As I said earlier I don’t want to bore you with detail but I now feel that my decision was vindicated.”
“I can’t imagine it would be more boring than returning to my hotel accommodation and evaluating the latest pressure reports from the boreholes.” She truly smiled for the first time in his presence. It was two hours later when they said goodnight. She was besieged by conflicting cerebral and emotional messages. ‘It’s too soon; this has happened to me before; it’s good to feel like this again; I must combat arousal; I’ve just started this job; he may not feel this way about me’.

Chapter 12

The call came closer to the deadline than expected for Reuben de la Cruz. “Put your negotiator on the line.” He obliged and handed the handset to Marvin Kinsey. “Yes. Kinsey here.”
“Listen very carefully. You will deliver the goods exactly 24 hours from now. Set your timepiece. The delivery point coordinates will be the last thing I tell you – be ready for that. You will use a helicopter to deliver the cargo and upon our signal you will lower it with a winch. The chopper remains in the air until we have visually verified the cargo. It then leaves and returns in 12 hours to pick up the boy, if the tests prove we have the correct material. The coordina.....”
Kinsey interjected. “No.”
“We do not have flexibility on this.”
Kinsey was adamant. “We don’t either. You check the material, we check the boy. It could be anybody. We send one unarmed man down with the cargo to verify the boy as Evander de la Cruz. You do not take away the crystal until we do that. Once we have his signal, our man is winched up, and only then do you take the boy and a sample of the cargo for test. When you are satisfied, the boy is lifted and the cargo is yours. There is no trade if we don’t have this assurance.”
There was anxiety in the other voice, the conversation had already lasted longer than planned and they knew a trace was in progress. “You must not attempt to land, and we will only signal for your man to descend to within two metres of the surface so we can check he is not armed with weapons or detonators. If he is clean he can then make landfall and confirm the boy’s identity.”
Kinsey agreed to this but did not have one piece of vital information. “Very well, we agree to the procedure but as you know the cargo is in Beijing and the timeline is too tight to reach some destinations with certainty. We would appreciate a 36 hour deadline.”
“That is not our problem; negotiations are over.” Kinsey’s tracker was almost there. “What if there is an.....”
The voice delivered the coordinates and said there would be no further communication just as the triangulation was complete. The call was made from a mobile device located in Chile. The Fed officials were discussing the mechanics and were already on the line to Beijing when one of the agents tapped Kinsey on the shoulder. “Sir, these GPS coordinates are over the Brazilian rainforest, and the really bad news is that there is nowhere to land a chopper within two hours flying.”
“Shit,” yelled Kinsey, “now we are totally dependent on this Beijing guy to take them all down without any heat. This is not going to end well.”
It was at least a tight enough timescale to get everyone focussed on just getting the crystal to the Brazilian military base with Dupree and replicant in time for transfer to a neutral helicopter. They could not risk arming the helicopter itself. They did have tear gas grenades. Kinsey remarked, “They must be on the ground at or near the rendezvous point already; the Chile contact would be a safeguard against a call trace. I really hope the guy Beijing is sending with the crystal is as good as they’re telling me he is.”
********
Carvalho and Stella fielded the questions from the media satisfactorily but Singh stole the show. He was articulate and didn’t condemn the Earth medics who denied him the operation – he merely said he wanted his children to grow up in Martian society. He was very convincing with some of those who had armed themselves with questions to test his memory transfer. This also made the job of Scillacci and Isaakson much less controversial. It was a small step forward for mankind. After the bandwagon dispersed Singh asked for his family to visit and when they arrived, it was an emotional scene.
“Ok you heard it on TV, you wanted to stay and I have told everybody we will. So, ask the Commander to point us to the right person and get searching for the accommodation which will be prepared for my homecoming.”
Stella had to ask the over-exuberant children to avoid hugging their father too tightly as he was a little more fragile than he appeared. Carvalho was scheduled to return to Marineris with the kidnap saga coming to a head. He began making his excuses to Stella so she took the initiative. “Could you use some company? I know this is a tense time for you; you were very supportive of me in a similar situation and I’d like to say thanks.”
His smile registered no further need for words. He nodded wistfully and squeezed her hand. She whispered, “I assume there is accommodation available at Marineris?”
“I’ll check it out now, but don’t worry, if there isn’t, I’ll ask one of the Symbiants to vacate a room and sleep outside. They’re pretty much immune to one night in the freezing cold. Just joking Doctor - or can I call you Stella?” She coyly said she needed to freshen up and pack a change of clothes. He didn’t ask but she had already arranged for colleagues to cover her shift for the next day.
********
Touchdown in Brazil did not leave much time for briefing before Kinsey informed the helicopter pilot of the plan. He had decided to travel himself as he didn’t like the look of this ageing replicant. This took the helicopter closer to the weight limit than they would have liked. As they boarded, his appraisal of the geriatric hit-man was revised a little when he moved the cargo with impunity to make room for the FBI ‘supremo’. He then asked, “How do you want me to refer to you?”
“Apparently I have been bestowed with the name Dupe - presumably suggesting I am to surprise the kidnappers.”
They were nearing the area of the coordinates and Kinsey had become a little more comfortable with Dupe. The replicant had grasped all the instructions offered immediately, and questioned some of them. He had one suggestion which appealed to the FBI man. “As we cannot land, and both the boy plus crystal are at risk after they have confirmed its authenticity, I would like to reduce that vulnerability.”
“Aha,” said Kinsey.
“Well, although we do not know how far they have to travel to the ‘test lab’ they have specified that we return in 12 hours. This makes me think that this rendezvous point is not as inaccessible as we believe.”
“Go on.”
“We can mitigate this possible risk if I leap out of the helicopter approximately one mile from the hover point. The forest canopy will restrict their view of this. Do not be concerned, I will not be damaged by this and I will be at the rendezvous by the time your discourse with them results in the signal for you to descend and check the boy. As you ascend and they watch, I will despatch multiple tear gas grenades around the clearing. Being unaffected by it myself, it will be a simple matter of snatching the boy and taking him to temporary safety before rendering the kidnappers unconscious, as well as vision deficient. We have the elements of surprise and distraction; I am very quick in executing such basic manoeuvres.”
Kinsey was not convinced and still felt there was danger of the boy being harmed by some trigger happy thug. He said, “I’ll stick to the original plan.”
Dupe said, “Have you considered how they are going to get the bulk crystal out of there?”
“Yes, but it has a tracer.”
“And you don’t think they will check for one?”
Kinsey was jumpy. “How do you believe they will attempt to move it?”
They were now approaching a circling attitude to the point. Dupe said, “I do not have to believe – my vision apparatus can detect the clearing. There is a very large Brazilian flag on the ground. There is a shape underneath this flag and the wooden platform on which it is draped. The shape is that of a helicopter housed in an excavation. There are eight armed personnel in the vicinity.”
In a flash Kinsey realised the danger of his own plan. These guys would allow verification of Evander then when the FBI chopper retreated for 12hrs, they would load up, disappear with the crystal and the boy. “We go with your suggestion, I pray you live up to your promises.” He asked the pilot to slowly decrease the circling radius to allow Dupe his exit and then acknowledge the kidnappers’ gesture to winch the cargo on to the flag.
The eight individuals on the ground backed off into a circle whose circumference was close to the edge of the clearing. The winch was ready to go as the hover position stabilised. The crystal was lowered very slowly as any snagging could bring down the chopper. Dupe had arrived and with the noise level as cover he quickly leapt behind one of the thugs, snatched the automatic weapon while simultaneously delivering a fatal blow to the head. It was done in a flash and the rest appeared spellbound by the lowering cargo. Dupe retreated to the camouflage of the forest with the corpse. This was a deviation from plan and Kinsey was furious but helpless. The group started to move forward toward the grounded cargo and did not notice one of their ranks was missing. Kinsey was near to cardiac arrest when he saw Dupe appear again. The noise and air turbulence was making it difficult for those on the ground to communicate with each other. Dupe seized his moment. They had left Evander tethered near the perimeter and the replicant was able to discharge the grenades between the boy and the remaining seven adversaries. It would produce a wall of smoke and lachrymatory gas but not before the tether had been disengaged and the boy whisked to the cover of the undergrowth. The next few minutes were surreal. As the kidnappers turned their attention from stripping the packing of the crystal to the billowing smoke, and could no longer see the boy, they lost it. Advancing into the mist while discharging their weapons without knowing what was going on – they started to cough, and breathing was very difficult. They individually and unconsciously retreated into a tight group. Before they decided to unleash a hail of bullets on the helicopter, Dupe hurled a tree he had uprooted, at them. In pinning them against the cargo another two were killed. The rest were immobilised, and Dupe collected the weapons, threw them to the edge of the clearing, and beckoned Kinsey to descend. By the time he had grounded, Dupe had piled the injured on top of one another despite their protests of agony. He directed Kinsey to the boy and asked him to bring one of the weapons to the centre. While Kinsey stood watch, Dupe cleared the crystal out of the way to allow the helicopter to land. By the time it had, he had bound the captives together with creeper from the forest. His demeanour was unchanged when he addressed Kinsey. “I believe we are supposed to replicate some or all of these people and interrogate the synthetic versions. As the crystal has not yet turned to the amorphous form that is not possible. We also have a weight restriction on our helicopter. I suggest you take the boy and the crystal back to the military base. I will follow with their helicopter and the prisoners.”
Kinsey felt a bit redundant and didn’t bother to ask if Dupe could pilot the machine, and whether he could find his way back. The kidnappers didn’t feel up to challenging the plan.

 
Chapter 13

When the news reached Carvalho he was visibly relieved and Stella guessed as much from his body language. He breathed deeply. “It was mainly my idea to try such an audacious rescue of the boy, but I also felt pretty helpless at not being able to participate. Anyway, he’s safe for now.”
Stella squeezed his hand and took advantage of the emotional moment with a very light kiss on the cheek. The tension gave way to passion and she led him to the sleeping quarters. He could not really believe this was happening so soon, yet it felt right. The passion alternated with tenderness for most of the night.
When breakfast beckoned they were in sleep deficit and they were both contacted by their respective ‘offices’. Normality began to kick in and as she was about to embrace the sonic shower, Carvalho started to mutter that he had not intended to take advantage....
She put her finger across his lips and added, “Shhh.”
As she showered he was transfixed at the image of her through the ‘not quite transparent curtain’. Even though he was still in a heightened state of emotional abandon, he could not believe he had connected in this way with this breathtakingly beautiful woman. As she left the cubicle she realised that breakfast was not on his mind. He pulled her gently into a long silent embrace.
Having ‘come down to Mars’ somewhat and looked at his agenda, Commander Daniel Carvalho felt life might never be the orderly routine he had previously settled for.
Stella told him she had the day off and would not be a distraction. She would explore Marineris as she had not had time to do so until now. He left to attend a fuller briefing of events from Alex 2.
********
Once back at the military base Kinsey had two priorities. The immediate safety of Evander was first and then information which could be extracted from the five captives. Reuben de la Cruz was adamant that Brazil was not an option. He made a good case for him going to Mars. His argument was simple. The reason he was abducted related to massive publicity the selection programme had handed to the perpetrators. “So why not send him early? The rest of the programme has been put on hold. I do not want to have my son become a prisoner of constant security.” It was perceived as a reasonable suggestion and would help diffuse anxiety with the other candidates who may have been selected.
Kinsey wanted more information about replication. Having seen Dupe’s performance he briefly wondered about his recruitment for the Bureau, but dismissed it on grounds of his failure to stick with the agreed plan, and how fussy the Bureau hierarchy had become since merging with the CIA. His main concern was about what to do with the replicants after the extraction of data. Pascal Dupree then suggested they could possibly extract sufficient information from the three corpses, to convince the survivors it was futile to hold back. The crystals were dusty now that they had been out of cold storage and at high ambient temperature for some time.
The corpses gave up details of Bolivian and Venezuelan nationals and the recruitment ‘agency’ location residing in Caracas. None of the bodies appeared to be the leader from the scant data retrieved. The bluff commenced.
Kinsey addressed them together at first. “We already have information on who you are and the people who have engaged your services. It is now a simple matter of taking your individual statements and bringing the appropriate charges. If there is any discrepancy in your accounts then we will proceed to replicate you in turn to confirm the liars. That will affect your eventual sentence. Be sure you think about this because we don’t entertain second chances or claims of convenient recovered memory. You have twenty minutes in your separate interview rooms to make sure you know exactly what you want to say, before we start recording.”
They recognised the futility of trying to broker a deal. The revelations were interesting. Only the leader really knew what Kinsey was after, but he was nervous about the discrepancy of the others apparently knowing nothing other than what the corpses had already offered. Kinsey told him to concentrate now on answering questions. “Who contacted us from Chile and presumably briefed you on our demands to alter the proceedings?”
“He was the one pulling the strings with the men in Caracas. His identity is only known to them – they were to pay us.”
Kinsey continued, “You say you have worked for the Caracas connections before, in what respect?”
He shifted uneasily in his seat. “Always to do with recovering goods not paid for, or the individuals responsible for the default. We have never been involved in abduction of children or cargo other than coca.”
“Why was this so interesting to you?”
“The money was way above what we would normally receive in a year.”
Kinsey decided to leave it there for now. He had the names of the Caracas brokers and called in the appropriate backup. The targets would know by now that their operation had gone wrong. He guessed that the man in Chile would want to know why but may not try to make contact with them. Time was critical.
 Meanwhile Logan was sickeningly and falsely modest about his brave decision to take the nucleus of a hint from Carvalho and authorise such a daring plan. It was not long before the political Chino/American position adjusted. He received a congratulatory call from Arnold Rodham detailing his relief at the successful outcome insofar as both the boy and crystal were back in safe hands. The Chinese were nervous about the vulnerability of the crystal while it was sitting in an apparently lawless country. They were seeking assurances that it would not fall into the wrong hands. They told him that their legal challenge had been prepared to effectively relieve Beijing of its custody. Logan was more concerned about the latter than the inconsistency of the two responses.
His preening continued while he informed De Santos of the Chinese legal threat. Being circumspect, the Brazilian asked him about the American response. When he heard nothing of an impending legal counterpart he decided to pass this on to Sadat.
********
Alex 2’s briefing of Carvalho on the ‘rumble in the jungle’ was concluded and they were discussing what may happen to Pascal Dupree and his new sidekick Dupe. Carvalho indicated that as soon as he got to Earth he would make sure that Dupree was happy with all aspects of the post-episode fallout. They were a little concerned that Dupe would be the focus of attention from disreputable organisations and the political hierarchy. They were interrupted by Legrange who had received a transmission from Logan, it said, “Commander, I have a request that the young man – I forget his name, well the kidnapped boy – should come to Mars on the next shuttle. It is felt, and I agree, he is still a target. I realise this is short notice but I am sure I can count on you to respond positively. I will assume this is acceptable unless I hear to the contrary. I appreciate your part in this important saga.”
Carvalho was pleased to let Alex 2 read it. There were signs of a smile from the Symbiant. It was however somewhat eclipsed by that of the Commander, after he counted the number of times Logan had used the personal pronoun ‘I’ in the short transmission. The message also stressed the deadline of the shuttle’s scheduled departure being imminent.
The spirits of the think-tank participants were lifted by Evander’s planned arrival. They had come to terms with the downside of the new spatial manipulative concept of travel. It was indeed analogous to the ancient mariners having to chart areas of avoidance for future reference. Sandbanks, rocky outcrops, rogue tides were all factors which only became negotiable once the charts were produced. They had a head start with all the probes which had been deployed over the years and the Axis had even more accurate data as far as the Kuiper belt. The wormhole transit from 55 Cancri was not helpful as the internal conduit was free of ‘debris’. The asteroid and Kuiper belts would have to be charted with normal propulsion to fill any gaps from probe data before moving on to the Oort cloud. The charts would have to contain a feature the old sea dogs would have had some trouble with. Planetary bodies, comets and rogue asteroids would all need to be the subject of a very reliable algorithm. The Symbiants conceded that as the comprehension was up to standard, the laborious calculations would fall to them. The group was on the verge of running before they could walk, by suggesting a prototype design should be produced. Alex 2 deflated the new shoots of motivation when he said the theory was not yet sufficiently ‘complete’. “Producing gravity A waves, even if sustainable, does not in itself embody control. It is worth considering the multi-faceted semantics of the ‘umbrella of control’.”
********
Sadat made contact with Arnold Rodham. The conversation was driven towards the new perception to which the security of the crystal had risen in view of the failed kidnap. “The USAr is becoming increasingly nervous of the proposal of the Chinese and yourselves to prematurely employ it, albeit for worthwhile causes, now that the ‘underground’ interest is so manifest. We cannot speak for the Indian and Russian governments or any others, including the European block. We have however received sentiments of their unease.”
He was about to call for an open discussion when Rodham intervened. “We have also reviewed the situation and although the intentions we have are still necessary, we want to think this through further. I’m afraid however, that the Chinese are intransigent to modification of the timescale. We support your notion to return to the table to debate this.”
Sadat was temporarily wrong-footed but managed to digress while he gathered his thoughts. “I know your man Kinsey has yet to run the trail back to the originator of the crystal acquisition attempt. Will he be sharing this with us if it comes to light before the proposed review? It could be vital in making progress.”
There was no sign of withholding information in Rodham’s reply. “Of course, when he’s sure the case will not be prejudiced by premature disclosure I’ll get him to brief the entire group.”
 The shuttle had left with Evander on board and a second high profile earthling for a synthetic brain operation. Since Varanda Singh’s successful procedure and decision to settle on Mars, there had been more pro-campaigns than those of the ‘anti’ variety. This individual had not yet been named in Earth media as it was likely to spark a bushfire of new concern. It had been decided to wait until the procedure had been completed before disclosure.
The refitted Columbus had a newly promoted Commander. Hector Morgan was South African born, and of mixed race. His early aptitude had culminated in his acceptance at Oxford where he read physics and mathematics. His initial employment was in the robotics industry. He had subsequently been offered a senior management post in the European Space Agency. Having completed several missions and improvements to orbiting space stations he was recruited to the Beijing space research arm. He quickly established himself as a leader and wanted the real test. He was to be given the First Officer role on this mission, but the nominated Commander had developed a rare form of cancer and needed treatment to begin immediately. At such short notice the decision went to Morgan. No one was surprised.
The crew members were all human and reflected the trend for the shuttles to provide expertise in medicine, science and most of all engineering. The available cargo space was taken by supplies and equipment for the same disciplines. It was a highly compatible crew and Evander’s presence added a touch of notoriety. The young man was riding an adrenaline train.
********
Stella had returned to Echus Chasma but her thoughts lingered in Marineris. They would be in touch continually. Jet had better news for Carvalho about the new interplanetary craft. Reprogramming the robotics specifically for a small vessel would reduce the build time by an estimated ten days and delaying concurrent work on the second craft and geothermal orbiters would move it up another week. It could be ready for trials a few days before Columbus arrived. Carvalho pondered the alternatives. As much as he wanted to welcome Evander de la Cruz, there were pressing issues on Earth, and it would do no harm to surprise them with another practical announcement of independent shuttles, as he docked.
Although there was a media blackout of Stella’s new transplant patient, she had to be forewarned and supplied with medical data. Nine year old Sabine Cheverry was the daughter of the Euro President Armand. An inoperable aggressive tumour had grown exponentially since recent diagnosis and medication had barely effected retardation. The newest treatments with specific targeted drugs were not working and had confused the medical profession. She would live months at most. Now it became clear why the shuttle departure had been brought forward. There was however no room for her parents, and she was to be cocooned, sedated, and then be the subject of medical monitoring from none other than Sophia Scillacci. This mission of mercy had all the ingredients of high currency in the media and beyond, when all was revealed. Scillacci did not need a second to decide, she had wanted to return to Mars to meet the Axis in person and continue her study of their physiology which she had initiated with Pascal 2 all those years ago.

 
Chapter 14

The Caracas connection had not been easy to run to ground. Of the three names they had been given, only one seemed to be on the intelligence radar. Kinsey’s agents were fortunate that this man was in Manila at the time of the project failure. This target left hurriedly when the news broke, but not quick enough to avoid being tailed. He had decided to lie low in Singapore for a week. The Bureau had a network of contacts which made observation pretty much undetectable. Since its amalgamation with the CIA in 2041 the jurisdiction issues were gone and the organisation had earned an improved image in the USA and abroad. This allowed more surveillance by indigenous personnel and attracted high calibre recruits. Manolo Suarez was feeling comfortable that he had eluded detection. He was to enter the Caribbean islands by sea from West Africa, where there would be ‘no questions asked’. Once there he would take a cruise ship to Panama and be collected. It was therefore a surprise when he was collected by Kinsey and even more confusing when he realised that those in his own employ had been similarly ‘jumped’.
It became clear very quickly that he was made of sterner stuff than the hired help. He was immune to the threat of replication. His cronies were more accommodating but didn’t offer the desired information until one of them broke ranks. They all knew they faced lengthy incarceration, and this foolhardy young man gambled. During the second round of isolated questioning he asked for a discussion on plea bargaining. What he had to offer was the whereabouts of the wife and family of Suarez, as he had the task of guarding them frequently. He figured that this would allow Kinsey leverage on Suarez. He didn’t know that when he was in Manila, Suarez had issued orders for his family to be moved.
When this was discovered, the remaining two heads of the organisation had been informed of the search for his family. It was how things operated; they approved his family’s elimination. Those in captivity now knew they were also on death row and there was no point in being freed unless the two Padres had been neutralised.
There had been a breakthrough in Chile. Since tracing the call from there to set the kidnap rendezvous, the airports and sea ports had been watched. A week after Suarez had departed from Singapore a man with a Philippine passport had flown from Santiago to Buenos Aires, and then taken several trains north. He was currently heading back to the Argentine capital, possibly because he had heard of the Suarez family demise. He was apprehended in a remote station in Argentina.
********
Stella was only just coming to terms with the fallout which could come from the impending procedure on Sabine Cheverry. The most uncertain factor was the amount of collateral damage that may be caused if her brain deteriorated more rapidly than predicted during the shuttle journey. Even if Stella was successful with the implant, memory and motor functions could be lost. Carvalho was toying with shelving his intention to travel in the new craft before Columbus arrived. Stella told him she did not want that; Pascal 2 and Scillacci would be on hand to assist and she preferred not to have any distractions, and he was becoming a big distraction.
Only two were to be in the craft. Carvalho had asked Alex 2 to join him as there could be some far-reaching decisions taken which could affect all species. The Symbiant agreed even though his preference was to stay and nurture the incoming Evander de la Cruz. By the time they had set off and informed Earth of their earlier than anticipated arrival, the news of the Suarez family massacre had reached them. Alex 2 was unusually ‘emotional’, and reminded his companion how unwell this made the Continuance feel. “I never cease to be amazed at how many times I say ‘I never cease to be amazed’ by your species. We are about to talk again to their guardians about the ethical and deeply religious concerns over extending the life expectancy of willing individuals. This has generated more protest than this family being brutally murdered because they may know someone’s name. Human society is a contradiction in terms. If I had known of this prior to setting off I would have declined to come with you. You need to prepare yourself for what I will now say when we arrive. In summary your promise is more than counterbalanced by your inability to see beyond your own image of yourselves. I am talking about a flawed hierarchical system within a political mirage. I will be advising all Symbiants of a change of priority. We need to concentrate all encouragement on the Axis. They do not offer the same potential as humans but they also do not offer the same weaknesses. I am sorry to say that this will be accompanied by a rescinding of the human option to regress Symbiants to crystal. That will be transferred to the Axis. We will of course be happy to continue with individuals of your species who are not afflicted by myopic obsession with human rights; fortunately those on Mars already qualify. Sadly, there will be those on Earth who do, but they are victims of circumstance, they do however have the option to leave. You should know Commander that I had a similar discussion with Xiang many years ago, and without more people like him there is little prospect of change.”
This was a sobering message which Carvalho knew had justification. He also knew how the reversal of Symbiant voluntary hibernation would be interpreted. ‘I told you so – this was the agenda all along’ – sprang to mind.
Evander was to have a tour with the new arrivals before his anticipated introduction to the members of the think-tank. Sabine was to be prepared for surgery as soon as possible and was whisked to Echus by train before too many prying eyes could speculate. It would be done in this order as Evander had become a minor cult figure since his rescue, and most of the assembled crowd and media would follow him.
********
The Philippine national insisted he had nothing to do with any of the events surrounding the kidnap. His story was adjusted to explain the Caracas contact numbers in his mobile communicator – he had relatives there who worked the Caribbean cruise ships. Kinsey said that was interesting. “So why did you turn around and come back to Buenos Aires?”
“I have been there and to Chile on business, which I thought was concluded but I got a call from Buenos Aires to say the printing machine I had set up for the passport office had malfunctioned again.”
This guy was either very good or genuine. When asked if anyone in the passport office could verify this he began to digress. “You must understand this is a highly sensitive and confidential business contract, I cannot just give out their numbers like this.”
They examined his brief case and found no link to printing equipment and decided to contact the Philippine police. He had many passports and names. They were delighted to hear of his description and whereabouts as he had been on their ‘wish to interview’ list for over three years. Their intelligence people believed he was in China and were now even more interested to see him. It was a long shot but Kinsey asked, “Is there anything you can tell us about why you want to see him?”
It was not within the Philippine police power to jump the queue, the intelligence squad would get first shot and they could not comment before that. Kinsey however, milked their enthusiasm to get their hands on this man. “It may be some time before you get your chance. He is mixed up in the Evander de la Cruz saga. He will be here until we convict him. However, if your people want to come to Brazil I’m sure we could try to arrange for you to have interviews with him. I’ll leave it to you; my contact details will be forwarded to you for your verification with my organisation.”
********
Carvalho asked Alex 2 to keep his intended speech until the very end of their visit, and the Symbiant readily agreed. His logic was that delivering this withdrawal notice could only make the objective of the trip more difficult, unless the agenda had preceded the declaration. The atmosphere was downbeat with just the two of them on board, and although such silence did not trouble Alex 2, Carvalho tried to lighten the mood by asking what contribution Evander could make. “Undoubtedly he will have a decisive one. He has already demonstrated in his challenges to aspects of uncertain proofs that the challenges themselves are invalid. He can expect the same from some of the think-tank members, but they are not threatened by his precociousness, and will possibly see the point.”
It was obvious that this was about as much as he was going to give away. Carvalho went on the offensive and switched the discussion to what really bothered Alex 2.
“I’ve had some reservations myself about the extent of modification of our physiology. You may recall that I said at the time we produced the charter, this moment of helping individuals with no other hope, would determine the timing of substitution of the brain by synthetic equivalents. I’m equally certain that resistance to other modifications will be broken down in the same way, to the point of humans being more inorganic than they ever thought would be acceptable. The real difficulty will arise when we tackle the issue of procreation. Of course if an individual has to sacrifice this for some life-saving cure of a terminal condition, it will occur. This is very different from taking a vote on mass sterilisation. Even the new-found promising species, the Axis, have illustrated their dichotomy on the subject. I have to ask you if your frustration with humans is partly because we haven’t been stampeded into compliance, as they were by the instability of their solar system. Their initial decision to undergo modification was made very easy by the radiation blight of their ability to procreate. Yet if you assess them now, they all regret it to some degree. Perhaps your patience with us and faith in us would be restored if it was possible to preserve procreation above all else. I’m not disputing your logic, as many human individuals will go with you on this. It’s part of our diversity. I’m suggesting that causing hostility will produce the situation you predict. Is it not far more promising to exceed that expectation by tackling the issue which could unify? I must add that it might make the Continuance more promising, even in the eyes of those for whom you have little respect.”
He did not foresee silence as the sequence in these discussions. It was mind-boggling to think of how many bits of data had been processed by the Symbiant before the reply did come. “This is a promising line of reasoning. It has been increased in priority.”
********
The welcome gathering was in full swing as the crew emerged, and there was a lull before Evander’s face was recognised through the panel of his helmet. They followed him to the reception dome. It took a further twenty minutes for the stricken, anonymous patient to be transferred to the train and it sped off to Echus Neurosciences. The theatre was ready and the new unit pre-prepared. Scillacci wanted to check for herself that the sedation had almost expired before a new anaesthetic was employed. Only then did she embrace Pascal 2 and introduced herself to Stella Aragones. The monitoring equipment showed brain function had not suffered major attrition but the pressure caused by the tumour was intense. Stella was affected by this; she had not seen anything quite like it before. Regaining her focus, she began the routine. The incisions made for access had to be spaced to allow for removal of this horrendous growth. The first stage was achieved in a little over double the expected time. It was now going to be a nervous period to see if there would be any degradation during the parallel phase. There were moments of fluctuation in the readouts, then a clear warning of faltering cerebral activity. Although there should have been longer before disconnection and the patient being made aware of the next step, the situation precluded that luxury.
Stella quickly conferred with the others; they agreed it had to be done now. It seemed to go well until the time period for natural return to consciousness had passed. The hope was that the prior sedation had extended this inactivity. Again they conferred and the decision was to wait another few minutes before considering stimulant. The worry deepened and the shot was prepared. It was Scillacci who suggested a small increase in the amplification in the data signal strength between the synthetic versions of the hippocampus and neocortex. She was confident this would not overload the new unit, and would be less risky than a third chemical infusion being added to the cocktail. The next four minutes seemed like an eternity; then she stirred. They had the morphine drip ready to combat her discomfort and it fed gently into the child’s already congested metabolic traffic. Her eyes opened hours later and there was reason for temporary relief. This was the longest procedure Stella had performed and it was more draining because there was no break to digest progress.
The next morning concern returned because although she was conscious she did not respond too well to questions. In the tension which followed, it was Pascal 2 who remembered he must address her in French. “Sabine, c’est vous?
“Oui Monsieur, ou est Maman, et Papa?
The two women looked at each other and found it difficult to hold back the pent-up emotions. They asked Pascal 2 to keep talking to Sabine while they went for coffee and discussed her recovery programme. Stella said she would be happy for Scillacci to supervise this because of her vast experience of recuperation therapy on Earth.
 
Chapter 15

The intelligence people from the Philippines arrived. Kinsey was not going to allow contact with the target until he knew more about their interest in him. It was all prefaced by ‘off the record’ claims, but a clear pattern of selling information to the Chinese was the guts of it. Most of it was commercially sensitive stuff which disadvantaged the Philippine government, but recently there had been evidence of meetings with the Chinese military. It was at this point he took permanent residence there. The picture had then become hazy until he had been accidently caught on a news camera depicting unrest at the Korean border and the difficulty the Chinese had in stemming the flow of migrants into their domain. Philippine contacts in South Korea were then able to infiltrate camps being set up to deal with this problem. The presence of high-ranking Chinese generals was considered strange. “Then there was a change in pattern. Our elusive pimpernel began a cycle of travel from the North Korean border to Beijing then to Caracas. At no point could we intervene. All of our applications to confront him were politely refused. This is all we can tell you. We have waited a long time to speak with him. We appreciate your help. Can we begin?”
Kinsey nodded but insisted on being present with a translator. “I am afraid we cannot have outside presence for much of what we need to discuss. As we suspect there are connections from this man to figures in our government, and overseas agents of other countries, it is a sensitive situation.”
Kinsey understood and knew he had got about as much as possible without going into speculative internal politics. He also felt there were sufficient links to the picture which Arnold Rodham had briefed him on, regarding possible American involvement in Korea. He made the call to Rodham and expressed the view that it may be beneficial to keep this guy in Brazil for a while after interrogation by his countrymen. Rodham squirmed a little over this but agreed that it was a kidnap on Brazil’s watch. “It is indeed troubling that this man has been linked to the three locations involving - the boy, crystal, and an area of proposed USA-Chinese cooperation. I must air this with my Chinese counterpart.”
Kinsey replied, “That may be premature Mr. Rodham. There seems to be more than coincidence here. If you alert anyone in the Chinese hierarchy who could be complicit in any or all three events we would be shut out. I anticipate the Philippine guys will not be interested in the same stuff we are, so it might be better if we hold him here on a kidnap charge with only minor personnel until something breaks. I advise patience.”
“Very well Marvin. I’ll be in touch.”
********
After the hullabaloo Evander returned to being a prodigy in physics compared to the boy celebrity. The introduction to the think-tank went well. Having got up to speed with the various aspects of the programme he ventured his first contribution. “I had no idea you had found Seaborgium Oxy-chloride in stable form. This changes lots of thinking back home.” Red asked if he could be more precise.
“Well, following this discovery some people who have dismissed certain possibilities will have to move aside to allow others to collaborate on a new gateway. I know tapping the theory and creating experimental proof will be challenging, and worse than that – very expensive, but it is great news.”
The group realised that the young man had no concept of the difference between the consumer-driven restraint and a meritocracy prioritisation. Nielsen said, “We don’t have committees presiding over costs here Evander. It’s simply a case of whether it is important to our society or not.”
“Wow, you really mean we could get started on verification?” Red confirmed to him that the objective of the group was precisely such evidence.
Evander injected a dose of realism. “I know there will be problems with inducing Gravity A waves, and more in harnessing them. We will need a field generator of incredible accuracy and yet flexibility. Velocity control of the source of the waves advancing to the discreet boundaries of sequential collapsible quanta of space has to be developed yet, and then there is the greatest challenge of all.”
He had their attention. “Go on,” said Sevicek.
“Well our objective depends on creating, maintaining and disabling infinitesimal parameters. The changes must be sequenced and therefore queued with matching precision. The current computing capability is like something from the industrial revolution, compared to what we need to handle the measurement, evaluation, and instruction of a closed loop control system. Dealing with the very small needs appropriate care. If we don’t have this we will report failure, when we can’t actually see what we are doing. Every staggering sized batch of bits of data will occur in milliseconds and if we can’t keep up we can forget it.”
Evander did not have any immediate suggestions to remedy this; he merely said it was the road block. The pregnant silence was turning to despair and nobody had challenged what he said. Yamamoto always had the tendency to think out of the box. “Dan, can’t you do that?”
Dan protested that his time should not be directed to the limited extent to which the human data processing design could be optimised. “It really needs to be thoroughly overhauled before significant progress can be achieved.”
“No, no you misunderstand,” said Yamamoto with a broad grin, “I mean you can do it; you can be the interface.”
Dan stunned everyone, including Yamamoto by declaring, “Oh I see, yes that would work.”
This was confusing to Evander, whose direct experience of the Symbiants’ capability was sketchy. The others thought it was another example of the improving sense of humour of the Continuance. Yamamoto asked for clarification. “So you become the ship and the ship becomes Dan?”
“In terms of the control Evander has pointed out – yes that would be possible. It would serve as a short term means of proving the entire theory of successive spatial quantum collapse transport.”
********
Sadat decided to contact Kinsey rather than Rodham. He opened cautiously. “Mr. Kinsey I realise your investigation has to be kept under wraps to a degree. However I may have some information of interest to you, but I will only know for sure if you can confirm something for me.”
Kinsey said nothing. Sadat ventured more. “It is known that you are looking in Caracas – the grapevine tells us that much. I have also had unconfirmed reports that you are detaining a citizen of the Philippines. If this is the case it may dovetail with a person I am trying to trace. If it is one and the same then I can offer you some connection which will either surprise or embarrass your government. Subsequent action on my part would not occur. If it is the same person I will leave it to you. If it isn’t, my search continues. Is this a reasonable suggestion?”
Kinsey was intrigued and yet considered the odds. “Let me get this right. If I confirm the ‘name’ you have matches a guest we may have, you will give me important information which you believe I don’t have, but someone in my government might; if I can’t confirm we are both seeking the same man you never made this call?”
“Correct.”
Kinsey agreed. Sadat spoke two words. “Hugo Ayala.”
Kinsey took his time and asked Sadat to continue. As unbelievable as the story was it now had to be checked out and maybe Ayala did have to be extradited to the USA. “Thank you Mr. Sadat. Can I expect your mystery General to remain with you for the foreseeable future?”
“Indeed you can, he does not want to go anywhere.”
Kinsey had to think about how to approach Rodham.
********
Carvalho and Alex 2 were about to dock. They anticipated that the successful procedure on Sabine Cheverry would rise to the surface of all agendas now that is was public. He had already been asked if he could take Madame Cheverry back with him to reunite her with the girl. Alex 2 had in the meantime agreed to postpone his mothballing of Symbiant assistance to humans for now, and would confine his speech to the urgent need for more transparency on exactly where humans could dedicate effort.
Carvalho said that a helpful first step would be to get rid of Logan. He was the worst kind of conduit. Alex 2 chided the Commander for not taking the post himself. It would be tricky to engineer his departure overtly but maybe he could be persuaded to fall on his sword. Alex 2 concurred but said he would leave this to those with the aptitude for such circuitous plotting.
********
The think-tank was back on song and Evander had made such an impact that they insisted Jet rejoin them from the orbiter project. The young man’s ideas and concerns were laid out and ranked. He wanted the Seaborgium Oxy-chloride to be deposited on a flexible but extremely durable material. His concern was the uniformity and ability to achieve the thinness with acceptable tolerance. He was also concerned about the deformation and rebound capacity of the carrier material. As the velocity required was pedestrian while the technique was employed, he favoured ‘electronic’ means as he was concerned about the accuracy of alternatives in both delivery and response to the closed loop criteria. The field generator would have to partially reflect the distortion pattern of the deposited Seaborgium Oxy-chloride. The gradient management would be critical here but he was less concerned about that specific aspect, than harmonisation of both of the non-linear parabolic distorting surfaces. As this corralling of the Gravity A waves was the ‘dog’ and the rest were the ‘tail’, it was obvious that it had to be at the front of the vessel. The radioactive shielding at the back of the prototype unit, for the rest of the ship would need to be substantial. He was not concerned about this as he had seen the Axis achievements in robotics. He said this was a preliminary list but it covered the critical areas. The matter of fact way he referred to the concerns didn’t really register with the humans and Jet, but they were not lost on the Symbiants.
His final offering was that he would like to see a demonstration of the computational prowess of the inorganic species, because, if this was lacking the rest was meaningless. Red promised him such an opportunity.
********
Kinsey left Brazil to speak to Rodham in person. A phone call would not betray body language in the same way. He also wanted to be ready with extradition procedure if that proved necessary. When they met he started with the search for the other two Caracas connections and indicated that it may be prudent to give the impression that the trail had gone cold. The name of the man in captivity meant nothing to Rodham. A swift change in emphasis to the possible Chino/American strategy caused Rodham to go on the defensive. “Look, there is a serious threat in North Korea and for once we are considering a supporting role to help convince the UN that they must address this powder keg in a far more responsible way.”
Kinsey probed. “Oh, I see, is that why this loose alliance has also broken off from the ‘five’ and demanded access to crystal?”
“That is a totally separate issue. It has been a shared view of ourselves and the Chinese that we must accelerate change to greener and cheaper power. The potential of these replicants offers a fast track. We have however had second thoughts on that feature following the kidnap. We had not previously witnessed their phenomenal physical attributes. This episode has spawned a rethink. We still want to avail of this Axis technology but now favour human construction and operation.”
“Who are we?”
“Well it appears the Chinese enthusiasm for the original plan is undiminished – so ‘we’ means the USA is realigning with the others.”
Kinsey chose this proclamation to confront him with the Sadat assertion. Rodham was temporarily lost for words. He seemed genuinely confused then angry. “How would they hope to get away with such a subterfuge?”
“Well you would be complicit by default, and if no UN forces were involved, they would presumably deny any such preposterous claims from North Korea, as being typical of such a delusional dictator. It could work if the conflict was short. The alternative explanation may lie in the fact that historically the Chinese themselves did not have an unblemished record in human rights. They have demonstrated with their own citizens, a blatant disregard of external criticism. We may think they have undergone a moral shift when actually they just have more pragmatism.”
Rodham was now angry. “This, if true, is not merely pragmatism – it is barbarism. It must be halted, but with absolute discretion. I’m personally going to meet with my Chinese counterpart to carefully explore the veracity of this claim.”
Kinsey was satisfied for now. “Will you initiate the extradition request?”
“Maybe we should bottom out the truth first.”
There was no deflecting Kinsey on this. It was important to file for this even if it would be rejected. “I see it the other way Mr. Rodham. If you confirm what I believe you will discover, it will be dangerous to have this Ayala left with the Brazilian security unit. The same logic was used to get Evander de la Cruz out of there and safely to Mars. It needs to be done now.” Rodham conceded.

 
Chapter 16

It was a source of tremendous satisfaction for Stella to see Singh observing one of his own children playing with Sabine even though they both had limited English vocabulary. Singh also conversed with her after visiting hours and they compared notes on how it felt knowing they had a box in their head instead of a brain. Sabine amused him by insisting she had never seen a real brain so she was more comfortable with a box. Her complete recuperation would be quicker simply because of her age-related regeneration capability. Although all was going well on Mars the issue had intensified on Earth as Carvalho and Alex 2 were coming out of the new and less stringent quarantine. Finally it was accepted by Earth medics that the risk of straying from ethical practice was potentially higher going the other way – and polluting Mars. Stella hoped that the debate would give way to a compromise road map of development. Scillacci suggested this was a forlorn hope. Her recent experience with Isaakson in the manufacture of the synthetic brain had attracted protest, some of it turning to vandalism and violence. “I believe, as the Commander does, that the furore over the individual organs will subside. It is the unknown which causes the extreme reaction. The invasion of medical advance taken as a whole, and ultimately being prejudicial to procreation, is the common denominator of the different protest groups. There is a rising supportive lobby, even before Sabine’s case, that we have to help sufferers. We need to tap into this, and the best way to do it is to take it head on and get started with helping living, infertile individuals by being able to correct or replace their reproductive system. We know that all other transplant breakthroughs have overcome the hurdle.”
Stella thought this had merit and although it would be controversial on Earth it could be given a much greater priority on Mars. There was an important step which would test this view. Neither Singh nor Sabine were candidates with new brains that were imminently about to procreate. It would be interesting to have evidence, whatever it showed, regarding the exact effect, if any, on the procreation capability of a brain box parent. Pascal 2 theorised that the more logical, less emotional synthetic architecture could ultimately reduce sex drive. Replacing the reproductive system would be a feat of considerable achievement, but futile if the cerebral ‘sex organ’ was lacking potency. Scillacci was right – now was the time to find out. She would speak to Carvalho as a matter of urgency when he returned.
********
The sight of Logan at the quarantine exit did not fill Carvalho with confidence. “Commander it’s good to see you. Hello Alex 2. We need to bring you up to date with the latest developments here. The meeting schedule has been brought forward a few hours due to the level of unrest which has spread around the world. You know we have pulled the whole subject of physiology modification to the top of the agenda.”
“Yes I know you’ve done that, but it isn’t what we want to do. If Earth struggles with this subject we accept that, and we will respect it. You can continue to send us patients who cannot be treated here or stop sending them; in the words of my friend here ‘it is for you to decide’. We are here for other more pressing issues. The kidnap and its implications for red crystal affect all of us. The threat that certain government-led initiatives could result in enforced reclamation of the crystal from our protective domes is offensive to us. Then there is the item of most importance - the intended use of the life form resulting from replication. We were expecting some discussion on new propulsion research and our decision to build a Martian fleet. Finally there is the overall trading accord; as we are in trade surplus we may need to review the situation depending on the outcome of the other discussions. So, we do not want to take up your valuable time on a point which is entirely your own to determine what to do. If you’re requesting a delay to the rest of the meeting until you have finalised your course of action on physiology, then that’s perfectly acceptable, just let us know when you are ready.”
Logan squirmed. “You may have misunderstood; there is an element of Mars being part of the problem. We have to clarify this and there....”
“No Mr. Logan, I’ve made it perfectly clear. If we are unfairly perceived as part of the problem we will defer to your wishes in our relationship with you on the issue. What we do on Mars with our own citizens is our business. If it is that which worries you we may need to put the Mars Charter at the top of the agenda. We are not going to discuss your complexities on physiology – that would be intrusive. Now please let us know when you want to begin with the real agenda. We will rest until then.”
Logan wandered off unhappily and was not comfortable with the prospect of informing an angry band of so-called decision makers of the rebuff. It would be interpreted as a weakness in his authority which would ignite debate over his suitability for this office. His tendency to bluff his way out of these situations wasn’t going to wash this time. Alex 2 congratulated Carvalho. “Commander, I believe we are both learning much about one another on this trip.”
********
Red asked the Axis, via Jet, if there was any way they could speed up the remainder of the orbiter programme so they could start modifying the robotics for the Quantum Spatial Distortion (or QSD) prototype. He shook his head but said they could begin with some components. The technique to deposit the Seaborgium Oxy-chloride could be done in the sphere assembly line. The same might be true of the field generator depending on the detailed schematic Evander had in mind. By the time they had results on these the orbiter programme should be concluded. The shielding, both behind and in front of the QSD unit could be formed in the carcass modification line.
Red settled for that and asked Evander to make haste with the field generator design as his time on Mars could be limited.
********
Although Logan had delivered the response from Carvalho, both he and the ‘edict’ were brushed aside by the rest of the Council executive and the government representatives. When Carvalho and Alex 2 had taken their seats Arnold Rodham opened proceedings. “Despite your reluctance to debate the emotional reactions here, following a medical procedure you performed, we will begin with that item.”
“Have it your way,” said Carvalho, “but we will not contribute. That would be like you interfering with our decision to continue such research and application. You should be glad we don’t want to muddy the waters.”
Rodham was undeterred. “But you are involved Commander, you have performed these procedures on two Earthlings, and whatever the fallout is from them, you are implicitly involved. As we understand the situation Singh will stay but Madamoiselle Cheverry will return. They are both high profile individuals and there is a growing undercurrent of accusation that only such people will avail of the treatment. This could be a big problem.”
Carvalho could hardly control his feelings. “What you’re really saying is that you allowed the two individuals to apply to us for help. You could’ve done it here; Dr. Scillacci and Isaakson are more than capable. You had the choice – refuse permission, do it here, or ask us to help you out of a difficult situation. Now that we’ve done so, you feel you may have chosen wrongly and want us to be dragged into a debate on something we’ve already chosen to pursue. You can’t be serious. As I told your messenger, we’ll simply comply with what you decide on Earth. Obviously if you opt in future for more procedures we can only accommodate a certain flow rate.”
There was a huddle, then a break. The resumption didn’t herald a better accord. Rodham declared, “If you persist with this line we feel we have no choice but to ask for the same neutrality on the potential employment of replicants in up-scaling the new Axis energy plants. Indeed we want your cooperation in supplying the crystal for such ventures. We note your previous claim that you only have samples but this is a distortion of the reality. You may know of the legal challenge by the Chinese, and the Beijing declaration that until the current law is rescinded we can’t avail of that source. However there is a counter-claim that you, as the finders of some of this collection, can waive objections for use of that portion, which the Council stubbornly pretend they have sole rights for. Your agreement would give us a two-to-one majority over the Council. This would be helpful to us as you’ve used the crystals for many projects and profess no harmful effects have ensued.”
Carvalho rose to his feet and stared into Rodham’s eyes. “The difference between the locations with respect to the Continuance, which is who the crystals are, is one of perception. We have always considered them to be citizens and never asked them to do anything which they don’t want to do. They are part of our charter. Here they’re viewed as machines or raw materials without being recognised as life forms – is that not how slavery came into being? I’ve heard that there may be a contingency plan to deplete our domes if you fail with other avenues. You may say that they are imprisoned life forms, but as soon as the Martian climate becomes more hospitable to the Continuance they will turn to amorphous form and proceed with their remit. Also the domes were their idea.”
The sombre atmosphere became gladiatorial; Rodham claimed he was speaking for the five. “You’re backing us into a corner with your convenient definitions. However you are human and you must choose whether you turn your back on your species or extend the arm of cooperation. Earth’s need is great right now.”
Carvalho had reached a point of no return. “How many times do you have to hear something before you listen? Our policy of non-interference on the issue of red crystal on Earth is twofold. It is for the legal teams here to resolve. The discovery on Mars and its custody ceased to have legal ownership when it was agreed to bring it to Earth. Secondly, the bulk of what is in Beijing is from Earth deposits, and my great friend Roberto Xiang drafted the law to protect it from such purpose as you have in mind. Even though it concerns me that this law may be repealed, it is for you people to decide. I’m not turning my back on my species; you are twisting our policy to your own ends.”
The Chinese representative now joined the discussion. “Commander, this elevation of replicants to one of equality gives us a problem. It is one of those situations when you are for or against something. If you really do not support the hand that has fed the Martian expansion it could produce a very difficult trading situation. We cannot continue such support in the face of dissociation and apathy. We may have to withdraw. You could also find that any remaining replicants, such as the one who assisted in the kidnap saga will no longer be welcome. They are seen as your spies.”
“Very well - my parting sentiment is that we may suffer short term inconvenience from your withdrawal of trade agreements, but it is you who will suffer in the long term. I was going to brief you about our intention to build a Martian fleet to service our own travel schedule requirement. As you have not denied the rumour of our crystal domes being part of your intended hoard, I would advise you that the fleet will now take on other functions, such as the protection of our citizens and infrastructure. Finally, if you do not want Dupe, who we refer to as a Symbiant, to remain here, he is welcome to come to Mars. That would however leave no space for Madame Cheverry. We’ll now take our leave of you as the emotional nature of this gathering is not conducive to rational discourse.”
Alex 2 followed Carvalho out of the chamber and they headed for the office of Ayrton de Santos.

 
Chapter 17

Carvalho wanted to contact Pascal 2 from the office of De Santos to urge full speed and resource on to the fleet he had threatened to build. The two vessels shepherding the orbiters were part of it but now it appeared they may need weaponry. Alex 2 suggested that he prepare the transmission in Axis written form so they would understand the urgency and it would be safe from prying Earth eyes. They also wanted to tip off Dupree that Dupe may be the subject of investigation, so they could be prepared in advance. De Santos was becoming increasingly paranoid about being linked with Martian agenda. He asked if they would make this their last request of him. Carvalho and Alex 2 were pretty much isolated and decided to leave as soon as Madame Cheverry could be ready.
********
Upon hearing the request relayed on from Pascal 2, Fav declared that the Axis would not participate in building, installing or operating weapons which could be used on another sentient species. They would simply build the desired number of craft. This complicated matters in a major way – not just the issue of the hardware, but the shape of life to come if the humans and Symbiants decided to continue with such policy.
This new directive for more patrol craft impacted the experimental QSD research, and increased frustration that they would miss out on maximising the input of Evander before his return to Earth. He allayed those fears however, by insisting Mars was where he wanted to be. He was sure about this even though he was told how this would be interpreted on Earth. Sevicek tried to explain. “You may wish that but you are perceived as a valuable asset and it may appear you are being held against your will.”
Evander replied, “My father will understand and he will assure everyone that it is my wish and therefore my choice. Unless you want to deport me I’m staying.”
********
Sabine’s mother was relieved to be on her way at last. Carvalho realised that with so much turmoil in recent weeks the craft they were travelling in had not been given a name. He mentioned this to Alex 2, who suggested ‘Prodigal’ – reflecting the reception they had received in Beijing. “I hope you can understand a little better now why I want to concentrate on the Axis and humans on Mars. I have suspected this day coming for some years now, even though it has relied upon applying logic to an unpredictable data set. I urge you Commander to begin more dedicated research in a number of areas.”
“Let me hear it.”
Alex 2 chose his words carefully. “First we need to pin down interstellar travel. The think-tank must become an action programme now. Second, despite the furore on Earth, travel capability may or may not demand some physiology modification, albeit not the drastic kind the Axis required for wormhole creation. Lastly, an alternate communication technique is paramount, as it will provide the important opportunity to contact Epsilon Eridani, Gliese, and 55 Cancri. We should know whether it is possible to find out if there are still survivors on the Homeworld or not.”
Carvalho frowned. “If I was a fly on the wall listening to this I would think you were preparing to evacuate Mars.”
“Not evacuate Commander, merely taking out insurance. We could not transport the entire population in the first instance, and they would not all want to go. I am suggesting some humans would, and possibly all Axis and Symbiants, when they hear the full briefing from our abortive meeting. Mars is too close to the whims emanating from your blue planet to feel comfortable.”
Apart from the obligatory social inclusion of Madame Cheverry and news from Mars, this subject would dominate the remainder of the journey.
********
Kinsey had not received the extradition request for Ayala. He knew Rodham was on his way back from Beijing and he would have to confront him about it. His office claimed ignorance of such a request. This wasn’t a good omen as far as Kinsey was concerned; there was too much circumstantial information in his experience for it all to be coincidence. He decided to do more digging. He had a contact in the military who could investigate the claim, but it was too risky to make overt enquiries. He arranged to meet with his contact to minimise the exposure of such a potentially damning internal scan.
They met in Monterey, a plausible vacation spot, as they both had relatives there. They walked as they talked and the initial reaction of his mole was that there would be no burrowing on this one. “Are you mad Marvin? This, if true, will go right to the top. People disappear when the stakes are this high. If there is no substance to it the outcome is not so bad, you just don’t have a career anymore.”
“Yeah, yeah – you’re right but if what I have told you is just the iceberg above the waterline, the USA is being set up for a fall it is not aware of, or worse still, we’re complicit in a horrendous plot which is known to others, who will blow the whistle. Can you imagine the internal strife that will cause? It will go on for years and weaken our vigilance on important tasks. We simply can’t afford to amble along in neutral. There is of course an alternative scenario. The Chinese don’t normally form such alliances – we could be sucked into aggression in yet another country where we don’t belong. The foreign office believes that China definitely does not want North Korea to either collapse or fall to western inducement. They have a natural border with the Koreans and it is natural to police it. We will be seen to have applied pressure on Seoul for our own ends. This accord with China on Axis nuclear power generators co-development has a whiff of the same aroma.”
Kinsey said he did not want to coerce anyone to get involved, he had even questioned the wisdom of doing so himself. He left it with Tom Bedford.
********
Red had informed Alex 2 that they had already tried to advance the QSD theory into a practical evaluation programme, but the limitation was Axis contribution in personnel and manufacturing capacity. He added that Fav was prepared to ask his citizens if any of them were willing to consider replication to boost this effort. Fav was not hopeful on this as some of the Axis had already begun to question the wisdom of entering another phase of false hope. This was tempered a little with unease over implied intentions of Earth humans. Red did report that progress was being made where concurrent effort in the sphere line was underway.
Evander was apologising to Jet for underestimating the new levels of precision they had achieved with the Seaborgium Oxy-chloride (SOC) deposition process. The reply was typically modest. “I think we may have more difficulty with your field generator. The shielding is ready, but the incremental distortion of the parabolic deflector is not yet up to expectation.”
“Even so it’s a better first attempt than I imagined, we aren’t too far away, but I know what you mean, achieving the final, albeit small improvement may be tricky.”
Meanwhile Dan and the humans on the project were involved in the fabrication of interfacing the Symbiant with the output data of the QSD unit. They had come up with the idea of linking data feed directly to some of his sentinel cells and temporarily re-routing the feedback to the controls of the QSD, rather than clutter his own tiered registry. By contrast with the deflector pessimism, they were supremely confident of success.
Unknown to anyone but Stella and Scillacci, Sabine Cheverry’s box had developed a fault. She was suffering intermittent, short bouts of memory malfunction. Unlike the human brain, it was not experiencing a deteriorating condition. It was a specific ‘bug’ which was nevertheless causing panic in the moments either side of the glitch. The two doctors had different ideas on how to tackle the problem. Scillacci advised reset to defaults and temporary disabling of minor functions, then re-establishing them one at a time to pinpoint the rogue sub-routine. Stella thought this would be a long-winded, invasive procedure and suggested Pascal 2 may be able to diagnose more sympathetically by connecting to the box in some way. When asked about it he agreed, and informed them that Dan happened to be working on a method with similar objectives of closed loop control. He would import those modifications from Dan to his own architecture and attempt to identify the problem.
********
Tom Bedford had spent a few restless nights thinking about Kinsey’s allegations. He convinced himself it would be better to know if there was something awry even if he kept it to himself. He was attending a retirement dinner for Field Marshall Osborn and knew there would be high-ranking officers present for his send off. There would be wine flowing and he could tap any alcohol-fuelled indiscretion. It would be made easier in the absence of politicians and civil dignitaries. This was a closed fraternity.
Rodham had apologised to Kinsey for the lapse of memory concerning the extradition request and promised to rectify the error imminently. It didn’t sound genuine. Kinsey decided to speak with the Brazilian authorities about better security for Ayala. They wanted to know why he had made such a sudden appeal. When he fed them a line that his people had overheard plans in Venezuela about assassination attempts, he was sure it was about their captive. He didn’t want them to hand over Ayala, just make him completely invisible. They agreed. Kinsey was now relieved, as after consideration about the extradition application, he suspected Ayala might not be safe in the USA.
This nagging doubt was reinforced by leaks about the fiery meeting with Carvalho, and speculation over the apparent hardening of the Chino/American accord. Rodham had left Kinsey with the impression that the opposite was likely. He couldn’t trust Rodham.

Carvalho was thankful that Mars had instituted its own screening of migrants some time ago. With the latest entente un-cordiale he would have been concerned about informants being smuggled in. His thought process was interrupted by an incoming transmission. He shared it with Alex 2. It covered two very different subjects. While performing routine maintenance the Axis had discovered a communication from Epsilon Eridani at the Echus Chasma plateau. It had been there for weeks. This in itself was not unusual but there was a reference to a new transmission system. Whereas all previous communication had taken over ten years to reach its destination this was expected to take less than one year. Exactly how much less was not certain because of anticipated disturbances in sub-space. They had sent another message one month later. Both were marked with their respective transmission times and a detailed explanation of the technology was embedded in each.
The second item concerned Madame Cheverry. There were adjustments planned for Sabine’s box and alternatives were available. She would be briefed upon arrival and advised of the benefits of both so she could decide. Both subjects were reported in a matter of fact tone and gave little cause for concern.
********
Pascal 2’s survey of the box had revealed an oversight in the design approach. Singh had no sign of the data blackouts which afflicted Sabine. Pascal 2’s interface had certainly identified the corrupted software link, but it had also shown that in a young developing physiology the brain requires accommodation potential for that change. It was obvious in hindsight. The boxes had been produced to templates associated with the specific brain at a specific stage. Singh should not need this leeway as his development was more or less complete. “The problem is easy for me to fix but there are issues arising. Human procreation, in copying the respective genetic coding, can and does make errors and certain genes can be switched on or off. Such errors are believed to be responsible for mutation sometimes leading to new species. The same can occur in electronics hardware but the effects may be different. There is a mistake in Sabine’s buffering routine between the transfer to and from long and short term memory. This has been exacerbated by additional traffic and transfer discrimination as she develops from a child to adolescence and will continue beyond that. So we have a software error and hardware under-specification. It produces a dilemma. If the quick fix is chosen, the problem will likely re-occur. Even if it does not, it will severely test the hardware, maybe to the point of failure. At the very least it places a cap on her adaptive learning potential.” Stella asked what he would recommend.
“I believe the parents should have input here. The optimum recommendation in a technical sense would be to modify the box to remove the error and upgrade the hardware to cater for the anticipated needs. My own dilemma would be in deciding what her future potential would have been without the box and the tumour, compared to what it could be if the limiter was removed.”
Scillacci shifted uncomfortably. “Do you imply that if it was the former we may have to upgrade or change the box several times until she is an adult?”
“Probably.”
“And if we remove the limiter?”
Pascal 2 was now a little nervous. “There is a reasonable possibility that by your standards she would become a ‘genius’.” Both women sat down to consider the implications of manufacturing prodigies. Scillacci was first to speak. “Oh no – this will ricochet around all of the protest groups and we may face problems on Earth, our research will come under serious attack.”
Stella highlighted the opposing view that unlimited potential should become a choice. “Rich and famous individuals have always dragged these dilemmas into legal admission, but here you don’t have to be rich or famous.”

 
Chapter 18

Rodham was still stalling on the extradition papers when he received a call from Kinsey to inform him of Ayala’s escape. “How the hell did they allow that to happen? You can’t trust these people. Is he still in Brazil?”
“I don’t know, but if we had received the papers a couple of weeks ago I don’t think this would have happened. I’m making discreet enquiries but I’m not hopeful. There is some concern that he may have been sprung by the two Caracas names we have been looking for.”
Rodham was furious. “Looking for but didn’t find Mr. Kinsey. The Bureau has not improved its image over this one. There will be demand for accountability.”
“Yes, that’s why I was calling you. You need to prepare yourself for a witch hunt. The media scent blood.”
“My dear fellow, you......”
“I’ve made the request for the papers three times and I have retained copies. You need to look elsewhere to divert the blame. The media know the score, I can’t understand how. By the way we have made progress on the Caracas duo; if you had let me finish I was about to tell you that, still it did let me know how much I could depend on your support.”
********
Carvalho took Sabine’s mother to the Echus Neurosciences Wing and asked Alex 2 to brief Fav on the adversarial meeting; he would bring Pascal 2 up to date at the hospital. Stella was waiting for Madame Cheverry as they had ruled out Scillacci’s option. She gave Carvalho the detail and he said he would like to talk to Pascal 2 while she acquainted the mother with the recommended way forward.
Pascal 2 was even more resigned than Alex 2 to annexing further assistance to Earth inhabitants. “It is simply a matter of logic to me Commander. They are not ready for it.”
“I’m coming around to that way of thinking myself; however there is now a veiled threat of escalating action, if my gut feeling is reliable. You know the Axis better than Alex 2; do you think we can change their minds about defensive weaponry?”
“That is a futile hope. They have already had their consultation process and it was unanimous. They may also have new priorities after this recent Epsilon Eridani communication. They will almost certainly be intensified if the second one arrives on time.” Carvalho nodded in a resigned but frustrated manner. “Ok my friend. Let’s get to the patient.”
A tearful mother was coming to terms with the condition of her daughter when Pascal 2 mentioned that it was an extremely routine matter to simply fix it. Her demeanour altered when he sketched in the option of stage-wise upgrading of the box. It ratcheted up several gears when he hinted at her possible ascendency to the cerebral elite. She had of course understandably marginalised the perception others might display at this tinkering with God’s children. When that sunk in she wanted to confer with her husband.
It was explained to her that time was important as they needed to minimise the overloading of the capability of the box in an uncontrolled manner. She reacted to this pressure by accusing the medical personnel of an oversight - which they should have been aware of before the procedure was commenced. Carvalho stepped in. “Madame, only a few weeks ago your daughter had been written off by the best doctors on Earth. We have responded to that death sentence by giving her a new opportunity. That procedure could have gone wrong or possibly her brain could have been too damaged for us to succeed. Hindsight is always something we learn from – we accept that, but please apply proper perspective to this situation. Instead of preparing for a funeral of a little girl, you are faced with either preserving her life with or without some limitations of cerebral maturity. I can understand your desire to speak with her father but delay may deprive you of the choice you currently have. Pascal 2 will talk you slowly through the prognosis of each option again in your own language.” She wiped away the tears and disappeared with the Symbiant.
Carvalho asked Stella and Scillacci to fill in some of the detail on the ‘genius’ option. Pascal 2 had suggested that in addition to the identified problem, the cooling method for the box was ‘clumsy’. It required a tiny vent in the skull, which would be a haven for infection with the insert, which was supposed to prevent re-growth and eventual closure. He preferred a departure from the registry design to something more like that of the Symbiants.
He asked, “How do we expect to achieve this in the time we have?”
Scillacci said he had better sit down. “His idea is ingenious but raises even more moral dilemmas. He wants to take a new box and make a parallel connection with the existing one Sabine has. No disconnection of the first box is required; it is to allow active copying of the one she is using. Once that is complete we connect a third box to the second one, and at the same time Pascal 2 bridges the second and third with some of the amorphous form. He assures us that it will only replicate and modify box number two; it will assess the one Sabine has as identical and decline further interaction. He maintains that while he is bridging the others, the replication process will, as it did with humans, copy everything, including the faults, then disable or replace functions with ‘Symbiant type’ improvements. It would be a ‘super intelligent capacitor’ with the efficiency of their architecture, giving indefinite life of the box and without the need for cooling etc. It would also be a procedure without sedation and discomfort for Sabine. How do you feel now Commander?”
“A little stunned I must say Sophia.”
Scillacci frowned. “If she chooses this route the saga will change status from hot potato to supernova.”
Stella joined the dots first, as she was not concentrating solely on the certain outpouring of protest. “Am I missing something, or are we pioneering a possible meld of human and Symbiant capabilities? It’s different from my understanding of replication. It retains its organic metabolism, including procreation but advances intelligence potential toward that of our inorganic brethren.”
Carvalho surprised both women as he leapt from his seat, briefly but passionately kissed Stella and declared this a remarkable insight. “I’m returning to Marineris immediately, please thank Pascal 2 for his guidance, he’ll know what I mean.”
Scillacci asked if he was not going to wait for the Cheverry decision. He claimed it would make no difference to what he had to do next, but requested Stella to let him know the outcome. When he had left Scillacci turned to Stella and remarked, “Nobody has ever managed to evoke such a spontaneous gesture of affection from the Iceman since I have known him. I hope he didn’t embarrass you.”
‘If only you knew’ - thought Stella.
When Carvalho reached base he sought out Alex 2 and began the interrogation: “Pascal 2 is about to put into operation a medical procedure which could well change everything. I’ve been informed he has the consent of the mother. I want to ask you a couple of questions and I appeal to you not to reply in the ‘assisting promise’ mode.”
“Go ahead.”
When he had summarised the ‘brainchild’ of his fellow Symbiant, Alex 2 concurred. “It would appear to be the best option.”
“I need to know if the new QSD projected interstellar capability will demand anything like the reinforcement of human physiology that the Axis needed to survive their journey.”
Alex 2 replied instantly. “No, because it is space which is deforming in front of the unit; the vessel will only ever travel at modest velocity. The stresses will be considerably lower than the method by which the Axis left their home. Of course there are still effects such as protracted periods in space to think about, but there will be remedies for them. I believe I know where you are going with this Commander. I am also pleased to say I was pretty sure you had all bypassed this branch of logic a couple of years ago. It is fortuitous that Pascal 2 was presented with an emergency, which allowed him to elucidate sufficiently to jog your own hippocampus/neo-cortex connection.”
Carvalho thought ‘so far - so good’. “Now we can contemplate interstellar travel without sacrificing the ability to procreate. My second question relates to the degree to which this hybrid Human/Symbiant being will reflect the respective characteristics of each species?”
Alex 2 did not disappoint. “If you are referring to specific attributes like hibernation, there will be some cross-inheritance. Your metabolism will respond to ‘shut down’ stimuli and gradually adapt to more efficient ways of handling this new source of data. The storage and retrieval of all data will be enhanced. However, you need not worry about turning to crystal – you have not got sufficient inorganic back-up for events like this. You may have to produce an exhaustive list of areas of concern for me to give reliable predictions. I can say the effects will be minimal. I hope I have managed to avoid too much generalisation in attempting to answer your queries.”
Carvalho was not going to repeat the urge for a second passionate kiss in one day; he had his reputation to think about. He contacted Stella to check the status of the meld and was informed that Pascal 2 was almost ready to begin copying. He half-apologised for any embarrassment he may have caused. “Yes, it was out of character according to Dr. Scillacci. I refrained from telling her that was not my experience, as I think she harbours desires for you.”
********
Tom Bedford had managed to ‘squeeze the lemon’ by talking budget constraints for the military. As this was part of his remit he knew he could raise the emotion bar by a throwaway remark. The increase in consumption of old brandy always lubricated the abandonment of protocol sufficiently to expose some indiscretion. It was always justifiable as it was within house, and for a good cause – correcting the mindset of the bean counters. General Phelps bristled at the cuts in overseas operation of land forces. Bedford said, “We have been gradually reducing this allocation for a number of years General, in line with withdrawal of forces, to the point where we contribute more political support than occupation. I thought you were totally on board with this.”
“I am,” insisted the angry heavyweight, “but we have to make exceptions for unforeseen circumstances. This bloody madness in Korea has to be serviced; otherwise we cannot deliver adequate protection of our serving personnel.”
This provoked some Generals to quietly disperse and others to pursue the mention of Korea. Bedford left Phelps to limit the damage on his blunder and align himself with the ‘deserters’. He had to lead, and whispered, “He has crossed the line this time, absolutely nobody else should know about this. Of course we have a secret contingency for this, but we can’t have that in the wider military domain.” This bravado opened up questions about how much, when, distribution and timing. Bedford continued, “I’m sorry gentlemen, but I’m only prepared to deny or not deny specifics, otherwise I would be no better than Phelps.”
It came out piecemeal, but in detail which ruled out the allegation that Kinsey’s scenario had no substance. Bedford broke the huddle by backing toward the exit and proclaiming he could reveal no more. The rest descended on Phelps to condemn his loose-tongued bellyaching and predicted dire consequences if this leaked out.
********
Pascal 2 reported success with Sabine’s correction procedure and her mother was relieved. She had also demonstrated some recognition of how disclosure of this might affect her daughter throughout the rest of her life. She had asked for confidentiality; she was certain that on reflection her husband would want this too. She refrained from any other message to him than - all is well with Sabine, she sends her love and we hope she will be released from hospital soon.
This request for respecting doctor-patient confidentiality was welcomed, and was the green light for Carvalho to explore the breakthrough on Mars. He wanted to present it as if the idea had just materialised during discussion with Pascal 2 about researching reverse engineering of the Axis reproductive system. It was bending the truth, but he felt it was worth it to protect Sabine, and Pascal 2 agreed. Even Alex 2 feigned ignorance of any previous discussion when Carvalho presented the concept to the reformed think-tank.
Many questions rained down on the idea, especially how to evaluate it in practice, how subjects would be chosen or allowed to volunteer. It was an edgy session yet positive. When Carvalho repeated his question to Alex 2 about the implication for the QSD project, the Symbiant delivered the prediction again, and this was the ignition of a clamour for more information. Alex 2 stared in silence, amazed at the different reception this would have had on Earth. Politicians and those with religious beliefs would be horrified at these irresponsible scientists, and in turn those scientists would be scathing about such restrictive governance. It made him wonder, which was a strange feeling for him, whether he would encounter this at some stage with the Axis.
Carvalho held up his hand. “This is so important for all three species living here on Mars that we must take it slowly, and incorporate the views of each, to provide appropriate safeguards for our growing numbers. What we can rule out is anything other than individuals who volunteer, but even that should be within the accepted principles of their species. This meeting today is only intended to scratch the surface of an opportunity which Pascal 2 has presented.”
Carvalho made contact with Stella and asked if she would like to disappoint Dr. Scillacci and join him for dinner. She declined. “Commander, I don’t want to do that, she has already invited me, and we need to cooperate with her on many projects. I’m sorry.”
His elation from the think-tank meeting was abruptly guillotined by the officious tone of her rebuttal. “But I could be persuaded to let my hair down after dinner. You know where my quarters are. I certainly need to relax after the last couple of days.”
The orbiters were ready for launch. Carvalho asked Pascal 2 to keep a little red crystal back for impending experiments; it would need to be kept in a place inaccessible to human inspection. A drill hole deep in Pandora’s Rift would be suitable. This also meant that all attention could now be diverted to QSD prototypes. The mood was upbeat despite the mixed signals coming from the blue planet.
********
The ripples from the military retirement party had compromised the assumed closely guarded plan to assist the Chinese. Bedford had informed Kinsey of the imminent disinformation of the cover up, and the polarised positions of the military and politicians which had now fermented. “There’s no doubt that Rodham is up to his neck in this, but he has been clever enough to structure levels of deniability. My little charade, if it achieved nothing else, has united the ranks of the armed forces. They strenuously deny any knowledge of a ‘replicant’ strategy, and if it was to be true, they would veto any involvement in Korea. The deal-making politicians are now scrambling to distance themselves from any negotiations with the Chinese, which they allege were brokered by Rodham. Unfortunately there is no hard evidence he was involved, but their own travel history of several visits to locations near the Chinese border with N. Korea doesn’t look good. In contrast he appears in Beijing at dates exclusively linked to meetings with the five and the Council. My prognosis at this stage is that the media may see to it that involvement in the plan is denied, then abandoned, commensurate with a few decapitations. Then we will see the wrath of an oriental nation scorned. That nation would have no option but to treat it as typical American hallucinatory politics. Keep your Chinese General safe Marvin, he will be hunted down, but I suspect Ayala might be first.”

 
Chapter 19

Pascal 2’s procedure had pitch-forked all things related to reproductive systems to the top of the list. It was also the only project which could derive no major direct benefit from Symbiant or Axis experience. The Axis had altered their physiology after being afflicted by sterility and the Symbiants had no predictive modelling to draw on. Carvalho wanted the best compatible team on this. It had to start with Pascal 2 and Doctors Aragones and Scillacci. The top Axis medical presence was represented by the entirely synthetic Doc, and Mac, which was the obligatory human abbreviation for ‘Make Conform’. He wanted to be part of the team himself because of the potential flak it might attract. He felt his time would be more profitably invested in this than the fruitless cackling Earth agendas.
They started out with a refresher of Doc’s work to date. He admitted that he had not made much progress after discovering that remnants of sexual drivers remained in their colour displays. The missing link was living, unmodified Axis individuals for study of the structure and functionality of organs, albeit sterile ones. The archives had been helpful in a data compilation sense but no real research had been done after the radiation exposure because the exodus predominated. The human situation offered only a starting point, to determine what results would occur with alteration of genetic code. The human option was obviously the only viable one of a pre-existing, working template from which to reverse engineer and modify if necessary. That was, of course, if replication was not considered procreation.
Stella asked Pascal 2 if there was any way at all he could comment on whether progress on human fertility improvement would be a ‘transferable’ methodology to begin investigation of Axis restoration. He said there were no statistical probability analyses available to him, and the lack of specific raw data would be a problem. However, he asked everyone to retain the word ‘reproduction’ in their dialogue. It could be semantically sandwiched between procreation and replication. It should not be forgotten that part of the reason they were having this very discussion was because of the Continuance characteristic of reproduction of a component and not necessarily retaining the entire system. “I believe we should look at all individual steps as either, candidates for the most appropriate terminology, or combination of those three terms. They are not mutually exclusive. I would have to ask all other Symbiants to be sure, but there appears to be adaptive evidence in this community of the Continuance. My personal experience definitely shows developmental characteristics in the language we use with humans and Axis. There are some perceptible redefinitions of criteria in my tiered registry. If that proves significant it would surely give more probability to adaptation in the other species if there is a subtle means of altering bits of genetic code. The requirement to do so would be more acute than the environmentally triggered alterations, as perceived changes. Some qualitative evidence of this may surface sooner than we think, if Sabine does show minute changes in her development other than cerebral advancement. I am referring to transition from child to puberty. In conclusion I would place a strong emphasis on both human and Axis sentience having arrived, courtesy of a massive contribution from the reproductive system, as one of the major drivers of inherited characteristics. One of Darwin’s consistent messages was that, in humans, successful propagation was inextricably linked to cerebral advance.” After quite some deliberation over his self-confessed limitations they made order out of it all.
First, a thorough, up to date library of human research and application of fertility treatments would be made. This would include the use of drugs but the main focus would be on identification and correction of miscopied or rogue genes. A separate study of cases of recent failure and their mechanisms would be catalogued. This was to include archive genetic data for the Axis; on the basis that DNA research had shown with embryos of different species there was a remarkable percentage of commonality in early stages. Humans even had substantial chunks in common with plants. The developing embryos went through processes of switching on or off requirements for limbs, wings, etc. The reproductive systems were in this jigsaw, and it was felt necessary to compare all possible data for the Axis at every stage of embryonic growth.
The link between sex and the brain had to be more explicit than current knowledge. The framework of observation and experimentation would need to include volunteers who did have or were going to have cerebral implants to help complete the study. The most controversial point came at the end. There would have to be differentiation tags for those who needed implants from those who desired them. Any such programme depended on the subjects of procreation itself, and therefore would take years to gain statistical momentum. It had to start somewhere and could not be forced to suit objectives. The cooperative programme was named ‘Genesis Pool’.
As it was mainly derived from extrapolation of observational data initially, it would remain low key in publicity terms. At the end of this first session, Pascal 2 requested Doc and Mac to devise an automatic computer comparison, of embryonic humans studied alongside the known Axis data, at absolute age and corrected lifespan equivalent ages.
 During their next assignation Carvalho had fortuitously heard Stella stray from a professional commentary on the aims of the programme, to dismay that she had not contributed any conference of genetic code in a personal sense. He was intrigued and could not help thinking it may be too late for such plans of his own. He simply expressed the identical sadness. The long silence hinted at a profound difficulty for either of them to take the next step. He was scared to let the moment go and at the same time terrified of rejection. He was amazed at his inability to reconcile his clear, decisive professional ability with an immature, reticent emotional disability. “Stella, I apologise.”
“What for Daniel? Have I missed something?”
“No, it is for what I’m about to say rather than what I have failed to say. I’ve known you for only a few weeks and at the same time, it seems like it has been for all my life. It’s the latter which makes me sure that I’ll never be the same again now that it has happened. I also know how ridiculous it is that my professional persona sees this disregard for respectable periods of relationship building, when my off-duty character sees it as irrelevant. I don’t want to be without you ever again, time won’t change that.”
She was choked with emotional turmoil and found herself saying, “Daniel, I haven’t dared to say what I feel. You’ve just said it for me.”
********
The media had got their teeth into the plethora of rumours of American support for an inhuman campaign in North Korea. They seemed to have an unusual uniformity of sentiment compared to their normal competitive takes. All were scathing about the Korean internal manipulation of their people by the dictatorial elite, but that did not justify the type of alleged response. They also seemed to have conformed to the tactic of a ‘serialised’ indictment rather than explosive revelation. The resulting jockeying for safety within the administration predictably began with subordinates to the hierarchy accreting blame and ‘resigning’, but the intermediaries decided that this cleansing would only ever terminate if ‘a particular head had a long drop into the basket’. The President’s closest aides were at first monitoring this but advised a tipping point would require a sacrificial lamb. As the intermediaries were now unanimous in their testimony Rodham took the lonely walk to the customary severance.
It shook America more than the rest of the world; nevertheless it all had a crippling initial effect on the trade deficit. Rodham’s successor, Hal Devonshire, wasted no time in accusing China of failing to disclose their real agenda, which was now known to be that for which the United States was being wrongfully accused. This breaking of ranks spawned a contest of claim and counter-claim. Behind the scenes Kinsey was trying to break the lock-jam of insult Ping-Pong without personal intervention, by a negotiated appearance of Sadat’s hidden General at a United Nations court of appeal. Although the initial response was frosty, Kinsey reminded Sadat that he was the first to express concern and the Americans had done the honourable thing in cleansing their own government. “This was also a risky business for me, to snowball your allegations from utter bizarreness to credibility. I’m sure there is also mileage for the USAr being perceived as instrumental in overseeing integrity. China will eventually lose this case and much influence with it. You should consider this Mr. Sadat, where danger lurks – there is opportunity in the vicinity for those who can see it.”
********
The broader human population on Mars had become a little uneasy about the deteriorating situation in ‘diplomatic’ relations with Earth. This had not been helped by the potential destabilising effect of the spat between the USA and China. They were nervous times. The Council was also suffering loss of confidence – it had been perceived as weak in allowing the rift with Mars to escalate. Logan was the antithesis to Xiang; he created chaos rather than calm or stability. His ‘blowhard’ persona had been exposed repeatedly. He was however not someone who would resign. The political and diplomatic shambles was too good an opportunity to miss for his required exit, but they needed a successor in the wings, in order to avoid the creation of a speculative vacuum.
Various names were aired to fit the modified profile. Earth now depended quite heavily on trade with Mars and it was felt that someone who had a basic understanding and experience of the Martian psyche would be helpful. They also wanted a strong interface with the big five to offset a return to a culture of unilateral interests. They deliberated over the five becoming six, as the European Bloc had finally begun to overcome the excesses of wasted decades of the Brussels-led politically correct era. President Cheverry had managed to galvanise the disparate nations to a common consent to tear up the old Lisbon Treaty and re-establish a sensible balance of local and national representation.
He was proposed as Chief Executive with the Assistant’s role being offered to Anatoly Rebrov, the Commander of the Darwin mission to Mars in 2034. There was pragmatism in such a blend, but it would also shift the political/technical relationship to deal with the hard line governments such as China. They were both sounded out and when agreement had been reached Logan was dispatched without ceremony.
This was good news for Martians too, Carvalho in particular. Both new incumbents had pencilled in a visit to Mars in the near future. It would allow Cheverry to see his daughter at long last, and Rebrov was itching to see the new propulsion research.
********
Evander had transmitted his request to his father via Ayrton de Santos and received the anticipated encouragement to fulfill his ambitions. It would be one of Cheverry’s first tasks on Mars, to assure the young man that his extended stay was a valuable investment for Earth science.
The progress of the QSD unit was slow yet rewarding, though not entirely without frustration, most of which was down to Evander’s perfectionist attitude. Sevicek and Yamamoto were continually asking for mock field testing of components. Evander was stringently expressing the view that they would fail, he didn’t need to test them in that way, they were simply lacking accuracy. His lack of practical experience was cited as unhelpful. Eventually Carvalho privately suggested to him that it might be good psychology to waive his objection so that the others could grasp the margin of failure. They were obviously not capable of visualising it the way he did. The young man shrugged his shoulders in mystified compliance. Red and Dan helped by admitting they knew how he felt and that he was correct in his insistence on more precision.
The promise of a thaw in the Earth-Mars relations caused Carvalho to abandon his position on weaponry for the little fleet. The number of craft would remain at five, including the one already operating. He decided to offer the existing one for the forthcoming visit of Cheverry and Rebrov. He could spare Dan to pilot this, as the QSD progress rate would allow it. This was a much appreciated gesture and had the advantage of limiting the visitors to two. If Sabine was well enough the whole Cheverry family could travel back to Earth in the next Earth shuttle. This was also part of his thinking, insofar as it would ensure a reasonably good grounding in Mars society instead of the habitual whistle-stop tour.

 
Chapter 20

When President Cheverry saw his wife and daughter he was informed about the unorthodox procedure by Madame, and it took some time before he fully understood the reasons for her need to decide in haste. It became a little clearer when Sabine addressed him in English. She was far from fluent but that would happen within weeks; she barely knew fifty words in English prior to the switching of the box. According to her mother she was devouring all kinds of information from the Echus libraries. She had requested lessons in the Axis written language as she was fascinated by their incredible journey. Armand Cheverry put his concerns into perspective. He was well aware that this news would be controversial if it was disclosed now. On the other hand his daughter had moved from a terminal condition to one of outstanding promise.
Rebrov was excited to meet up with Carvalho again. “Dan brought us up to date during the journey. This QSD research looks to have real promise. It will be a shot in the arm for propulsion development on Earth – that is, if we are still talking to one another.”
Carvalho expressed his relief that the Council had seen the merit of drafting Mars expertise into the executive. “I only hope this Cheverry guy complements this decision with an objective handling of the five.”
Rebrov was optimistic. “I have followed his career from the moment he took over the mess that was the EU. He slowly but firmly weeded out the parasites and trough feeders. He is currently on the brink of taking the big five to six, yet he has accepted this remit with the Council, on the eve of his greatest achievement. I know he will be objective and he has the political nous to deal with the renegade elements of governments. I am really looking forward to working with him and the Martian charter.”
This was a relief for Carvalho. “Ok let’s introduce you to all the think-tank members, including Evander and Jet. The Axis capabilities might be just what it takes to make this QSD theory work.”
The second message from Epsilon Eridani had come through. It had been received fractionally ahead of expectation and contained a log of the most recent contact information from Gliese, which indicated they were busy trying to install the new technique.
The situation in Epsilon Eridani was good. They had made significant progress in medical research to improve the immunity of the remaining organic node constituents to the various hazards on their planet. Unlike the Axis in the solar system there had been no request to allow termination, but they still craved procreation. Apparently the Gliese based Axis had discovered materials and methods to improve existing data handling devices by massive leaps. The common denominator was, however, the issue of their redundant reproductive systems. The latest updates for the new communication technology were appended. The Mars-based Axis were discussing whether the advance in data handling would lead to more radical means of data encryption which would allow further improvements to the transmission speed. They seemed to be interested in this because the communication had also indicated that the Gliese planet had the most favourable environmental living conditions and the Epsilon Eridani population would consider going there but for the lack of safe means of transport.
Stella and Pascal 2 were trawling databases for the most up-to-date research on human cloning and stem cell modification. They were aware that some papers on these subjects had been censored or truncated in view of new laws and increasing protest. The stem cell avenue was of most interest, the cloning aspect was purely for descriptions of methodology and lab conditions conducive to success. As they were concentrating on embryos they felt this was valid indirect research. They expected to see minute changes between humans who settled on Mars and those born there. The data already existed but it had not been collated and presented in this way before. The small statistical population of Mars, now sixty two thousand plus, would require caution in claiming correlation or trends in these comparisons, unless they were irrefutable. The stem cell work performed on Mars since the pioneering days of 2035 had an even lower statistical significance, primarily because almost all migrants were declared to be models of health as a condition of passage. The very low incidence of procedures mainly involved treatment of conditions such as developed cancer and diabetes. That was why Earth records were valuable. They were both agreed that stem cell design would be the main thrust of practical work, while data was accumulated on the genetic transfer to offspring. That was underpinned by the assertion from Doc and Mac that the Axis still had the potential for benefit from designer cells for their remaining organic nodes.
 Cheverry asked to meet Carvalho for a private discussion. He had mulled over his return in terms of timing and agenda. “Commander, I know I’m scheduled to return via the inbound Earth shuttle, but since witnessing my daughter’s progress I would like to change that. Having discussed the situation with my family we’d like Sabine and her mother to remain here for a while. I feel if we are to progress such compassionate procedures on Earth I must be honest in declaring this one when I get back. That would I believe carry a risk to the family, it’s sad but that is how it is in the society we live in. I need to face this down before they do return, and in that respect I’m asking a favour of you. Can you take me back instead of waiting for the shuttle?”
Carvalho appreciated how difficult the decision must have been for him and agreed to personally pilot him to Earth. “We can spend the journey getting a feel for one another’s objectives and hopefully build up accord.”
“I am truly grateful for this gesture. Would it help if Rebrov stayed on past the next shuttle? I think it would be helpful for him and the Council to have an on-site perspective of Mars while we consider some of the policy revisions which I have in mind, and they are desperately needed.” Carvalho was hopeful this man could help restore respect between the two societies.
********
The stand-off between China and the USA was deepening and threatened to delay bringing Europe into the fold. The vacuum left by Logan’s departure and the new incumbents being on Mars didn’t help. De Santos was even more edgy than before. One specific item worried him continually. Since the kidnap, the red crystal had duly been returned to Beijing vaults. The legal case had been more advanced in China than elsewhere, even before their spat with the Americans. It was now in the process of submission as a unilateral action. There were also rumours circulating about a backup plan to seize it if the legal action failed. The uneasy truth was of course that with Beijing being located within Chinese sovereign territory, it would not be a difficult task to execute enforced surrender of Scarlet O’Hara. The Security personnel and Intelligence garrisons would be swept aside without much protest.
This concern cascaded to the political will the leaderless Council would be able to summon, to resist the legal threat. He had witnessed the posturing before; the committee mentality was so hard-wired into these people that consensus almost seemed like failure to them. They preferred the tortuous route of ‘Procrastination Avenue’ to ‘Unanimity Boulevard’, with little regard for time or external actions which could render their voting obsolete. De Santos was not a risk taker, so it was quite a surprise that he took it upon himself to transmit the need for action to Cheverry.
Hal Devonshire had asked Kinsey to go to Beijing to assess the situation while he tried to rally the other nations to avoid being distracted from the process of delivering entry of the EB (European Bloc) to the ‘Inner Sanctum’. His message was that it was even more important in view of the fracture of Chinese-American relations and the legal challenge by China. Devonshire was not having the initial impact he would have liked when he took the call from Sadat. “After long deliberation we have asked our guest General from China to throw some light on the allegations and counter-allegations from both your government and the Chinese. He is understandably nervous but realises that this may be a crucial moment for the world, and his own country’s place in it. He first reported this to us weeks ago and I passed a summary of what he revealed to Mr. Kinsey. He is now ready to appeal to all of his countrymen, and particularly the army, to force the regime to back down from their denials. He has listed the other military personnel who can confirm what he has said. He does not want that list to be revealed unless there is no other way to stop the invasion of North Korea. He does however fervently believe that the UN owes it to the rest of the world to give the North Koreans an ultimatum on the nuclear disarmament issue. Failure to comply would then give legitimacy for military intervention by UN forces.”
“Is he prepared to deliver this to the world in a personal broadcast from the USAr?”
“Yes, but he would like some assurance of coordinated response as a condition of doing so. I can see his point. Can I leave it with you? It should help get the EB back in focus.”
“Yes of course, and thank you for your part in this Mr. Sadat.”
********
When the think-tank resumed with Rebrov included, the request startled everyone. Yamamoto referred to the ongoing production of the fleet. “Why can’t we use one of these craft to test our prototype? That is, when Evander is happy of course. If we wait until we have designed and constructed a leviathan like the Axis ships for mass transport, and something goes wrong, the time and material cost will be punitive. Our target could be the Axis settlement on Europa. It wouldn’t take long to get there, it is charted by both humans and Axis, and unless I’m mistaken there may be other messages there, as the Epsilon Eridani guys would only have sent them here if they didn’t receive a reply from Europa. So, how long did they wait, and has Fav sent any messages to them which may not have arrived there yet? The reason I ask this is because there may be direct messages from the Gliese system with more detail on the improved data handling paradigm claim. It’s surely worth checking out.” He was smart enough to know the Axis on Mars would support this. “The engineering aspects would have to be checked carefully to see if the prototype will fit the existing structure of the fleet craft or if changes are needed. Come on guys, this has the possibility of multiple payoffs.”
The muted support was to be referred to Carvalho. Evander looked as if something was troubling him. He later explained that it was the current design capacity of only three personnel. “At present we need Dan to be the control interface, and the Axis will want to go. Who will make up the crew?” He was adamant that someone who really understood the concept should be included. He would have preferred a vessel with much greater personnel capacity.

 
Chapter 21

Carvalho and Cheverry were nearing the space elevator. The Commander had agreed with Yamamoto’s logic but also accepted Evander’s point in the event of problems and being stranded. He asked for the QSD carrier vessel to be revised to accommodate five people. This would take another two months but he felt this was not critical in the overall timescale.
While Cheverry was getting up to speed on the impending appearance of the Chinese General on TV, following Hal Devonshire’s efforts to whip the UN into their tortoise-paced action, Carvalho was left with the opportunity to meet Kinsey. The American was also keen to meet as he had by then discovered the Symbiant’s involvement in the kidnap was not Logan’s brainchild. Carvalho was keen to know how they would protect Evander if, hypothetically, it had been made clear that his father may at some time want him to return. Although he was winning new friends in the physics community since the Seaborgium Oxy-chloride discovery, he was still legally a minor. Kinsey was equally concerned. He jokingly said, “A few of those Symbiants would be handy. The Brazilian authorities are helpful but are besieged by corruption. It is unlikely they would agree to pass him into someone else’s care. What about taking his family to Mars, if they would go?”
“I think that might be interpreted the wrong way unless they volunteered themselves. I merely bring this up because as you know better than I do, that there is tension between nations here as well as between Earth and Mars.” It was not lost on Carvalho that Kinsey was currently operating out of Beijing and the American was careful to avoid discussing the Commander’s observation.
 It was unexpected. Carvalho had not picked up on this during his trip with Cheverry. The new Chief Executive had infused terror into the rest of the committee by issuing an ultimatum to China, and the General had yet to make his broadcast. Cheverry wanted it that way, to have the final impact, if all else failed. His speech was succinct and left no room for buying time. He started with a scathing criticism of North Korea. He also understood the feelings of both China and South Korea, both having borders with the unruly neighbours. He even expressed some understanding of misguided American participation in wanting to see the UN nuclear accord respected. He didn’t have any sympathy for the UN itself. They had demonstrated vigilance but nothing else other than rhetoric, and were part of the problem. “We at the Council for Human Exploration are charged with improving the options for mankind’s survival over the long term. It is therefore with regret that we feel we have to stray into politics to preserve that aim. We recommend the following immediate actions.
1.	America withdraws from any involvement in Korea.
2.	China limits its own action to repatriating migrants who penetrate their border.
3.	South Korea does the same.
4.	The UN delivers a fixed deadline for decommissioning and inspection of the requisite nuclear warheads.
If any of these specific actions are not implemented we further recommend the respective consequences.
1.	Mars suspends trading with America.
2.	Mars suspends trading with China and they face expulsion from the current five.
3.	South Korea faces UN sanctions, and the trade licence with Mars is revoked.
4.	North Korea is subject to a world trade embargo, followed by temporary occupation to allow UN-led enforcement to decommission the warheads.
If this list of repercussions fails, the Council for Human Exploration disbands and the Martian cooperation is lost. These proposals may seem draconian to some. They are offered solely to avoid decades of effort and investment being squandered, and the ‘Salvation’ programme initiated in 2033 being butchered by the species who inaugurated it. Finally there is a broadcast planned to categorise the recent allegations over the Korean plans, into absolute truths and lies. If assurances are not received to accept the first list of proposals, the broadcast goes ahead. The second list of proposals is then effective. Failure to achieve a satisfactory level of support will then trigger dissolution of this Council.”
Cheverry had taken all sides by surprise to avoid more fence-sitting. Carvalho’s inclusion on behalf of Mars was no different, but he at least saw the merit in banging heads together. He wasn’t sure that everyone would see it that way. The Council members themselves were first to respond over non-consultation. The delegation was simply asked if they agreed or disagreed with the proposals. If they agreed he would apologise in good time, but crisis management was just that – time was not a luxury. If they did not agree with the proposals they were asked to say so and he would not have to be fired, he would walk. They had to have their period of reflection, in other words to see how it was received elsewhere. He had gambled on this too. The other recipients from whom a response was demanded would perceive this as unanimity in the Council, and make their judgements on that basis. The broadcast would only go ahead if Sadat had a signal from Kinsey to do so. Cheverry had been busy.
Carvalho could now appreciate Rebrov’s confidence in this man, and it became obvious how he had dragged a virtually bankrupt EU into the real world. He pondered the timing of his return. He would exercise flexibility; it may be beneficial to stick around to see initial reaction.
********
A discussion within the ‘reproduction team’ branched off unintentionally into the semantic conveyance of procreation to each species. It was not frivolous, more to ascertain weighting factors of the populations in general with regard to family, spiritual beliefs, and forces or instincts of natural selection. It emanated from Doc, and his particular objectivity as a totally synthetic being. The programming feat which produced him had unconsciously instilled a desire to ‘belong’. He was not showing emotional discontent, it was more akin to ambition. It was not necessarily focussed on sexual partners or offspring, just something which he felt he did not have. He cited the Axis trauma of almost disastrously achieving with science what the gas giants were threatening with cosmic aberration. That feeling of futility light years away from the catastrophe had haunted them for millions of years. “I believe that this longing for procreation being satisfied, may not be as fulfilling as they expect. Individuals have to die and resultant generations achieve distance from the direct experience to slowly extinguish the longing and replace it with more positive personal goals. Merely having more offspring will placate only part of the anger and guilt.” He suggested that the human situation was different as they were not yet facing sterility except by their own hand. He wondered if they really needed to reverse engineer their reproductive system, or seek relative immortality just to service objectives of interstellar exploration. The new proposals for this were going to be far less demanding of their physiology than first expected, so ‘why fix it if it ain’t broke?’ His main thrust was that from a vantage point of a sentient, immortal being, he embraced the concept of death, as it would give more meaning to his life. It would focus on satisfying the longings within the maturing period and a balance of inherited experience would pass to any offspring - if only he was capable of having any. He wondered if this made sense to the gathering, bearing in mind this was ‘easy for him to say’.
Pascal 2 could not repress a ‘kindred smile’. Mac’s colour display betrayed his feelings of agreement without having to offer further confirmation. Stella and Scillacci declined immediate comment by mannerisms rather than speech, and the silence prevailed. It seemed to have created a pleasant paralysis when Pascal 2 suggested a break.
Doc was semi-apologetic when they re-convened. “I did not mean to be critical of our objective. I wanted to consider the benefits and weaknesses of the component targets, compared to simply trying to correct malfunctions. It occurred to me that the Axis situation represents a deeply wounded species, and humans only think they feel unsettled. Superimposing my own perceived ‘Utopian’ existence adds caution. Maybe we need to concentrate all initial research on restoring only Axis reproduction capacity while they wrestle with immortality. Remember, after much debate about this prior to meeting humans, then a change of mind by some, a total rethink caused me to be designed. There is some illogical component in that sequence. In the meantime human progression has some way to go and therefore some time to reflect before confronting such crossroads.” After the meeting Scillacci beckoned Pascal 2 and Stella.
“This all sounds quite logical and yet takes in emotional considerations. My question is about Sabine; where will this kind of synthesised ‘cross breeding’ stand when her modification is no longer a closely guarded secret? I would have thought the Axis would be most interested in such a possibility, as they are already synthetic in the sphere department and would not have hang-ups about enhancement.”
The others acknowledged this observation, and that it would possibly clash with Doc’s suggestion to invite the grim reaper into the cultural mix.
********
The cracks began to appear. South Korea believed they could sustain their own border integrity without American help. They certainly did not want to lose a trade licence and joined the condemnation of the UN. They went a step further and questioned why they had continued to subscribe to this toothless fraternity. America then had no reason to resist the proposals and also put the boot into the UN. The Chinese were as usual in favour of small steps, especially if they were concessions. They started with a tirade of accusations at the UN, for completely abrogating their responsibilities. This situation would not have arisen but for that. They were campaigning for a heavy rap over the knuckles for this ‘eunuch’. The Chinese delegate to the five called Cheverry. “Mr Chief Executive, we are grateful for your intervention. It has reminded us that we must extract more from these UN people or withdraw our subscription. We will support your initiative to do that.”
“That is good to hear but we would like all parties to commit to the proposals. In your case we need the assurance that there will be no other action against North Korea than defending your borders. This way we will force the UN to belatedly take responsibility. A retraction of certain denials over the American position in the Korean plans would also help transparency for contributions to UN peacekeeping forces. The broadcast may embarrass you if it needs to go ahead.”
The Chinese delegate stalled but promised a second call before a final position was expressed. They knew their General had gone AWOL and could now guess he was the broadcast, but wrongly assumed it would be from America. It was a classic case of what is to be gained compared to what will be lost, and whether there will be another time to make the original gains if this concessionary route did not deliver. The call came barely two hours after the conclusion of the first one. “Mr. Cheverry, we have agreed with your proposal. The one caveat is in regard to potential failure of suitable UN intervention. I am merely pointing out the obvious; if this plan of yours does not succeed we still have to deal with the Korean problem and it will not require American troops. We do not acknowledge that our denials of American insinuations were unjust. This was not part of your proposal, and is a request we cannot comply with. You must decide if this broadcast will prejudice your proposal or otherwise.”
This was good enough. Any lingering doubts the Council executive had were brushed aside and the UN were to be approached for their reaction to the plan now that the others were on board. The anticipated UN posturing was accommodated by Cheverry just long enough for the interruption to be considered as impatient rather than rude. “Yes, believe me, I do sympathise with all the complexities you have enumerated, but this does nothing to dilute the tension of a situation which could lead to nuclear strikes. I put it to you that this is exactly the kind of mediation your organisation was conceived for, rather than debate the interminable statements of intent, which have possibly been taken forward to a resolution, which in turn is awaiting ratification before proceeding to a form of words which will offend nobody. Oh incidentally, by this time they will also be guaranteed to have no impact on the issue whatsoever. The deadline must be agreed or you are now solely to blame for any encouragement that this would give to North Korea to intensify the problem. There is also the mood of the nations who have already agreed to the plan to consider their future contribution or continued membership. I fear you are presiding over whether you have anything to offer anymore - anachronistic judgement awaits, the danger does not.”

 
Chapter 22

It had to happen sooner rather than later, even in the midst of the ongoing dragooning of the UN. Cheverry had to disclose the truth about Sabine’s operation, true to character he preferred to avoid deluding himself that there would be a better time. It would not derail the progress so far and he wanted it out of the way. It was more likely to affect his perception in the public eye about his relationship with Mars as well as his leanings on ethical boundaries. He informed Carvalho and suggested he held back making it public on Mars until he was to deliver the news to the Council.
Carvalho was pleased that he stayed on. This man had the hallmarks of the strong leadership which had been missing in the short period since Xiang’s passing. Carvalho had offered to deliver his own take on the decision which Madame Cheverry had to make, but it was gratefully put on hold.
The new C.E. of the invigorated council said he may need more tangible support from Mars on other issues in the not too distant future. It was pledged and with that accord Carvalho wanted to contact Karl Koppelt to thank him personally for setting up the connection with Sadat. De Santos apologised. “I’m terribly sorry Commander - you must not have been informed. Mr. Koppelt passed away last week at his home in Switzerland. A transmission of a message he sent to us just prior to his death was forwarded for your personal attention. It must have crossed with your visit here.” Carvalho made preparations to leave.
As he was prohibited by safety considerations from making the trip alone he thought about the options. There would be a long list of migrant applications. Instead of plucking the one at the top of the list he wondered about re-uniting Reuben de la Cruz with his son, not as a migrant but on the same compassionate short stay basis as the Cheverry family. This was also justification of the need for several independent Martian craft. As this would take a few days to formalise he transmitted the need to lift the blackout of the procedure Pascal 2 had carried out on Sabine. Alex 2 was asked to make the community at large aware of this to fit with Cheverry’s announcement.
********
When it did ricochet around both planets the reaction was predictably different. On Earth it fuelled both sides of the divide on medical ethics, but gained Cheverry respect in being open about it in a personal address and not dodging the difficult questions. Together with his swift action in the Korean crisis his standing in opinion polls improved markedly. It did ultimately have an indirect watering down of the ethics lobby protest. On Mars it was hailed as a mercy miracle and unsurprisingly inspired one radical suggestion. Yamamoto wanted to have this ‘treatment’. It was the first time the ethical dilemma had reared its head in their society. This uncertainty was distinctly in the human camp. The Symbiants had no gain to consider, and the Axis interest was currently only at fascination level about the potential it had to offer.
Stella and Scilacci were inundated with requests to see the little girl who had been saved by the operation. They had to give thought to using the medium of TV to satisfy the clamour and minimise exhaustion for Sabine. The young lady herself was thrilled and said she would be confident about her English, but also wanted to make visual aids for the Axis in their own symbols. She had developed a sufficiently rudimentary understanding of that language to enlist Symbiant assistance to prepare them.
Finn’s report of a mini-eruption in the chasm almost went unnoticed, but not quite. A large crack had widened suddenly to allow lava to spew into the chasm bed. It had not lasted more than a few minutes but had partially covered seven screens and obliterated two others. At the point of the eruption the chasm floor was raised several feet by the cooling lava. Finn advised creating more boreholes and enlarging the existing ones after some rock-splitting and analysis of the emergent lava.
********
The UN had been humbled into what they considered a foolhardy timescale, but for others it was more like one of Nero’s longer concertos for the violin. Their pleas to world governments to assign troops to the ‘Korean Question’ were pledged in overwhelming numbers and jolted them further from their comfort zone. At least this got the hermit North Korean hierarchy to buy time by asking for a diplomatic summit with them. The five reacted by insisting on being represented, to avoid the Corinthian culture of the UN being hoodwinked into a plethora of empty pledges. The EB was to sit in too, reflecting the proportion of military backup it had offered. Cheverry was vindicated by his sheer doggedness in seeing this through. He asked for Rebrov to return to help author a new chapter of Earth-Mars ambitions. He had also managed to settle De Santos without ever knowing there was a problem.
Kinsey was relieved enough at the tension reduction to return home, but only after making an official inspection of the returned crystal. Unlike the boffins in Beijing he checked every single container. He brought De Santos to explain variations in the appearance of roughly thirteen containers. It was an almost insignificant quantity but something or someone appeared to have tampered with them.
The labelling indicated that they were all from Earth origin and analysis showed evidence of layers of what appeared to be ‘fossilised’ bacteria. There was good evidence historically that certain bacteria could survive inactivity, even in space, for long periods. The worrying element here was that in the short period the crystal was not chilled, there were tell-tale signs of some amorphous re-crystallisation. It was not yet known if there had been interaction.
De Santos said he would draft in expert microbiologists to examine the samples and contact Alex 2 to see if there was historical information of their replication and any advice he may have.
********
When Yamamoto was asked why he was so keen to have a hybrid box he replied honestly, “Why are any of us here? We all have in one way or another dared to leave Earth when billions won’t. The call of new frontiers is not too common now, but when it happens, you either respond or decline. Nobody has queried why we want to test out the QSD technology, yet it has more potential to kill us by failure than the technique which actually saved the child’s life. I am attracted to an opportunity to understand as much, and more than Evander does about cosmology, to improve my memory and data recall to a much higher order. I’m not considering this because it also potentially gives me a brain of greater longevity than the one I have. I would want this even if the reverse was true. It’s about quality of life, not quantity. We all have our different opinions on what constitutes quality, mine is maximising my comprehension of whatever is out there.”
This was seen by the Martian TV audience, including Scillacci, and she remarked to Stella, “I didn’t expect my prediction of this to surface so soon, and Yamamoto has thought rationally about it. Commander Carvalho could be riding into a storm.”
Alex 2 responded to De Santos immediately. “Indeed we have interacted with microorganisms on Mars and most were brief and of little significance. However there were instances in which the bacteria would show instant promise, and subsequent alteration of their infection (or survival techniques from their position) of other primitive species. We can’t say for certain, but this may have caused extinction of lines of evolution which could have developed into much more promising and complex life forms. We cannot exclude the scourge of Legionella which afflicted the Axis and caused their retreat to Europa. There is historical record of our interaction with Legionella but the mechanism of their virulence billions of years later with the Axis is too sketchy to assess what contribution later mutations had. In summary you cannot ignore the head start we gave them, even if it appeared minor at the time. I suggest after your experts conclude their evaluation, you destroy the contaminated samples in the hottest furnace available.”
********
Carvalho and Reuben de la Cruz were on their way and it proved to be a very enjoyable journey. The Commander was more relaxed about Earth relations now and Reuben demonstrated an extremely rounded knowledge in classical history and basic sciences. It was easy to see how this patient man with no formal education had recognised the need to ensure his son did not miss out. He was also a very unassuming man, and surprisingly it was always Carvalho who brought up Evander’s name. “Don’t you wish he was back with you and the rest of your family?”
“Of course, but he has been frustrated by not being taken as seriously as he would like by Earth physicists. He feels his age is used as a buffer to exclude him from certain fraternities. I can’t comment on the validity of his claims, as the subject matter is beyond me, but he is obviously enjoying a meaningful relationship with your people, and for me his happiness comes first. I am sure he will return sometime; hopefully this will not result in another situation like the kidnap.”
Carvalho responded sympathetically. “He is well respected on Mars, not just by his Earth peers but the Symbiants and Axis science specialists. I have to tell you that such an accolade from the Symbiants is rare, and I know how stimulating the interaction has been for Evander. Although it may appear selfish we would love him to stay as long as he wants; he’s making a hell of a contribution. This will not go unnoticed by those on Earth who have downplayed his theories.”
Reuben was almost embarrassed with pride in this testimonial for the young man who had spent much of his short life surviving the perils of shanty town lawlessness.
********
Yamamoto’s declaration had provoked much discussion on Mars and most of it was not angled to whether or not such techniques should be allowed, but to who should qualify for them. It was accepted that some would not wish to avail of the transitory novelty of becoming a genius. It could then be a potential fork in the evolutionary development of the population. Although it may be perceived as distant ‘threat’, the origin of separation into sub-species could be in the process of being sculptured here and now. It did have the effect of ascribing escalating importance to the data collection by the team studying reproductive mechanism and genetic conference. It also had the makings of fostering a ‘schizophrenic’ society if it was not handled in a transparent way. This was true of the human contingent but did not yet factor in the Axis population.

 
Chapter 23

With the pledges in place the UN duly stipulated a deadline for inspection in N. Korea. The other implication of this clearly carried a refusal to meet the Korean delegation, as they had previously requested. It did not go down well. The dictator maintained that this would not have happened with other fledgling nuclear powers and therefore they declared the inspection invalid. The political tennis continued for several weeks and this precipitated China to act over the increasing number of refugees pouring over the border. Interrogation of these unfortunates revealed practices of torture inflicted for non-conformance to state laws. The claim was, that apart from the ‘laws’ being unjust, they were introduced in such quick succession and without detailed explanation that nobody knew they were contravening them. Instead of returning these people China changed tactics. They insisted the UN came to see for themselves the atrocities the North Koreans were handing out to their own people.
A side strategy to this was the granting of a corridor of protected territory for these new conscripts to the Chinese army. The message soon spread back to their homeland and the outflow intensified.
The UN reports confirmed that the time had come for the regime to be checked in more ways than warheads. Troops under their command and requisite air/naval backup arrived. This thrust would be from South Korea and the Chinese were granted independent control of their regular armed forces plus the trained refugees from the Northern Korean border. The problem for the North Koreans was the assistance and local knowledge offered to this incursion by the revolutionary mood of disillusioned citizens. It spread like wildfire and the eventual result would have two possible outcomes. The dictator would convince his closest security forces of the absolute need to discharge nuclear warheads on the mutinous plebs or he would be assassinated to bring the occupation to an end.
********
Stella was convinced that the human reproductive system would take generations to begin to respond to even substantial genetic code insertions. Natural selection worked by tiny steps over long periods. She therefore proposed to Scillacci and Pascal 2 that they should examine ways of programming stem cells with more powerful ability to react to specific stimuli and accelerate mutation. They would then be employed at the interface with code modifications.
The research would be compatible with finding a reliable template for grafting into the Axis physiology, to respond more quickly to any new ‘restoration’ breakthrough they applied.
Pascal 2 agreed. He felt that extrapolation of logic to the mechanisms of human gene transfer, would mean that initial offspring of parents with and without code change would probably result in minute measurable effects in the targeted characteristics, even though the other attributes could follow normal processes.
Colour of hair, facial features and skin pigmentation would be largely unaffected in the result. The reproductive equipment would, at generation 1, possibly only inherit partial deviation from parents. He concurred with Stella’s theory that highly responsive stem cells would encourage the closest approximation to the capabilities of the functions of the modified genes. “It would also be more acceptable to those of your species who worry about ‘replacing your humanity’. It becomes a learning module instead of an alien implant.” Scillacci was not convinced, yet receptive to the research direction.
The modified five-seat craft was progressing well and Evander was happier with the latest efforts to achieve the necessary precision for the QSD project. He was actually coming round to the idea of a ‘short’ trip to Europa and hopefully back again.
The whole Martian spearhead – technical, medical and social was the talk of the domes, restaurants, libraries and the urban centres of Valles Marineris, Utopia Planitia and Echus Chasma. That was until Finn’s lava rocks which had been regurgitated from deep inside Mars had been analysed. Those which had survived transformation to liquid within the lava contained pockets of Carbon. When the news broke that it was a certain form which sparkled, it was slightly unfortunate that an irresponsible journalist immediately reported the find to Earth. Mars did not need the sleazy commercial impact of readily available diamonds in the Chasm. It had the potential to change the relationship between the planets indefinitely. The very least it would do was attract avaricious, shamelessly self-centred individuals to apply for migration under false identities. It would also be a difficult task to avoid splintering of the meritocracy on Mars; some would see an opportunity to return to Earth with an investment haul to set them up for life. The net migration balance could change dramatically. The means of getting to the bottom of the Chasm and back would tap the ingenuity of humans, and the time down there finding the sparklers in the solidified lava would risk exposure to further eruptions.
********
There was apparently a third alternative in North Korea. Their top military junta of an increasingly restless army requested the leaders of the invading pincer forces to assist in a bloodless coup. The dictator was already detained in a secure underground location and his future would be in the hands of an international court of inquiry. It all sounded too good to be true. The UN coalition forces were winning the conflict hands down and it would see an accelerated conclusion. It was Kinsey and Devonshire who raised the question of who was in control of the warhead launch procedures. These military leaders were negotiating for immunity from prosecution by delivering their leader on a plate. If they didn’t get that they could sign off with nuclear strikes. It was felt to be a precarious situation. The advice was heeded and there was a request to meet these brokers to discuss terms in exchange for subsequent, secure air passage through the conflict zone.
Ayrton de Santos had wasted no time calling in the microbe expertise. The general conclusion was that there was no discernable mutation of the bacteria in the samples of Scarlet. They were split on whether it was necessary to destroy what was essentially a life form to get rid of a few bacteria. De Santos thanked them and returned the containers to the cold vault.
********
Carvalho and Reuben de la Cruz arrived to an unprecedented Martian media reception. The journalist who had acted independently was criticised by his peers for the unilateral act of sensationalism, which was universally described as one of moronic selfishness. Until now the society on Mars had witnessed almost zero crime, and even then the recorded incidents were trivial. There had been no need for a ‘police force’.
Reuben was still taking in the landscape which no TV or photographs could really capture with the same impact. Out of the crowd stepped Evander and the emotional reunion was complete. There was the ‘official’ part to get through before they would have time alone, and Reuben simply could not take in all the names of those individuals to whom his son introduced him. Carvalho had other pressing matters but said they would only be discussed when the De la Cruz family had escaped the spotlight.
The first item he wanted more detail on was the discovery of the presence of diamonds in the Chasm. When he was told that Alex 2 had posted two Symbiants to patrol the lava extrusion area in shifts, he was a little calmer. The request of Yamamoto had not been withdrawn and had to be considered. The stem cell research proposal needed ratification. Both should have Axis input. The first trials of the QSD unit were looming. He was also acutely aware of the clamour for more information on the tinderbox which was North Korea. All of this had to be prioritised but there was one Martian event on which he had not yet been briefed. It would not change the pecking order of the others but it would introduce another perspective to his vision of the future. Stella was pretty certain she was pregnant.
He suffered a temporary loss of context; who he was and how this had all come about. The opposite and equal Newtonian reaction gave new perspective to the priorities he had just inherited. For decades he had been in a position of influence and responsibility, personal sacrifice and evaluation of the big picture. It felt strange to have the ‘addiction’ somewhat marginalised by this unashamedly personal joy. It did have the effect of resurrecting one of his most effective principles of management. ‘Do not turn a decision into a problem’. It prompted him to ask Stella to live with him.
In tackling the mix of Martian decisions and problems he initially met with Alex 2 and Fav. He began by expressing the view that all of the items in their own way could affect the relationship with Earth. “It is the one outside our ability of influence which may have the most devastating short term disruption. The North Korean problem we can only monitor and react accordingly. I believe the interplanetary news is the best way for our citizens to maintain interest. What more can you tell me about the diamond find?”
Fav replied, “We have increased data now from the geothermal orbiter, and there are considerably higher numbers of hotspots than when we were last here 555 years ago. The one in Candor Chasm also appears more active than Finn anticipated. This of course does not directly relate to presence of this particular form of carbon.”
Carvalho asked their views on ‘management’ of the situation. Fav was not aware of the potential the human race had for killing one another over such materialistic ambition. “If we can get Alex 2’s guards to extract more rocks, and confine the testing knowledge to Nielsen, we may be able to diffuse the interest by ‘disappointment’ that the strike appears to be an isolated find. We will need much more careful scrutiny of migrants even if this ploy diminishes the number of bounty hunters. I’m sorry but I have to ask you both to keep me up to date with any increase in reported attempts to find diamonds by groups or individuals already on Mars. I’m hoping, more than expecting this issue will not force us into considering law enforcement of the Earth variety.”
They acknowledged the fragility which the whole community would inherit if humans fractured the trust because of personal greed. They moved on to Yamamoto’s request. It was more difficult than simply endorsing a policy of free choice. It could be, depending on the data collection and analysis of the next fifty years, a huge success or an unmitigated disaster in terms of a cohesive society. It was complicated by a factor which had been anticipated. The Axis section was physically dependent on human research to improve their slim chance of restoring their reproductive ability. Having been through many phases of transplant practice, their society had dealt with it in a more coherent fashion than humans were expected to manage. Even so, they weren’t all of the same opinion on the benefits. The recent declaration by Doc had found sympathy with many of them. Embracing death had almost become an evangelical desire. This simple request from Yamamoto had the power to cause multi-faceted demands from both races. A clear and unequivocal ‘yes or no’ was not possible yet, but it was highly unlikely that anything was about to happen to make it easier in the medium term. One thing was certain, whenever such a request was granted it would create a fork in the social homogeneity in one or both species’ evolutionary path. This was clearly not just a decision. To avoid turning it into a problem it almost demanded a type of referendum. The contemplation of a police force and a referendum in the same day did not sit well.
The research direction with stem cells gave the option to ask for delay on the Yamamoto case for two obvious reasons. It could theoretically overtake the box as a more natural enhancement technique, and the inability of the box to pass on genetic adaptation to offspring needed careful deliberation for any volunteers. Secondly, the Axis community was not split over the priority if a simple choice was on the ballot. Procreation would win every time. It was a decision to endorse and resource that research.
Finally the QSD trials were mostly anticipated with wonder by a minority. The rest were getting on with settling on this planet, not contemplating moving house again so soon. The logic applied to the Axis and human population. There were some quarters of concern about what exactly success of mastering interstellar travel would mean for them. It was however felt important to avail of the knowledge, and limit the horizon at present to Europa. The date was agreed.

 
Chapter 24

The N. Korean chief of staff, Kim Hun-Yeong, had accepted the invitation of the UN. Accompanied by three subordinates, he arrived at the designated point in the occupied territory. It was quickly established that the dictator’s state security arm numbered several thousand, and they had the initial activation codes for the warheads. The man himself was supposedly the only one in possession of the confirmatory codes. Kim however believed this to be a convenient myth, as it was one of the intelligence division staff of the state security who designed and implemented them. The security people and the military did not see eye-to-eye on many issues. The inhumane treatment of the populous was fashioned by the dictator but carried out by security forces. The army had been gradually moving toward a coup prior to this conflict but could never get the dictator isolated from them. When the incursions began these security people retreated into an ever tighter ring of the Capital with their leader. “We then knew our chance would come. It was however, actually handed to us after all this time. Security insisted on him being kept in a well-fortified and remote bunker which was known to only a few people. We were asked to relocate him there and await further instruction. We reported a fake ‘espionage’ event, saying that someone must have leaked information, as a special operations unit raid was able to extract him and disappear into the night. We protested at the Security Arm’s decision to implement this strategy and saddle the Military with what should have been their responsibility. We added that it was our prime responsibility to contain the conflict and we were stretched to the limit. We are supposedly cooperating with them in looking for him. They do not know we are here, but will suspect something if we do not return very quickly. We can currently guarantee you that we will cease our military defence and the dictator will be handed to you. We cannot guarantee what the Security Chief will do with regard to the warheads. However if we are to retain any kind of stability after you achieve complete occupation we need to avoid starting an open conflict with our security people or that could well set off a chain reaction to what you are trying to avoid. We must find a way to continue the deception until you can perform your neutralisation of their headquarters. We would have to arrange to be betrayed by another leak. The element of surprise is with you, we can give you the coordinates and then we would suggest taking them out with missiles. We assure you that we will not activate intercept protocols. Gentlemen, we have no flexibility here if there is to be an infrastructure left to begin rebuilding a humane regime. It is your decision.”
The UN bought this only because the alternatives looked bleak, even if military control was achieved, at the price of some foreign city and its residents being annihilated by a crazy loyalist of the dictator. The coordinates were handed over and they were assured that if the target security H.Q. was levelled by a night strike, the codes for the warheads would evaporate with them. Kim assured them that as of now they would begin pulling their forces back from the front.
********
The date for the Europa trial had to take in the alignment of the planetary bodies. The distance, depending upon their individual orbital positions could be anywhere between 344 and 744 million miles. At ‘velocity’ close to the speed of light this would reflect a journey of some 31-67 minutes. So in terms of time it was not a significant difference. The position of other planets, moons, comets and asteroids had to be checked against this straight line route, and if there were any on intercept course they would have to break the straight line by dropping out of QSD and detour to a new direct course. The first consideration was the asteroid belt. This doughnut shaped rock pile was estimated to be 67 million miles thick. Many unmanned craft and probes had passed through this region without coming near to a collision but it was still too much of a gamble. The Axis charts accumulated on the journeys between the two bodies indicated that the statistical mean inter-asteroid distance was probably similar to that of the Earth and its Moon. None of this type of data could eliminate the risk and nobody knew what would happen to the solid bodies during the distortion process. It was decided to break the straight line by hurdling over the doughnut fence and opt for the two-stage journey. The exercise did illustrate the myriad of calculations required for such voyages.
The five selected to go did not contain any real surprises. Yamamoto, Jet, Red, Evander, and Dan employed as the interface. Red was nominally in command as he could conduct technobabble with the interface. The others were hopefully relegated to being observers.
 The two Symbiants guarding and ‘mining’ the lava eruption in the Chasm had unfortunately unearthed diamond clusters in significant quantities and size. They were to be stored in a maximum security vault which the Axis had agreed to fabricate from some of their more impregnable materials and with complicated symbol access codes. The media were kept out of this agreement. The Axis did not really understand the fascination even though it had been explained several times. They had come across diamond before and used it in a purely functional sense but found other ‘alloys’ of naturally occurring materials and synthetic modifiers were superior. Their confusion lay in the human value ascribed to it as a symbol of affluence.
 The thrust on stem cell research could benefit from laboratory species which multiplied very quickly and offered multiple generations within a few years. This was considered to be a possible way of confirming the theory of stepwise transference of change more quickly. It should then be possible to record behavioural change, to a discernable altered state in the offspring. They needed to know if this was valid, and if not, a different approach would be required. The problem was importation of a suitable species from Earth and the containment or return of the increasing numbers. It was Scillacci who gave it the name of ‘Frankenstein Pest’. They decided an escape-proof exclusive domain would be necessary. The Axis offered information about an unused excavation for an intended hydrogen capture plant which had been shelved. It was remote and could be made into a prison/fortress depending on whether you were looking in or out. The choice of species could exacerbate the already daunting task of getting Earth to agree to this, especially when the ultimate purpose was revealed.
 Stella had not taken long to join Carvalho in Marineris Central. It mutated from a rumour on Mars to headline news on Earth. There was the predictable criticism from some, over such a leader setting an example of non-matrimonial co-habitation. It was not all from Earth. It was also yet more idiosyncratic fodder for the Symbiants and Axis to digest. When it was obvious to others that Stella was pregnant the ripples receded, at least on Mars.
 The tension surrounding the launch of the QSD craft was one which was totally predictable. Analogous in some respects to the design of the parachute, it could only really be tested fully in its intended medium. The parachute developed from multiple disastrous opening failures, to very reliable precision landings on a saddled horse, through design improvements generated by fatalities. This partially explained the crew’s relative body language of excitement, fear and confidence, in varying amplitudes as pre-flight checks registered. Once Dan was hooked up irregularities were harmonised to conformance and it was time. The gathered crowd wasn’t sure what to expect in terms of visuals on special screens. The craft was high enough in the ionosphere to make it difficult to see with the naked eye. The layman’s point of view had been condensed to one of two possibilities – instantaneous disappearance followed by either telemetric success or oblivion.
Dan verified sequence initiation, then parameters locked, and finally but suddenly trajectory confirmed. It was then a different experience for each species within the crew. It was a surreal visual interpretation by the human eye. The Axis seemed to resolve the imagery into frames with frequent blanks. Red had less distortion but ‘sensed’ through his sentinel cell/tiered registry slight displacement of time. They all resisted trying to discuss this as Dan was spewing out values and criteria which were out of specified range then correcting this by declaring conformance. It took 13 minutes to reach the prescribed way point and the craft dropped out of QSD.
The people on Mars greeted the report of success on stage one as a bit of a non-event and some even dispersed.
There was a planned break at the way point. Dan concluded that the flirtation between out of tolerance and conformance was a concern for long travel periods. He described his part of corrective loop modification as something he had heard humans describe. It was more like LSD than QSD; he thought it might be an equally addictive experience. “It must be close to data assimilation Nirvana.”
The break was very short but did give a breathtaking overview of the asteroid belt. It seemed as if they were hovering over a monstrous but silent motorway with millions of differing sized vehicles along thousands of lanes, without any collisions.
The re-engagement of QSD propelled Europa toward them and it arrived in fractionally over twenty-three minutes. While Dan was achieving final data upload and Red was preparing for normal thrust orbit insertion manoeuvres, Jet was asked to keep visual attention on the surface for familiar landmarks in case the conventional electronics had been affected by the journey of the ‘station to the train’. He also asked for timepiece synchronisation repeat checks to compare with those on Mars when they returned.
Separation was achieved and Jet confirmed the terrain for landing corresponded well to expectation. The descent was uneventful and still the only two individuals not to speak were the humans. Evander was preoccupied with Dan’s assertion of problems with long journeys, and ascribed it to better control requirement of generation and amplification uniformity of gravity A waves. It was puzzling to him however as to how such a finite need for precision could ‘almost work perfectly’. He had been confident it either worked or it did not. Yamamoto was still recovering from an introspective comparison. This transposition of over 352 million miles had taken less time than his schoolboy journey from one Tokyo high speed train stop to the other. He would soon revert to norm.

 
Chapter 25

The Korean Security H.Q. had been flattened but the information coming from Kim was not good. The top official had been in hospital visiting his sick mother at the time of the strike and had subsequently disappeared. It was unlikely that he had the codes on his person, and probable that they had been destroyed but they could not rule out backup at his home, in a secure government deposit facility, or even the possibility that he memorised them. This would be a nervous time and he would be sufficiently shaken to act irrationally. They had to find him. The UN did not disclose details directly to the contributing nations, but their forces knew something was up as they were proceeding unopposed to the Capital city.
*********
After much trawling for suitable candidates the first choice was Marsupial Dasyurus Viverrinus. The two deciding factors were its potential genetic overlap with the original Axis template, and it had a gestation period of 8-14 days. When Pascal 2 asked if the women thought there would be full cooperation on Earth they both shook their heads. “Pity, could they do the research we need on Earth if we submitted the plan?”
Scillacci was on the verge of laughing this off, when Stella remarked that one of the features of their reproduction was that it was very common for many more young to be conceived, than there was room for them in the pouch. When this was coupled with an important parental involvement with the young, it could be argued as compassionate. “It’s a long shot but worth a try. We would need someone there to espouse this aspect, to allow a few to come here. The converted hydrogen plant would cater for many generations and they would have no predators.”
They would ask Carvalho to consider this. The Axis leader was particularly enthusiastic and this could also be seen as reciprocal help for their massive contribution to Martian and Earth industrial infrastructure.
********
The news of the diamond discovery had more than quadrupled the applications for migration, and they had already been excessive. Forged documents had almost become an industry rather than a clandestine operation. Scrutiny had deteriorated even further – the agency responsible was creaking under the weight and it began to get ugly when processing by Mars was slowed by lack of time to discuss individual cases with Earth counterparts. A halt was called by Carvalho until he could recruit additional experienced people in this kind of screening from Earth. There was a labour shortage in every facet of Martian expansion. If they could not avail of these extra personnel he would reserve the right to alter the desired profile of candidacy significantly. Although he knew this would buy a little time he was not prepared for the outcry it actually caused on both planets.
********
The descent to Europa had ‘broken the dream’ and they were covering the terrain very carefully on foot. It was not too far to an entrance to the Axis underground city. Once Jet had entered codes and access was available they were confronted with another example of scale the Axis had engineered into this abandoned metropolis. It was much more sophisticated than anything on Mars and was ridiculously large for the seven hundred occupants it used to have. When asked about this Jet’s reply was quite graphic. “At the time we were suffering from the emotional withdrawal from Mars, and we had been given hope that our people in Gliese had made a breakthrough, which could restore our ability to procreate. After scaling up their trials the Gliese Axis found that over 97% of offspring delivered were still-born. It was not an infection or malfunction of the reproductive process alone, it was a case of the embryos having functions missing. The remaining 3% lived as disfigured young for no more than a few days. As you can imagine, during the time we were waiting for schematics to arrive over that distance – more than twenty four years, we had built a city of the future.”
The sadness was absorbed by the whole group. They followed Jet slowly to the nearest message receiver complex and after further authenticity checks he turned and smiled at Yamamoto. “You were absolutely correct Kipchoge; we do have much more detailed information on the data processing breakthrough than we received on Mars, from Epsilon Eridani. There is also Astrometric data here to show.... no, it cannot be true. Excuse me please I cannot..” They could see from the intense bright yellow colour display that this must be even better news. It was indeed but it was also news, part of which they could have had from current human cosmic databases. The Gliese Axis had summoned up more ‘courage’ than the others to build large radio telescopes and study the Cosmos again. Perhaps their relatively favourable planet ecology and atmosphere had fostered more curiosity than despair compared to their brethren, especially the Martian variety. The readings they had sent were not really a surprise to the others. The gas giants in 55 Cancri had slightly different orbits compared to what they knew three million years ago. The Gliese Axis had not reported this until they were certain that the new orbits were, although eccentric, stable over many cycles. They had felt sufficiently confident that the cataclysmic events during the wormhole opening, and colossal release of energy, must have affected these planetary bodies. The message went on to say something which Earth science could not be certain about. Nexus was still there and had a much steadier orbit than before. It wasn’t possible to be more precise at this stage; they would apply their new data technology to building a ring of massive telescopes, with a radius of two thousand miles and link the output to harmonise the data to simulate a telescope dish of such proportion. If it was described by the Gliese Axis as massive, the others knew it would be big. With the new Epsilon Eridani communication system they would be able to offer more frequent updates. This fantastic news was going to put more strain on Martian staffing of projects and this one could well be about to increase in priority. The Earth database was never accessed by the Axis as it was not set up to compare current information with the instability of three million years ago. Nobody had made the link until now. The destruction of Nexus was an ‘assumed fact’.
The ghost town was very interesting considering the relative time periods the Axis had been on Mars compared to Europa. Although everything was deactivated there was far more sophistication in transport, art, cultivation of geometric shaped plants from Nexus, and everyday maintenance robots which looked more like humans than Axis. All ‘entertainment’ complexes were communal rather than individual. This included computing, libraries, image creation etc. which were annexes of the impressive education establishments. They had steam rooms, fountains and the lighting was automatically dimmed and brightened to simulate day and night. The energy for all this was a mix of nuclear and geothermal sources. Jet wanted to take a couple of library sources of the ‘false dawn’ procreation technical detail and conclusions for Pascal 2, Stella and Scillacci. He thought it might help avoid further disappointment.
They left orbit and returned by the same route. On checking their timepieces there was the anticipated difference with Mars clocks which equated exactly to the time of the trip. The reception back at Marineris Central was much more upbeat than the departure. The news of successful near light-speed travel without physiology tinkering was a very strong card to deliver to Earth.
********
North Korea was effectively under occupation by UN forces. The Head of Security was still in hiding and this was the only reason for holding back on announcement of installation of a North Korean temporary military governing body, supported by UN officials. This was not satisfactory, as the people wanted to know what was going on, particularly with the dictator. They had to hold the declaration until all silos contained only disabled warheads, and this was a slow meticulous process. It was nearing completion, but unknown to the comparatively loose new military command structure, one of the maintenance men was, although carrying accreditation, also a zealous supporter of the previous regime. He had agreed to cause a distraction while the heavily disguised Head of Security initiated launch of at least one warhead. The zealot compromised multiple warning circuits and the alarm chorus was deafening. Panic ensued and the man with the codes slipped through. He intended to deliver a message and a warhead to Seoul.
********
The information Jet handed to Pascal 2 would require translation by the Symbiant. It did provide highly specific information even if it was on what should be avoided. The most useful part was the research which should have been more thorough on the connectivity of the reproductive organ management to the node control protocols. It stopped short of making guesses at what might have worked. It was strange that this had never been mentioned by either Doc or Mac, especially as the former was a walking encyclopaedia on all things Axis medical. The answer arrived almost as they asked the question. The Mars Axis had consciously programmed out of Doc’s architecture the episode which had finally crushed their hope. There was one other area which could be important. The statistical data showed over a very long period of time, since the proximity of two events, the reproductive organs themselves had changed. The events unsurprisingly, were the radiation sterility era and the ‘age of the sphere’. The organs had reduced in size and component structure. The male organs had virtually disappeared and the accessibility to ‘eggs’ was shrunken in the female and would be obstructive to ‘male swimmers’. The repetitive changing of spheres and carcasses every 555 years did nothing but reinforce this trend.
********
Carvalho transmitted on to Cheverry the good news about QSD transport to Europa, but left the Gliese message with the Axis for now. This was purely out of respect for the Axis and to give time for them to digest the fallout from it. The Commander instinctively asked how Earth had taken the news about Sabine’s hybrid box. “I hope your fears over her safety have not materialised.”
The Frenchman found it hard to gauge the mood of the protest lobbies right now as their eye had been taken off the ball by forecasts of crop failures and crippling synthetic food price increases. Carvalho asked if he was prepared to front the Mars request for a limited number of Marsupial Dasyurus Viverrinus. “We’re excited about restoring the Axis procreation potential and these mammals will help significantly. It comes at a good time insofar as we have passed phase one of QSD travel without considering human modification; both Yamamoto and Evander as yet have no side effects. You mention possible food shortages. Another observation on Europa shows the Axis technology has more capabilities in this branch than we thought. They were only on Mars for about three thousand years and the city on Europa makes their Martian achievements, which impressed us, look like a kid’s attempt to build a campsite. I remember when we first invited them to return to Mars they highlighted one of their requests for more variety in their food than during their Martian spell, which was exclusively cellulose. We didn’t realise then that this was for assistance in providing raw material and not technology. They have means on Europa to lower synthetic food costs drastically on Earth. As we have a meritocracy here we haven’t focussed on cost. I see this as a chance to improve relations by helping one another, or am I being naive?”
Cheverry welcomed this as a very positive reminder for certain Earth attitudes of what can be delivered by rational investment off-world. “Thank you Commander, I will get back to you on the Marsupi....., I dislike acronyms but can we make this an exception and refer to them as MDVs?”

 
Chapter 26

He felt he could handle the adverse reaction his re-classification of migrant standards had received on Earth, but the disquiet on Mars was a concern. The objections were mainly centred on the work/leisure ratio. Compared to when they first arrived most migrants had seen a diminishing amount of time spent with their families. The project lists had increased dramatically and the workers felt they needed an influx of labour, albeit of the right calibre, to restore family life. It was, after all, in a meritocracy, not a case of more work – more financial reward. Carvalho could see the argument and pledged to review the temporary on-hold status. This did carry risk of undesirables squeezing through the net and had the prospect of a ‘policing culture’ arising by default. He stressed this point, and said if it did arise the people should remember that it had been predicted as a possible consequence of relaxed immigration criteria. The waiting list already required more than eighty-eight Colossus trips, and it was expected to continue to grow.
********
The panic in the silo did not prevent a call to Kim Hun-Yeong to apprise him of the multiple alarm warnings and the concern that they might have been deliberately triggered. There was camera evidence of a maintenance man at that control section at the time of the warnings. He was being interviewed as they spoke. “Sir, we cannot get any information from this man, this is behaviour which his superior claims is not normal. The Section Leader believes the various alarms should have had specific intervals related to their functional output and build-up of dangerous conditions. We have initiated checking out all personnel in the silo and all exits are secure. If the Section Head is correct in his assessment, resetting the warning data feeds should indicate they were manually triggered and that would mean they pose no risk in themselves. However if this was deliberate it raises the probability of a saboteur.”
Kim was sufficiently detached from the scenes of panic to consider that there had never been such an incident before and this one was almost immediately after the Security H.Q. had been taken out. He asked his subordinate to save precious time by abandoning interviews and simply herd all personnel into neutral areas. Then the interviews could resume. By this time the saboteur had been able to input the array of codes necessary for opening the silo doors, raising the warheads, setting targets and activation of firing response software. The countdown had started to include detonation parameters. The Section Leader was now relaxed about being ushered into an interview area. Unknown to him the maintenance man had not discriminated in the alarm sections he triggered and some of the functions would be restored before others, thus affecting the saboteur’s intended input.
The panic intensified when the silo doors opened and people began climbing out of the mayhem. The Section Leader reported to Kim’s subordinate that there must be sabotage, as override controls were locked out. “Sir, we have to assume now that we can’t stop this launch sequence in time and we do not know its destination so... just a moment... our Electronics Chief has determined it is intended for the capital of South Korea. We must warn them. We have been advised our last chance is to break into the hardware complex and destroy the entire interface with the software.”
One of the saboteur’s many inputs that would be ignored by the system would cause interruption of certain implementation sequences but not others. Kim was transfixed. Would Seoul have enough time to scramble intercept missiles, and if they could, where would the problem be exported to? He asked his subordinate, “Do you know which specific functions are still active and unstoppable, and which are not capable of being reset to default?”
“We are currently on that task Sir, as there is a time lag from alarm initiation to acceptance of reset protocol. Because of cascaded system checks, our man has so far found it difficult to break these automatic loops. We are concentrating all manpower not required for guarding personnel to breaking into and disabling the hardware. This is however not without risk, and the Section Leader cannot supervise both activities simultaneously.”
At missile velocity it was a short trip to Seoul as this silo was near the border. Information was trickling in on the functions disabled unintentionally by the maintenance man, and the destruction of the hardware fortress had been delayed by the need to find employees with retina recognition authority clearance. Explosives were out of the question and brute force was painfully slow. Kim’s subordinate was trying to coordinate this frenzy of activity. “Sir, we may have to evacuate the silo, time is our enemy now. I realise this means our saboteur will be presented with a chance to escape, but I will endeavour to.....”
The line went dead after what sounded like static bursts. The warhead had detonated. The coordinates input priority had been unavailable to the saboteur after the bungling of his maintenance man, and he had opted for a time to detonation, unaffected by other sequenced parameters.
Although this was a ‘remote’ area for North Korea, the population density was sufficient to account for deaths of hundreds of thousands of civilians. Even greater numbers were badly injured, and unknown proportion would perish with radiation burns and sickness.
There would be questioning by the people, even those at the most severe receiving end of the dictator’s whims, as to whether this sacrifice could ever be justified for this method of getting rid of him. In contrast, the well-publicised efforts of North Korea’s military to neutralise the warhead, and give advance warning to prevent it effectively destroying their neighbour’s capital, had a profound influence on relations of the two countries. It would become a beacon for the two nations to herald an era of understanding, tolerance and re-construction. The wider global emphasis on such cooperation began to overtake entrenched agendas and religious differences. It would not last forever but it was not to be a wasted lesson.
The relationship between the planets would see more coherent strategy outlined for a while. Although it could be viewed as a cynical piggyback ride on sentiment, it would also allow the MDV campaign by Cheverry to gain approval. This period would not witness a reduction in the migration applications, quite the reverse, the nuclear catastrophe, whoever was to blame, had managed to make people seriously afraid, and caused the existing mistrust in government to enter a new stage of fragility.
********
The Korean experience prodded the remaining members of Reuben’s family to enlist for aspirant Martian citizenship. This was good news for Evander as he had only bad recent memories of Earth. He was an accepted member of a stimulating group and there was meaningful work to do instead of trying to merely prove or disprove abstract concepts.
Sabine was also progressing well. She was beginning to be able to converse in Axis ‘click’ and spent much of her time in their libraries. Her human school curriculum was no challenge and she could complete two hours homework in less than twenty minutes. She was beginning to show interest in Evander’s project. The most intriguing aspect of her promise was her rudimentary ability to understand some technobabble via a link to one or other of the Symbiants who were conversing.
The ‘farm’ for the MDVs had been constructed and the first arrivals were eagerly anticipated. The Axis had re-configured some of their own food output production to emulate the Terran diet, which they preferred.
The suggested improvements in QSD gravity A waves were proving elusive and it was decided to concentrate more effort on construction and evaluation of the Epsilon Eridani communication rig concurrent with the Gliese data breakthrough.
The Martian population was now approximately seventy thousand and although the self-generating oxygen level had not reached optimum for humans it was breathable in short spells. It had progressed to highs of eleven percent, as this was commensurate with the recent volcanic activity creating more water from trapped ice. This cyclical treadmill was capable of creating but not sustaining small clouds.
It occurred to Scillacci after looking through the data on gradual change of the Axis reproductive organs, that nobody had really thought of them as male or female. This was partly due to their translated names and abbreviations. Far Vision (Fav) and Always Precise (Al) gave humans no indication and they had never asked. They would have to do this if the project was to proceed to voluntary treatments. It would be helpful just to know the ratio of male to female individuals and the normal number of young per birth, when they were fertile. This could be important because the MDVs, as the chosen species to study, had multiple young per birth. The DNA comparison needed to be made at the outset.

 
Chapter 27

Stella and Carvalho had decided not to know the sex of their first child. She was going to ease off the workload at the hospital and spend more time on the MDV project, leading up to the birth. Scillacci had agreed to cover her normal duties at the neurosciences wing and was assisted by a new arrival from Earth – Jonathan Munro, an ambitious young surgeon from the Isle of Skye, off the west coast of Scotland. His reputation was chequered, he was considered as academically brilliant but almost dismissive of moral roadblocks which he considered as derived from human spiritual self-delusion. He would enjoy some interesting discussions with Scillacci.
********
The more stringent checks on migrant applications had identified many irregularities from the passport biometric chips. Most were people with a good reason to elude law enforcement officers and a few were so desperate to improve their prospects they had spent their life savings on forged documents. One individual had caused the system to display a match to someone registered by Interpol. Further detail was requested via the menu and there was a link to Kinsey. The individual ‘corresponded’ to a person who had recently died. He was detained, while Kinsey was alerted, and the photo, plus other details were transmitted. The man was more nervous than disappointed. Kinsey’s checks confirmed that one of the henchmen of the Caracas duo who organised Evander’s kidnap had since been officially registered as deceased. The certificate was issued only weeks after his escape from the Brazilian prison, and was stamped with the ‘official’ Caracas registrar’s seal. Kinsey was on the next available plane.
The UN personnel in North Korea were now mainly aid workers. The response from around the globe had been phenomenal. Medical care was under strain despite South Korea and China opening their hospitals to the needy. Many of the dead were only registered as such because they were missing and had been so close to the blast that they must have been vaporised. The injured, and those with radiation sickness, were moved as far from the fallout zone as their condition and logistics would allow. The nation most generous in their contribution towards social recovery was Japan, whose reminders of the Hiroshima and Nagasaki events were hard-wired into their response, even though there were no living witnesses of the actual atrocities. It was a truly bizarre paradox that those who were at the forefront of condemnation of North Korean foreign policy were at the heart of the aid and reconstruction effort.
********
The pictures which did get transmitted to Mars were sobering enough for the humans, but the effect on the Symbiants and Axis was one of utter and absolute confusion. Neither species could begin to reconcile this incident with the reported chain of events leading up to it. They wanted to understand more about it, to hopefully fit it into their previous knowledge of humanity. Carvalho couldn’t help. His shame registered more with the Axis and their accidental genocide on Nexus, but Alex 2 could only admit to further decline in interest in helping humans. He quietly stated that the position he had rescinded some time ago about not returning to Earth, should be re-instated. Carvalho agreed with him this time around.
The MDVs had actually conceived during the flight. The females had been treated in order to display more frequent mating scent, and the males had been kept busy. It had been planned but they had become unruly and two males had perished as a result of competing for the pleasure. It was as well they were nearing orbit.
********
Kinsey arrived and viewed the detainee through a one way glass partition, but did not recognise the individual. He had brought all relevant Brazilian interview data and photos which were of the alleged deceased. The confiscated passport showed evidence of tampering, and clever forgery, but they had not been able to, or thought they did not need to do anything with the chip. Kinsey had confirmed with the Brazilians that the original owner of the passport had been deleted from their criminal database and this applied to other South American countries including the subject’s own, Venezuela. Because the Brazilians were absolutely sure that the body they saw when it was recovered in Caracas was genuine, Kinsey assumed a hit was the most likely explanation. Having appeared after a jailbreak and then used for extraction of information about the elusive head duo, would have flagged him as a conspicuous liability. The question facing Kinsey was whether this meant the new owner of the passport was working for the Caracas consortium. It would have been necessary to allow the passport to be available to Caracas and Brazilian police for verification of the death, before returning it to his family. He needed to get one of his people to tease this out of his family. First however, he needed to check their bank accounts for any unusual deposits.
While he waited for this he felt it was worth providing the Beijing authorities with questions for a second interrogation, while he continued his voyeuristic assessment. The man had claimed to be joining an old friend on Mars during the first interview. Now he was asked to give details of this friend so that this could be checked with Mars. It was put in such a way as to make him think there may have been a technical glitch in the passport biometric readout. They had to be sure that’s all it was, and the quickest way was to get his friend to vouch for him. If it depended on debugging the passport chip it could take weeks. Anyway this would be done retrospectively by holding on to his passport and it would be forwarded to Mars when the fault was rectified. The man looked relieved and gave the name of his friend.
Kinsey had confirmation of significant deposits spread across the family members’ accounts, so he called off his men without alerting the family to his suspicions. He decided to ask Carvalho’s cooperation in running the entire ring to account rather than take this detainee out of it. It would also help identify further Martian diamond prospectors. They allowed the suspect to migrate. Carvalho saw the sense in this but realised it was the next step to a police or intelligence organisation on Mars. It would also reinforce the unpromising trend of humanity from the increasingly critical eye of the Continuance.
Kinsey had conveyed to the Commander his feeling of connection to the money men behind Evander’s kidnap, and the possibility they were after crystal and diamonds. It would be worth Carvalho’s people keeping a discreet surveillance on the detainee’s nominated friend who had vouched for him.
********
The MDVs were transferred to their domain. The Axis had done a great job in preparing the habitat. It had been decorated with familiar items such as plants, and a water feature. Colour displays of the Axis variety were dotted about and subtle background sounds played at random intervals. These sounds varied from simulated insects and birds to passages of Axis clicking. There was an outdoor pen which would be available for short periods in the thin but breathable atmosphere.
The female which had become pregnant was about to deliver and when she had fully recovered she would be sedated for the ‘bits’ of genetic code insertion. Pascal 2 would perform the procedure, and she would hopefully become the most intelligent MDV in history, and have offspring to compare with the ones she had just delivered.
Stella was nearing that time herself and Carvalho was becoming more nervous by the day. He wondered what his parents would have made of this grandchild being born on another planet. He reflected on whether he would have been here at all if his father had not been the victim of an air disaster prior to his ambition of walking on another world. He rewound his memory even further and recalled his grandfather repeatedly saying, ‘We have no control over our allotted time; we can only decide what to do with it’. What would he think now that humans were teetering on the brink of immortality, at the same time as the Axis race was contemplating the reverse journey?
 
Chapter 28

Two years had passed since Daniel Carvalho’s son was born, and Stella was pregnant again. Little Fernando had been given his grandfather’s name. Daniel had never been so content despite the massive changes these two years had brought.
He was no longer ‘Commander’. The import of some of the window-dressings of democracy had fostered elections. His first election had been accompanied by the title of Guardian. There was an elected structure reporting to him and the populous, with no other career function.
The population had almost doubled and now stood at one hundred and thirty-two thousand. The immigration system had become porous to ‘undesirables’ and the predicted Police Department had emerged. Diamond prospecting was voted as legal.
The planetary conditions had also moved on. The oxygen level gain was tapering now but had reached 14.7%. This gaseous environment had its own vote on how things would change direction. Humans only needed to carry emergency breathing masks as their respiratory systems had begun to accommodate lower levels than Earth. Some Axis individuals however, were beginning to sporadically lose balance because of the enrichment of the vital gas. Ecological shifts had seen mean temperature increases, and although daytime often achieved ten degrees Celsius peaks, night never got above zero. Clouds produced the odd drizzle patch of a couple of minutes and water was beginning to settle in lower ground in small quantities. These were the forerunners of streams and maybe rivers.
The trend, particularly the temperature rise caused the Symbiants to offer a warning. The red crystal shell on the outside of the domes would soon begin to ‘dust’, as the threshold of amorphous transformation approached. As the dust storms were lower in intensity if not frequency, and the Axis technology had gifted them superior construction facility, it would be prudent to take down the domes and move the crystal to cold, secure storage. This was a sad but sensible suggestion. The Symbiants were once more astonished at the human clinging, sentimental nature in the face of logical alternatives. For those humans who had planted the first colonisation seeds this was emotionally traumatic. These domes saved equipment and lives during those early dust storms. If there had not been the danger of accidental replication and a new market for the stuff, they would have been voted to be protected structures.
Other areas of change included the construction and operation of the Epsilon Eridani communication system and the fantastic data handling package from Gliese. This meant that frequent updates were possible and none more important than the progress on Axis reproduction related studies on Mars. The ring of gigantic telescopes was feeding data which would help chart the space between the four locations in much greater detail. Four because Nexus had not only survived but amongst the ‘noise’ emanating from that direction were faint signatures of radio waves. Because of this the other Axis outposts were hungry for information on the QSD progress.
It was not disappointing news they were sent. Evander had managed to convince the doubters that the amplification aspect of the gravity A waves was optimised and it was frequency modulation which caused Dan’s concern about long periods of operational stability. The proposed changes had placed unprecedented demands on Axis abilities, but they all knew by the lack of critical comment from the Symbiants that it would work, long before they confirmed it by several round trips to Europa. Each trip brought technology enhancing cargo to Mars. The landscape – visual, ecological and political had moved in ‘tectonic’ proportion.
 On Earth the change was just as important. The Korean disaster was in a moderately advanced stage of infrastructure repair. This particular holocaust had changed the shape of world politics, religious tolerance and had also rejuvenated desires to reel in consumerism. It was said that these idealistic distillates from such wake-up calls had historically only produced temporary solidarity. This macro pledge to finally legislate for such cultural responsibility was in stark contrast to the other end of the social scale. Criminal activity saw endless mutation to new ways of disenfranchising vulnerable people. It was a close second to the other war; the one in which the viral and bacterial onslaught was strategically out-gunning human defence. Although there was acceptance that at the point of a singularity the laws of ‘our’ physics broke down, there was also irony in a Darwinian law’s indisputable corroboration; the top species remaining on the planet was losing its grip on the interpretation of those laws. Mars was the acknowledged fountainhead. Natural selection and its constant demand for adaptability had become something which no longer applied to humans.
Kinsey had been correct; the ring on Mars led him to the head of the snake. The Caracas hub was operating out of Panama. Closing down the consortium eventually involved some two hundred and thirty personnel there and the five members of the Martian ring were deported back to face trial at the same time.
The changes on both planets were only a prelude to what lay ahead. This was as much due to the differing objectives of the Martian species as it was to the transference of Earthly ailments to Mars. The rapid population growth had brought harbingers of disease hitherto controllable on the now predominantly green planet. Just as the ecological trends had presented a favourable environment, the migration levels synchronously delivered the necessary fuel. There were budding colonies of insects and microbes appearing ‘out of nowhere’. They soon demanded deliberate import of predators. Only humans thought they had the divine right to manipulate the laws of natural selection in this way and be intransigent to their own increasing desire to outstrip any need to adapt.
The next election confused the other species, especially the Axis. They only expected their leaders to change if they had done something seriously wrong or died. The fascination for a new broom because of a perceived need for change was new to them. Carvalho was pretty sure the opinion polls were indicating such a crossroads. The fact that he was expecting to welcome a new family member into Martian life began to predominate his thinking. Discussing it with Stella, he decided to step down. He still wanted to be involved in the sciences, particularly propulsion, and he felt he had earned extra leisure time to enjoy life, in this rather pleasant place to live, in which he had been a key figure during its creation.
The research on MDVs had been quite a success story. The DNA overlap with the Axis was encouraging, and the study of the successive generations had indicated promising transference. Compared to the control group which had been unmodified, the mitochondrial population from the female with the code change had striking differences. There were obvious behavioural trends, but most interestingly there were clear signs of the ‘mutations’ progressively mimicking some inorganic architecture. Pascal 2 firmly believed that this would ultimately mean the function of engineered advances would be ‘absorbed’ into the organic structure. The parallel experiments with the ‘super stem cells’ with higher adaptability quotients had begun. They already indicated a compounding effect with offspring of the same female. It was time for Axis volunteers to have a Pascal 2 modification and to accept MDV reproductive marker cells plus super stem cell grafts. This would test out rejection criteria and feasibility of kick-starting recovery of their own damaged system. The super stem cells in this case were cultured from their own nodes.
All of this fermentation of physiological and social change dovetailed with the information about Nexus and QSD advance. The three way communication with their brethren resulted in new hope. They would work toward building a vessel, capable of taking those who wanted to return to the Homeworld.
Yamamoto had waited patiently for a ‘box implant’ but now that there was a call for volunteers from the Axis for fitting of Pascal 2 genetic codes, he wanted reconsideration of his own request. He also wanted it to be while Carvalho was still in office.
After many sessions with legal people, who seemed to breed quicker than the MDVs, it was sanctioned in a very convoluted form of words which basically said only two things. First there was no reverse procedure, and the understanding that this was a one-off concession, no further procedures could be granted until there was thorough evaluation of benefits and side effects. This was spelled out in legal jargon, employing four lawyers and 8,400 words.
This was rendered redundant after Pascal 2 had convinced the bureaucrats that the code approach was not only better, it was reversible. He claimed that as medical Symbiant he had retained the human physiological designs and data, although he did not employ them himself. He had developed a hybrid form of code which offered compatible insertion of Symbiant ‘genetic framework’ with the human nucleotide/codon counterpart. He claimed this would have more potential than the box and would have the additional advantage of transference to offspring. The procedure was set up. The Axis had many volunteers and proceeded without the need to consider red tape documentation.
The candidates to take over from Daniel Carvalho added to the declared intent of the Symbiants to concentrate efforts on the Axis. Torsten Kohler was one of the aforementioned lawyers and, Hendrick Koole had been the social director for Mars/Earth, continually travelling back and forth. He had only migrated permanently to the planet eight months ago to head up an entertainment chain. This was where his previous experience had been. The Symbiants could only interpret this as more bureaucracy and less progress. The new polls put Koole ahead.
Sabine and her mother had now started their journey back to Earth. She was not yet twelve but had prodigious talents in languages, music and science. Her father was sure the two years had dulled any lingering antagonism toward the ‘elite’ treatment, but encouraged her musical ability – he was still thinking as a politician.
 Two Axis volunteers were chosen, for each procedure of cerebral and reproduction code enhancement, and Yamamoto was scheduled immediately afterwards. Stella had been asked by Pascal 2 to document the latter. Doc and Mac would do likewise for their citizens. Scillacci had a more general interest and would watch all three. There were no complications and recovery of total consciousness from the milder anaesthetic was remarkably quick for the Axis. Yamamoto took much longer. There was a lot of interest from the populous and the media were already gathering to transmit to Earth live updates with the new speedy ‘Galaxy’ communication system.
Yamamoto was still drowsy the next morning but said he was fine. He could hear clicking in the next room. He remembered about the Axis and asked how they were doing. Pascal 2 said, “Ask them yourself.” He ushered them in. They displayed their colours and said they hoped he was feeling good. They told him that they had already had new sensations. “The first one was a realisation that we spoke to each other in your language. That does not normally happen; we revert to clicking between ourselves. This was no effort. We normally have to think about everything in your language. Pascal 2 says this is due to better data organisation.” The second volunteer added, “I am aware for the first time that my sphere is under-utilised. This is not a consideration I have come to, I actually feel it. It is very strange but not unpleasant.”
Yamamoto said he hoped he would also experience these changes in perception. Pascal 2 reminded him that the human brain was even more under-utilised than the Axis sphere. They wandered off for their first battery of tests.
Yamamoto was able to have visitors. The whole team arrived and was allowed to see him as a group as long as he promised to admit when he was tired. Nielsen simply said, “Well?”
“I honestly don’t yet feel what the Axis boys told me to expect, maybe it takes longer for us.” Red nodded and Yamamoto smiled. “I guess that is a bright yellow, in Axis colour code Red.” The Symbiant returned the smile.
Evander asked him when he was to be released. The patient replied, “They’ve told me there is a mountain of tests to do over the next couple of days, so we’ll see then.” Sevicek could not resist testing him with a memory-checker from a previous disagreement they had. Not only did he recall it but repeated it word for word and still insisted he was right. Sevicek was astonished.
Dan asked if he had slept well with the changed code, which could demand activity. He was about to reply when the Axis returned and were clicking as they entered. It was his first feeling of change, he understood snatches of it and he had given up trying to learn it over a year ago. The retrieval of things he already knew felt effortless. He now had higher expectations of being able to understand new concepts which had eluded him previously.
The group left him in good spirits and he kidded the two Symbiants that their secret language of technobabble was about to be exposed.
 
Chapter 29

When Carvalho came to the counting of the votes he was quite emotional about the handover process. His association with Mars had started three years before the historic Copernicus launch in 2033. It was all he had known for most of his life. It was not a case of retiring in the normal sense; he was just starting a family. He knew that there was basically no sentiment in politics, but this was Mars not Earth. It made him reflect on what had really been achieved here. Of course there was the technology and the pleasant red and green backdrop. The landmark discovery of not one but two new life forms was an experience to treasure, but one of them was contemplating moving away again and the other was likely to follow. He could not help feeling that just a little bit of the Axis decision reflected concern over the abstract imports from Earth. It became one of those ‘what if’ introspective moments for him. He hardly heard Koole announced as the new Guardian. He realised he was feeling sorry for himself and at least was able to wipe the self-indulgence away by recalling the reaction of the Axis people when they were invited to come and live on Mars. Next to the moment when he knew it had to be Stella, it was his favourite time on the planet. They were times of innocence and selflessness. They were the culmination of the pioneering of terraforming the planet, now they appeared to be terrorforming it.
He managed to get through an impromptu speech instead of the one he had prepared. When he shook hands with Koole it felt like he was asking him to cut the ribbon for the opening of a new supermarket. The emptiness would subside at a similar rate to grief at the passing of a friend.
Stella was aware of this and yet could not really help; it was an intensely personal thing. She knew that there were other ways in which she could encourage his energy and talent to fill part of the vacuum.
 The leader of the Epsilon Eridani Axis was frustrated at his technical organisation’s lack of progress to a testing date for the QSD vessel under construction. This was especially annoying when the Gliese fraternity had already performed this with success. The latter had reported a desire for over sixty percent now intent on a return to Nexus, with such a safe means of propulsion. This in turn produced a trumpet call for the Martian Axis. They had only prepared for some twenty-six individuals for the first trip, now they were inundated and the number had passed four hundred.
Alex 2 met with Carvalho and confirmed that the dome demolition had commenced and that the Symbiants involved would be responsible for transferring and guarding the crystal. “I also wanted to let you know that all members of the Continuance are saddened at your withdrawal from the leadership of your people on Mars. It is the closest interaction to friendship we have known. You have always demonstrated the promise we first encountered when Alex Redgrave was replicated, and you have always defended our position to your own species. It is doubly difficult for me to have to inform you that all Symbiants prefer to go with the Axis when they leave. I need not elaborate again on the criteria considered which led to this conclusion, but they are different when compared to the choice afforded to some of us when Copernicus and Darwin returned to Earth. Back then it did not seem to matter and we willingly complied with your suggestion. This does matter and it is a decision we hope you will respect.”
Carvalho had suffered a lot of emotional turmoil in recent days and yet he was always consoled by the presence and future plans for his family. This was somewhat different. The affinity he had forged with the Continuance would leave a more significant gap than merely ‘retiring’. “I’m for once lost for words. I suppose when I got used to you having been around for billions of years before you woke up to us, I expected you would always be around during my lifetime. All of a sudden the achievements on Mars which you have been largely responsible for, seem less important if you are going to leave them behind.”
Alex 2 smiled and tried to reassure him that they would still be able to contact one another. “Maybe some of the human population on Mars will want to take a step into the unknown with us. I have heard that Yamamoto is already talking to the Axis about this. Is it something you would consider?”
Carvalho took a deep breath. “If I was in Yamamoto’s position I certainly would, but that isn’t the case. Stella is pregnant and I must put her and Fernando first. I can’t see her wanting to take our family off on a forty something light year trip in such a confined environment. What kind of childhood would we be offering them? As exciting as it might be for all those like Yamamoto in our species, I must rule it out. I must also confess however, that I would have liked to see first-hand how the Axis procreation programme will end. It would in a strange way give me more satisfaction to see that restored than all of the technical ‘miracles’ we’ve presided over here.”
 One of Hendrick Koole’s first actions was to announce a major overhaul and investment in the entertainment ‘industry’. He didn’t specify what he meant by the word investment. It was difficult to think of it within a meritocracy in any other way than equating to effort and expertise. The numbers of migrants to fulfill his claims would be at the expense of continuing to tackle the deficit on accommodation and infrastructure of essentials. Entertainment was important for the social welfare and that lesson had been learned decades ago; it was not quite as important as getting the balance of skills right. He hadn’t figured the loss of the Symbiants into how many humans would be required just to match the current workload. It was worrying that it was such a popular policy.
Yamamoto had asked to see Evander for a one-on-one prior to his discharge from hospital. The two of them talked about the Axis plans to leave and the implications for transport. Evander updated him. “The communications from their other domains have claimed reliable evidence of radio wave output from Nexus. They are convinced this means that there were survivors from the cataclysm three million years ago. If the orbits of all planets in 55 Cancri are as stable and accurate as the Gliese telescope ring suggests, it could well be true. The desire to return there from all three locations is now nearing unanimity. All Martian Axis will go, and the few remaining undecided in Epsilon Eridani look like following the trend. There is more reluctance from Gliese but we are still talking over ninety percent. Fav believes the clincher for total abandonment of all outposts will be success of the procreation programme. They feel that would make the long journey one of new purpose as well as closure over the historical miscalculation.” Yamamoto was keen to know more. “How will they transport them, many small vessels or a few bigger ones?”
Evander seemed edgy. “They are considering building an interstellar town.”
“What?”
“They believe, and that means all three communities, that they must treat this as a minimal social need. It is a strange argument but they say all the technical achievement over the last three million years has brought little lasting satisfaction. There is no other cause than correcting the errors of that time which could galvanise the species again. They will not listen to my concerns about scale – they accept my calculations, they just say they will be overcome.”
Yamamoto laughed. “You’re winding me up, right?”
“Not at all, the plans are serious. They have set a five year timescale and all locations have agreed to launch probes triangulated to Nexus. This will begin immediately and report back necessary information on obstacles where QSD dropout would be needed. The succeeding launches will be to give us an accurate means of determining the best departure time in terms of minimising the number of stops – a time dimension planner. I can’t get them to accept that if it isn’t possible to reach that scale of transport, five years or five million would make no difference.”
“So have you given up?”
“There are calculations which suggest the concept itself is valid, but the accuracy of the components and control mechanisms are out of reach. Building the town with its social amenities and artificial gravity is actually the easy part. It is similar in a way to Einstein’s difficulty being with the infinitesimal rather than the infinite.”
Yamamoto asked, “Could I see these calculations?”
“You don’t believe me?”
“No, of course I believe you; I’m fascinated by the challenge and I’m also keen to see if my decision to have this operation will prove to be the right one.”
The Axis volunteers (both female), who had been subjected to the MDV marker transplant and the super stem cell graft were under continuous monitoring for even the slightest change in data. After several weeks the stem cells had achieved improved compatibility levels with the marker and no problems were reported with their link up to the node. This pattern was expected to accelerate to a point where hormone treatment could begin. One of the females’ translated name was unusual, even for the Axis, ‘Pre-Sphere Cleric’ indicated her profession and it was then explained that they always changed from their given name at birth to one of their choice at reaching a maturity stage of life called the ‘Pssarr Vccejjk’ - for which there was no known translation. The Axis had chosen females with stringent criteria, as they were free to mate with many males but have a lasting relationship with only one. This was introduced long before the radiation scourge, because of an increase in male infertility related to a particular type of infection, for which there was no preventative medication. This was subsequently remedied - also well before the radiation damage. The period between the successful increase in birth rate and the Age of the Sphere was not long enough to foster a return to true monogamy, and the issue became irrelevant when the planet-wide radiation surge neutralised the species. They had experienced thousands of years of this ‘polygamous crusade’ and it had become an established social freedom. Scillacci said, “It would have been helpful to know this before we started the programme. We would have asked for more initial procedures to be considered, and especially males.”
 Stella had winkled out of Carvalho why he was a little downbeat and he was able to share his emotions in a way which he truly appreciated. She astonished him by saying that a lot of things could change in the planned five years to the rather ambitious project. “One of those changes could be that it takes twenty years. You may find Alex 2 and the others are here longer than they expect. We must find ways of absolutely maximising our time with them and that applies to the children too. By the way I found out accidentally today that the one about to arrive is another boy. I overheard one of the staff discussing the scans, nobody’s fault. So we may have another rocket engineer.”
A Martian ‘consortium’ had somehow gained inside information from the geothermal database which pointed them to a region of potential diamond presence. They had asked to be excused their normal duties for a prolonged period to check it out. It was the very first contentious decision facing Hendrick Koole.

 
Chapter 30

The second boy was given the name of Stella’s father, Rafael, and they decided to move from Marineris Central to accommodation on the outskirts of Echus Chasma. The children would have more space to play and Stella was close to the neurosciences wing. Carvalho was also close to the Symbiants who were now virtually all working with the Axis. The think-tank had also gravitated to this region. All of these considerations were positive factors, but there was one overriding negative which had precipitated the decision. Marineris Central had become unruly, the ‘policing’ was disorganised and naive. Diamond prospecting had been successful and its extraction was controlled exclusively by criminals who had breezed through the corrupt screening department. Koole was secretly threatened into compliance and informed that his demise would follow any defection to Earth.
The tipping point of lawlessness had been reached ridiculously quickly after Koole had approved the consortium’s gap vacation to find the diamonds. No one was surprised, and even Cheverry had admitted the migration should have been suspended until Koole was replaced. This would have to happen but the corruption networks needed to be dismantled first, and an effective law enforcement organisation put in place. It was not going to be easy because any Earth-imposed regime would contravene the Mars charter.
Yamamoto had not disagreed with Evander’s pessimistic prognosis but was able to debate other approaches with him. His new comprehension of fundamental physics had astounded his peers, other than the Symbiants. The other female Axis volunteer, with the translated name Proof Seeker, had shown similar inheritance; her obligatory abbreviation was Rose. Evander was pleased to have meaningful discussion and argument with the two of them. The common denominator in even beginning to contemplate the ‘city ship’ was fabricating a QSD unit big enough to distort the space around it. The existing units needed to be increased from eight metres in diameter to three kilometres, to match the aspirations of the Axis. The blueprint stage of this city ship had passed into detailed schematics. The Axis dismissed any doubts that this could be achieved. The first action was to encourage more technical volunteers for the Pascal 2 code procedure and draft them into the plan as soon as possible. These new intellectuals would oversee the construction of the most sophisticated robots they had ever built. Then the components would be manufactured and the eventual assembly would take place in orbit by the new robots. They could not see what all the fuss was about. They were much more concerned about social breakdown as there had already been incidents of Axis mutilation by unknown means. The suspicions were focussed on humans, after corpse exposure to the amorphous form by Symbiants.
This worrying trend triggered the abandonment of the Utopia Planitia settlement and it effectively polarised the population into only two centres of production. They had been virtually joined up by the habitat development to accommodate the migration increase. Now they were experiencing receding boundaries. The Echus region had seen gravitation of the early human citizens of Mars together with many new arrivals who feared the developing culture in Marineris. The bulk of manufacturing facility was in Echus and this imbalance would become an acute source of tension. The Symbiants had garnered and stored the red crystal in a totally inaccessible place to humans. The Echus society had approved multiple replication procedures of both human and Axis species to have their own ‘indestructible’ protection force. The swing of fear ensured the Marineris inhabitants now felt vulnerable.
While this festering dichotomy reached a phase of stand-off, communication with Earth had resulted in a decision to occupy the Martian domain to re-establish a cleansed government. It became necessary to liberate Marineris by several colony ships, containing detachments of military forces.
This sudden and violent eruption of criminal society had meant that lessons were delivered to both planets. The threat was always there. The Korean situation had certainly ensured Earth had acted promptly and the Martian voters realised the folly of not protecting the meritocracy they had enjoyed.
Cheverry had acted with his usual adroitness and convinced Kinsey to become temporary Governor of Mars until there was clear evidence of restoration of values. His experience in intelligence work was a key facet of his appointment. The Mars Charter was in hibernation and the citizens accepted the rationale for such draconian action. The sorting of wheat from chaff in Marineris resulted in deportation of the latter back to Earth. A tangible relief came at last.
The crisis would have many legacies. One stood out above all others. Several humans asked to join the Axis pilgrimage. It was not so much an unfulfilled pioneering longing, as it was fear of the extremes of their own kind.
The numbers were not significant enough for any redesign consideration and the vetting was thorough. The Symbiants were involved in this and seemed distinctly uncomfortable with the process. When it was complete Fav spoke to the group and recalled the unconditional offer those humans had made, for the caretakers to invite all Axis citizens to live on Mars. He said one of the most important humans was missing. Carvalho received a specific delegation to ask his family to honour them by agreeing to visit their homeland.
He was shaken by this gesture and began protesting that his family came first and that he would not survive the journey at his age, and all manner of other reasons. It was Stella who interrupted him. “You were always the one who said people should look for reasons to accept a challenge or new experience, rather than ones to turn it down. Deep down, you know you would go if we hadn’t met. I knew this sort of thing came with the territory with you Daniel, let’s do it.”
Without speaking he embraced her, and Fav, and Alex 2, and the entire delegation of some twenty-seven individuals.
In a way, this truly overt declaration of affinity by respected members of this particular group filled a void. He hadn’t shown outward signs, but the disappointment at recognising the Martian society would vote him out had gnawed at his gut. He had resigned in order to avoid the public confirmation, but only now did he feel that elusive ‘belonging’ again.
When Kinsey arrived he wasted no time seeking out the Ex-Commander. He wanted to hear his version of why things went wrong so quickly. He also wanted people to know from day one that this was a state of emergency, and not how they could expect to live their lives from now on. Armed with Carvalho’s experience, translated into his own words, he addressed the Marineris group first. “The communities will remain as they are at present until the accord returns. The Echus production facilities will recommence supply to you. The gradual re-occupation of the accommodation which was abandoned will begin when this supply chain has been operating successfully to the satisfaction of all. We want to install these basic necessities and build on that. Don’t underestimate the effort it will take to recover the trust, patience is needed. All antisocial behaviour will be considered as justification for a place on the next shuttle back to Earth. This is simply because we will not have prisons built here to house offenders, and therefore pollute the new resolution to get you back to why you came here in the first instance. As from now the scavenging of diamonds is not permitted until your new government is elected. It is not anticipated that a single ‘Guardian’ concept will suffice any longer. A group format is encouraged, albeit with a figurehead, the door to corruption must be kept closed by vigilance from more than one person. I know you will recognise that I’ve discussed much of this with Daniel Carvalho. His experience and understanding are invaluable to all of us. It’s hard to imagine such anarchy would have flourished on his watch.”
There was sincere support for this last comment and also the ban on diamond hunting, which many felt had kick-started the fermentation within individuals and cliques, subsequently taking advantage of the compliance of others.
Carvalho saw this address on TV and was more relaxed than at any time since the fateful appointment of Hendrick Koole. It also meant he could continue his family’s intent to leave without remorse. He detected a connection between Cheverry and Kinsey which would see this through in a sympathetic but effective manner.

 
Chapter 31

It was amazing what had been done in the year since the official Axis declaration of their new journey of hope. Most important to them was the progress on multiple volunteers who had undergone the MDV marker/super stem cell grafts. The hormone treatment had ceased because the reproductive system had responded and production of the hormone was being taken on by the nodes. Those individuals with Pascal 2’s code, in addition to the grafts, had shown even quicker adaptation. The more efficient passage of information and its reinforcing effect with reduced number of mistakes had seen an increase in the size of the male organs. There was some concern on what to do with the burgeoning number of MDVs; they had shown trends in reproductive fertility which when used to extrapolate similar early ones with the Axis, indicated their valuable contribution had been made. This would be discussed at length in the future.
The component manufacture for the city ship had advanced to the point where orbital ‘warehousing’ was being investigated. Yamamoto had actually begun to outstrip Evander in terms of finding solutions to the road blocks, which presented themselves with consistent regularity. They still had to crack the nut of how to construct the giant deformable parabolic Seaborgium Oxy-chloride dish and field generator. They had however, with Symbiant help and Gliese data handling concepts, built a prototype interface which had promise in making Dan redundant.
The social reintegration of humans from Marineris and Echus had gone well and Utopia Planitia was re-occupied to deliver more raw material and synthetic food. Kinsey was a regular visitor to all locations and had begun to encourage thoughts and meetings on how the new governing body would be set up and function. It was made slightly easier than it might have been, as all Axis and Symbiant citizens would be leaving, but their rights needed protection until then.
Among the humans who had signed up to go with the city ship were Nielsen, Sevicek and of course Yamamoto. It had occurred to Nielsen in particular, that even with a journey not afflicted with QSD dropout it would take over forty years to reach Nexus. They may not survive. This was not a new discovery but his thoughts were influenced by the majority of Axis who had already undergone Pascal 2 code installation. If he was to consider this procedure it would be better done now rather than during spatial distortion unpredictability. Yamamoto wondered why it took them so long to think about this. “The brain has become the most common human organ of failure which leads to quick death, since almost all others have a successful history of transplantation or replacement with synthetic types. Pascal 2’s code is the gateway to extended life for us. The hybrid Symbiant/Human architecture gives not only corrective benefits but that of longevity. For those who worry about procreation the evidence has already predicted that our DNA, and the characteristics of the code, will eventually be copied in organic and inorganic form with some workable ratio of each. What is there to think about?”
Nielsen bounced this confident Yamamoto précis off Stella and Carvalho. She did not argue with the general principles and admired Yamamoto’s uninhibited decision to do this. “It has to be left to everyone to reconcile their fear of death with that of ‘not being completely human’. I tend to agree with Kipchoge that many of us have something which could be classified as non-human, whether it is a brain or IVF treatment. Actually, I’ve been meaning to discuss this with everyone who has signed up for the trip; I just didn’t know how to approach the subject.”
Evander and his family would return to Earth when the city ship had left. He wanted to confront those authoritarian views which declared his ideas as unlikely outcomes for the equations which he employed.
 The model of the city ship was on display in the Echus library. It looked quite ugly and unimpressive from the outside as it failed to capture the scale. The interior however, more than compensated; it was a masterpiece of planning. It really was a large village in terms of size and facilities. There was a central village green area with plants and seating around a small lake. Provision had been made for a miniature version of the library the model was standing in. Although food replication technology was basic, it was decided to make the consumption areas communal to make it a more social activity. Physical activity was encouraged by peripheral ‘grassed’ areas with a variety of machines, which all had an entertainment aspect, again to keep social contact as a high priority. The street lighting had the usual Axis subtlety and delineated night from day on an arbitrary basis. Waste management was an engineering and chemical plant of ingenious design. The accommodation was very comfortable yet functional and it was generous in terms of space. Life support was based on the original design with which the Axis had first reached the solar system but with many refinements to accommodate human need for higher oxygen levels. Recycling was a key component of all this. Carbon dioxide would have to be extracted and channelled to a reaction chamber with waste. Purpose designed nanoprobes were targeted to catalyse multiple stage reactions to recover the liquid purity and yield to an overall 98%. The required extraction of this water came first, followed by closed chamber vaporisation of the solids through an ionisation splitter. Gaseous absorption vessels pulled the correct ratio of constituent atoms to the electrolytic molecular condensers, again driven by nanoprobes. The Gliese data control principles fed the products in the desired proportions to the life support regulators. This recycling of waste and respiratory exhaust was tested out in the laboratory, and success exceeded expectation; this allowed the planned reserves of solidified water and oxygen to be stored at acceptable levels without excessive space requirement.
The progress at the other Axis outposts was also impressive but it had been agreed that the Martian city ship would be first to launch and report progress coordinates to trigger Gliese then Epsilon Eridani exodus.
Meanwhile the structure of the Martian government was beginning to take shape. A council of elected representatives would themselves elect a leader and a new constitutional document would be forged, not to replace the charter, rather to extend its intention and strengthen the laws to avoid any such circumvention which caused the eventual recent anarchy. The very first item was to address the need for infrastructure, including law enforcement, to be in place ahead of new immigration. Until that was the case the current block on further colonists would stand. This would work for a while as the resourcing of the Axis projects had disappeared from the list.
Cheverry was continually questioned about what would happen to trade agreements with Mars when the Axis and Symbiants were gone. They made the point over and over again that the Council for Human Exploration had initially and continually been bankrolled by the major nations’ contribution. Despite assurances that the infrastructure would remain, and it more than outweighed the other contributions in value, there was unease. The dominant nations felt there would be far lower output and efficiency from the facilities without the Symbiants in particular. Cheverry knew this was bound to re-ignite the subject of red crystal, especially the destiny of the stock from the dome demolition. It was a sensitive subject and he needed to speak to Kinsey and Alex 2.
Evander and Yamamoto were in a circular maze about the QSD unit. The Axis had committed to building the entire system on the massive flat, smooth base at Echus Chasma cliff face, if that was necessary. Their only comment was that it would be very difficult to get it into orbit already assembled. They had developed a better way of getting the Seaborgium Oxy-chloride layer as thin and accurate as required. By asking the Symbiants to use a passive diluent to disperse the radioactive material, and casting it as a self-levelling compound on to a laminate of the original plastic base, it gave better control. The second constituent of the laminate was underneath the plastic carrier and was composed of variable but controllable conductivity cells. The alternation of resistance in these cells created an effect similar to electrophoresis. The difference was the additional repulsion of the diluent. The net effect was a very consistent and accurate cleavage of the two materials. The added benefits compared to the initial deposition method were that the layer could be thinner, thus saving Seaborgium Oxy-chloride consumption – there was a finite supply on Mars. Secondly the thinner and more accurate deposition should avoid the need to mess around with frequency modulation to achieve stability on the long journey.
The deformability conundrum was raised again, this time by Rose. Her approach was somewhat different to the others. She was drawing on pragmatism rather than an elegant breakthrough in physics. “We know the eight metre units work. We believe we can extend this to circa fifty metres before we anticipate difficulties. I suggest we consider building interlocking pentagonal units on shafts with controlled extension, retraction and angular modes - to produce the deformed templates. If we make them thirty metres in diameter we need ten thousand. The new deposition method gives us advantages in accuracy and we should not compromise that if we can help it. Furthermore it will solve the problem of hoisting a three kilometre unit into orbit. The assembly will be less risky with smaller units. Our Axis precision will make such an operation feasible. What do you think?”
Evander was thinking it through. Yamamoto was more interested in extending the pragmatic approach by asking Rose to suggest such a concept to Red. “If it won’t work he will help explain why not, if it has merit he’ll just nod and smile.”
Evander had considered the gains from the deposition accuracy and the possible compensating loss of accuracy at the edges of each pentagon and its neighbour. Although the deposition improvement may not require frequency modulation in the field generator for a single unit it could make it more important than ever for interlocking ones. It would have to become a compensator rather than a pure front line parameter.
Yamamoto jumped in again. “That will require a whole new design for your field generator Evander.”
“I know, but without it I don’t think there will be enough stability to maintain QSD.”
“Ok Rose, explain your idea to Red and just wait for his response. He’ll probably bring up Evander’s concern. Then tell him of the new proposal for the field generator. If he just goes along with your idea then ask him about accuracy at the interlock points. It’s possible that one gain balances another loss.”
Rose caught up with Red and did as suggested. The Symbiant was expressionless. “Why did you choose a pentagon?”
“Well, I began with the idea having deformability in the small units, and for best conformance to the desired deformation, a circle was chosen for the eight metre unit. However when a circle offered no interlock potential I dropped the approach of deforming each component unit.”
Red asked, “Why not a triangle, rectangle or hexagon?”
Rose was a little confused. “Well, if the longest side of any geometric shape will be limited to thirty metres, I simply looked at the areas covered by such candidates and the angles to which they would conform with one another when the specified deformation template was realised. I rejected triangles and squares on the area basis; we don’t want to increase the number of units unnecessarily. I did not like elongated rectangles for the angular conformance aspect. The less number of sides we have to interlock the simpler the engineering and data processing demands. The pentagon seemed reasonable. Why do you ask?”
Red smiled at last. “I just wondered how much it had to do with your familiarity with the number five.”
Rose responded by saying that the fabrication hardware was geared to the base five but that could be altered if there was a better choice. Red didn’t think that was necessary but confirmed Evander’s worry about uniformity of performance at the interlocks. When Rose admitted this and offered Evander’s commitment to re-design the field generator to compensate he replied, “I don’t see why that would not work but it will be a very lengthy and complex job. Four more years will be sufficient.”

 
Chapter 32

Halfway through the allotted five years the city ship had edged fractionally ahead of schedule. The social situation on Mars in general was better. Kinsey was ready to hand over to Alexandra Vogel. Many were surprised that a female had been elected after such disrespect for the law had just been eradicated. The Martians felt strongly enough judging by the margin of her victory. She had been a disciple of Cheverry in his time of transforming the initial standing of the EU, to what it now enjoyed. This suggested a good relationship with Earth and her reputation was one of a compassionate listener but a tough cookie when lines had been crossed. She was elected from a group who had been chosen to truly restore the meritocracy and the consequent demand for individual integrity through respect for others. In her acceptance speech she warned the electorate that she would not be sidetracked from this, no matter what. Some of her elected support group could have a tricky time surviving the rigours of her pledge.
Not only had the Axis project prospered in technical terms but the very first test tube ‘baby’ had been brought into the world. It had been touch and go but so far it had survived the necessary correctional surgery. The female Pre-Sphere Cleric had eggs fertilised in the lab by many males who had shown progressive restoration and independence from hormone treatment. Only a few proceeded to an embryo and all but one of those had terminated. The survivor had to undergo continual monitoring, but had sufficient genetically transferred organ capability, to mark the birth as an incredibly humbling moment. Pascal 2 had set out the critical stages and life support was gradually withdrawn. After months of being dependent on external stimuli the infant was stable. Pascal 2’s prognosis was promising and if he was proved correct he said the infant’s own offspring would take a small step to the re-genesis of the Axis. His basis for this was the slight adaptation which was clearly visible in the baby compared to her mother. The mother had not yet been given a name by the humans, it was to be Peri.
Echus Chasma was ablaze with monochrome yellow that day and for many to follow. Fav called for a commemoration of this birth and informed the other outposts that Peri wanted the baby’s name to reflect the milestone. ‘Renewal’ became the popular choice. Fav then asked what abbreviation the humans would choose, he guessed Rene, predictable and correct.
The entire community shut down city ship operations for two days to celebrate. They apologised to the human onlookers that this involved rituals for which there was no easy explanation. It was clicking and hopping to the spectators, maybe singing and dancing to the participants.
This had a knock-on effect to the human crew contingent of the city ship. Stella had held discussions about the Pascal 2 code several times in the previous year. This Axis event prompted her to gather their feelings on the subject. Most had no children and felt it was a straightforward decision to go ahead with the switch. Carvalho was typical of the hesitant remainder in deliberating. Stella had consistently told him she was not trying to influence him or the others unduly. She had decided to opt for the procedure and was confident that her children would benefit from it once they arrived on Nexus. She emphasised the effect she thought their childhood, youth and part of middle age would have. “They’ll feel that their life is just starting in some ways and they will want more of it in their new surroundings. They’ll also have grown up with humans and Axis for whom it is the norm. They won’t be encumbered by the expectations or customs of the society we know. I want to see those times with them. It’s that simple.” Carvalho looked hard at this remarkable woman and said, “Put me on the list.”
His concession to the procedure influenced the others and they followed suit. Pascal 2 set up the schedule and Stella asked for a reshuffle. She had persuaded her husband that they should have another child when only one of them had the new code. This would give the first conference in the family of the Pascal 2 hybrid characteristics. Carvalho insisted that he went first. “If there’s a choice, we already have two rocket scientists; maybe we want to increase the possibility of another, just joking.” It was agreed.
The intention of the Symbiants to take all Scarlet O’Hara to Nexus didn’t go down well on Earth. The Martians were not too disappointed, most were in favour of the decision. Alex 2 reminded Alexandra Vogel that Beijing had its own horde. China had raised a legal challenge to commandeer this. “What happened to that?”
She was silent for a moment. “It must have dropped down their priority list following the Korean disaster. I’ll find out.”
The reply was evasive according to Cheverry. “They insist that they had helped to pay for the discovery of the Martian source and as such have claim to at least part of it.”
Alex 2’s riposte was laden with sarcasm. “Indeed. Well we actually occupied Mars over four billion years ago so I suppose we could claim it is our sovereign territory and the crystal with it.”
********
Cheverry smelled some irregularity here and checked with Ayrton de Santos. The Brazilian said there had been no further action on the legal side and it may be related to the bacteria which affected some of it.
“Bacteria?”
“Yes, Kinsey found some containers were infected with these bugs, but most of the experts said they saw no mutation and in any case the affected lots could be incinerated.”
“Experts?”
“Yes, they came from reputable universities and industry. We did nothing, just left the affected quantity in cold storage to avoid amorphous dusting.”
Cheverry asked to inspect the cache and when De Santos opened the vault there was nothing inside. He began to stutter some sort of assertion that this was impossible when he was interrupted. “Maybe you have your explanation for the Chinese non-pursuit of the legal case.”
De Santos recovered sufficiently from embarrassment to utter, “Does that mean they knew it was gone?”
“That’s what we must now find out.”
********
The think-tank had commissioned a new eight metre QSD unit with Rose’s concept. They would use another trip to Europa to check it out. They replaced the former unit from the five seat chassis and Jet offered his place to Rose, the rest were the same. Fav wanted them to bring back more Seaborgium Oxy-chloride as this new vessel had made the reserve from the Pandora’s Rift screens a bit too close for comfort. Yamamoto dropped out to make room for this, stating that Rose’s unit would work, otherwise the Symbiants wouldn’t have ‘sanctioned the trial’.
The ride was even smoother than the last one and they communicated the news to Mars from Europa. It was settled. Ten thousand thirty metre units would be commissioned. On gaining Europa capture Rose noticed a new impact crater. It was quite some distance from the city but there were unusual volcanic signs in many surrounding areas. The landing phase indicated substantial cracks in the terrain which weren’t there last time. The entrance to the city would not respond to the codes or lasers. Rose said it was hopeless trying to open this gate, but the other entrances were a long way on foot and the terrain was dangerous, and there was the extreme cold. She then recalled there was an emergency code to activate the Protector robot inside. This would send the colossus to manually break the gate down. It would of course only obey if the power had not been interrupted. She input the symbols and although the control panel indicated the message had been sent, there was no audible confirmation of the robot’s approach. They waited several minutes and they concurred they would have to get back to the ascent cabin; the suits could not handle these temperatures for long. They started back when an almighty shuddering crack was followed by the heavy horizontal entrance gates assuming an open position. They quickly entered the city and then a communal building with its acceptable ‘off peak’ two degrees Celsius. They rested a while and then looked outside to see small cracks in the roads and fallen signposts. They checked the city map and decided it was going to take them circa eighteen minutes on foot. It would be risky on the trams even if they were operational. Red suggested he should go alone as he did not have short-term difficulty with the cold, and he was not affected if the lead containers for the radioactive material had been compromised. “Oh, and I will not have a problem with their weight.”
He departed and found the bad news immediately. There was radioactivity in the store but most of the containers were hidden by the ceiling having fallen in. He technobabbled Dan and asked Rose to check what the potential shortfall was supposed to be before he started to remove the rubble. It equated to three containers. After several minutes of carefully removing debris he saw that there were only two un-breached lead containment vessels. They would have to leave all the others behind because the non-Symbiants would receive lethal doses in minutes. He decided that if two were not enough another trip with empty containers from Mars would be necessary. The two secure containers were processed through the scrubbing apparatus.
They ascended and returned with the unpleasant information that their Europan settlement would need serious repair. It had the effect of increasing the Axis determination to complete the Nexus project ahead of time.
********
Cheverry asked to see the security camera archives for the cold vault which had housed the crystal. He and De Santos painstakingly viewed them for every shift over the last two years. The pattern which emerged was one of dayshift perimeter checks and nightshift checking of the content. The night checks were always done by the same guard. There were only a handful of personnel with retina scan access, and he was one of the few. The content checks stopped about nine months ago. On scrutinising his personnel file they found that he left the organisation at that time. It didn’t take a genius to figure this out. Zoom facility quite clearly depicted that his oversize uniform trousers appeared distinctly different on exiting the vault.
De Santos muttered under his breath. Cheverry turned. “What did you say?”
“He must have had an accomplice.”
Cheverry looked puzzled. “Do you mean internal?”
“Both really, I already suspected the Chinese lack of pursuit of the legal route was strange, but the guard would have to get the containers through the scanners to get them out. He could not have stored the accumulating quantity here without suspicion.”
When they checked the personnel records again there was another departure in the same period and she worked on the exit scanning channel.
This was an embarrassing mess especially as no follow-up checks of the bacteria contamination had been done. In ignorance, the perpetrators could unleash a pandemic as well as a horde of replicants. De Santos was in the firing line. There was one man Cheverry could trust on this and fortunately he already knew about the bacteria, as he had discovered them. It was fortuitous that Marvin Kinsey was back from Mars.

 
Chapter 33

With barely fifteen months to departure the assembly of the main framework of the city ship was well underway in orbit. Because humans and Symbiants had contributed so much to this being possible, via the QSD research and the ray of hope for restoration of Axis procreation, they were asked to name the vessel. They eventually settled on ‘Phoenix’. The Axis had to hear the story as they had obviously never encountered anything remotely like a real or mythical version. They were enthusiastic about the symbolism and commissioned one of their engineers to transform a human drawing into a two metre-high ‘bronze’, which was actually another type of durable plastic, and yet it was incredibly realistic. It would accompany them to Nexus. The other outposts would make copies, and all three were to be erected on the Homeworld when they arrived in circa half a century.
Carvalho could now understand the pedantic pursuit of perfection Evander had insisted upon when designing the QSD unit. His Pascal 2 code also gave him a closer insight regarding Stella’s work with the Axis reproduction project. That programme had moved on. The firstborn, Rene was now completely independent of monitoring probes and tubes, and developing well. She was the delight of the Echus community. Others had followed and the laboratory techniques had improved to give higher embryo survival rates. The situation with human genetic adaptation to the code would be allowed to develop at its own pace except for super stem cell grafts to the parents. Stella’s procedure was scheduled for three months after the imminent birth of their third child.
Epsilon Eridani had experienced some teething problems with trial flights in the small QSD version. Now that Evander was satisfied about all design aspects, and had gone back to Earth, the Symbiants took over the task of advising on such problems; it was always done together with a code endowed Axis technician to ensure avoidance of semantic errors in their language. This had become crucial as they had developed ‘dialects’ in each location after three million years. Reports were due from Epsilon on whether the recommendations had fixed the problem.
The predicament of the MDVs had been resolved. They would be taken to Nexus in recognition of their part as the blue touch paper in igniting progress to reproductive recovery. They would enhance any surviving fauna on the planet. The atmosphere on Nexus had to be a concern for all travellers except the Symbiants. The artificially Axis controlled internal Martian environment had been set at nine to ten percent oxygen, three million years ago. This was lower than their natural environment on Nexus at that time. It was lowered due to the initial difficulties in Martian sequestering technology. They had acclimatised over the millennia just as humans and MDVs had, to the current Martian levels of circa seventeen percent. The concern was more about whether the Nexus atmosphere had survived and if so what the composition would now be. When the Axis had left it contained 15.22%. The fact that Gliese had picked up radio waves gave some basis for thinking that it had been a mass but not total extinction event. If this was so, there should be a reasonable level of oxygen. Nevertheless contingency preparations were being made to sequester oxygen to storage if the levels were too low to breathe. The mass of red crystal was also important in the event of lack of forestation. Alex 2 pointed out that it would be advisable to determine if there were survivors, or search if not, for any crystal deposit.
********
Kinsey had not taken long to pull in recruits who could ‘blend’ into the investigation. Hong Kong had become a fertile source of double agents. The trail of the two officers who had left Beijing in quick succession had long been cold. This was good news in a way because the extremely belated discovery would serve to make them think they had already got away with the theft. It wouldn’t seem feasible to them, or particularly their employers, that such significant implications could be covered up. The new Hong Kong recruits would start at the family villages of the man and woman. They had photos which had been doctored to include themselves and the thieves together in casual dress at a holiday resort. The ploy would be a reunion bachelor party before the life-changing betrothal.
********
Alexandra Vogel had formed opinions about her ‘cabinet’ members. It was simply based on focus of the task at hand. She gave no weight to esoteric self-career massaging or social fantasy. Even as early as this she knew there would be casualties. It was only a question of how and when. One of them needed urgent consideration. Dwight Wynyard was a bellicose idealist who always sought debate and sometimes admitted that this was the essence of every decision in government, even the colour of the toilet paper. Whenever he was reminded that attention to detail is sometimes preceded by identifying direction, he inevitably dragged any such notion into a treacle swamp of minutiae. His remit was ill-fitting with his ability. Vogel decided to ask for the help of Cheverry. Wynyard was invited to a course in Beijing, which was a study group, expressly evaluating the reconstruction progress in Korea. They had no power, they didn’t implement; they were to make observations but not clutter the vision with highly specific recommendations. It was perfect – a gathering of erudite intellectuals without the burden of responsibility for achieving anything. While he was gone she asked Varanda Singh if he would help out. His experience would be invaluable, and would give the electorate and the rest of the cabinet a taste of what life could be like without Dwight.
The new arrival in the family was a girl and Stella wanted to name her after her grandmother Anna. They eventually gave her two names, Anna-Severine, as her other grandmother was French. The checks to log her differences in genetic pattern from both of her parents would wait until they could observe behavioural and aptitude data to compare with any inferences. Carvalho and Stella had agreed that they didn’t want to extend the family any further.
The constituent QSD units were accumulating on the flat plain adjacent to the silo doors. It was becoming a hazard, and the receiving framework was prioritised to be made ready for the hull section to head skyward for fitting to the skeletal Phoenix.
Yamamoto was now pretty fluent in comprehension of spoken Axis, but could not vocally master the complex clicks. This frustrated him because it was a voice apparatus hardware problem and not a cerebral software deficiency. It did help foster a kindred appetite with Rose for further refinement of the interlock ‘dead spots’. The project as a whole was reaching a critical point of the splitting of resources between Robots and supervision, orbit and planet-side, and Symbiant/non-Symbiant. The last mentioned was becoming highlighted in the critical path analysis because of the almost infinite need for interdependence of data streams for the plethora of functions aboard Phoenix. It threatened delay and that meant a lot of revisions which could also affect the other outpost schedules.
********
The families were cooperative with the Hong Kong agents up to a point. They were taken in by the charade of being ex-colleagues, and one family reacted well to a request. The agents had asked for a recommendation for hotel accommodation to continue their endeavour before reluctantly giving up on their friends. They were invited to stay overnight with the family. During the evening a fair amount of home-made wine was imbibed by the father and after his wife retired to bed he erred. “There was some kind of problem at the H.Q. before he left, and it was not his fault but he was fired. He said he was blamed for a system failure that was not down to him. No matter how much he argued that it was not human error they needed a scapegoat. He said that the tribunal for unfair dismissal was as corrupt as the management, and the story was twisted further to his disadvantage. You must know of his frustration, or did you only get the management version of events?”
One of the agents shook his head. “No, this happened after we left but we heard about it, and we know this system was always causing problems. They are just covering their own poor workmanship. Another thing we found was that after we left, it still followed us around. I had many instances in my new job where I was asked questions about my qualifications and whether I could verify them for the third or fourth time. It’s creepy when you find out that someone is trying to discredit you just for leaving. I wouldn’t be surprised if your son has the same problem.”
The father hesitated then whispered, “He can’t get a job here now, that is why he said he was going to have a brand new start. He left for a new career in Australia six months ago.”
The agent bluffed again. “Wow, I guess that rules out our bachelor party. It’s a pity when it comes to this, anyway I would send him some wedding cake if it would travel, still never mind.... or I can drop him a post card telling him he missed a hell of a party. Better than that can you write and let him know we miss him?”
The inebriated old man was flattered but offered the address instead.
********
Varanda Singh fitted in like an old pair of slippers. He continually talked to citizens at their place of work and was a very good facilitator for Alexandra Vogel, in pushing through action rather than rhetoric. He found it refreshing, having experienced similar frustration to the new Governess when he was in office on Earth. Many important measures were set in motion while Wynyard was amongst his like-minded talking machines, and the returning son would not feel very prodigal when the time came. A very well-accepted function was that of the police. Vogel was disinclined to disband this just because it had been misdirected. The new Patrol Service, as it was called, was charged with asking citizens if they needed help or advice. The staffing was such that an officer could remember the names of the citizens in their patch. There were as many women as men and any incidents of unacceptable behaviour were dealt with swiftly. Unlike a neighbourhood watch scheme, the patrols took responsibility, rather than citizens themselves having to divide the community by ‘telling tales’ on one another.
The judiciary was expected to deliver reprimands which were seen to be deterrents, not just to discourage re-offending, but as a lesson for others to contemplate. Varanda Singh’s feedback into this was vital. He was perceived as indispensable.

 
Chapter 34

The sky appeared to be full of the Phoenix. With less than six months to go the entire framework was orbiting and ‘coming to life’. The major hold-up and safety concern was that the QSD units were accumulating faster at Echus than they were being fitted in orbit. The Symbiants were handling all the radioactive exposure phases until the shielding was in place. The shielding could not be fitted until the units were in place on the hull. This meant that Echus was gradually experiencing higher radiation levels. The humans and Axis had Hazmat suits but they hindered flexibility and accuracy of some tasks. The Axis opted for more replications and it was only ten days before the work flow chart got back on track.
This in turn got more efficiency from the robots and the ambitious schedule looked like it would be met. One legacy from this mind-boggling project was the bequeathing of the prototype eight metre five seat QSD craft to the humans remaining on Mars.
Following the final replications it was time to get the red crystal into orbit, and the storage area aboard Phoenix could then be welded shut until arrival on Nexus. It was a Symbiant only task, but this had been planned and did not have adverse impact on the overall progress.
********
Kinsey decided to accompany the Hong Kong agents on the flight to Melbourne, after a protracted period of surveillance and interception of mail. This was to scare them into moving if their parents had disclosed the bogus visit of the agents. They had asked for advance cooperation with the local security people who had confirmed that the two suspects were living as a married couple. The rather lavish property was rented and their bank accounts showed regular quarterly incoming payments from a Swiss bank, which had different names as account holders. The eventual confrontation took them totally by surprise and they were edgy because they did not yet have Australian citizenship. Kinsey said Beijing may back-off to a degree in exchange for information on the whereabouts of the crystals, and their sponsor being revealed. They had some private conversation in Chinese and then stated their position. “We refute these allegations completely and we ask for the protection of the Australian authorities.”
The Australians said nothing at this stage. Kinsey nodded and said he would apply for an extradition order to be considered by Melbourne within forty-eight hours. “We of course will stay with you for however long it takes to get this done.”
The Australian chief said, “We want to conduct our own inquiry into possible fraud as there is no tie-up of data with your Swiss bank.”
The duo reverted to Chinese again and then asked what evidence Kinsey had. They were outraged. The American produced the video footage showing the male’s repetitive timetable into the vault and the female’s disabling of the scanner to fit with his daily exit. Kinsey challenged them. “Do you seriously believe we didn’t know what you were doing?” He then bluffed. “We kept records of the disappearance of the crystal, but decided to allow you to continue, so we could let you lead us to the head figure, knowing you were hired help. We expected you to have contact with him when we watched you here. We’ve waited long enough. You two are going down either here or back in China or both, we’re cutting our losses. You have one final chance to cooperate.” They wanted to know what helping Kinsey would entail.
“We don’t know until we hear what you have. If you give us the name we want, and appear in court, we may exercise some leniency with respect to your breach of security with Beijing. If you don’t deliver this directly or indirectly you are on your own. I can’t speak for my Australian colleagues, but you may wish to contemplate whether this is a safer bet than incarceration in China. Anyway, you are the best judge of that.”
The male said, “He is not Chinese.”
“Ok, we have a start, proceed.”
The female asked for a couple of minutes to confer once more in Chinese. They then turned to Kinsey and asked about protection.
He knew he had them. “I can’t even discuss that until I know we have our man.”
The male said they didn’t know the man at the very top. They could reveal the one who first approached them and his contact who they had met twice. They believed he was directly linked to the boss. Kinsey said this was disappointing and it was not enough in itself to trade. The female broke ranks. “We know an address of this second man; we had to go there to receive instruction about the repeat shipment of samples. We had to keep these to parcel size quantities for courier delivery. It was a warehouse.” The male nudged her to indicate enough. Kinsey responded. “What is the name of the first contact?”
They knew he was not a threat to them personally. The Chinese name meant nothing to Kinsey. They said he still worked in Beijing. At this point Kinsey said, “You can come in now.”
The two Hong Kong agents entered and Kinsey handed them the recorder from his trench coat. The replay enabled the ‘private’ chat to be translated. The interrogation resumed. “Ok, so you have inadvertently told us that we are looking for a Russian in London. Does the name Korolev mean anything to you?”
The couple sat down. The fear in their eyes was all Kinsey needed to proceed to the known address of Mikhail Korolev. This was of course the same Russian who had set up Beth Eisentrager to steal the composition of the crystal while on Mars. Korolev had also arranged for Sergei Radmanov to eliminate her once cleared of Beijing jurisdiction, but this had backfired when he was detained on Mars. Kinsey recognised Radmanov’s name from the Hong Kong translation, even though the reports of his initial brief was thirty years ago. He left the Australians to keep the couple in custody, and said Beijing would forward the extradition request imminently, but they would be relaxed about the timing as long as the ‘refugees’ did not evaporate.
********
It appeared as if there would be a small surplus of Seaborgium Oxy-chloride after all, so another trip to Europa was not necessary. The Axis idea of having built a warehouse with thrusters to transport components to orbit, and then have robots take inventory as they needed it, had been very efficient. This was especially true for the ten thousand QSD units. It was therefore a setback when a malfunction occurred with a robot approaching the warehouse. Another was about to close the doors after exit while carrying a unit, and the odds against what happened were very long. At precisely the same time, each entered the code for opposite instruction. The approaching robot’s detector had not picked up that the door was already open as the out-coming thirty metre QSD was blocking the receiver device at one side of the doors. The feedback caused repeated attempts and the exiting one turned to re-enter. The other one now tried to enter and collided with the rear of the first one. The QSD unit was not damaged but slipped out of the robot restraining arms and all three spun off into their individual orbits. An emergency team was activated to attempt recovery and it was only then that a technobabble message from Dan had alerted his fellow Symbiants that he had been in the trajectory of one of the robots and was clinging to it. It was decided to go after Dan and the QSD unit with manual control of two other robots after attaching extra cushioning to the arms.
The QSD unit was the first to be located and the matching of attitude and trajectory before capture took some time. To the onlooker it was a slow motion space ballet. When Red had helped guide this recovery robot to its target he let go, and this presented a relatively easy capture. The subsequent pursuit of the two damaged robots was the trickiest of the recoveries. As they were the same mass the approach and final positioning prior to the ‘grab’ was ultra-critical. With Symbiants at the controls it was precise, but still a long drawn out capture before Dan was reunited with his rescuers. The damaged ones would be returned to the surface once the warehouse was empty. This whole distraction had caused four full days hiatus. Without the technobabble facility Dan may have reverted to crystal, but there was no discussion amongst them when he returned. They simply resumed the work schedule.
********
When Kinsey arrived in London he was accompanied by the Russian Internal Security Chief. The British police had provided backup squads, but they were not required.
Radmanov was taken first and forced to accompany them to Korolev’s residence. They found the oligarch in poor health and he was being attended by his private doctor. When they cautioned him then explained how they had flushed out his foot soldiers in Melbourne, he raised a smile. Kinsey began his deliverance of consequences, and the whereabouts of the crystal being the only possible bargaining chip he had, when Korolev asked them to sit. The oligarch could only speak a few words at a time. “Gentlemen - you have no proof - of your allegations - and the time it will.....will take you, to indict me, will exceed my life expectancy. Please check - this with the doctor.”
Kinsey allowed him to talk to the Security Chief and the doctor in their mother tongue, whereupon they discovered he was in the final stages of prostate cancer. Korolev summoned up the energy to speak again. “Radmanov will answer your - questions, I, I have no - further comment. You must do - with me - what you will.” He then faded into semi-consciousness.
Kinsey insisted they continued the interrogation in the oligarch’s presence. Radmanov said he was not prepared to answer further questions without a British solicitor. He was allowed to make the call and it would take two hours for the expensive individual to arrive. Kinsey decided to fill in the time by outlining exactly how the Chinese duo in Melbourne had provided Radmanov’s name and address, and how he was described as the contact via a third party in Beijing. He claimed that they were all in custody and willing to testify. Radmanov simply refused to say anything until his solicitor arrived.
The delay had given Radmanov time to think. When his solicitor did make an entrance he insisted on the proceedings being recorded and began testimony with a declaration that any previous questioning by Kinsey and the Russian Security Chief were inadmissible and highly irregular. Kinsey began again and was interrupted several times by the solicitor requesting details or proof of allegations. They were getting nowhere. Kinsey’s parting shot was in relation to the current legal status of possession or distribution of crystal and the penalty it carried. “You have chosen not to cooperate. I think that may prove unwise. We will bring a case in Beijing with our witnesses and you will have to attend. If you are obstructive in this investigation it won’t be helpful if you are later convicted. You should perhaps bear in mind that crystal has disappeared – fact. When it does hit the open market it will be signalled openly by the observation of replicants. We then have another line of enquiry. This kind of operation always flushes out the hive, and when we find the Queen, plus favoured drones, the penalties will become even more severe. We’ll leave you now and rest assured you will hear from us. We’ve already asked the British Home Office to hold you here while we proceed to court submission.”
As they got up to leave there was a quick conference between Radmanov and his lawyer and the recorder was switched off. Kinsey was asked to wait. A couple of minutes later the legal man re-started the recorder and said his client was prepared to cooperate to the extent that he knew of rumours of such a project, but was not involved in any illegal activity. His remit was other business with the oligarch in London. It was a registered import company with warehouse premises and was fully legitimate.
They would happily submit the documentation to inspection immediately. Radmanov said if the oligarch was involved in such alleged possession he would never have disclosed it to others in his standard lines of trade.
Kinsey accepted the offer to examine the books and requested copies, which were given. He eventually concluded without saying so, that they were taking advantage of Korolev’s impending demise, and the investigation that it would trigger in Russia. He knew the planning for such a circumstance would have been long in the pipeline and constructed to resist legal challenge for years.
It would be better to wait for the inevitable emergence of replicants to make the next move. He reflected on whether it was good news that the Chinese government looked as if they were not involved, or bad news that the crystal was in an underground market place. Then he remembered what Ayrton de Santos had reportedly said to Cheverry, namely that the Chinese withdrawal of the legal challenge probably indicated they knew the crystal had been stolen. Maybe they knew who stole it.

 
Chapter 35

The recovery of the robots in the collision had only taken four days but the repair took more than two months and this had caused slippage of the schedule. As close as they were now to the planned departure date they had to concede to a small deviation from expectation. The main construction was finished but the internal fitting out was behind, especially with the complex recycling plant. Phoenix was roughly barrel shaped. The two tapered ends were asymmetric. The fore section was not much less in diameter than the widest central girdle as it had to securely house the QSD units, which would exceed the girdle diameter. The aft was approximately sixty percent of the mid line girdle and was truncated to give the optimum configuration for spatial recovery behind the vessel. The artificial gravity was operated by revolution around an abstract central line passing through the centre of each barrel end. The main hatch was in the aft end and there were emergency ones around the rotating periphery. It wasn’t a beautiful sight but it wasn’t one to be ignored.
The other outposts were informed of the slight adjustment of departure and reported they were actually more behind plan than Mars, and could only make up some of the deficit. Gliese was six weeks off plan and Epsilon Eridani was over four months. They would have to recalculate QSD dropout consequences nearer the new target date.
Stella had recovered well from the procedure to take on the Pascal 2 code and had resumed work with the Symbiant. Sophia Scillacci had opted to rejoin Isaakson to further research on human cerebral conference. She retained copies of all the accumulated data on the Axis/MDV project, as it seemed unlikely that the Martians would need it again, because of the impending exodus across the galaxy. She felt a little demotivated that many years of work would just gather ‘computer archive dust’. Retirement in a couple of years had some appeal. Pascal 2 had insisted that the medical station aboard Phoenix was the last to be fitted out because of the possibility of damaging the essential equipment. Nielsen’s laboratory had similar ‘fragile’ status for the analytical stuff and was next to last. He had heard much about other naturally occurring materials on Nexus from the Axis. They had different analytical techniques, but comparing notes whetted his appetite, as they might at last understand the molecular structure of these extremely durable plastic construction constituents, if they had the starting material. He was also trying to weed out which Martian samples he would take as there was severely limited storage in the lab unit. He included some striated rocks which the Symbiants had collected from the fissure between Marineris and Utopia Planitia. If they had detoured from the bridge-building to pick up rocks he felt that made them worthy of investigation. To his constant frustration neither his nor the Axis equipment revealed anything of significance in the available results. He was hoping that the Epsilon or Gliese Axis had developed new equipment which would yield something meaningful.
********
Kinsey considered another undercover operation but decided to go directly through official channels. The Chinese admitted that they took their foot off the gas with the legal route once they knew the crystal had disappeared. Kinsey politely enquired how and when they had come by this knowledge. “We didn’t know ourselves until relatively recently.”
The inscrutable committee on the opposite side of the table looked at one another in consternation. They finally conceded they knew from a Beijing journalist. Kinsey said that could not be the real source. “The archive video evidence shows that only a limited number of internal personnel were involved in the actual theft. There was perhaps one other involved for outside contact. Your journalist must have got the information from such a source. Why do you think he didn’t go to print with such an embarrassing scoop? It was even more tempting when you consider our chief technical people didn’t know it was gone.”
More eyeballing amongst the Mandarins produced an unusual response. “We demanded proof. We told him it was a very delicate situation since he had contacted us first. We wanted to know why. He did not elaborate. We told him he must inform Beijing as this would affect our country from both the Council and Government standpoints, in the eyes of the world. When we heard nothing more we assumed it was an unsubstantiated claim, but he was re-assigned to London. He is still there as far as we know but he has not contacted us again. It now seems a strange coincidence that we have been sent mail from him suggesting we contact a person in the security department of the Council for Human Exploration.” The name was the same one which Kinsey was given by the Melbourne duo. He instinctively pulled down the shutters and thanked them for their candour. He promised to get back to them when he solved the mystery.
The man was, according to De Santos, in the purchasing department for the technical arm of Beijing. He was a senior officer and as such had many overseas contacts. He travelled widely and frequently to suppliers and was used to being ‘entertained’ at their expense. There were lucrative contacts on offer and he had a big say in the commercial aspects of all certification approval. A check on his bank details unsurprisingly revealed nothing substantial in the way of deposits. A regular item was coded as interest payment, and although it topped up his monthly income, it was unremarkable except for one thing. The decoded reference was from an account in the Cayman Islands. Further tracing of this account revealed it held a serious level of capital, and this was mounting each dividend period from a dazzling array of stock investments. They needed to see how these large blocks of holdings had been acquired before they questioned him.
********
Carvalho was watching the two boys sailing their model ships on the lake. They were powered by chips and controlled by remotes. He was reflecting on how Alexandra Vogel had managed to bring back the air of positive expectation to the human settlement on Mars. A firm but gentle grip on the problem areas had been the central plank, and now a brisk support for new social interaction was emerging. He was really pleased about this change as he had not wanted to leave the planet thinking it had all been for nothing.
His psychological condition was on the rise. He was, however, not feeling his normal energetic self. Lethargy was something he always said was his only allergy. He belatedly asked Stella to run some checks on him. She was livid when the results came through. “How long have you been having this tiredness?”
He was not a good liar and she scolded him for not responding to the symptoms earlier. “Ok Stella, you are the doctor, now what has got you so mad?”
“You have Angina, and it hasn’t just appeared.”
He squirmed. “Does this affect the trip?”
“Is that what you call it, a trip? It’s not a ride to Pandora’s Rift. It is a forty something year physical and mental challenge. You really must have more exploratory tests, but I would have advised a normal patient to withdraw. It can be treated in a number of ways up to and including transplant or implant assists, but we don’t really have time. The short recovery period could kill you. I believe we have no choice but to cancel.”
He sat down with head in hands and apologised. “I’ve had twinges for years; I thought it would pass as usual.” Stella said she wanted to ask Pascal 2 if he concurred with her recommendation.
The Symbiant said that it was a chance worth taking. Delivering nanoprobes into the bloodstream to target the accumulated swelling of the inside of the coronary artery might just relieve the pressure. If this could allow a significant increase in blood flow to the heart it could easily be repeated at intervals throughout the journey. “Then we can determine if a bypass is necessary and advisable.” Stella agreed. She knew it was not without risk but she trusted the Symbiant and Carvalho had set his mind on going.
She told him of the proposal and insisted he didn’t do anything strenuous between now and the completion of Pascal 2’s treatment. “And that includes playing with the boys. I’m finishing up my involvement with Echus Neurosciences anyway, and I’ve pulled that date forward to tomorrow. There’s no room for discussion Daniel.” She was conscious of this being the first time she had bullied him.
He was quietly relieved but now more concerned about the time he may have with his family. He hadn’t forgotten the panic in Stella’s eyes when she first confronted him. He silently rebuked himself for not reporting it earlier.
********
Kinsey was armed with the financial data when he went to Beijing. There was no confrontation. The target had taken accrued vacation time. His colleagues said he had taken a flight to San Diego and was to board a cruise liner for his Alaska dream holiday. Kinsey thought this had to be checked out immediately. His people came back with negative results; there was no biometric registration from his passport to say he had flown anywhere. The same was true of ports and land border checks. He was uneasy so he initiated re-checking his financial status. It was as he suspected; the bank accounts and stock portfolio had been liquidated. There must have been contact with Radmanov.
When he got to London again Korolev had passed away, and his body was in preparation for shipment back to his homeland. Kinsey asked respectfully to see the corpse and was satisfied. Radmanov had evaporated with no forwarding information. Apparently the UK operation was to be wound up and the remaining asset base transferred to Moscow for forensic financial analysis.
Kinsey accepted the trail had gone dead. The only realistic way to pursue the crystal now was to wait until replicants were reported. Failure did not sit well with Marvin Kinsey, but there would be a slip-up sometime and they had to stay alert for signs of it.
 Cheverry had been informed that Varanda Singh had been a godsend for Alexandra Vogel so he moved to part two of the plan. Wynyard was invited to his office and relentlessly flattered by the Council C.E. Being told he was literally being head-hunted by a new liaison section within the Beijing strategic planning operations, for the next phase of exploration, massaged his Jupiter class ego. “This is head in the singular, it is irregular to produce a short list of one prior to interviewing, but we are all of one mind. Heading up this venture comes with a weighty responsibility but the package is commensurate with the seniority. I realise it’s out of the blue but the plans are sensitive and we favour this approach. I hope you will consider this with some urgency as in the event of your acceptance, I know I will face a fight with Vogel to release you.”
Wynyard asked all the questions a supreme narcissist would, and could not contain his cerebral orgasm when the answers were those he wanted to hear. It was indeed a challenging and motivating remit. It would also be re-merged with the executive structure within two years and Wynyard would not last that long. Liaison is a word to beware in corporate or governmental structure; it should be listed in the rat-race dictionary as a synonym of ‘fall guy’.
********
The handover programme of the entire industrial Axis infrastructure, including the nuclear power plants was almost ready for the final sign-off. This was to be the subject of an interesting discussion between Earth and Mars in the coming years, as the trade agreements would need review. The appearance, illegal or otherwise, of Terran Symbiants when there were none left on Mars could be a destabilising asymmetry. Alexandra Vogel had been informed by Cheverry in strict confidence that this could happen soon. She was disturbed sufficiently to ask Carvalho if he could use his fabled persuasive powers with Alex 2 to leave a small quantity behind if an emergency scenario developed. He had forgotten that she would not know about the retention quantities from the lab which were put into orbit during the previous times of threatened hostility. “I can do better than ask Alex 2. We provided such a cache some years ago. Very few people knew about it, and nobody from Earth has been told. One of your orbiting geothermal monitors does exactly what it is supposed to do. The other is identical in appearance but contains only red crystal. We are only taking the recovered haul from the domes. Consider this our special parting gift. I mean this seriously Alexandra, because I know your first thought may be about protection, but if you also think about what this planet was like when I first arrived, you now have the means to that very support. The Symbiants have been the major reason why you see what is here now. Think about it. Knowledge back on Earth that you have ‘retained’ Symbiants will induce respectful caution from them where it may not have been otherwise considered.”
She was relieved. “I really wish you were staying Commander. The people tell me every day what it was like when the Axis first arrived and the cooperative altruism which abounded. I will definitely bear in mind your advice. I don’t suppose there is any chance that you will change your mind?”
“You just referred to me as Commander and that in itself reminds me that it’s time to move on. However, I would not have wanted to miss those days – problems and all. It is important to me that the planet is in good hands and I can now rest easy on that score.”
Stella was fidgety with the notion that he was talking ‘business’ - and the Pascal 2 nanoprobes had not yet shown significant de-furring of his coronary artery. She wanted to avoid stress and politely interrupted to tell him that Pascal 2 was waiting for him. Vogel thanked him again and excused herself.
Carvalho said he had thought Pascal 2 was not scheduled until tomorrow. She nodded and said, “I didn’t want you to be drawn into things you can’t influence. It’s a classic way of building stress. I hope it didn’t sound rude.” He winked and replied, “No, she was about to leave, which was disappointing as she kept addressing me as Commander.”
The sarcastic response was, “Maybe she’s also attracted to men in uniform. That was how I first saw you, I noticed she was flushed.”
“Not much gets past you Stella. Just as well I wasn’t persuaded to stay.” She feigned a fist and walked back to the children.

 
Chapter 36

As the days were being chalked off they were entering countdown mode. Yamamoto and Rose were already in orbit checking the QSD interlocks. They had already been told by Jet that this had been done but it made no difference, they wanted their own measurement criteria and the subsequent evaluation. The assembled units were not shielded and posed a risk in mobility while wearing Hazmat suits. Jet complained, “The Symbiants did the assembly work and if they have signed off on the precision, I really can’t see why you need to do this.”
Rose seemed ready to agree but Yamamoto stuck to his request. “You forget that we have acquired much from the Pascal 2 procedure which entitles us to perform checks in a comparably accurate way to the Symbiants, yet dispassionately, as we have not had to adhere to their rigid assembly schedule. This unit array is the only component which can get us to Nexus, but if it makes you more understanding I’ll ask Red to give his input on our request.”
“I would appreciate you doing that.”
Red arrived, listened and then agreed with Yamamoto. “The ongoing checks while assembling will be sufficiently accurate for each neighbouring pair. It would be useful to compute the accumulated maximum tolerance repetition in multiple directions to see if the final diameter data reflects uniformity in each direction. The prototype was only one unit so we did not have this concern. Yamamoto is justified to see if there is any gain/correction pattern and whether adjustments are necessary. However, I also accept Jet’s worry about the risk of moving around in these clumsy suits. We will do the checks as Yamamoto and Rose have outlined. They should have been included in the design.” Yamamoto and Jet nodded in concert and the new delay this would cause was put down to correcting an oversight.
Pascal 2 had good news for the patient; the furring was receding and this, together with medication, had completely removed the symptoms. The nanoprobe dredging would continue until departure.
 The interior of Phoenix was a spectacle. Unlike the feel it had before fitting out, the curvature of the ‘horizon’ had softened and didn’t convey such intense ‘hamster wheel’ imagery. The village was beginning to bloom. There were at least as many workers in orbit now as there were on the surface, and it gave some impression of how the populated barrel would look. For some, mostly human, the degree of imagination and ambition in this project hit home, in a way that the plans or even the view from the surface could not capture. This new perspective also brought with it the full realisation of living almost half a century in a barrel, a kind of macro claustrophobia. When Carvalho informed Alex 2 of his gift to Vogel the Symbiant said, “I suppose we could say that is one benefit of stranded development.”
“What do you mean?”
“Well if they invoke replication, for reasons other than defence or purely construction potential, the new individual manifestations of the Continuance will have a fresh start. To use your own semantics they will not carry forward ‘baggage’ from those of us who will leave for new pastures. Promise will be evaluated again. They are not from crystal which has already been involved with humans and do not yet have all the data sources I do, to influence them. Having a second chance is not unusual for us. It is more a case of what your species will do with it. It is a beneficial situation for both those who are leaving and the ones who remain.” Carvalho smiled and could not resist a jibe. “I don’t know whether humans or Symbiants are ahead in adapting to one another’s logic.” Alex 2 said he would defer judgement for some time. “At the moment you must be well in front.”
********
It had taken less time than expected. A privately funded American aeronautics conglomerate had struck a deal with a Venezuelan oil company. The deal had mutual benefit of moving asset wealth into new industry. The Venezuelan government had seen this as bringing their economy up a few notches and gave approval to the plan. Holidays on Mars would not require the stringent migration rules. A new space elevator was announced and was to begin construction very soon. A blip in Kinsey’s personal radar homed in on the finalisation date, and the first booking information would appear within six months. This had to be it. He would be interested to check out some of the workforce if the ludicrous targets were anywhere near being realised. His experience on Mars had given him some idea of what Symbiants could do. The financial funding would be transformed by free labour and technical capacity, let alone the concepts they would surrender to the transport crews. It would be a reasonable bet that Radmanov would be buried somewhere in this venture. Patience would be needed and he would keep this to himself for now. Trust could result in betrayal, and the quarry’s escape. His best weapon, he decided, was their Achilles’ heel – technobabble. It would require acquisition of some crystal for this purpose. He had to go back to Mars. He suggested to Cheverry that a final visit to see if Alexandra Vogel needed any further support would be prudent. “It would give her and the Martian population the comfort of knowing they are doing so well that we are pulling back, yet available when they need us. It is a timely morale booster which would not have the same impact by merely transmitting the sentiment. Walking amongst the communities would invigorate individuals – a personal pledge.”
Cheverry liked the idea. He wanted Kinsey himself to make the offer, to be seen as exactly that. It would be perceived as an ‘order’ if Vogel had the same question from himself. “She would not feel comfortable refusing me but doesn’t have that constraint with you. That is a really good idea Marvin.”
********
It was time for getting the heavier personal belongings into their place within Phoenix. The last of the domestic robots were also ready for orbit and assignment to the accommodation units. It was a hectic task and one without the elegant programming capabilities of the main robots. Individuals do not have a clear overview in these situations and the humans were much worse than the Axis. It was just as well there were many more of the latter. It amazingly didn’t involve an accident. There only remained the checklists and testing of all facilities other than the QSD array. That would only be tried completely once they could leave. The individual parameters were checked in isolation from one another and all passed the stringent specifications. The orbital population density was now decreasing as many made their final descent to make preparations for the moment.
Fav had received more bad news concerning Epsilon departure. Bearing in mind the time lag in receiving this, it was pure guesswork as to whether they could recover the lost time to meet even the revised schedule. As neither they nor Gliese had Symbiant help, the process was longer and more dangerous. Fav’s message indicated that the various steps in getting the radioactive QSDs to the required Epsilon Eridani orbit had caused an increasing number of individuals to be exposed to unacceptable levels of radiation. These were accidental breaches of the protective clothing in the main. They had called for a halt until they could produce more robust protection. It had produced a dip in enthusiasm for the project. Gliese had not suffered such failure and had sent details of their suits. Hopefully this would get the confidence back before the Epsilon Axis got too far behind the others. They had a slight advantage insofar as they were building a smaller vessel; they had only Axis personnel and their settlement had shrunk over the millennia to four hundred and seventeen individuals. They were considering lowering the refinement of the interior to make up time. Fav sent his support transmission stating that they would receive it after his departure. He sympathised and advised them not to compromise the comforts of a very long journey for a few months delay to their own departure.
********
Alexandra Vogel was positive about Kinsey’s trip. She also responded in the affirmative to his request to be picked up by the small QSD craft which had been to Europa and back. He wanted, if possible, to say farewell to Carvalho and this craft was the only way he could get there in time. He knew he could trust this one person who would also be able to help. Once Phoenix was gone, nobody on it, including Carvalho, could blow the plan. He was now aware of the orbiting crystal but didn’t want that because it would require all kinds of convoluted justification. He hoped to persuade Alex 2, through Carvalho, to deploy one Symbiant for a return to Earth with him as reverted crystal. Self-replication would occur once he was safely alone at his home. This would give him the perfect situation and access to remote technobabble. He knew of Dupe because of his involvement with the Evander kidnap, but again it would involve spilling the beans prematurely. This was the safest way. He would promise the Symbiant could return to Mars not knowing Alex 2 would advise against that. The craft was despatched to collect him.
Stella had noticed little things about Anna-Severine which, in isolation did not mean too much, but when combined began to draw a picture. The higher level of data processing capability, even in a small child, was showing earlier ascent to many functions. Crawling, walking and talking were the easiest to assess. There were also hints of colour recognition and identification of shapes of household items with similar shapes in her children’s books. She kept it to herself for now, as she did not want the little girl to be perceived as ‘different’ just yet.
********
As Earth and Mars elliptical orbits could place the planets anywhere between thirty and two hundred and fifty million miles apart, it was fortuitous that they were presently only separated by forty-nine million miles. It was not a big distance for the QSD craft. Without stops it was estimated to take under four and a half minutes. Now Kinsey really saw what the American-Venezuelan investment was about. The need for another space elevator on the other side of the world had commercial implications of quicker docking and turnaround. If the Beijing one was interested in the revenue potentially on the table, it could be mutually beneficial. Cutting down the time on thrusters to dock from QSD dropout was commercially crucial. It also suggested that there may be more elevators in the pipeline. This would need to be matched on Mars in the fullness of time.
This particular trip would see QSD dropout targeted away from a direct line to Earth atmosphere. Disturbance of the ionosphere was to be avoided and the time taken to reach the space elevator was going to be considerably longer than that to traverse the void between the two planets. Rather like domestic inter-city Earth flights which are effectively doubled by waiting for luggage.
When he did arrive on Mars Kinsey apologised to Vogel by saying he wanted to say goodbye to Carvalho first, and then devote as much time as she felt appropriate to the tour of her communities. He got quite a surprise at Carvalho’s response to his request. “I can’t subscribe to such off-hand, demeaning employment of Symbiants. To me they are friends and deserve respect. I can’t stop you from asking Alex 2 but I will certainly let him know my feelings. I do however want to help; perhaps we should talk to him together.”
When Alex 2 arrived he was not as negative to the proposal and in fact thought the American-Venezuelan plan showed forward thinking. He accepted that it should not be so dependent on Symbiant presence. “I will speak to Pascal 2. Only the Continuance individuals and Carvalho know that he has one container of amorphous powder which can be used for emergency treatment of traumas to our sentinel network. The Ex-Commander has obviously forgotten about his approval of this for ‘impending experiments’ and its secret burial at the base of Pandora’s Rift. We readily endorsed this subterfuge some time ago.” Carvalho acknowledged his oversight. “This purpose can be seen as analogous to your immune system. It is for unforeseen events only. If you require only your own replication we can let you have the tiny amount to achieve it. I would suggest we encapsulate it into the frame of your spectacles so that no inadvertent trigger initiates the process. This will also get it through Beijing customs and avoid the cold plasma decontamination sweep which would be detrimental to the amorphous form. They will ask you to remove your spectacles, so you will not arouse suspicion. I believe this alternative method will fit with Daniel’s moral stance.” They shook hands and Kinsey left.

 
Chapter 37

Completion

With the final ascent to Phoenix scheduled the next day, Carvalho walked alone amongst the various buildings and forests which had been constructed and nurtured since 2033. He was thinking that this would be the last sunset he would see for a very long time, maybe the last ever.
He contrasted it with the very first. Back then, with no atmosphere and only red dust, it was a sinister yet inspiring sight. The orange glow of the watery sun seemed to suck the red chromatic content from the surface as the land blackened. The current landscape was one of fading light dispersed by wisps of cloud, and green swathes punctuated by red highways. The silhouettes of buildings were the sole reminder of civilisation. It was the stuff of schoolboy comics, and promised so much in terms of a new frontier. The memories now flooded back. The bizarre replication of Alex Redgrave and resulting lifelong friendship which developed with Alex 2 were right at the forefront of almost everything which had been achieved since then. The arrival of the Axis had also been a high point. The mission objectives were taken over and enhanced by these events. He felt a sudden sadness at the prospect of the imminent departure of the entire contingents of two from three species. Mars would revert to a human colony when it could become so much more than that. He was having second thoughts and this (he admitted to himself) was quite natural. However, looking forward had always been his way, and his contemplation re-focussed on his family, who injected precisely such excitement about the new phase for their little clan. The other humans who were departing were similarly preoccupied with saying farewell to friends. Many words were spoken, but everyone consciously avoided ‘forever’.
The other two species were busy and as expected the Symbiants were in a purely business-like mode, whereas the Axis contingent was in emotional overdrive. Although the Cosmos may not have any purpose whatsoever, they had somehow extracted such abstract mental fortitude from millions of years of abject misery. Some may have argued that this was indeed proof of divine intervention; others would dismiss such claims as proof of self-delusion.
Alexandra Vogel had consulted with the people and it had been agreed that the ascent and disappearance of Phoenix into collapsed ‘ether’ would be observed by all. It would become a day to reflect upon and celebrate well into the future. It took on the mantle of something more significant than the end of an era, but what?
********
Kinsey’s replication enabled him to instruct his double to take a vacation in Venezuela and communicate silently with an increasing number of the Continuance on the project. Regular updates confirmed everything he had suspected. The Venezuelan replicants were not privy to who was pulling all the strings but they did know where they had been replicated. The problem was that different replicants had data pinpointing different locations. It could only mean that the main horde was continually on the move. The dots on the map and the times of replication had no pattern or predictive trend. Containing this was not going to be easy if he kept the evidence to himself. If he was to reveal some or all of it, who could he trust? He decided to stay in monitoring mode.
********
The habitat commissioning tests were complete and systems had been fired up one by one and were now completely online. It was a slightly dewy dawn and the ascent shuttle was ready to signal the exodus. As expected, the Axis penchant for precision had familiarised every individual with their time slot and maximum ‘luggage’ allowance. Nervousness had begun to supplant other emotions. The completion of the boarding of the Axis left a stranded clutch of brave humans huddled on the ascent pad. They waved to thousands of spectators, and the rest of the population was transfixed by the TV cameras. It was surreal – they were going to somewhere which had no context of imagination. It was difficult even with the Pascal 2 procedure, to relate hundreds of thousands of millions of miles to recognisable numbers of light years. It had to be ‘measured’ in percentages of one’s life.
Embarkation was complete. Inside the barrel new accommodation was being hurriedly organised into homes. Dan was preoccupied with finally disconnecting himself from the parameter interface. He was to be replaced by a Symbiant installation designed by Rose and Yamamoto. This did not lend itself to proving except in the moments leading up to QSD start up. Dan would then take up a parallel connection to give the final green light and hopefully he would be happy to disconnect and let the so called ‘Hub’ fly solo.
The robots were deployed to make their final sweep for removal of unwanted scraps of materials and assembly tools. They made the final descent in the warehouse unit and left Phoenix as the lone orbital object.
The landside audience knew what to expect – a countdown followed by nothing. The normal gradual shrinking of a conventional departing vessel gave the eye the illusion of an extended farewell. This was to be one of ‘here – blink – gone’.
Rather than convey verbal sentiments Carvalho had, with the help of Symbiants, arranged for a monument to be carved with an inscription and erected at Pandora’s Rift.

It read:- The first human colony on this planet was founded in 2033. We came to realise within a short time of such a proclamation that we were not the first. The Continuance had been here for over four billion of our years. This discovery allowed our hopes of making the new domain habitable, to be realised. Their influence accelerated the taming of the hostile conditions, and we could begin to expand our fragile foothold, to an environment which appealed to colonists. The social cohesion necessary for making habitats into homes came quicker than expected. The same can be said of evidence of a second species which had inhabited the planet three million years before. The Axis left many iconic examples of their tenure and yet it would have taken much longer for appreciation of their heritage to be available without the guiding hand of the Continuance. When we finally met their caretakers, who unstintingly maintained their many legacies, they agreed to return from Europa to compliment the transforming of Mars into a desirable residence.
The technology developed by unprecedented cooperation of three species allowed hitherto unthinkable challenges to be contemplated.
The Quantum Space Distortion discovery has enabled near light speed displacement. The progress of medical invention has made it possible to transplant or modify the last remaining human organ to be included in the aims of extending life expectancy. The work on gene correction and stem cell influence on the sterile Axis reproductive organs has set the path to restoration of procreation.
This has been a major constituent of hope that Phoenix will rise again on their home planet of Nexus. It has also factored in the decision by a small band of humanoid colonists, who shall be known from now as the Sapients, joining in their pilgrimage. This connotation represents not only a desire to remain in the triad of species but a voluntary acceptance of modified cerebral enhancement which is expected to produce over time a branch in our species. Humans remaining in the solar system have been left the means by which they can choose to follow this path if desired. The branch between Humans and Sapients began but does not have to end here. It is consistent with criteria which confer the definition of a Darwinian Extension – A Conscious Adaptation of the Species. The existence and departure of the Phoenix is to be known as Completion. This nomenclature was chosen to mark the heralding of a new epoch.
The unveiling of the monument had been scheduled to occur just before the last external hatch on the giant vessel was closed. Observance of this historical précis was hoped to serve as a social bridle for those remaining. Painful lessons learned had been deliberately omitted; the inscription was to be a lasting emphasis of triumph over adversity.
The event itself was indeed a non-event. The substantial halo around Phoenix assumed a refractive quality and even the briefest blink would cause the onlooker to miss the exact millisecond of retinal deception.
********
The real atmosphere inside Phoenix was now in the control of the Hub. The emotional atmosphere was one of muted respect by each species toward the other. The Completion seemed to apply more to inhabitants of the solar system than to these pioneers. The Completion for the travellers had already transposed into an Initiation.

 
Epilogue

It would prove to be a journey comparable to creating a mediaeval cathedral for the Sapients. It would consume a major part of their life, to the exclusion of any other purpose or occupation. It would be played out within a discrete community, and like the cathedral craftsmen they would be a minority in their social enclave.
Divorcing purpose from hope, the Axis would regain a long-corroded interest in sexual behaviour and a gradual shift from laboratory controlled offspring to natural conception. The star in their horizon of hope, by contrast, was to walk again among those from the trunk of their evolutionary tree. They considered themselves to be a branch of that trunk.
The Symbiants appeared to be immune to all of this non-productive, abstract deliberation. That was to last only part of the way. Via the secure technobabble they had admitted to one another that a surge occurred in first tier data registry. Discussion for once could not be described as orderly and totally free of speculation. The word Progenitors was repeatedly mentioned. Unlike a hive mind, it was a case of being relieved that others had experienced identical symptoms with the surge.
The discussion was interrupted by a second less uncomfortable disorientation. Data now existed concerning the Master of Fate and his Consul. They could only deduce that it had occurred because they were heading to the source, the residue of the 55 Cancri cataclysm and the energy signatures which had left evidence of such undesirability.
This was information they did not need to share at present. That could change.

Part Four: Renewal


Nostalgia

It was forty-three years since they left Mars, and just under two before arriving in 55 Cancri. The Phoenix had travelled well, better in fact than some of the passengers. Despite all medical expertise, anti-ageing gene therapy included, Daniel Carvalho was ailing. He was now one hundred and six years old and was in need of regular maintenance, as if he was a veteran automobile.
He knew that he was just wearing out, and gene therapy was not a panacea in terms of longevity. Even young people suffered cardiac arrest, strokes and embolisms. He was lucky to be as fit as most Humans half his chronological age, but he was no longer a Human, he was now a Sapient. He could not accept that he was so close to stepping out on Nexus, the home planet of the Axis race, and that he may not make it.
Stella, his life companion, continually kept his spirits up by reminding him that their ‘children’ would all be well into their forties by the time they arrived, and they had only known life aboard Phoenix.
When they were young they pleaded with him every night to recount stories of life on Earth and Mars. Although there was video footage, and hundreds of movies to enjoy, they never seemed to infuse the wonder of Daniel’s tales. He admitted that he liked to recount them again. He was considered by both the Axis and Symbiant species as the father figure of that part of the Human race which had transformed Mars. Testament to this affection was the lakeside virtual reality station aboard Phoenix. The Axis had constructed a living version of the inscribed obelisk which was Carvalho’s parting gift to the Martian colony. It was the most popular programme on the VRS, and kept every passenger’s mind on why they had undertaken this pilgrimage. The portrayal of the spirit and factual events mentioned in the inscription were delivered in the context of a play, authored by the younger of his two sons, Rafael. The final scene was a scrolling replica of the actual edifice, which they hoped had inspired the Martians to avoid past mistakes. The scroll was in both Human and Axis language. The great appeal seemed to be the ever-present danger, from those first moments of Copernicus countdown to Mars orbit insertion, all the way to Phoenix leaving orbit decades later. They had not perceived any danger as the Quantum Spatial Distortion craft pulled the galactic content toward them. All three species were relishing the prospect of uncertainty again.
This Martian history had chronicled some unlikely if not preposterous timelines. The Symbiants were individual members of The Continuance. Over four billion years ago the Cosmos had been seeded with red crystal by Progenitors. These elusive entities apparently designed the crystal to emerge to an amorphous form whenever temperature and data sources were conducive to this metabolic transformation. The amorphous material was enabled to replicate sources of data and identify promising species which may be of interest in the Progenitors great campaign of preserving cosmic balance. The Progenitors’ residence was in dark matter and their nemesis was dark energy.
The Symbiants’ knowledge of their masters was sketchy. They were aware of other agents of this gravitational alliance, and the struggle to rein in uncontrolled forces of expansion to ensure the contest was never actually decided, as that would be the worst possible outcome.
The Interference, The Amalgamation, The Elimination and The Subtraction were all registered within the data cell structure of the Symbiants. There had however, been no record of possible contact with these agents in the registry of the Martian source of the Continuance, until now.
The timeline indicated that they had fleeting interaction with microbes and simple plant species on early Mars over four billion years back. The molten core dynamo was small and therefore did not generate adequate magnetic protection from the solar wind; this had gradually seen the atmosphere disappear and the active amorphous form had responded to the plummeting temperature and data desert by recrystallising, and ‘hibernating’ until Humans decided to colonise the planet in 2033.
The crystal was concentrated in West Candor Chasm, part of Valles Marineris canyon. The lodes were around five miles down, but discovered by Alex Redgrave – Science Officer of the Copernicus colonisation mission.
He brought samples to the warm lab and the abundant Human data physiology triggered the awakening. Accidental passage of these unique materials into his bloodstream caused a bizarre replication of Redgrave as predominantly inorganic data cells. The replicant was designated Alex 2. These antimony based distibines, bonded loosely to elemental silicon, were similar in principle to Human computer MRAM memory functions. However the Continuance was much more than this. Their elegant registry and sentinel cell architecture enabled regenerative ability to modify immune systems and the data retrieval capability was one of truly astounding scale. They had been programmed to assist promise of species which they had replicated, or move on. They had been the key to realisation of Human objectives in the rate of terraforming Mars.
Three million years before Humans landed on Mars, another species had colonised the planet, but strangely had not encountered the Continuance there. The Axis had been forced to leave 55 Cancri because their home planet Nexus was being dragged into oblivion by neighbouring gas giants with unstable orbits. They had created a wormhole and as their four spacecraft had entered, they witnessed a consequent and colossal release of negative energy. The threatened fate of assimilation by gas giants was overtaken by an extinction event of their own making. Ironically, the technology which had enabled the wormhole creation had come as a strand of cooperation with Nexus based members of the Continuance. The horrendous result was predicted by these agents of the Progenitors, but ignored by the Axis scientists.
The four ships were confronted with multiple choice exits and decided to separate. Epsilon Eridani, Gliese and Sol produced survival exits, but tragically the fourth ship was destroyed in an unstable domain.
Having made their way from the extremities of the solar system to Mars, the Axis remained there for almost three thousand years. Considerable sophisticated underground infrastructure was built before the species was driven back to Europa by an onslaught of Legionella Pneumophila, for which they had no treatment. Their time on Mars was also a watching brief on primitive Earth evolution and a strict policy of non-interference. These highly intelligent, marsupial-like creatures travelled back to Mars every 555 years to maintain their legacy and wait for Humans to discover it.
They had erected giant visual display units in Candor Chasm, yet they never analysed the red crystal, presumably considering it unremarkable. The Human pioneers did not recognise the screens as anything other than blue-green crystals. The millions of years between these events had seen erosion of the shape of the VDUs and it had been the replication of Alex Redgrave which kick-started the cooperation with the Continuance, and through these individual Symbiants, the subsequent discovery of the Axis. The odds against the Axis working in close proximity but ignoring the red crystals, and the curiosity of one Human to prise them from a highly inaccessible mother lode, on his first Martian foray, did not seem to favour future connection.
The discovery of Quantum Spatial Distortion (QSD) propulsion as a safe means of interstellar travel was made by the three Martian species some thirty years after the first Human landfall on the red planet. A combination of factors led to a desire to return to 55 Cancri. The Axis had never found real purpose after the accidental genocide of millions of their brethren left on Nexus. The species had also suffered mass infertility prior to the cataclysm and could not procreate. Immortality by scientific application was remarkable but did not replace the loss of ‘belonging’. Earth society’s facade of extolling the moral, religious and political high ground was often exposed as hidden diversity, such as crime, greed and parading of Human rights. The threshold was crossed for the Continuance when North Korea detonated a nuclear device, killing countless numbers of their own citizens. This also had the effect of encouraging the Axis to meet with their other colonies back at Nexus. The Continuance re-prioritised their assessment of promise and deleted assistance to Humans, except those on Mars who wanted to join the pilgrimage. This was quite a small band of souls, whose affiliation with the aliens had grown in inverse proportion to their shame with Human duplicity. Most of them had already benefited from hybrid genetic code insertion by the Symbiants. This not only conferred paradigm leaps of understanding, but effectively created a branch in Human evolution. They referred to themselves as the Sapients.
As Phoenix had engaged QSD on leaving Mars the individual Symbiants had received two discrete data transmissions. The first was a re-configuration of registry, and the second implanted data concerning the Nexus cataclysm. They had figured out from circumstantial evidence, provided via the Axis archive on Mars, that there had been interaction between the species on Nexus. Now they had terabytes of detail. They had decided not to share this until they reached Nexus, because of a discovery by the Gliese based Axis. Their two kilometre ring of advanced telescopes had now shown Nexus to be in a stable orbital relationship with the gas giants, and more importantly, radio wave sources emanated from the planet. The Symbiants did not want to offer more false hope.
With two years to go at just under light speed, a third transmission was received. The stabilising influence for 55 Cancri was not accidental. A brown dwarf had become a companion star with the secondary sun in what once was a binary system. This celestial harmony was filed under ‘The Interference’. It was the first time that the solar system branch of the Continuance had ever been officially connected in this way. They had always ‘known’ of the other agents but didn’t know exactly how they knew. The message also carried a warning that under no circumstances must the brown dwarf be approached. It was delivered as a message to which there was no reply or further inquiry option.

Chapter 1

As leader of the Symbiants, Alex 2 consulted his kin about what this could mean for the mission, and particularly the Axis. The first two transmissions, forty years ago, had afforded the privilege of merely confirming what was already theorised. This had other possible implications for the return of all Axis clans, not just the Martian branch. Alex 2 saw no merit in deflating their new-found energy to restore Nexus, yet he could not assign much weight to the Progenitors employing the Interference, in the form of a brown dwarf, simply to correct the wormhole mishap of three million years ago. He deduced that there must have been some unfavourable chain reaction prognosis between then and now to invoke such action, particularly as it was accompanied by a warning.
With two years to contemplate the puzzle, the Symbiants elected to annex the detail for now, but initiate comprehensive study of the new orbital paths of the 55 Cancri planetary bodies – all of them. The Earth database could allow calculations to actually reveal the presence of a new gravitational force.
The radio signals emitted from Nexus should also become a priority for gathering intelligence on what could be expected before arrival. Until now, all individuals aboard Phoenix had assumed the ‘noise’ was attributable to surviving, indigenous Axis groups.
The Sapients had more appetite for such distraction; the Axis had already engaged countdown mode and said they would rely on their friends to conduct the study. Kipchoge Yamamoto relished this stage. He had been the first Human to accept Symbiant modified genetic code insertion. Pascal 2, first generation replicant of Pascal Dupree – the Copernicus Doctor, had developed this procedure. It marked the first deliberate branch in Human evolution. Yamamoto, Red, (second generation replicant of Alex Redgrave) and Dan (first generation replicant of Daniel Carvalho) would act as the spearhead of the numbers research.
Carvalho still had a keen sense of detecting signals of clandestine activity and he approached Alex 2. “How about we take a stroll around the lake my friend?” The Symbiant recognised the bogus invitation and knew he couldn’t avoid the question, or more significantly, the answers. “It would be better in my quarters Daniel.”
“Yes, I thought it might. The body language of some of our fellows betrays concern. Is there a problem?” Alex 2 requested that the discussion should wait until they reached the secure location. When he next spoke, the Symbiant said, “I do not have evidence of a problem, but that does not mean there is no problem. Considering that the Progenitors deemed it necessary to make three transmissions and a warning, we must take it seriously.”
When he had recounted the detail to Carvalho, he paused. A silence prevailed for several minutes before he continued. “Red, Dan and Pascal 2 are all of the same opinion as I am. This would not have occurred only to remedy a release of negative energy, albeit a devastatingly destructive quantity. Without wishing to insult the Axis it would not have been triggered because several million individuals perished. Probability analysis is not helpful because of lack of hard data. Apart from confirming the brown dwarf conferred the new stable orbits, we may be able to determine when this occurred by extrapolation of Earth observations in our database. The early indications are that it was a considerable time after the wormhole cataclysm and the dissipation of the resultant energy release.”
Carvalho interjected, “How long after?”
Alex 2 was untypically evasive. “It may have been half a million years - or even longer.”
“And this is your concern?”
Alex 2 spoke slowly. “Of course, if such a period passed before the Progenitors intervened there must have been escalating adverse trends for some time after the Axis exodus. As you know we are uncomfortable with speculation, but if the developing critical point was due to purely cosmic aberrations there may still be ‘residue’ to be dealt with. Alternatively, if the cause was unpromising life forms ‘rocking the boat’- it may have been their radio noise the Gliese Axis reported. I do not need to elaborate on the effect such news would have on our friends aboard this vessel.”
Carvalho reflected on this momentarily and then nodded in recognition of the utter demoralisation this would inflict on all of the Axis clans.
Alex 2 was not finished. “I cannot stress too much that the delivery of the third message, some forty-three years after the first two, is part of our concern. It logically suggests that something may have been upgraded in status during that period. We have not ruled out a fourth message.” The uncertainty they craved had been delivered.
This however, had to be viewed against the backdrop of a burgeoning period of recovery in procreative potential during the voyage. The first Martian born Axis – Renewal, had been a ‘test tube’ success, albeit with Pascal 2 genetic enhancements and super stem cell grafts. Since then many offspring had survived with reduced laboratory intervention. ‘Rene’, as the Sapients referred to her, was good friends with the Carvalho children in their early years, as she was the only Axis juvenile to survive at that time. The friendship had endured long after the increase in Axis adolescents.
Daniel Carvalho was beginning to wish he had never asked the question. Apart from the hopes of the Axis being dashed yet again, if Alex 2’s first scenario proved correct, his own family was hurtling toward a potentially uninhabitable domain. This gave him the extra nudge, to suggest to Alex 2 that everyone should be informed of the situation, as a precautionary measure, and plans would only be adapted if new incoming observations warranted action.
“I realise I no longer have authority, and I can’t even speak for all Sapients, but my gut tells me that being prepared is of value – even if it carries emotional burden. Something you may not fully recognise, my friend, is that the Axis now have something extremely valuable to protect – their children. The Sapients have that too. That just leaves the Symbiants, and you already know.”
“You have always managed to confuse me Daniel. When we first worked together I would have communicated this out of logical necessity. Having got to know Humans and Axis, I began to feel I had gravitated to a more sensitive level of compassion – something not conferred to us by our masters. Now you confront me with another layer of emotional complexity. I am relieved to have got it wrong again.”
They looked at one another and needed no words of mutual respect. They departed to inform the Axis leader. As anticipated Fav was initially dumbfounded and as angry as either of them had ever witnessed. Slowly, he acknowledged they all faced the same fate and echoed Carvalho’s galvanic declaration around the children.
The sombre mood around the vessel persisted for several weeks. A scheduled drop out of QSD to normal propulsion coincided with an opportunity to ‘clean up’ incoming radio noise and the decoding marathon eventually yielded absolute verification of Axis symbols.
Hours of analysis revealed two important points. Firstly the language was considerably different to classical Axis at the time of the exodus. These survivors had been dwellers on the fringes of society, and living in deep caves had been their salvation. The second, more sobering revelation was that they were no longer the top evolutionary species. They had never been the dominant species; even the Martian Axis admitted that. That honour had fallen to the Ebexx. They were remembered as barely sentient, but very powerful carnivores. They used to fear the Axis technology which could more than compensate for physical deficiency. They used to avoid confrontation. They were likened to polar bears, but twice as big and with very short fur. They had apparently acquired sentience via a parasitic mechanism. A virus which had altered its metabolism and consequent relationship with hosts, to control them rather than kill them, was the real enemy. The virus had prospered through very efficient species jumping. It hadn’t been successful with the Axis on the planet because of natural immunity, but this may not last. In settling for the Ebexx, the virus had endowed them with sufficient cerebral stimulus to farm the Axis. As they were dealing with the outlying remnants of post-apocalypse individuals, there was no real resistance in the beginning. Gradually, escapees banded together and built fortresses in the mountain caves. The Ebexx didn’t have sufficient flexibility in cerebral physiology to defeat their defences, despite the enhancement of the virus, which was known as ‘Avezzc Kaschh’. This term was not known to the Axis aboard Phoenix. The predicament of being either livestock or cave-dwellers had seriously restricted the evolutionary development since the apocalypse, yet they had done remarkably well. There was no information as to the origin of the virus, so it could mean that it had come from impact fallout from the ‘good shepherd’ brown dwarf.
This was a lot to digest, but it was regarded as if it could have been a lot worse. At least they knew the planet was habitable and the atmosphere supported life. QSD was resumed.
The timeline for the transmission was not completely clear but it appeared to be between groups of Axis ‘commandos’. The natural immunity of the indigenous Axis did not imply that any of the species on Phoenix would carry such defence.

Chapter 2

The Axis had often apologised during the voyage for their frequent and elaborate references to how Nexus used to be. The others had come to believe there would be no surprises, but this news changed everything. Instead of daydreaming of red mountains and burnt orange evening clouds, they suddenly realised that such scenes were theatres of war. It now seemed less important that there were no oceans, only rivers and lakes. High, snow covered peaks and prodigious waterfalls were now perceived as hideouts and sanctuaries rather than natural wonders.
The patience to see the journey through had been tested many times, now it gnawed at the cohesive force between the three species. The almost sacred Axis belief in never employing lethal force to sentient beings was at the heart of the squabbles. There were no weapons on board to fuel the dispute, but the radio messages which had been intercepted indicated that the hunted were developing a new retaliatory device. Constant refusal to discuss this nurtured an ulcer in everyday communal activities. Being a tiny minority the Sapients began to bypass the issue except in discussion with the Symbiants. Alex 2 and his cohorts saw the situation as simply one of survival and proposed a typically pragmatic solution. If they could isolate, capture and replicate one of the Ebexx, the problem would take care of itself. Carvalho asked Alex 2 to sketch in some detail to support this ‘bloodless campaign’.
“If we are interpreting the intercepted data correctly, then the weakness of these aggressors is their interdependence with the virus. Replication does carry the risk of infecting the replicant, but if we can control this by disabling specific sentinel cells we can lure the virus to that decoy point of weakness. Subsequent amputation in the region will regenerate adapted cells and we then have one of their own to instruct in their midst. Study of the amputated part will give us the time to develop genetic code to insert immunity for all of us who may be at risk. If the replicant is not infected we have an even better scenario to dilute the effectiveness of the virus. This way the Sapients have their aggressive nature satiated and the Axis do not have to betray their cornerstone philosophy of turning the other cheek.”
Carvalho and Fav said in unison, “Who are ‘we’?”
“Initial exploration should be done by Symbiants who are replicated from Axis. This will produce less visual concern for the indigenous Axis and should still attract curiosity from the Ebexx. We need to know as soon as possible if there is an infection issue for the rest of our passengers. The Axis commandos do not need to know they are being assisted by the Continuance at the outset.” It was agreed.
In the remaining time to Nexus orbit insertion, the ruffled feathers were gradually smoothed. Rene had resumed her regular evening activities with Anna-Severine - Carvalho’s daughter. Both carried some conference of Pascal 2’s genetic code. Rene had direct insertion and Anna-Severine, unlike her two brothers, had been conceived after Carvalho himself had undergone the procedure. The two females had discussed the conferred features of their code and now brought up the question of how it may help in ‘outwitting’ the Ebexx. It was a valid point and it was encouraged by the Symbiants. Only a few Sapients had not yet opted for the procedure but there were hundreds of Axis who remained unconvinced.
The Sapients registered immediately, the Axis postponed their decision until they had more concrete information on the infection risk, and surprisingly, how their return would be perceived by their commando hosts.
The programme also spawned another discussion. Alex 2 took his turn to ask Carvalho if he would accompany him on a walk around the lake. The invitation was accepted. “I wanted to ask you to allow a final replication of yourself.”
“Why the hell would I want to do that?”
“I think it would be helpful.”
Carvalho laughed out loud. “I don’t know what you have brewing in that registry of yours, but Stella and the family would be horrified at such a bizarre proposal. I don’t want to discuss this any further unless you are completely open with me. First of all you rarely make suggestions, choosing ‘assisting promise’ mode. When you do make overtures they are invariably on very important issues. You have just made one with respect to the Ebexx; don’t you need a recovery period?”
Alex 2 ignored the sarcasm and replied, “I am almost certain I will receive another message. You notice the use of the personal pronoun?”
“Go on.”
“I have new first tier registry space of very significant capacity, and it is different. I have cautiously and indirectly determined that the other Symbiants have not been affected in this way. I do not know why I did not ask about this openly, I just did what seemed appropriate. It concerns me that I acted this way and even more that I am now discussing it with you, yet that also feels right. Could you think about my request, and keep this between the two of us for now?” A worried Carvalho nodded affirmation.
It was Red who reminded everyone that a brown dwarf had been registered by Earth astronomers in the Gliese system. He suggested asking the Axis from that settlement about any observations they had made which could be useful. Alex 2 was unresponsive at first, quoting the warning, but acknowledged that this was not the ‘special’ brown dwarf. The sub-space message was sent and the reply was expected within weeks as the three pilgrim ships were on a convergent course.
The reunion with uncertainty and danger had passed into stage two, one of more communal recreation, and it seemed everyone had a theory or counter-theory. It was good for morale and the illusion of time passing quicker was welcome.
The eldest Carvalho son, Fernando, was normally much more placid than his brother and sister, but this had given him a platform. Although his mother and father had accepted the Pascal 2 insertion code, they had wanted the children to make their own decision on this when they were old enough to appreciate the implications of the choice. Fernando was the one who went ahead with the procedure in his early twenties. His siblings wanted to wait until they were nearer Nexus, and were now scheduled with the rest of the Sapients.
Fernando’s decision had been heavily influenced by Kipchoge Yamamoto, not directly, but by listening to explanations about cosmic phenomena he could not figure out by himself. His placid nature had been reinforced by the code. Yamamoto was always challenging the Symbiants, and Fernando craved the respect they reciprocated to his friend. He was now amongst the ‘elite’ speakers when things like brown dwarfs were discussed. His siblings pestered him for his opinions for the first time in his life.
“A brown dwarf is a sub-stellar object with mass between that of the lowest for stars and the highest for planets. Some refer to them as failed stars – ones where no hydrogen fusion has occurred and the primary fuel, deuterium has been exhausted. Sometimes they exist as wandering bodies, but they are commonly companions of small stars at separation of 4AU or more.”
Anna-Severine intruded, “Why does that make them off-limits according to these Progenitors?”
Fernando chuckled. “Patience please, that comes later. It has been proposed that as these bodies are self-heating, and do not rely only on true solar radiation, this should be a promising scenario for life on planets which orbit them.” This was the blue touch paper. Rafael’s artistic vision could see a science fiction book or play falling into his lap. His sister was not so content. “Does that mean there will be life on the brown dwarf in 55 Cancri?”
“Anni, if you’re going to talk all of the time you’ll learn nothing.”
“I’m not just talking; I’m asking questions – which you never answer.”
Fernando smiled and said, “We can’t know all of the answers at this point, but they will emerge. Now, the brown dwarf in the Gliese system orbits the red dwarf star Gliese 229. It’s between twenty and fifty times the mass of Jupiter, but with a similar diameter. It has an observable atmosphere – particulates – which are neither ice nor silicates. They are probably organic. The distance to the companion star can have a strong bearing on life potential of orbiting planets. The Axis travelling from that region settled on a planet which had already produced life, so we need to know everything they have observed in the last three million years; it could give us clues on what we can expect from the ‘special’ brown dwarf, which appeared about half a million years after the exodus. Maybe that’s what the warning is about, in other words, not to disturb the ecosystem.”
Anna-Severine was a very talented artist, and like Rafael, began to see potential sculptures on the horizon. They were both hooked and for the first time in their lives getting less time than Fernando with their father. It was disorienting and it was left to Stella to fill the space.
Yamamoto had returned to work with Ari Nielsen (Chief Science Officer of the Sapients) and Karel Sevicek (Ex-Earth Propulsion Theorist). There was general disappointment at the apparent intellectual level of the indigenous Axis, but the warning had almost the opposite effect – it was like a lure. They accepted that the Symbiants didn’t have the means or the arrogance to challenge the Progenitors, but they felt that they themselves had the right to challenge the Symbiants. Furthermore, Alex 2 had declared on many occasions, that these overlords wouldn’t get involved in trivial actions. They decided they hadn’t been given all the information received and would tackle him about it.

Chapter 3

The Gliese Axis replied promptly. The devil was in the detail. The brown dwarf itself did not seem to merit much of a mention, confirming much of recent Earth data. The Gliese planet Nexus however, may have received a mixed inheritance from this intruder. The general conditions for life were so positive that the food chain was continually changing. Many evolutionary dead ends occurred in comparison to either Earth or Nexus. Newcomers to this scramble for a foothold had to adapt in extremely short order. If they did survive it was usually by courtesy of taking advantage of an already established species in some way. Amongst the most successful were viral strains, which had somehow managed to trick the immune system of the host into a ‘pseudo symbiotic’ relationship. This ultimately became one of dominance. Some of the Axis there had been infected and turned against their own species. It was eventually discovered that there was only a small percentage at risk, because of a peculiar genetic aberration. It was the converse of a minority surviving plagues with ‘natural’ immunity. The reception of this matter of fact report differed considerably amongst the population aboard Phoenix.
The Sapients were even more convinced that the warning was related to viral import from the special brown dwarf. The Axis were now insistent on delaying any Pascal 2 code insertions, and felt the best option was to remain in orbit until the Gliese vessel arrived to make genetic comparisons with the two Axis clans before interfering with the pecking order on Nexus. This was based on the hope that the virus controlling the Ebexx was remotely similar to the Gliese variety. The policy of non-interference was the same in some ways to that which they had displayed when moving to Europa instead of claiming Earth. The Symbiants pointed out that although they did not concur with this ‘plan’, Sapients should temper their derision of the current Axis disposition with their Martian decision to allow Humanity to flourish.
“Ok,” said Yamamoto, “but this is their own species being bred for dinner. If there was merit in them standing off Earth while we emerged, they can surely understand that our view is a consequence of their decision. It’s a convoluted logic, but I feel it vindicates our support of your plan to replicate a captive Ebexx and give us the means of protecting our own families. We can’t just go along with their ‘lottery’ attitude that most of them may survive.”
Alex 2 looked troubled. “I agree, but now there is an additional complication. Apart from how long we may have to wait for the Gliese genetic data to be compiled, the Axis who are with us now do not want any existing replicants of theirs to participate in the Ebexx plan, and they have refused new replications. So we must re-think the detail.”
Yamamoto seized upon this impasse as the time to confront the Symbiant. “Some of us are of the opinion that you may be withholding some of the content of the third message from the Progenitors. To put it bluntly, we only have your word that they exist, and therefore whatever instruction you receive. I’m not saying we don’t believe you, but we need to know a hell of a lot more than they are supposed to have communicated so far. We have committed a significant part of our lifetimes to this mission, on the basis that you remind us of the need to be on the same team. We’re not the ones lacking promise now – that accolade has been usurped by the Axis on board. We need leadership that we can identify with; we have no time to even consider the Progenitors right now. There is a conflict to be decided – not balanced.” These provocative sentiments found support from the small Sapient contingent. Carvalho found himself torn.
Tension was on the rise again. Alex 2 pressed Carvalho for further consideration of undergoing replication. “My request is related to my increasing feeling that I may not exist in my present form for much longer. I find it impossible to discuss this with my kin for exactly the same reason. There is an external influence involved with both sensations. You are the only individual with whom I can trust this concern. That is also tied into the overlay – I am expected to believe your replicant would fill in the real need for this. It sounds totally illogical, I know, and that in itself is disorienting for any member of the Continuance. It is almost as if a witness to some transformation is required before it occurs, and who is not quite a Symbiant.”
Carvalho’s uncooperative stance was giving way to concern. “I trust you unconditionally as Alex 2, you know that. I have difficulty in grasping the purpose of what you’re saying, and I’m not sure this transformation hasn’t commenced already. Can you pinpoint any event which started this sensation which is haunting you?”
“Not precisely the initiation, but there have been spikes since then, for example, Yamamoto’s outburst. On the one hand I accept his criticism, and so do the rest of the Symbiants – I can feel this. On the other hand they are unable to detect my ‘fear’ at his intentions. None of this should be happening but it is. Please think about what I have said and if you decline maybe I will experience another sensation.”
Rene was not enjoying the popularity with the Axis she had grown accustomed to since birth. This was largely down to her leanings to the Sapients’ position with regard to the viral threat. She was one of the few of her species with the Pascal 2 code and this was seen as being primarily responsible for the ‘deviant’ philosophy. It didn’t help that she spent so much time at the Carvalho quarters, mostly with Anna-Severine, but increasingly with Daniel and Fernando. Fav tried to diffuse some of the feelings, by reminding his citizens that it was precisely the genius of Pascal 2, which resulted in Rene being the first Axis offspring to have survived since they first left Nexus. He challenged many of the detractors by asking why they celebrated the event for over three days. He also demanded she was shown the same respect as they had for the troublesome ‘virus driven’ Ebexx. “Anything less would be total hypocrisy.”
Carvalho had decided he could not consider Alex 2’s request any further without discussing the implications for his entire family, particularly Stella. He made a different proposal to Alex 2. “We already have Dan, and although he looks exactly how I did in my late twenties, he still carries my memories albeit in a Symbiant architecture. Surely he could be your witness.”
“I am afraid that is not what is required; he will have to remain as he is. You may recall that the first trials with the QSD unit were with Dan as the control interface. In order to achieve this he had to vacate data storage space to enable response time. Amongst the deleted content was recollection of some of your memory, seemingly unnecessary detail. Unfortunately there was an incident which is now important, but he deleted it. Anyway a new entity seems to be required partly from you as ‘Humanoid’ and partly from me as ‘Continuance’. If the physical appearance is the worry, because it would cause emotional difficulty for Stella, particularly after your death, this may be an alterable parameter. In fact I am now certain that would be the case.”
The frown on Carvalho’s face was the only form of reply. As he walked back to his home his mind was ablaze with conflict. Here was a friend, who had always been up front about personal matters, yet now he seemed to be agitated about not being able to deliver sufficient data about his proposal. This was more akin to his non-proactive mode of technical assistance, but in this case he was selling the need to act very quickly. Carvalho wondered what would happen if he had already died. Would there be some other suitable candidate? This whole situation had moved from one he felt he needed to share with Stella, to one where he could legitimately be thought to be on mind-expanding substances. His gut just kept on telling him that it was seriously important.
As he passed a lakeside cafe, he saw Yamamoto holding court. The gathering was predominantly Sapients, but Red and Dan were in the background and a handful of Axis had been drawn into the rather one-sided discussion. “I’m a dedicated scientist – proof is an essential part of my leaning on whether to believe or not. Whilst I don’t concur with the Axis posture on allowing these virally controlled Ebexx to breed their species for the abattoir, this may not be the most pressing problem. Like many others, I’ve made good friends and enjoyed working with the Symbiants. If I was a conspiracy theorist rather than a scientist I would view the situation as a farce. Think about it. The Human race lands on Mars and within days Alex Redgrave is replicated. We are told of the Progenitors, and are impressed with the benign nature, prodigious intellect and desire to assist us, according to the Continuance. They then discover the Axis, who conveniently colonised Mars millions of years before, and acted like remote carers for Humans. When they return to see the fruits of their vigil we invite them to stay. We all undergo further replication and more significantly, some of the Humans agree to genetic code modification. We even restore the supposed infertile Axis procreative capability. Why stop there? We work together to develop safe QSD propulsion. Then lo and behold, we find out from another Axis outpost that Nexus has not been annihilated by the neighbouring gas giants – it has stabilised. So all of the Axis clans want to come home, and the Symbiants make out a good case for joining them, persuading many Sapients in the process. When we almost get there we’re told that the Progenitors actually fixed the gas giants, but we don’t need to know more and we must not investigate this ‘failed star’, which was the means of restoring balance. Now that we are back to 55 Cancri, the Axis propose the ‘abandonment’ of the very souls they came forty-plus light years to meet, and thus ignite some kind of spiritual renewal. The lynchpin of all this is the Progenitors. My question is, are they a clever illusory deception? We can never have proof; that is what we are told. So we’re confronted with delivering faith without proof, does that sound familiar? I make no apologies to Red and Dan, who I see are in attendance, they have become my closest friends – I think! The time has come for us to know more. I see we also have Axis individuals with us. I’m not criticising your hard-wired passive philosophy, and I accept that Human society used to be no better than the Ebexx, prior to synthetic food production. We also had battery farms to feed our increasing numbers. But, is it wrong to protect your own species from barbaric predators? All I know is that I can’t sit by idly and not think about these decisions. I instinctively and compassionately feel I must help the kin of our Axis friends, and leverage more transparency from the Continuance.”
Carvalho was struck by the vocal support for Yamamoto’s views and this extended to the Axis members who were present. The Symbiants were expressionless. Daniel Carvalho could have done without this fermenting revolutionary talk. He wanted to see his family settled on the new world, and take his chance with cheating death after that. He knew however, that the probability of life unfolding the way we desperately wanted it to, was very low. He decided to sleep on it as he recalled Alex 2 saying a refusal may spark another message or sensation.

Chapter 4

A week had passed and although many gatherings had taken place in restaurants, libraries and social meeting points, the opinion polls had not altered significantly. The great surprise for Carvalho was that Alex 2 had not mentioned his anxiety again. He was spending time with Ari Nielsen and they were discussing the striated rocks he had brought from Mars. Alex 2 had fastened on to Nielsen’s passionate belief that if the Symbiants, who had constructed the road bridge over a fissure on the way to Utopia Planitia had detoured to collect them, they must be of interest. All chemical analysis had failed to indicate why. Alex 2 asked which Symbiants had been responsible, but Nielsen didn’t know. It was therefore left for Alex 2 to question each member of the Continuance aboard the vessel. Carvalho couldn’t see a connection between this discussion and Alex 2’s request for him to agree to a new replication, but he decided to ask about it in a circuitous way. “I’ve thought long and hard about your request and I still can’t see the point. It might help if you could explain what would be the situation if I’d passed away when I was ‘only’ ninety or so.”
The response was instant. “I would be pursuing the course I am currently on. Your reluctance to proceed was interpreted as being the same as refusing.”
“Has that direction got anything to do with Nielsen?”
Alex 2 nodded. “Indirectly, but this does not mean it is too late for you to agree to replication. The deadline will be precise as we enter Nexus orbit, unless the Nielsen route leads us there first.”
The Epsilon Eridani vessel had suffered enforced QSD dropout. The message was some weeks old and asked for help. Fav tried to engage Alex 2, who politely referred him to Red and Dan. They in turn said they would prefer direct discussion to go through the Sapients who were members of the think-tank group – Yamamoto, Nielsen and Sevicek. Fav knew he could expect a frosty reception from Kipchoge Yamamoto, but made the request for him to renew his working relationship with Rose, the Axis propulsion technologist who had opted for the genetic code enhancement back on Mars. Surprisingly Yamamoto agreed, on one condition. He wanted Fernando Carvalho to be included to allow Nielsen and Sevicek to plough on with their frustrating test schedule on the striated rocks.
Alex 2 had run to ground the three Symbiants who had collected those rocks. They didn’t offer much clarification. They did reveal that they ‘instinctively’ chose those samples. It had to do with the rocks’ previous interaction with the Continuance over four billion years ago. Although this added to Nielsen’s frustration, he suggested to Alex 2 that the significance may not be as simple as chemical analyses. “There are multiple permutations of atomic and molecular arrangements, none of which are remotely interesting.”
Alex 2 turned away, and then checked. “If interaction took place all those millennia ago, maybe the signatures will be different now.”
“Yes but.....”
“Wait,” said the Symbiant, “they could have been absorbed, transformed, evaporated or consumed...that is the most likely reason – consumed. Quite possibly the interaction is the clue and the answer. Mr. Nielsen, let us look at maximum magnification rather than elemental analysis.”
They hurriedly placed samples under the most powerful electron microscope on board. Nielsen peered at the output. “Well it looks exactly like our old enemy Legionella.”
Alex 2 declared, “Not exactly Mr. Nielsen, look at the interconnections, they are not individual organisms. These clusters are different.” Higher magnification confirmed this and partially identified the conduit material, provoking a further comment from the Symbiant. “We need to speak again with the Axis.”
“Why is that?” asked Nielsen.
“Because the transmissions from the surface of Nexus claimed the organisms controlling the Ebexx were viruses.”
“Yes I know,” sneered Nielsen, “but these Legionella are er... bacteria.”
“Precisely,” countered Alex 2, “but the connecting tissue is a mutated virus we have encountered before on Mars. Don’t you see? The Axis on the surface may or may not know the difference, but we believe they have adapted to take control rather than kill the host. Think about it Mr. Nielsen, viruses are useful in genetic engineering but can’t multiply by themselves. Bacteria can be beneficial and are capable of dividing to multiply. A mutation of each can confer a benefit for both. Viruses have been used to target tumours and ‘good’ bacteria are accepted by some organic immune systems. I think you call it ‘the wooden horse of Troy’. The interaction we see here from Mars must have died out because of poor host candidates. The one on Nexus, if my prognosis is correct, does not suffer so badly. We must see if the Axis can glean anything more from these transmissions.”
Carvalho was apprised of this latest theory and asked Alex 2 if it was more speculation than science. The Symbiant confessed it was, but sent a shiver down his friend’s spine when he explained more about the speculation. “I correlate the sensations I have with certain events. If you recall, the return of the first Copernicus mission from Mars involved Legionella, and all Humans who survived the assault which killed Javier Veltrano, have now passed away. You and I are the only remaining witnesses. It also links Legionella to the sensation that I must talk to Nielsen. Dr. Balinsky administered the antibiotics to the others. I can’t make the connection to you.”
“I can,” admitted Carvalho, “when we were separating and I headed for Portugal, I remarked to Balinsky that I had mild symptoms similar to those who had actually gone down with the infection. She wrote the name of both types of medication she had used and recommended that I get some before departing.”
“And did you?”
“I intended to but the symptoms eased off.”
Alex 2 was processing data furiously. “There is another possibility; we both witnessed Pascal Dupree descending into the same kind of coma which afflicted Veltrano. He asked for and received permission for replication as a last resort. You and I were there when that replicant - Trois, who we later lost in an accident, explained something to Dupree.”
Carvalho drew breath, “You’re right, he said that unfortunately the replication had not conferred immunity to Dupree, but he was aware that the unusually long process had distracted the infecting species by having to deal with two totally different immune systems at once. It gave Dupree’s the respite to renew the resistance.”
Alex 2 smiled. “Yes, and that must be the connection, why I am continually sensing you and I are supposed to re-enact the Dupree replication, with myself becoming part of your replication. That must be what is required.”
Carvalho nodded but raised an inconsistency in the theory. “Dan became my replicant after that episode.”
“That is true, but he deleted that knowledge when he became the Q.S.D. interface. This protection we are being advised of requires infection of a Humanoid, interference via replicant immunity and the transference of my immunity to you during the process. This last step did not occur with the Pascal Dupree situation on Copernicus. It is the insurance for your survival and your new replicant will consume the rest of me so that the entire knowledge is preserved. It is being designated as an essential defence against anticipated onslaught in the future. We will refer to this threat as Virubact. Your new immune structure will be copied and pasted into Sapient genetic code for the rest of your kin.” Just then Alex 2 received the expected fourth transmission; it clarified the warning about the special brown dwarf, or rather a solid body which was orbiting it.
Alex 2 spoke as the transmission passed into his storage structure. “The tiny moon is the potential problem. When the dwarf star was trying to form from stellar dust, as anticipated, it accreted a lot of solid matter and collisions occurred. Debris from such splintering bodies contained more types of virus/bacterial hybrids. Many of these are not troublesome, but a few are much more advanced than the one currently affecting the Ebexx. Now the final part – you have natural immunity to the Nexus hybrid because of your flirtation with the similar Martian variety brought aboard Copernicus. However, none of us individually would be able to defeat some which may come our way in the near future. There is a lot of information about how viruses are the secondary foe of the Progenitors. It is too detailed for now. I am expected to become the new tertiary replicant, replacing my current form. You would not have to worry about me resembling you in appearance, and without this procedure all passengers on Phoenix may perish.”
Carvalho realised the difficulty of explaining this to his family and the rest of the Sapients. Apparently the other Symbiants would receive the upgraded data after replication. “Let’s do it while I’m still confused.”
Alex 2 suggested Pascal 2 should administer the amorphous form of the red crystals intravenously, to quicken the process and therefore the immune transfer. He suggested he could also monitor the situation and take correctional steps if problems were encountered. However there was the small matter of freeing and ‘reviving’ the Virubacts in Nielsen’s rocks and then securing them again.
“I would like to make one, but hopefully not last request,” said Carvalho.
“Go ahead.”
“Can we make the new entity look like you? It will cause less confusion when we try to explain the reasons for all this hybridisation, especially as you implied you would ‘disappear’.”
“Very well, but you do realise I will not be exactly the same as before the event, I will be permanently ‘contaminated’ with your characteristics – good and bad.”
Carvalho managed a grin.

Chapter 5

The Epsilon Eridani contingent faced a serious problem. If they could not restore QSD propulsion, the snail’s pace alternative thrust could see them effectively drifting for hundreds of years.
Yamamoto recalled the problems the Martian coalition had, when the pilot tests were carried out, and how they were overcome by thinner, more accurate Seaborgium Oxy-chloride deposition, together with more precision in field generator design. If the former was responsible it would have been a recurring problem. If it was the latter the gradient control could be altered to some degree from within the vessel. Rose was worried that the pentagonal interlocks of the individual component thirty metre QSD units may have shifted. If this was the case, an EVA would involve adjusting radioactive panels in Hazmat suits. Red and Dan reminded both of them that they needed to compile a list of questions for the Axis on the vessel, and make them aware of the critical need for accuracy in their reply. Fernando was getting a real buzz from just listening to these exchanges. He felt important, and knew his family would be hungry for details.
Alex 2 and Pascal 2 conferred on the retained knowledge of the Martian Virubacts. The optimum temperature for replication was 28.7 degrees Celsius and they preferred a humid atmosphere as well as slight acidity – ph of around 6.5.They insisted on carrying out the procedure without Sapients present as a precaution against accidental contamination. The culture took some days to show definite activity; this was restricted by a designed nutrient. They were ready.
Carvalho had elected to explain all of this to Stella after he was discharged. He gave her the excuse that Pascal 2 was hospitalising him for a few days to conduct tests with the objective of further prolonging his life. “I don’t want to be disturbed during this invasive marathon Stella; it’ll be unpleasant enough without upsetting the family routine. Pascal 2 will keep you up to date. See you in a few days. I bet you are glad of a break from me anyway.” He winked at her and kissed her lightly on the cheek.
Pascal 2 had been brought up to date with the rationale for this procedure and agreed it should remain between the three of them until success was achieved. He had no doubt about the outcome.
The infection level was set at a dosage between that of a typical flu jab, and one of full blown contagion strength. Even after specimen analysis showed Virubact advance, Carvalho did not perceive symptoms. It was put down to resistance conferred by his brush with Legionella. As soon as the Virubacts overwhelmed this initial defence, the amorphous form was delivered and within two hours the replication was overtaking the march of the infection. Alex 2 was linked to Carvalho via more amorphous form and as yet did not seem to be interacting. Carvalho was drifting in and out of consciousness and during a lucid spell he was informed by Alex 2 that he was now ‘in the traffic’. The next half hour was bizarre, even for the medical Symbiant. Carvalho was very still. Then he displayed uncharacteristic symptoms of panic as he watched and felt Alex 2 begin to coalesce into the contact conduit between them. Unlike a ‘standard’ replication he was also conscious at the moment of development of the expected lump appearing on his temple. He was calmed to some extent by Pascal 2 declaring that the Virubacts were no longer making progress in their campaign to control nerve tissue. The metabolic shifts saw Alex 2 ‘disconnected’ in terms of cogent verbal contribution and his physical form was no longer recognisable. He was entering faster than ‘he’ was emerging. Carvalho knew he was experiencing sadness but could not make sense of why it was so intense – he had known this was going to happen. It was no longer possible to decipher facial expression of his former friend and the swelling on his temple was now transforming into a Humanoid outline according to Pascal 2. The eventual disappearance of Alex 2 was accompanied by a brief cerebral timeout for Carvalho, and when his perception returned Pascal 2 was busy with readouts and his attention was focussed on a mini-revival of the ‘pincered’ Virubacts. The emergent entity was now beginning to resemble the absorbed one when another departure from regular replication surfaced. Pascal 2 said he was able to converse with Alex 2 again in their renowned silent technobabble. The gist of his statement was that there was no cause for concern about the Virubact defiance. It was merely an internal Continuance architecture, allowing contamination to re-educate the regeneration process on a cellular level, and total immunity would follow. That was exactly what happened. At separation, the new entity was quicker than normal in adjusting vocal tones to match the host. This was an unforeseen error. The replicant looked like a twin of Alex 2 but spoke like Carvalho. This could and would be altered in due course. The new Alex 2 declared that he was immune to the Virubact mechanism of control, and Pascal 2 confirmed that Daniel Carvalho was recovering well from this attack.
Alex 2 suggested that it would be prudent to advise everyone at the same time on these events and he could disclose more about this secondary enemy of the Progenitors.
At the Carvalho residence Fernando was explaining the dire circumstances of the stranded Axis. Some of the technical aspects were not fully appreciated but the emotional plight hit home and his siblings realised this could happen to them. They were also proud that their brother was a part of the team trying to rescue kin of their friend Rene.
Fernando milked the attention and switched subjects to demonstrate his wider influence. “You also need to know more about this danger we face from the virus controlling the Ebexx. We must be prepared.” He slipped into lecture mode, and unknowingly said something which would earn him even more status when Alex 2 revealed all. “You need to know the differences between viruses and bacteria to fully appreciate the concern. Viruses are smaller, ranging from 20-400 nanometres diameter, whereas bacteria are around 1000 nanometres. Viruses are particularly adept at attaching themselves to unprotected tissue such as the lungs. They need to do this to replicate, and this can give them a head start on the immune system. It appears from the Nexus broadcasts, that the Ebexx intruders have developed this one stage further to control some of the nerve tissues. Imagine the problem being intensified by viruses acquiring the ability to self-replicate.”
Stella, Rafael, Anna-Severine and Rene were spellbound, but their clamour for more information was interrupted by a Symbiant messenger requesting everyone to assemble at the lakeside forum.
Alex 2 prefaced his revelations by saying that he hoped what was to follow would offer a full explanation of recent events and the stepwise acquisition of knowledge which some individuals had demanded earlier, but he did not have sufficient clarity at that particular moment. This was not exactly a sideswipe at Yamamoto, but it appealed for understanding in similar circumstances in the future.
He went on. “The message which provided details of the stabilising force in 55 Cancri was received at about the same time as the radio noise on Nexus was verified as Axis, and it also revealed the viral infection of the Ebexx. The warning which accompanied the brown dwarf disclosure was in retrospect, to avoid further possible assault by similar virus strains from the region of this sub-stellar body. The proof of this has only just been verified by corroborating evidence, and a further communication of data from the source of the first three messages. By being reminded of similar viral activity back on Mars over four billion years ago, I investigated rocks which fortuitously came with us, and were in Ari Nielsen’s possession. The visual enhancement results proved that bacterial and viral interaction had already occurred. This symbiotic pact gave a new dimension to their evolution. That is how they have controlled the Ebexx. Although the Axis on Phoenix have probably got similar immunity to this specific threat, the warning was to declare that there will be many other types to which none of us have adequate individual protection. Daniel Carvalho has some natural resistance to the Martian type from his first stay on the planet, and I had a different immune approach. We have performed a replication of Daniel and myself in order to confer comprehensive resistance. This has been verified by the absence of need for further messages or guidance. Pascal 2 will be offering genetic code insertions which will give the combined immune structure to everyone. The next piece of information is surprising for me, and yet it completes the logic of what has been transmitted to us in serial parts. The advance of viruses in a cosmic context is significant enough to register concern with the Progenitors. They are a species which appeared to have phenomenal potential a long time ago. The paradigm jump in capability which we face currently is not only considered as no longer promising, but a direct threat to those species which are promising. We might see their ability to control certain species as novel, but they have been at this point for much longer than either the Axis or Sapients took to emerge from primordial soup. The Virubacts, as they will be known, detract from the overall progress against dark energy by stalling evolutionary development in general. They are apparently winning control, and then causing stagnation in progression, as they still cannot find a route to more complexity for their own metabolism. There are sectors of the Cosmos where they abound and render the region ‘infertile’. The Progenitors rely heavily on species making the transition to understanding all of the forces in cosmic struggles, and consequently, the essential need for balance. It may take some time for this information to be fully digested. We suggest re-convening here tomorrow to answer your questions.”
The silence persisted as the gathering broke into groups. Daniel Carvalho could see he was in for a hard time as he re-joined Stella and the family.
Alex 2 had deliberately left out the fact that he was now different. This was not a focus for the Axis or Sapients, but he now had to face the rest of the Symbiants who needed to know more.
Stella’s tirade would have to wait, as Fernando was subjected to a hail of accusatory questions. Anna-Severine was first. “How long have you known about these Virubacts?”
“I didn’t.....”
Rafael hurled another barbed statement, intonated as a question. “I thought you and this team was working solely on helping the stranded Axis vessel.”
“If you will just....”
His sister regained the momentum. “You must have known about Father too, when were you going to let us in on that?”
The inquisition was relentless until Carvalho stepped in. “You are both being very unfair to Fernando. You haven’t even given him a chance to answer your empty allegations, when I would’ve thought you had sufficient trust in him to know he wouldn’t have kept you or your Mother in the dark about this. Now I can tell you that only three individuals had any knowledge of these events, and I am the only Sapient who was trusted with the information, purely because I had the required immune level. Now I think you owe your brother an apology and I owe all of you mine, mostly you Stella.”
Fernando leapt to his father’s defence before anyone could continue with the negative take. “We should be celebrating what Father has done for all of us, not just the family, but Rene here and the rest of the Axis. Even the ‘impregnable’ Symbiants will benefit. You need to know more about these Virubacts before we start criticising anyone.”
Stella found her anger at Daniel being choked and replaced by pride in her eldest son seeing the bigger picture, and she had to admit to herself that she would have tried to talk him out of the replication. She asked Fernando to continue.
He was happy to do so. “Considering viruses alone is important. They are the borderline between living and non-living things. They can be dormant for very long periods of time, and are stimulated by conditions which suit them, in a host. This is not all that different from the way the red crystal exits hibernation and proceeds to replicate a host. They are thought to be complex molecules of protein and nucleic acids; that is why some scientists refer to them as ‘bits of genetic code’. They show no lifelike activity until introduced to a living cell. They cannot be ‘grown’ in the lab with simple nutrients as bacteria can. These ones Alex 2 talked about from Mars were inactive because the bacterial content in the hybrid was basically in stasis. The nutrient used was to control the proliferation of the bacteria and therefore the virus. When a normal virus enters the host cell, it changes the chemistry of that cell to produce toxins harmful to the host. So the two main disadvantages they had have been eliminated when they teamed up with bacteria. They can sneak into a host by being temporarily invisible to the immune system and they can alter the cell chemistry to control the information flow at that cellular level. This is surely why the Progenitors are taking the threat so seriously. It’s also logical that they seek to protect the mechanism of the Continuance, like viruses, seeded throughout the Cosmos, just waiting for a host. They are competitors for sentience.”
Carvalho struggled to prevent a wry smile; nobody had made this connection, not even Alex 2. Fernando finished with a worrying comment. “Although we know what viruses are, there are some diseases we have failed to eradicate, such as HIV, because we don’t know how they were ‘born’. Anyway, I need to get back to Yamamoto and Rose; I think they have more data transmission from the Epsilon Eridani vessel.”
Rene was more determined than ever to shake her kin out of their apathy, and there were growing numbers of Axis in agreement with this sentiment after Alex 2’s briefing. The imminent session for questions could not come soon enough.

Chapter 6

They were scanning the new data, including telemetry. Rose was happy that the interlocks did not show movement which would have caused the problem. Yamamoto had picked out marginal and sporadic aberrations in the field generator switching synchronisation, but Dan and Red didn’t feel they were the root cause. As Rose was doing most of the translation of a morass of log entries over the decades of the journey, it was understandable that she missed the significance of the rare reports of ion storms, especially as the reports concluded with – ‘no damage reported’.
In his ‘apprentice’ capacity of dredging through stuff which had already been examined by Rose and Yamamoto, Fernando queried the possibility of a cumulative effect on the closed-loop interface management. The two Symbiants hadn’t got into this detail, preferring to spend time discussing the theories of Yamamoto, urging him to move to other areas of investigation than his obsession with the field generator. These arguments became quite heated and when Fernando quietly asked if they could use their prodigious data processing power to run simulations of the possible ion storm effects, it silenced the debate.
Within a couple of hours and millions of calculations they both agreed that this was a more likely cause than anything considered so far. On checking the logs for Phoenix, there were only three such recorded events. However, when trawling through the plethora of data around the specific dates they found a trend. There was a minute shift in the synchronisation each time, but the values were still within operational tolerance specification. More importantly, there was a very gradual return to the original position before the storm. It appeared that there was a gentle self-correction discharge curve of the effect. By contrast the Epsilon Eridani vessel had never quite regained neutrality before being confronted by another storm. Once the interface reached a particular level of phase separation, the effect took progressively longer to self-correct. It was a cycle which could only be broken by less frequent storms and therefore longer ‘recovery’ times. The easiest solution was to do nothing until the discharge reached a specific threshold. The bad news was that it could take over a year for this to occur. The project team had now shifted focus – on how to purge the interface management without causing other problems.
Red and Dan left the group and made their way to see Alex 2. The rest of the Symbiants were gathered and a mass technobabble session began. Unlike the other two species there was no debate or views which were at variance with what was to happen next. All individuals underwent updates in registry and data assembly. This was to the outsider an impressive demonstration of cohesiveness, except for one ‘desire’ for further detail. If the three Symbiants on Mars had instinctively collected the rocks containing Virubacts, why had there been no discussion about this until now? This gradually attracted more technobabble traffic, and the semantic notion of instinct equating to urging by the Progenitors, came under scrutiny. There were still gaps. Ari Nielsen could easily have discovered the Virubacts on his own. It troubled many of them that if they were meant to collect the samples it may have also been an early warning not to build Phoenix and travel to a proverbial haven for these agents. A haven which, to a great degree, was sculptured by the formation of the brown dwarf, and that was supposedly to engage Interference with a capital ‘I’. The logic routines of some but not all attendees were in danger of causing a crash in their operating system. Alex 2 asked those with this malfunction to temporarily delete the data which he had just transferred to them until the reason for the divergence could be researched. Red was one of them, Dan was not. It struck Alex 2 that as he and Red had come from the same replication source, that he really was different now.
When the gathering dispersed Pascal 2 indicated he was, like Dan, unaffected by the conflicting logic presented by one of the finders of the rocks in question. That Symbiant was Finn. He had detoured from his work at Candor Chasm to the bridge construction at the fissure and asked two others to assist in collecting ‘representative’ samples. The other two had merely agreed, but all three had been aware that they had to select the pieces by employing their vision apparatus at maximum resolution. This was a unilateral act by Finn. They had not questioned this at the time, and Finn had been re-deployed to begin the task of drilling boreholes at the base of Candor Chasm, believed to be for relieving volcanic pressure. The same boreholes had flushed out chunks of carbon in the form of diamonds. What else had they flushed out? After all this time Finn revealed that he had felt a ‘need’ to investigate more samples than just the diamonds, but the Humans feared consequences of the discovery of the sparklers, so he had to hide them and his curiosity was bypassed. Now he felt there could be some connection with the Virubacts, which he had obviously been despatched to find, and return to the analytical expertise of Ari Nielsen and Jussi Pykonnen. The subsequent accident, resulting in Pykonnen’s death, became the sole focus for days, and relegated the Virubact rocks to storage and future investigation. If he had known then what he knew now, the results would have been available prior to Mars departure. The other two Symbiants felt similar unease. Finn felt they should warn the Humans left on Mars.
Alex 2, Pascal 2, and Dan responded by suggesting it could be a fruitless gesture, quoting the time elapsed. They argued that if there were Virubacts in the chasm, they would have reactivated by now. To their surprise Red supported Finn’s request. “We can at least inform them of the tertiary replication you performed, they have crystal.”
This mild-mannered disagreement was troubling the Symbiants as a group, it was new territory. As the Axis also showed cleavage over the Ebexx issue, the Sapients were the most harmonious clique aboard.
The most worrying element of this ‘insubordination’ was that they all had the same data, yet Alex 2 had explained how he was now different. “I have not confused the other species with this information, as I do not understand its meaning at present. We must prevent further individualistic development within our ranks.” He conceded to comply with Finn’s warning to Mars in order to help foster a return to unanimity.
Carvalho reflected on Fernando’s diligence in being instrumental in the identification of the Epsilon Eridani stranded vessel. His elder son had been the most reticent of the children to embrace centre stage, even in his late twenties. The others were only too happy to attract attention to their own offerings in the arts. He knew his body was failing, but this added to his desperation to build a home on Nexus and see his family settled. Fernando had given him new pride to aid his struggle.
All of the Sapients had the immune code now and those remaining few who didn’t have the cerebral code enhancement realised it was key to their survival and went ahead.
The Axis had seen a huge shift in shedding the initial apathy regarding the Ebexx question. Less than twenty percent stubbornly retained inflexibility. That minority also declined the cerebral code and the immune protection. This was, in the opinion of the Symbiants, a recipe for disaster. In exercising their rights, they could seriously compromise the strategy – the Symbiants were all agreed on this. The Axis said their position would not be reviewed again until their brethren from Gliese arrived, and they would remain aboard Phoenix for that duration. Yamamoto, having regretted his earlier criticism of Alex 2, now genuinely felt part of a more promising species.
One of the least likely Axis converts was leading the rest. His translated name approximated to ‘Tradition Keeper’. The abbreviated Sapient designation was ‘Trader’. He had accepted the code and immune procedures, and astonished the Symbiants by volunteering to be replicated, to capture an Ebexx. He said that his change of heart was purely to assist his ‘traditional’ cave dwelling brethren on the planet, to re-establish safe existence, followed by freedom for those in captivity. “If we do not at least try to achieve this, why did we return? The matter of having partially recovered procreative potency would also be an empty achievement. I do not wish harm upon the Ebexx, simply to free them from this plague of Virubacts.” Whenever he spoke publicly on the matter he held hands with Renewal and her mother Peri.
Having undergone a partial, tertiary replication with Alex 2 and the amorphous form, to confer maximum immunity, he intensified his efforts to persuade the remaining entrenched minority of the justness of the cause. A few more defected, but Fav still held sway over some of the more senior officials, and they were becoming increasingly uncomfortable.
The replicant’s name was chosen by Rene, it was apparently a designation without translation. Keer would be ready when landfall beckoned.
Phoenix was at the outskirts of 55 Cancri, and it was prudent to drop out of QSD to re-calculate the safest path to Nexus, assisted by the newer information on the orbiting planetary bodies.

Chapter 7

Nexus was not precisely as the Axis remembered. Its orbit took it closer to the gas giants in turn. This was part of the stabilisation, albeit resulting in an eccentric path through the traffic. The increased gravitational influence of the huge neighbours caused frictional internal, almost tectonic movement. It was not violent but did generate additional heat, which in turn thickened the atmosphere by producing greenhouse effects and more contrasting seasonal variation. It was a predominantly red mineral world, but with thriving diversity of flora, in oases, which produced a tapestry of green and yellow. There was more water, and as it was still shallow in places, the solubilising minerals created a kaleidoscope of corals. The urge of the majority of Axis to descend, was powerful and it did break the resistance of all but a few of the rest.
The plan was for Keer and Alex 2 to descend as close as possible to high altitude caves with clearly strengthened gates. They hoped to meet the inhabitants and Keer would relate the Phoenix crew’s improbable story, making them comfortable with the Symbiant. All they expected to achieve initially was to convince them of their intent to rescue their kin. The wider objective of purging the Ebexx would wait. The vision of Phoenix should go some way to underpin the feasibility of the mission.
The orbital position allowed more clarity in the radio emanation from the surface. It also allowed much higher resolution pictures of the tiny moon referred to in the warning. It appeared to be devoid of atmosphere and the entire surface looked frozen. The warning had conveyed the distinct probability of impacts which was now evident and upgraded as extremely high. The rearrangement of the gas giants and the appearance of the special brown dwarf had engineered a sea change in the paths of all manner of wandering celestial bodies. The dwarf itself was still gorging regularly on these relatively morsel-sized objects, though many were bigger than the little moon which contained legions of foes. This new precision regarding the threat warranted some further discussion on the overall campaign. The Ebexx may prove to be the least of their worries, but it was considered prudent to progress the encounter with maximum expediency.
The descent was conducted with the usual Symbiant precision and they made landfall at the base of a huge, almost vertical cliff. It had obviously been chosen for its inaccessibility and ease of defence. Precarious ledges were the only detectable means of access to a large gated structure, about two thirds of the way up.
Keer had a bright yellow colour display radiating from his eyes, indicating good news. “The Ebexx, even with Virubact controllers could not make use of these handholds, they are too heavy and cumbersome, or at least they were.”
“What about your kin?”
“They may have used an ancient cave dweller’s technique. Ascending to the peak, lowering via an umbilical, and then chiselling away any holds above or below the entrance. If this is what they have done we should look for evidence of rope marks on the cliff face. They would have some kind of roll out ladder for exit and then pull it up until a signal alerts them to identify who or what is at the bottom of the cliff.”
Another observation by Keer related to the gravity on the planet. “I am getting data that suggests the Sapients will find themselves out of breath quite quickly here, and not just at altitude.”
Alex 2 remarked that the atmosphere contained 16.7% oxygen at this location and presumably a bit higher in the lowlands. “However, I agree – there is a significantly higher gravitational force on Nexus compared to Mars. The Sapients may indeed have some difficulty with the combination of these factors. I will transmit this to Pascal 2.”
There was evidence of dye or some staining leading to the entrance. A series of yellowish green lines were punctuated by small circular loops every couple of metres. Keer remarked that this was the historical way in which such caves were accessed. The loops were way too small for the Ebexx to secure their feet while climbing. This meant that both of their arms would be needed to scale the cliff by dragging their considerable weight upwards. “If my memory is correct our ancestors would then redirect cave waterfalls to hose them to the ground. Maybe they have something more effective now.”
They searched the base area for over an hour, seeking some means of alerting the inhabitants to their presence. Then suddenly the rumble of activity from above attracted their gaze. One individual appeared and eyed them for a time before beckoning others. There ensued a frantic communication in Axis click language which was difficult for Keer to comprehend. He picked out muffled references to the object in the sky and himself, but could not decipher the comments regarding Alex 2. There were two factors – the language itself and the gibbering by all of them at once.
He called out, “Citizens of Nexus, I am of your distant kin. You must know of the exodus from our planet, referred to as the Kressniss, I am from that time.”
The mass-clicking subsided into silent disbelief. Keer continued. “I know this must be difficult for you to accept, and you are respectfully requested to ask us any questions which may help convince you that we have returned. You can see our vessel in the sky. We have other friends with us who wish to help in solving your difficult situation with the Ebexx. I have some difficulty with your spoken language after all this time; the same may be true for you. I suggest we offer you some literature in symbols so that we can begin to make progress.” He could not be sure how much of this they could comprehend. He had prepared for this and used one of the Nielsen’s lasers to display the verbal message he had just delivered, on to the rock face opposite the cave. The agitated clicking re-commenced and their colour displays flashed all manner of combinations, from encouraging bright yellow to a threatening grey. Keer was not too disturbed as there was no sign of solid black.
This spectral exchange continued for some time amid bursts of clicking; the gradual shift from diversity in hue and intensity was a sight to behold. The reds, blues and indigo softened to islands of yellow in a receding sea of orange and green. A stalemate of sorts was reached. The islands were now orange and swathes of yellow ochre had nuclei of radiating gold. It stopped. Some decision was imminent.
Keer was acutely aware of the need at this stage to befriend these Axis groups, and he suggested to Alex 2 that they should begin to differentiate the present and expected clans. He suggested the ones currently indigenous to the planet could be referred to as the Indys. The Gliese and Epsilon tags would suffice, and those aboard Phoenix should be known as the Europans. As Alex 2 began to process this terminology, one of the cave dwellers surprised them by starting to descend.
“Another thing,” said Keer, “we must not complicate their thinking by revealing the Symbiant presence yet, particularly as I am one of them.”
“Yes, of course,” replied Alex 2, “this was all agreed prior to your arrival. Please proceed as the spokesperson for now.”
The courageous individual reached the ground and cautiously walked around the two visitors before delivering a garbled message, punctuated by what sounded like tut-tut and a short break. Keer was having some success with what were actually questions about Axis ancestry and history. It was just as well he had replicated Tradition Keeper, and his abundance of inherited knowledge received the right colour displays. However the inevitable exodus cropped up and the deepest black was evident for the first time. Keer reverted to symbols to make sure there was no insensitivity due to dialect. It went well enough for the ‘ambassador’ to retreat and explain to the gallery that the visitors did not appear to be a threat. This was apparently questioned further because of the physical differences conveyed by three million years of distinctly different evolution. The Indys were much bigger, muscular and possessed more accentuated features. The jaws and teeth were very prominent and the scaly exterior was not in evidence, they were furry. Considering all of this it was remarkable that they were invited to ascend.
They did so slowly, and when both of them had set foot inside the cave, a dozen or more of the hosts surrounded Alex 2 and intimidated him with a mix of clicking, hissing and snarling.
Keer shouted as loud as he could for them to stop, while his fellow Symbiant feigned weakness and fear. With an almighty leap he entered the circle and left no room for doubt that he was going to defend his friend. The barracking abated only long enough for them to be impressed with Keer’s athletic prowess, then upon resumption they found out how different their distant kinsman was. One of the more vociferous in the chorus was prodded by Keer and was despatched backwards with effortless force. More of the onlookers joined in to help their awestruck colleagues. This was halted abruptly when Alex 2 shouted to Keer. He had taken advantage of the simmering brawl to relocate to the entrance. The closure was a giant rock which had been patiently sculptured to an almost airtight fit with the aperture. There was a mechanism for rotating this boulder back and forth, but Alex 2 chose to move it himself. The stunned gathering dispersed into every available nook and cranny, to the accompaniment of a threat by Alex 2 to allow the Ebexx entry.
This was a highly unusual gesture from Alex 2, and Keer regained centre stage. “We only demonstrate our abilities to convince you that we can free your brothers, sisters and children from captivity. We mean you no harm but you must show us that we can also trust you.”
Slowly a huddle developed and the same leading individual apologised for the unruly incident. They wanted to hear more.
Keer suggested a break. “We will return to our vessel. We are proposing to capture an Ebexx and influence it in a way which will allow us to begin to free those of your relatives who are on the farms. We would like you to think about this and decide if you want our help. We have intercepted some of your radio signals. We know you are developing a new weapon to fight the Ebexx. I am leaving you a communication device which is far superior to your radio technology and you may give us your decision via this remote sender/receiver. I will instruct one of you in the use of simple commands before we leave. If your response is positive we will invite up to three members of your race to come to the vessel to see how we will subdue the Ebexx. Please consult your other groups to discuss our proposal before transmitting your response. We are intending to live on Nexus even if you do not want to enlist our help. We will now prepare to leave.”
Having returned to the base of the cliff, Keer turned to Alex 2, and remarked how surprised he was at the boulder stunt coupled with the threat of inviting the enemy into their midst.
“Yes, I was quite surprised myself, but it did get their attention. I appear to have inherited a little more Humanoid character than simple immune sharing.”
The Indys lost no time in contacting other groups. Their crude radio transmission system was similar in principle to the crystal sets used on Earth in the early part of the twentieth century. Each abode at altitude had a camouflaged receiver and transmission device. The Indys had made progress in other respects. It was modest, yet remarkable, considering they were hunted continually, and just surviving was an achievement.
Their management of water, light and air circulation did not improve their chances of a quiet life, but kept them safe and healthy. The array of heat and air pumps delivered protective warmth against the often savage winters at these heights. Selective and variable light intensity through mirrored tubes enabled focus, and the array of plant species they managed to grow in the caves was nothing short of astonishing. The caves themselves had comfortable, decorated areas for socialising and sleeping. It was easy to see the potential these creatures could achieve if they were able to roam their environment without fear.
As it was a grave risk for even small numbers to meet in the open, the transmission invited delegates from other outposts to their abode. None of them declined. The lead figures would not risk the journey themselves; deputies would suffice for the initial session. Gsarr, leader of the ‘first contact’ group would be the only one of decision making rank in attendance, so the discussion would be followed by radio updates to the outposts.
Meanwhile, on return to Phoenix, Keer’s report was the final frictional straw that broke Fav’s leadership support. The Axis only accommodated changes at the top because of death or ‘serious wrongdoing’. The plight of the Indys was so graphic that even some of the few loyalists the leader retained agreed to his removal from office. Keer was to act as figurehead until the procedural requirements for an election could be met, and this was a priority before they attempted to settle on Nexus. The Europan era was over; turning the other cheek could not rescue the Indys from their living hell, and although they had never intended to inflict direct harm on the Ebexx, this was about to change. The die was cast.

Chapter 8

There had been no communication to Phoenix from Gsarr about the invitation to come aboard. Keer wondered whether he had misunderstood the instruction for the remote device or the other group leaders had refused. Over two weeks was a long time if the communicator was in order. What Keer did not really grasp was the distance over which some of the deputy group leaders had to travel to discuss the matter. It was danger all the way and there was no facility such as organised transport. Also they had to schedule their departure and arrival times so as not to alert the foe. It was a considerable undertaking.
Another week passed and preparations for the election of the new Europan Axis leader were nearing completion. This had been the only distraction which prevented a return trip to the surface. Keer decided he needed to speak with his replication subject, Trader. He was after all a Symbiant, and he wanted to ensure that he had a better understanding of the emotional aspects facing the Indys; data access alone would not suffice.
The reply from Mars contained chilling information. The warning had been too late. In the intervening forty-five years the warmer climate had facilitated the revival of several Virubact strains and almost the entire colony had been infected by one or another. It had become a battleground in many respects. Firstly, there were types which had not developed full control ability, so they simply and efficiently terminated the host or left them with severe brain disorders, or moral dysfunction or both. Other, more advanced strains did establish control and were extremely dangerous with the full array of intellectual capacity of Humans at their disposal. There were sub-strains which competed for the abundance of hosts, and created polarisation of those occupied, into ‘tribes’ - with ever changing alliances being forged.
All this was against the backdrop of Earth withdrawing from the colonisation programme and banning any contact with Mars of any kind. Unmanned stealth craft continually sent the voyeuristic footage back to the home planet. There had been risk at the outset that the pandemic would be imported from travellers, but they had been ruthlessly quarantined for observation and they had conveniently died.
This bizarre attitude had its own Earthly context to deal with, as a ratchet effect on climate change had caused a mini-ice age. People were dying anyway, so there was little discussion about a few imprisoned, infected Martians. There was rapidly increasing population density now in the few temperate areas which were left, but unlike the weather, the global financial structure had suffered meltdown. Police states had come into effect, but scarcity of real necessities of life drove a wedge between those who governed and those who refused to be governed.
This scenario was described by a few Humans and their recent replicants surviving on Mars, with strongholds in the Echus region, which still had sub-space data systems operating. Replicant ‘ownership’ had become the most valuable commodity on the tortured planet. This commodity was even more coveted on Earth. The replicants who constructed and managed the commercial space elevators had been redeployed since the travel embargo. Their very rich and powerful employers were planning an invasion of Mars. The logic was crude – it would be easier to tame the Humans, replicants and Virubacts on Mars than taming the ice age on Earth. Stage one was to set up a weapons delivery system to the various protagonists and let them fight it out, to soften up the resistance to invasion. A group of replicants on Earth had been instructed to study means of subduing the Virubact threat in advance. This disturbed Alex 2, ironically because it could be seen by the Progenitors as a promising development against the secondary enemy.
This news had blighted the already tense atmosphere on Phoenix. It did however drive the point home, that the Virubact presence in 55 Cancri was not going to be any more sympathetic than the Martian one, and it was likely to be more advanced. Alex 2 reflected on the time correlation of the warning about approaching the brown dwarf, two years before arrival, and the Martian pandemic. They occurred at pretty much the same time.
The election was one of pragmatic simplicity. Trader was the overwhelming choice, and Keer’s short tenure had ensured a smooth transference of authority. It also allowed him to plan a return to the surface. His discussion with Alex 2 was interrupted by the contact from Gsarr. The protracted logistics and subsequent talks had been concluded. They wished to accept the offer to come aboard and learn more about the plan to deal with the Ebexx.
The descent coordinates were supplied by the Indys, apparently a much safer location. It was a small barren island, centrally located in a very shallow lake. The island rose out of the water with sheer cliffs and the Ebexx had not mastered the art of sailing or rock climbing yet. The touchdown would be tricky, but possible. They set off.
The descent module caused mild panic amongst the waiting Indys, it must have taken on the mantle of a giant flying reptile. A bigger problem was the thrusters and their effect on scattering the frightened but curious passengers. They were tumbled over and over by the landing and took quite some persuading to approach the transit vessel, even though they saw the Symbiants emerge from it unharmed. The two deputies expected became three, as they insisted all of their people had to be represented. Gsarr introduced the others as Rstapp, Frnik and Phlygex. It took over an hour before they approached the now silent monster with the angry breath. Gsarr showed his leadership qualities by displaying bravado and his matter of fact embarkation was accompanied by a flickering yellow colour display. Nervously the others followed and they all stared wide-eyed at surrounding consoles and screens. Alex 2 secured himself in the cockpit, and Keer motioned for them to follow suit. Fiddling and clicking reached fever pitch, so Keer obliged by assisting them individually. The ascent caused a sharp intake of breath, but this time it was wonder. They had never experienced anything remotely like the receding view of their planet. This time the yellow was not interrupted by flicker and they gibbered to one another, creating a deafening chorus.
Passing through the airlocks was disorienting for them but they had adapted to being surprised as opposed to scared. When they entered the ‘village’ and saw all three species living together the jibber-jabber went into overdrive. They were offered food and drink but declined. The lakeside VRS had been programmed to give a potted history of the Axis exiles in the last three million years. It provoked a little confusion when the arrival estimates of the Gliese and Epsilon were highlighted. They could not really believe they could not arrive together with the Europans. The concept of a ‘distant’ world had only the inhabited region of Nexus to draw upon.
When the show was over the Indys were keen to progress the plans for deposing the Ebexx. So eager in fact, that they announced that they were about to launch their own strategy. They had delayed this because of Alex 2’s demonstration of displacing the cave entrance boulder with impunity. Gsarr requested a second episode to convince the deputies of the other tribes. Keer explained that such force was only employed in self-defence. The Indys felt cheated. They wanted to see more ‘miracles’ from the High People. If the Ebexx were not to be despatched by force, and quickly, they would revert to their own device.
Trader appeared from the crowd to stand alongside Keer. He felt it was best for them to know of the source of the astonishing attributes. The identical appearance of Trader and his Symbiant was explained patiently, over and over again. It was easy to overlook some aspects of the recipients’ understanding when they had shown admirable progress in such difficult circumstances. Gsarr would not let go of his assertion that it was not possible for Trader to be millions of years old and Keer to be only a few weeks old. The Phoenix-dwellers had thought the Indys would have trouble comprehending - and therefore accepting the replication process story. It was the opposite – they simply nodded when the ‘Gods’ mentioned that Keer’s strength had come from this procedure. And they simply shook their heads when told it had only happened recently. The decision was taken to have a break, in order to review this void which separated each party’s perspective. Trader asked if they could hear the Indys’ own plan. The response was immediate and all of them proudly flashed yellow. Gsarr delivered the detail.
“During our plant research many cycles ago, we produced an energy-giving species by growing two others together. The new one was very popular but we noticed after consuming it for a long period some of us were losing our ability to recall familiar things – names, and where we lived. This was dangerous and we stopped growing it. One of our best ‘idea makers’ made us think about it in another way. He said if it had such effects on us it would probably do the same to the Ebexx. So we started to try to make it stronger, but we had no success for a long time. We almost gave up when one of our elders said he had been trying to tell his group leader repeatedly that there were much bigger specimens of one of the contributing species over the great divide, where his family had originated. They were growing in shallow water. No one was prepared to risk this journey for generations because of the stories of the beasts which inhabit these wetlands.
“The elder said it would be his contribution to lead us there even if he did not survive. This made many feel inadequate, and at last volunteers came forward. They were successful in retrieving multiple examples of this plant type. The elder was too frail to climb to safety when they were pursued by Fasnshluur. He perished, but his life gave us the pure Amzyss. That was his name, and he will live on as long as we have it. It is so strong that a small piece can make us forget who we are and what we are doing, for several cycles. It seems to react with our thinking controls and our body has to fight it until we are clean again. The Ebexx have a drinking station at all of their farms, and we are going to put the Amzyss extract in their water sources which are always some way from the farm.”
Keer and Trader approached Alex 2 and said this idea not only had merit in itself but if they assisted with the plan via an Ebexx replicant as scheduled, it would surely be more in keeping with the Europan Axis general principle of compassion for all sentient species. Keer said, “After all, if we were not here they would be doing this anyway. Our part could then be to protect them while they carried out their plan. They would get much more self-esteem from turning the tables on their ancient foe. An amnesiac in the water supply is a neat idea, and could buy us a little time to research these Virubacts, if we can take blood samples from the temporarily disadvantaged Ebexx.”
The others nodded their approval. They now had to convey this layered strategy to the Indys – emphasising the guarantee of absolute protection for their kinsmen during their operation. No more words were needed, the colour said it all.

Chapter 9

The Epsilons reported that liaison with the Gliese had been fruitful. They were going to try an EVA sweep of the entire vessel and its system hardware to neutralise the cumulative effect of the ion storms. It was considered to be a better alternative to drifting for months. The Europans were worried that they had not factored in all the risks of such a complex project, however they got some encouragement from Red and Dan that it had merit. This endorsement of course, was only with respect to the principle and not the detailed implementation procedure, for which they had no data. The Europans sent their sincere hopes for a speedy resumption of their journey.
The locations of the amnesiac delivery points were charted and Keer was joined by two more Symbiants, both from Europan subjects. They chose to ‘infect’ the water supply closest to the largest Ebexx farm first. The logic was to impress as many adversaries as possible in one encounter.
It was not necessary for more than one Indy to be involved in the pollution exercise, and the party of four should attract enough, but not too much attention. They assembled at the water source before the red dawn. The utterly still morning worked in their favour; no scent was carried prematurely down wind. Nexus displayed its contradictory aspects. It was, at the same moment serene and wondrous in the breaking shafts of stretched light. Then it became broody with myriads of hidden cliff recesses, and finally spectacular, under the clear detail of the early morning sky, with its arriving sun gradually ousting the dance of the brown dwarf and its companion.
The tense atmosphere on Nexus was relayed back to Phoenix; the gallery was transfixed, there was a whiff of excitement sprinkled with apprehension. While Gsarr began to dribble the extract into the water feed, the first stirrings of the Ebexx were reported by Styliar, the Symbiant acting as sentry. It would take at least an hour for any significant quantity of Amzyss to diffuse into the drinking pool; the early awakening of the Ebexx was not welcomed. In trying to accelerate the process, Gsarr unknowingly allowed the pouring height to increase and the splashing alerted the extra sensitive hearing of the yawning Ebexx. They always camped outside the large ring of boulders which encircled the domesticated Indys. They fed their livestock by pushing one stone just far enough out of position for harvested vegetable matter to be hurled into the arena. Arena was an apt description as the feeding ritual was infrequent enough for the starving Indys to compete for the limited quantity. The most vulnerable were isolated at the longest radius, and made easy pickings for their masters. The kill was not seen, as the Ebexx covered the mouth and dragged the snared individual outside. Repositioning of the stone created the background noise which muffled the execution – the massive paws crushed the delicate Indy skull with relatively little force and virtually no noise. The kill was immediately divided and shared. There was a surreal nature about large carnivores going about this feeding routine in such an orderly fashion and without squabbling. Keer asked Gsarr how often they needed to kill; he was sickened by what he had witnessed. “They only feed on our species once per orbit of the big gas giant around the main sun, which is twenty-six times the cycle of our planet. The rest of their food comes from the lakes, roots - and berries from certain plants. We are considered a special delicacy.”
The yawning Ebexx had made others aware of the presence of new stock. Some were too lazy to respond, but a dozen joined up to corral the Indys which had been ‘gifted’ to them. They knew their prey could not outrun them and ambled nonchalantly toward the group. They appeared confused that the targets seemed afraid but did not panic, as expected, and scurry off in different directions. As they came closer one of the party advanced toward them. Keer rendered the nearest Ebexx unconscious with a backhanded swipe to the side of the head. Two others closed in and Keer leapt into the air and delivered simultaneous kicks, which stopped them in their tracks. It produced a temporary hiatus in the advance. The remaining pack conferred and suddenly all rushed at Keer. He dropped his head and ploughed through their ranks – another four were wounded or discouraged. The remainder took further stock of the situation and split up again, this time attacking from a rough pentagon shape. While Keer despatched the one directly ahead, the one on his right flank grabbed and pulled his arm with such ferocity that it separated from the rest of him. Another joined this prize winner to share the spoils, and the remaining three, encouraged by this success, closed in. Keer was too quick for them, and a lightning pirouette with his lone flailing arm took them out of the reckoning. The two with his detached limb exercised discretion over valour and retreated to the outskirts of the stone circle, gesturing a victory while ten of their number in horizontal repose, testified to the contrary. The first one struck by Keer had been bound tightly by Styliar and the third Symbiant ensured that the other prostrate individuals remained inactive. Gsarr was awestruck by the contradictory elements of violence and ballet to which the Ebexx had been subjected. He was however concerned that Keer had not been assisted by the other two Symbiants and lost an arm.
The ascent module landed less than fifty metres away, so that the Ebexx could see from whence these ‘new’ Axis had come. Once aboard Keer explained to Gsarr that it was necessary for only one Symbiant to defeat the Ebexx, as a demonstration of what could follow. “My arm will regenerate quickly – look it has begun already.”
The ascent vessel dropped Gsarr back at the island so he could relate the events to his colleagues, and then proceeded with the trussed Ebexx to Phoenix. Pascal 2 would confirm that Keer had been infected through the socket exposed by the missing arm contacting subsequent assailants and harvesting Virubact laden Ebexx DNA. This was not how it was planned; amputation was not an option now, so a rapid assessment of the specific mechanism of this infection was a race against time, rather than a controlled experiment.
The curiosity amongst all Phoenix dwellers regarding the captured Ebexx was at fever pitch. It had the potential to be the solution or the problem, depending on how successful Pascal 2 would be in identifying the Virubact’s weakest point. When they were told of Keer’s mishap, the curiosity melted away and having seen the captive, albeit sedated, they retired to their quarters. It was Alex 2’s suggestion that a curfew should be observed until Pascal 2 had more data.
By contrast the Indys were euphoric, the effects of their amnesiac would soon be known, and the protection offered by the Symbiants would guarantee safety for the campaign. It never occurred to them that these god-like creatures could be susceptible to the Virubacts – when they themselves were not.
After several days the curfew was still in place and the restlessness spilled over. Everyone craved some kind of update. This eventually resulted in the less compliant individuals breaking ranks. As expected Yamamoto was amongst them. Alex 2 stated that Keer was stable, not showing any signs of symptoms or disabling of his data processing routines. “It is puzzling however, that Pascal 2’s monitoring of the Virubact replication shows no reduction or increase – they appear to be dormant. It is for this reason that we ask for your patience. I will give a twice daily update from now, but please stay as isolated as possible until we have something concrete to report. We must discover why Keer’s remaining sentinel cells are not active in destroying this threat, and the regeneration of his arm is paused, as if the next move is being considered or held back. It is most curious.” This worrisome revelation did subdue the challenge to the curfew and at the same time increased the tension.
Two incoming messages were received. The first on the remote – it was from Gsarr. The Indys were hungry for a repeat performance, and they displayed a sense of humour. Gsarr related observations about the Ebexx behaviour. “When nothing seemed to be happening we were concerned that they were not affected by the Amzyss. One of our neighbouring groups said we should be happy, as the alternative explanation was that they had forgotten where the drinking station was. They were right. Instead of drinking when they felt like it, they were now relying on instinct to drive them to water when they were dehydrated. We want to see if they still try to capture us, and we request your protection again. If we are not pursued we can rapidly complete the Amzyss programme. Please reply.”
The second message was only received by Alex 2. It was unsettling because new data merely indicated that behaviour may be unpredictable and illogical. He thought he knew the behaviour referred to was that of the Virubact. At least it partly explained the current standoff with Keer’s sentinel cells. When he enlightened Pascal 2, the response was measured. “I cannot be sure how this is supposed to help, but if we assume that the data you have received means the situation is about to change, then become constant, rather than change again, extremely intense vigilance will be required.”
Alex 2 agreed. Some forty hours later Keer’s arm had resumed regeneration, but he told Pascal 2 that he was disoriented; it did not feel right. Closer examination confirmed that the reconstructed part of the limb was hosting Virubact replication. Alex 2 squirmed as more data was downloaded. He shouted to Pascal 2, “You must amputate the regenerated part of his arm now.”
Pascal 2 reacted quickly and Keer said he felt normal again. The three of them were discussing the episode and failed to notice that the amputated part continued to grow – and in two directions, toward the hand and simultaneously to the torso. Unknown to them the Virubact had managed to ‘create’ a sentinel cell in the amputated portion. What they did know was that Keer started to feel strange again. As Alex 2 realised it was possibly a recurring pattern, Keer pointed to the adjacent bench. The severed arm was complete and the rest of the body was rapidly taking shape. Alex 2 asked Pascal 2 to amputate again, this time at an earlier stage, while he used protective gloves to pick up the growing Virubact form and hurried to the airlock. He managed to eject the half-formed Keer 2 into orbit. Upon returning to the theatre he found another growing arm on the bench and Keer was still feeling unwell. Alex 2 motioned for Pascal 2 to cease activity. “It must have been a warning that our behaviour would become erratic and illogical. It is clear now. We need to rethink the approach.” Pascal 2 nodded and suggested the sentinel cells were the key, as the Virubacts had still not multiplied further into Keer’s geometry. “We temporarily forgot that they are seeking control, not simple occupation. I propose we let the third arm regenerate completely without amputation and observe.” Alex 2 repeated his trip to the airlock and sent a second pre-forming Keer 3 spinning on its way.
When the newest arm was complete another stalemate ensued. Pascal 2 said, “That is what I hoped would happen, I believe we may have some time to consider the next step.”
Keer was still feeling strange. The next suggestion from Pascal 2 would require precise coordination and extremely swift execution. The sentinel cells in the new arm were to be disabled at the same time as the arm plus a hefty part of the torso were removed as one piece. The cut had to ensure that the dormant Virubacts in the original shoulder infection went with the arm. Pascal 2 was to destroy the sentinel cells at the extremity of the arm by pinning it to the bench to stop movement and setting up multiple lasers to continue the disabling sequence while the joint was hacked off. In order to avoid slip ups, Red was asked to assist by restraining Keer, who was now afflicted by involuntary twitching. The procedure was conducted with reassuring calm. Keer shed his spasms; Pascal 2 was immediately focussed on detection of any further evidence of Virubact presence in his ‘healthy’ proportion, and Alex 2 watched the amputated fraction for activity.
All was well; Keer’s regeneration was infection free and the severed part could not grow without cloned sentinel cells.
Alex 2 incinerated the unwanted piece and the entire theatre was sterilised. A disaster had been averted for now, but the prevailing fear was that the brand new immune system was nowhere near adequate enough to deal with this Virubact. The immediate consideration was to study the Indy physiology, while contemplating ability of other strains which may be encountered.
The other species aboard Phoenix would have to be informed and the request to return to the surface delayed. It was a role reversal; they needed help from the Indys.

Chapter 10

The Indys pressed on with the water tampering and were now wandering around freely amongst the drugged Ebexx. Their relatives in captivity had been rescued and taken back to safe havens to address their malnutrition. Unfortunately the dosage of Amzyss proved fatal for some of the Ebexx young, and the Indys were genuinely sad, especially when they did not bury their dead – choosing to eat them.
Having completed their objective, Gsarr signalled that he was ready to come to Phoenix. He was duly collected, accompanied by another group leader, apparently the overall chieftain. Gsarr noted that the tension was tangible and asked Keer to explain. He asked to address the ship’s population with a translator for the Sapients. He made the listeners more at ease by recounting the number of times they had faced what seemed like certain extinction. “We never lost belief in our ability to outwit the foe, even though it was operating from within another historical enemy. We had to separate to survive long enough to improve the chance of ‘thinking being able to out-manoeuvre raw power’. You have many advantages which you may not realise – ours was being inert to the virus. It gave us time. You have much more intelligence and technology at your disposal, and you have us as allies. Together we can restore this beautiful world – welcome to your new home.”
They were mere words, but not empty words, and they were quickly followed by action. The Chieftain had not come because of rank, his family had the most robust immunity, of all Indys, to the Virubacts, and he wanted to thank the newcomers for carrying out the initial Amzyss foray. “That was the turning point, you gave us that extra belief – so I am here to give you the same in return.”
They followed Pascal 2 to the medical facility and Axzrann was enlightened as to the procedure he was about to undergo. He listened to Keer’s reassuring monologue for less than a minute, and then waved his hand in a gesture to get on with it. “We have some arrangements to make; we have not had all of our clans together in my lifetime.”
When Pascal 2 was left alone to study the genetic extracts, he immediately contacted Stella and Daniel Carvalho, to ask if she would assist in the analytical approach on behalf of the Sapient contingent. Decision time was upon the Phoenix inhabitants. They had to wrestle with the reality of whether or not to undergo further genetic code procedures, to set foot on Nexus, and to defy the considerable increase in gravity.
The gravity effect was most severe for Sapients, and once again Fernando came up with an elegant suggestion. He convinced Rene to help him recruit Axis precision ‘design and build’ personnel. His brainwave was to make personalised helium jackets, tailored for individual weight, and with automatic controls to reflect gain or loss. The algorithm was devised courtesy of Dan. The concept was intended to help acclimatise rather than be a permanent feature. It had been concern over his father which sparked the idea into action, though he never admitted it.
The location of any settlement was to be advised by the Indys, and the small matter of the kind of residence had to be agreed, as the newcomers were not prepared to live in caves. There was still the question of the long term situation of the Ebexx – it did not seem acceptable to keep them ‘on medication’. They would have to determine whether the Virubacts had been affected by the Amzyss.
The captured Ebexx would be of benefit in this respect, exclusively in its own biological form, as the previously proposed replication was now felt to be risky, following Keer’s trauma. The new genetic immune boost from the Indy chieftain Axzrann would be delayed until the captive had been subjected to Amzyss, and then exhaustively evaluated.
The Epsilon vessel had been swept without mishap and they felt that although they could not risk engaging QSD yet, the process had pinpointed areas where they could accelerate the ion storm effect discharge sequentially, leading to a resumption of the journey in a matter of weeks.
The news from Mars and Earth was not so encouraging. Those few outposts unaffected by Virubacts feared this could be their final transmission. One of the infected alliances controlled by the ‘plague’ had wiped out all of those disfigured or simply mutated by the microorganisms. They knew that as soon as pockets of competitive controlled groups had been eradicated, they themselves would be next.
They also reported that there were indications that the wealthy elite now running Earth, with unlimited Symbiant access were planning to take over and purge Mars, leaving the remaining Terran population to the lottery of the encroaching ice. The space elevators were to be destroyed, effectively cutting off the possibility of mass Human transit to Mars.
The Echus survivors had been ‘assured’ the Martian purge did not include non-infected individuals, but this was not a particularly appealing future, even if the invaders got there in time.
The bad news got worse. The Ebexx inebriated with Amzyss showed clearly that the Virubacts had benefitted from the treatment. It had somehow managed to intersperse itself with the primitive, confused cellular brain matter and initiate much more efficient neural processing. When Pascal 2 revealed this to Alex 2, a reminder message was received regarding erratic and illogical behaviour. Alex 2 needed no further hint that this was their behaviour, not the Ebexx. He did something which indelibly confirmed that he was different. He terminated the Ebexx, to the astonishment of Pascal 2. The technobabble concluded with the acknowledgement that Alex 2 was traversing the boundary between the Continuance and the Interference.
The import of this was the evolvement of a potentially schizophrenic society. On the one hand they were bound by a desire to overcome the Virubacts, but on the other, attitude to ethics and morals may have to be ‘cleansed’. The two of them agreed to avoid the complexity this would overlay on the focus of survival, and the reason for the Ebexx termination would therefore remain undisclosed.
The descent was to be in to be in the order of Sapients, Symbiants and finally Axis. The Sapients were only fifty-six strong, including births and deaths on the journey. The Symbiants felt Humanoids were the most vulnerable of the three species and needed protection. They would be temporarily accommodated in the Indys’ caves, and the Symbiants would offer translation facility for those who had not mastered even rudimentary Indy symbols. The Axis would be left to exorcise their lingering disharmony in private, and when they were ready, a small detachment of Symbiants would return to maintain the vessel’s systems and monitor incoming transmissions. There were no plans as yet to land Phoenix.
The caves were a shock to the Sapients after the relative luxury of the journey. A few wanted to try to walk around without the helium jackets, and quickly conceded that they needed them. The language was a problem but they knew it was temporary.
The Europan Axis eventually found accord due somewhat to the sympathetic treatment of the Ebexx, even though they were told that the captured individual had an allergic reaction to the Amzyss and subsequently died. They began their descent. The Sapients and Symbiants observed this emotional reunion of the two Axis branches, and declared it would not be complete until the Gliese and Epsilon clans arrived.
The Symbiants were indifferent to various settlement locations at first. The Sapients favoured somewhere outside the established radius of Indy territory, to avoid issues with previous heritage. They also liked the idea of a totally new beginning. The Indys were quick to point out that the outlands were dangerous places. Even the Ebexx avoided them. The diversity of species was phenomenal and that included predatory plants. What lay beyond was unknown, as recent generations had never traversed the outland region. Gsarr remarked that the survival campaign they had endured with the Ebexx was the most benign option, even though it was touch and go for hundreds of years. Good news had been in short supply since arriving in ‘Nirvana orbit’. The Europans confessed that they knew nothing of this plethora of life-threatening flora and fauna at the time of their exodus. The Indys explained that the explosion in their evolution was triggered by the warmer climate since the brown dwarf had appeared. This was historically recorded by their ancestors at the time.
After several weeks the Ebexx fatalities began to rise. It was claimed to be further cases of severe allergic reaction to the Amzyss-laden water. The Europans challenged the Indys about terminating the pollution. Pascal 2 reported to Alex 2 that every corpse showed the same pattern as the captive which he had eliminated. The brain cells had been invaded and modified by the Virubacts. The construction of dwelling space was halted by the increasing frequency of the deaths and resulting debates. The Europans argued that since they all had the benefit of Axzrann’s super immunity now, the spread of infection was minimal. Pascal 2 had to come clean about the concentration of the virus influence in the Ebexx brain tissue. The Europans became uncharacteristically angry. Trader said, “My election to leadership came about because we were divided over the Ebexx. We reconciled those differences because of the survival of the Indys and the future for the entire Phoenix community. Now we are presiding over the extinction of a species we shared the planet with over three million years ago. We have not returned with new friends and reunited with our distant brethren to begin ‘cleansing’ this world of any form of life which simply gets in our way. We have to find a solution which respects the entire ecosystem.”
The Indys were sympathetic to a degree. The Sapients were scared and felt like guests who were becoming a burden. The Symbiants were typically ‘disinterested’. Kipchoge Yamamoto could always be relied upon to rattle cages. He suggested that the recent enlistment of Stella to assist Pascal 2 should be broadened by Axis medical expertise leading the investigation into halting the Virubact mutation. “It strikes me as an obvious thing to do. They will soon be joined by further branches of their species; they have lived on a planet with this type of scourge for millions of years, and must have some immune contribution. They will be the vast majority of ‘our’ community when they are all reunited, so they should surely be able to exercise their combined philosophy. I was one who criticised the apathy of some Europans toward helping the Indys, and I don’t regret that. There was the small matter of all of us surviving. We now owe it to them to find a way to help the Ebexx. It’s clearer than ever that the real pest is the virus. Everyone, including the bloody Progenitors, is agreed on that.”
Yamamoto did not know that until now Stella had only been assisting Pascal 2 in copying and pasting code. She had not examined any Ebexx corpse because of Alex 2’s declaration that the contagion level was too risky. His new proposal would inadvertently challenge that. Alex 2 was pensive, Pascal 2 was unperturbed. There was overwhelming support for the Yamamoto proclamation and it was officially endorsed.
The construction programme resumed and the Europan medical experts were selected. The thorny problem for Alex 2 was now acute. The Axzrann protection had not yet been fully tested in any of the species brought to Nexus by Phoenix. Alex 2 was faced with hoping for the best and revealing nothing, or underlining the danger he and Pascal 2 had discovered, and be accused of suppressing vital information. He decided on the former, as the alternative would ultimately require explanation of his ‘alter ego’.
The clean water had begun to restore memory functions for the Ebexx, and they seemed confused that their livestock had evaporated. Stella had queried Pascal 2 as to why he only answered specific questions on the Ebexx post-mortems rather than demonstrating aspects with the retained corpses. He confessed that they had incinerated them to avoid any possibility of infection. The Europan medical duo accepted this at face value but both of them were keen to be directly involved in any further pathology.

Chapter 11

The Axzrann immunity transfer tests had to be concluded immediately. It was decided that they needed to overpower another Ebexx, as they were now regaining their aggressive nature. As Keer had already survived one infection phase and had the armoury to subdue them, he volunteered. It was a short, sharp blow to the jaw which produced the knockout and reminded the ‘back up’ Ebexx that these new invaders were to be avoided. The extraction of tissue from the unconscious one would be used to develop vaccine. This took a little longer than anticipated and the Indys were getting nervous again.
In the meantime a transmission from Mars was received. It was from a Symbiant, and it revealed that the victorious alliance had initially resisted takeover by the new Earth elite migrants, but had not bargained for the efficient weapons of the Terrans. They were then eliminated very quickly, but before the conquerors could rescue the Echus defenders, they had been infected themselves during the conflict. The Virubact responsible had mutated further, because of the frequent, panic-driven self-termination of the hosts, who had no idea that their objective was merely control. It spread much quicker than before and the final reckoning of survivors did not apparently include Humans. Because of their adaptability, a small percentage of those Symbiants already isolated in the Echus Chasma fortress, prevailed. The arriving invaders all perished. Mars was left to a handful of individual members of the Continuance and torrents of Virubact strains. The Symbiant sending the message signed off with the revelation that information had been transmitted to his registry. Mars was to be ‘subtracted’ from the solar system. The casual acknowledgement of his destiny gave no clue as to the fate of the other planets having to adjust to the new gravitational imbalance.
Keer had been cleared as having immunity to the Virubact. It was the turn of an original Europan Axis to volunteer for the procedure. Rene’s mother, Peri pleaded for this role. She wanted to protect her daughter, and indeed all of her kin had seen Rene as a symbolic rallying figure since her birth. In a peculiarly logical way, Rene’s iconic status conspired to a demand for her to lead the way. Trader tried to oppose this clarion call, but the sectarian support from the Indys clinched the decision.
Rene herself was not concerned. She maintained that at some time they would all face infection from this, or another Virubact, so she stepped forward. The Sapients were nervously awaiting the result.
Alex 2 had been apprised of the fate of Mars directly, and became even more disturbed at the prospect of Nexus falling under the same decision protocols. There was also the longer term threat of the tiny moon, and the lack of action taken as yet by the Progenitors, especially since it was their creation, the special brown dwarf having caused its accretion. Never before had he suffered so much conflict in trying to resolve incoming data into clear direction.
The temporary residences were proceeding well now that the Europans had unleashed a number of re-assembled robots of Martian design. They had served another unintended purpose. The Ebexx curiosity had been rewarded with accidents and injury from collisions with these uncompromising builders.
From the safety of their new quarters, the Carvalho family had begun to relax while awaiting the results of Rene’s tests. This milestone however, disguised a problem. Daniel had not alerted anyone to the return of his angina, deciding that Pascal 2 and Stella had more collectively urgent tasks to perform. It was Anna-Severine who found him slumped over the table. Stella rushed to his side and Pascal 2 soon followed. He needed further multiple bypass surgery. Stella was too emotionally involved to consider orchestrating the procedure. The best facilities were on Phoenix, but they were worried about the ascent. It was a long operation and he did not regain consciousness as expected but his life signs were regular. The vigil lasted for over three days before his eyes opened. He was tired enough to avoid asking what all the fuss was about. “How long have I been out?”
Stella smiled through the rushing tears of relief. “Quite a while, but you are doing well. Rest is what you need now, and I’ll make sure that you get it.”
“Tell me about Rene.”
“That will wait Daniel; our immediate concern is for you. The rest will come in good time.”
He reached for her hand. “I know that Stella, but I need to know if our children are going to be safe.”
“My God Daniel, Rene is fine so far, she doesn’t seem to need vaccine and we are now waiting for the ‘election’ of a Sapient as nobody has volunteered yet.”
“Jesus Christ, what is the problem? It has to be done now.”
“I knew you would get upset. That is the end of the discussion.”
Just then Fernando popped his head into the room. “Karel Sevicek has contacted Pascal 2 to go through the same tests as Rene.”
Carvalho perked up. “Fernando, please ask him to visit me first, just for a few minutes, and before you protest Stella, it really will be a couple of minutes.”
She relented as long as she was in attendance.
On his way to see Karel Sevicek, Fernando was surprised by a prowling Ebexx, and he was savaged before it was beaten away by a Symbiant. He was taken to Pascal 2 where it was confirmed that he had been infected. He was to be monitored for any unusual developments and the vaccine was at the ready. The decision to use the vaccine was too late to prevent control slipping to the Virubact, as the Axzrann code had not acted in the same way as it had with Rene. During the night he slipped past his dozing siblings and out into the open terrain.
Panic was spreading as they failed to find him. The Indys checked all known locations they knew of, except the Ebexx habitats. That was where he was. The Virubacts had utilised the elaborate cerebral structure to maximum advantage to subvert his already dysfunctional immune regime. It had concentrated this control on making him acceptable to the Ebexx, and he suffered no further harm.
The search parties disbanded for the night. The incident was kept from the slowly recovering Carvalho. Alex 2 became even more concerned. For some reason he expected another message, and didn’t receive any. Pascal 2 was ready with the vaccine. When morning came he went to collect it and it wasn’t there. Raising this issue at this moment was considered inadvisable by Alex 2. “It will cause more division amongst the various groups. Every time we encounter a problem I feel directed to examine our response, to see if it is indeed illogical. It does not fit with our architecture. Why do the Progenitors use such terminology in this location, when they have always delivered positive direction? Expressing their concern by avoiding negative direction is counter-productive in these circumstances. It is analogous to a colour specification stating – ‘not yellow’. It only tells the reader what is wrong; giving no hint of what is actually required. I believe this will ultimately result in subroutine errors and possible lockdown. I do not wish to contemplate such an event, yet I am already aware that this is illogical behaviour.”
Pascal 2 declared he did not have the same worries. “I can only imagine this is part of your transition. My logic structure is engaged in thinking of things such as motive, opportunity, patient identity and time of the disappearance. Rather than continually conducting your self-analysis, why don’t we each simply follow the opposite sides of the logical/illogical approach? That way we should cover all eventualities, and this will be treated as a logical way to proceed by your registry.”
“Yes, of course – that must be a requisite strategy for dealing with Virubacts, controlling as opposed to terminating the host. Constant aberration is consistency. Constant mutation is being harnessed to mask the unchanging agenda.”
Replacing the vaccine was not a problem and Stella was already engaged in the production of larger quantities. If the theft was an act of selfish hoarding, most likely by Sapients, it could become a serious problem.
Fernando could not initially understand why he was now able to relax in the midst of the Ebexx, yet hidden from all others. They had returned to carnivorous hunting, since their farmed source of protein had disappeared. Fernando ate vegetarian produce offered to him. He was encouraged to drink from a small internal water reservoir. His reflection in the water gave the first clue to his acceptance. He now had the same distinctive crimson pools obscuring his normal dark brown eyes. He instinctively knew this must be a signal of inclusion. Being controlled by the Virubacts, he had no other sensation, especially one which would have normally told him that the red-eye was produced by them, to recognise allies. Gradually, he began to feel that he was special. He was being acknowledged as some kind of icon. He was increasingly aware of the need to organise the Ebexx into more efficient groups in hunting, food and water preservation, sanitisation of internal habitats and caring for, as opposed to simply protecting their young. This all felt perfectly natural to him.
Carvalho had asked why Sevicek had not accepted his invitation. He asked for Fernando, primarily to admonish him if he had not passed on the request. Rafael, in the absence of his mother, told his father what had actually happened. The colour instantly drained from Carvalho’s face and he became extremely agitated. Rafael despatched his sister to bring Stella, realising his error of judgement. Daniel Carvalho passed away in his son’s arms.
His loss was not totally unexpected, but the suddenness sent a shock wave through the entire Phoenix contingent. A strange effect hit Alex 2 as the data was processed. Dan was the initial replicant of the young Carvalho, but the enduring friendship and recent merging of the tertiary replication with Daniel caused Alex 2 to experience transfer of significant data to new storage. This was his equivalent to emotional loss, and it would be felt as grief every time the archive was accessed in a certain way. He had never had such a personal trauma when fellow Symbiants were lost.
He convinced everyone that the only thing Daniel would have wanted them to do was to find Fernando, and get on with vaccinating all remaining vulnerable individuals to prevent a repeat. “I know we all feel like acknowledging his passing with a respectful period of reflection of his life, but he would not want that. He had a clear, decisive and instinctive way of pursuing what was important, not to the exclusion of compassion, but being compatible with it. We must allow his family – including Fernando - to grieve together.”
There was weary acceptance by those who would help in the search. Those who would remain with Stella and Anna-Severine first had to placate the inconsolable Rafael.

Chapter 12

Yamamoto, Nielsen and Sevicek joined Red, Dan and Alex 2 in the search after being vaccinated. Pascal 2 stayed behind to ensure any other Sapients intending to help find Fernando were also vaccinated. Yamamoto remarked that he felt ‘lost’. “Daniel has been such an anchor for me over the decades. He had a knack of knowing when to curb my unbridled enthusiasm and divert me to collecting evidence, and yet he managed to re-ignite that same curiosity whenever I had setbacks. He really was the invisible hand around my shoulder. I find it hard to accept the finality of this.”
Nielsen consoled him. “You were the ‘son’ he indulged before he met Stella.” Sevicek was remorseful. “I should have just asked Pascal 2 to inject the vaccine instead of making an announcement of the intention.”
Red offered some typical Symbiant detachment. “If he had stayed on Mars he would have suffered much worse. He realised a dream, coming here with his family.”
Alex 2 confessed he was still coming to terms with the loss. “I think back to the proposal to come here with the Axis. Daniel was torn; he wanted to join us but had to consider his family. When Stella insisted they should come, it was only a few hours after he had declared to me that he always thought we would be close friends until he died. Well we have been, and that gave us over four more decades together. Stella needs us to carry on drawing on his legacy whenever appropriate, to give Fernando, Rafael and Anna-Severine the opportunities he promised them. We owe that to her.”
He thought this was the right moment to enlighten them about the truth behind the tertiary replication. He addressed Yamamoto with his eyes before he spoke. “You were right about some information being screened out of the procedure. The fact that we are all talking about his uniqueness in this way underpins the decision to keep things simple. Daniel was vehemently opposed to such measures but reluctantly accepted that the disclosures would potentially destabilise the unity at the very time we were stepping into the new world. He could not bear to burden Stella with a replicant who looked like him, and would still be walking around now. His pragmatism is now fully understood and accepted by Stella. He managed to mould what I told him about my merging process with the Interference, into a socially responsible shape. He would have wanted me to tell you this to urge you to stay focussed. Don’t forget, I know this now that he and I are linked in this way.” The silence said it all. There would be a delayed clamour for more detail, but for now they had a more urgent task.
Fernando was beginning to show the Ebexx what he wanted them to do by mimicking the action himself. They were quite quickly learning the purpose of the tasks and he started to associate actions with monosyllables, as a dog trainer would do. The first task was to build shelters for congregating and sleeping. This needed to be away from the latrines. Water sources had to be diverted to both. A social structure would help cut down intense group ‘language’ sessions – the smartest would be his lieutenants, and they would roll out more complex hierarchical projects. One on the list was to infect and recruit more Sapients. The new strategy would see the abandonment of corralling and domesticating Indys, they needed to milk the compassionate nature of all Axis clans. This would be far easier if the Ebexx themselves were initially seen to be more placid. It would however infer the risk of organised hunting in the outlands. Momentum would come gradually with each Sapient converted, but the defection had to be disguised. He had to find a method of infiltrating the enclave, and the red-eye was a problem. At this stage the Ebexx needed it, but for him it was a means of betrayal to the Sapients.
The frustration was building amongst the search parties, and they too were thinking about forays into the borders with the outlands. Temporary camps were set up by the Indys, who were the obvious leaders of such exercises.
Stella knew that any funeral ceremony could not be private, yet she wanted it over and done as soon as possible. The negative news each day about Fernando added to the sense of being in suspended animation. Anna-Severine was coping best, with Rene as a constant companion. Rafael was still unable to respond to assurances that he was not to blame. He just couldn’t seem to take on board that his father was already hanging on to life by a slender margin, and it had been his own decision not to report his recurring angina pains. He also had yet to own up to the theft of the vaccine. He had judged Daniel’s condition to be serious enough to warrant being first on the list to receive it, but knew his father would have declined. He had been worried about exactly the kind confrontation with the Ebexx which caused Fernando’s infection; he concluded that even without such an attack, the Virubact itself would have caused his father’s fatality, unless he had been given the vaccine. He had intended to administer the dose himself while Daniel slept, but the interrogation as to Fernando’s whereabouts had short-circuited his plan. His intent now was to inform his mother, realising that it would make him feel even more immature than he already did. It had to be done; the burden was already causing acute depression.
Fernando was pondering the red-eye problem as he visited the drinking well. He was astonished to see that his eyes had returned to their normal colour. Once again an instinctive flush convinced him that as he had thought about the problem he had triggered an ‘internal’ solution. He was not aware of being controlled. The instinct extended to repeatedly showing this to his top Ebexx aide, and gesturing that he should follow suit. This repetitive reinforcement eventually succeeded, and the Virubact gleaned the primitive thought, and caused the Ebexx red-eye to recede. The passing on of the requirement accelerated from Ebexx to Ebexx, and Fernando could now stage his own return to the Sapients camp, claiming that the initial infection was eventually overcome by the Axzrann code, no vaccine was needed. He was to feign slight memory loss during the battle with the infection, but this idea was adjusted as the Virubact selectively restored some recall of his family. His father’s death was not one which could be restored, as he had never known about it. He left the Ebexx habitat.
There was a constantly changing ratio of wonder and trepidation amongst the searchers crossing the borderlands. The terrain was more undulating but covered in massive blobs of gigantic plant like species. Between them rivers meandered into lakes, some of which bubbled with hot springs. The sounds coming from the ‘forests’ were deafening. It was a chorus of screeching, whistling, growling and the disturbing death cries of prey. The intensity was unsettling. Gsarr’s update did nothing to quell the escalating nervous tension. “This noise level is partly because we have been spotted, it will decrease, but this is only the borderlands. When we reach the outlands we will experience a significant increase in density. We will rest awhile and replenish ourselves with food and water. We must stay together as a group. Do not show fear and absolutely do not attempt to harm any creature unless instructed to do so by one of us – the Indys.”
Yamamoto asked about ‘insect’ type life forms. “I have a bit of a problem with arachnids in particular, are there any such creatures?”
Gsarr did not understand the terminology, so Yamamoto sketched a rough drawing in the loose earth. Gsarr nodded his head. “There are some, but with more appendages.” Nielsen asked if there was any lotion to repel these pests. After some discussion with Keer, the Indys seemed to perform a ritualistic dance and make uncharacteristic hooting sounds. It was explained afterwards that this was a very rarely occurring form of mirth. Yamamoto’s eyes widened when it was clear that these Mynnschaz were over two metres in height and extremely venomous. After the rest period it was agreed that anyone who had such a phobia should remain at this oasis until the rest returned. Despite the assurance from Gsarr that the Mynnschaz only preyed on unfortunates who strayed into the entanglement of their webs, Yamamoto volunteered to remain at the oasis. He was joined by Sevicek, and it was felt prudent to leave one Indy and one Symbiant, as scout and protector respectively. The rest set off again. Gsarr was still amused by the thought of using a skin preparation to ward off the Mynnschaz. Alex 2 however, took the principle seriously. He questioned Gsarr about plant or soil habitats that some predators avoided, and suggested that most life forms have dislikes of this kind, even allergic reactions. “It is a common feature in the non-sentient animal world, for prey to cultivate means of being undesirable to predators. It could be much safer than risk of infection, injury or worse, through conflict.” This caused a mini-conference amongst the Indys.
When an unwashed, tousle-haired Fernando wandered into the camp, some of the Sapients backed away. Stella rushed to meet him and was quickly joined by Anna-Severine and Rene. The joyous hugging was punctuated by Rafael’s sombre body language and disinterested demeanour. Stella explained to Fernando that his father had passed away and that Rafael could not shake off his perceived guilt. They all put Fernando’s neutral reaction down to his lone trauma in overcoming the infection, and exhaustion. All except Rafael, he had at least expected a rebuke from his older brother; he sensed that something was wrong with Fernando.
At the oasis Yamamoto took advantage of Alex 2’s absence to grill Red about this tertiary replication. “Either I’m slow or we still need some gaps filled on this merging with... let me see, the Interference and our late Commander Carvalho. Come on Red, you must know the mechanisms involved, you’re part of it.”
Red replied in his usual dispassionate manner. “Yes, it is a unique experience for all Symbiants. We are used to operating almost as a hive mind via our technobabble. The current situation of differentiation in registry and data transmissions received is very strange, but there is no sinister overtone as far as we can tell. When I say we, I mean all of us except Alex 2 and Pascal 2.”
Sevicek muttered, “So Pascal 2 is in the special loop?”
“Not exactly,” replied Red, “he is not in transition as we believe Alex 2 is, but he is in possession of new data, which we do not have. When I questioned him about it he said it was received as a ‘blind copy’, probably directly relayed from Alex 2 at his discretion. He is convinced that Alex 2 is not keeping anything from him. The rest of us cannot be absolutely sure, but whether this is true or not, it all points to some imminent departure in protocol, most likely dictated by events. We still have the feeling that the Progenitors will not be proactive in these circumstances, and we have no input which diminishes confidence in their methodology.”
Yamamoto was typically rapier-like in his riposte. “So do you have an analytical breakdown or flow chart of events which may initiate acceleration of his transition?”
Red was sure the whole momentum was related to the tiny moon and its Virubact equivalent of unimaginable quantities of nuclear warheads. “We are currently bogged down in comparatively minor objectives of avoiding explosive growth of Virubacts on this planet, by simply providing very attractive hosts. Failure in this task has the potential to raise the stakes. I believe Alex 2’s transition is considered sufficient for this at present, but as we have been informed – we are not to approach the special brown dwarf, and that includes him, regardless of the status of his transition.”
Yamamoto switched his probing to the time frame. “The content from the tiny moon could come our way for any number of reasons, and at any time. This makes the ‘wait and see’ approach seem pretty sloppy to me. I’m guessing that the Sapients and Axis would be expendable in that scenario, which would be one explanation of the non-proactive strategy.” He was astonished at the reply.
“I would think that is a distinct possibility, and that is why we must attend to Nexus with all urgency.”

Chapter 13

The Virubact controlling Fernando was not passed on by airborne transmission; the strain had abandoned such wasteful and inconsistent methods. It had to be immediately active in the host’s bloodstream to replicate sufficiently quickly to gain important control points in the escalation from battle - to campaign - to war. Even saliva contact and ingestion to the stomach did not offer statistically high success rates against reasonably efficient immune systems. This of course varied if the host was already suffering a condition which occupied the immune defence, and old or weak targets were more vulnerable.
Fernando needed to find a means of injecting his own blood into an unsuspecting Sapient, including the members of his family. The sleeping hours would be safest. The Sapients who initially stood back when he arrived now gathered around to hear of his nightmare in the wilderness. Relieved at his insistence that the Axzrann code eventually overturned the Virubact control and purged the invasive pest from his system, they were hungry for information about how conscious he was of the internal struggle which raged at the time.
“I never felt anything other than clarity of purpose. I had an unstoppable urge to wander outside. Meeting the Ebexx didn’t disturb this need, even though I had just been savaged by one of them earlier. It seemed that I was almost invisible to them; this was presumably some recognition feature for the Virubact itself. I felt driven to help them but I was ignored. Then suddenly I would be aware that I was at risk and often this was followed by unconsciousness. However, I was never harmed. I can only assume that these were phases where the Axzrann code was temporarily winning control or limiting replication. This lasted for several days before the Ebexx began to take interest in me. They gave me food, water and shelter, which I didn’t know they were capable of building. I recovered slowly each day until memories of my family replaced these waves of unfamiliar but clear objectives. As I gained strength I was able to communicate some basic intentions to the Ebexx, including my need to return to my family, and here I am.”
This plausible, benign fabrication reassured the Sapients, but more than that – a few Europans had mingled with the audience, and were hooked by the portrayal of the ‘kind and caring’ Ebexx. Maybe this Virubact was not a force of evil but a beneficial thread in developing social tapestry. Sleep time was approaching and only Rafael seemed to think his brother’s elaborations were somewhat out of character.
Gsarr was busy informing the newcomers that they were now entering the outlands proper, when one of his colleagues, Styliar, motioned for everyone to seek cover. He had scouted ahead and spotted the legendary Fasnshluur. He used sign language to convey the bad news; there were at least four in this pack. When the plants around them began to vibrate, the Nexus ‘virgins’ seemed to shake in harmony. Even this seismic sensation did not fully prepare them for what was to come. The first one to engage their eyes was at least as tall as a three storey building. The head was planar, not unlike a colossal stingray, with a single eye, availing of 360 degree rotation. This prodigious vision capability covered about forty percent of the surface of its head, and a proboscis was sniffing around – occasionally opening up to reveal copious drippings of what appeared to be sticky green saliva. The orifice on the end of the proboscis was large enough to ingest a horse. The rest could be considered, from a detached observatory, to be slightly disappointing. The head was supported by a snake-like neck and the presumed torso was fractionally larger than the head, with spines. However this was not a detached situation, and the jointed limbs, of which there were many, enabled very high manoeuvrability for such a cumbersome looking leviathan.
It got worse; this one was an adolescent, and it was straying toward them; its mother would soon be pursuing the wayward calf. Gsarr knew that the adult would have fully developed and flared olfactory flaps, dozens of them. Their chances of survival were receding unless the calf changed direction.
At least they had met the top predator, a vertebrate with the ability to stay underwater for long periods, and give birth to live young, which it would nurture and protect until it reached pubescent adulthood. There was some way to go, but these were the elementary tools for future sentience.
Fernando stealthily picked out the most remote sleeping quarters in the camp, having first appropriated some of his mother’s strongest anaesthetic. He entered the chamber and administered the saturated cloths simultaneously to Rene and her mother, Peri. Rafael had followed him, but at a distance which did not arouse suspicion. It was also far enough away to prevent him from blocking Fernando’s incisions being made in the arms of the sedated couple. His own arm was similarly cut to allow the infected blood to ooze into the recipients. Nevertheless, Rafael surprised his brother with a syringe loaded with vaccine and Fernando’s disbelief afforded Rafael the time to return the favour with the anaesthetic. It was not until Fernando passed out that he realised that he should have kept some vaccine for Rene and Peri. He rushed back to his mother’s locker, waking her in the process. He protested that there was no time to explain, but she took the vaccine and forced him to elaborate. By the time they ran back to Rene’s abode all three had disappeared. All Sapients were alerted to the situation and despite the darkness they commenced a search. It didn’t take long to locate Fernando, as he had only partially shaken off the anaesthetic, walked into a trench and ‘regained’ unconsciousness. Stella and Rafael carried him back to their abode while Anna-Severine went on looking for Rene and her mother. What they recognised as growling Ebexx sounds led them to seek a vantage point to observe Rene and Peri being inspected and ushered into one of their newly constructed indoor domains.
Stella revived Fernando with stimulant and he was agitated by Rafael’s presence. Stella recounted Rafael’s story and he became calm. She told him that he would be kept under constant observation until the vaccine had taken full effect.
Just above Nielsen’s head was a flower; it was moving toward him. It was on a coiled stem, which suggested it may be capable of springing quite a long way and with considerable speed. It resembled a goldfish bowl in size and the lone ‘fish’ moving around inside was bright red. He was afraid. It appeared that the open face was somehow achieving the impossible by retaining the clear liquid inside against the gravitational pull. He was told to remain absolutely still. He could not seem to do that as the approaching Fasnshluur was causing everything to move. The fish appeared to perform repetitive contortions compared to the previous random movements. Gsarr now knew it would strike. About a litre of colourless goo catapulted from the flower and wrapped itself around Nielsen’s face. Gsarr realised the game was up and told everyone to retreat. “We have to leave him; he will not be able to breathe. He will distract the Fasnshluur. Let’s go.” Alex 2 did not agree and told Dan and Keer to stand firm.
The rest retreated as Gsarr suggested. The adult Fasnshluur dispensed with all three of them to get to the writhing form of Nielsen. It seemed to recognise he was stricken and would have little resistance to offer. The Symbiants had failed to deliver a strike before the swathing neck swept them collectively into a rocky clearing. They were all damaged. Keer had been decapitated, Dan was without legs and Alex 2 was impaled on a ferrite spear. They were all immobilised, but fortunately, the regeneration system was functional and sufficient sentinel cells still had interconnection to initiate recovery. However, they had to remain in their ringside seats until the regeneration restored necessary motor functions. The next moments were surreal; the Fasnshluur ingested the rapidly asphyxiating Nielsen and this was obviously farewell. It turned out to be goodbye followed by hello. The ingestion had achieved what Nielsen could not – removal of his transparent, impermeable face mask. The ejection was assisted by his helium source for the jacket being punctured. The Fasnshluur began retching continuously and turned back to warn the others. When he had recovered a little composure Nielsen realised he was in better shape than Alex 2, Dan or Keer. Gsarr and his entourage were perplexed and apologetic, although Nielsen did not know of their defection, with himself as a decoy.
Back at the camp some of the Europans contacted the nearest Indy cave dwellers and asked if they would send a scout to inform Gsarr’s party of Fernando’s return. When the scout found them they were still occupied milking the red goldfish plants for anti-Fasnshluur balm. The Symbiants, being fully regenerated and not prone to asphyxiation, were able to harvest it without risk. Gsarr named it Ari-Ari, in an apologetic gesture to Nielsen, and said it fitted with his sharp entry and exit sequence. The real Ari could not force a smile. They set off to return.
By the time they had reached the camp Fernando had undergone another personality change. The potent vaccine had made progress and he confessed his previous assertions about not needing it, as part of the Virubact control. He was desperately sorry that the same control had caused the infection of Rene and Peri. “They aren’t in any danger from the Ebexx, quite the opposite, they treated me like royalty. They will be manipulated by the Virubacts to educate the Ebexx, and drive home the need to infect more Sapients and Europans, subsequently employing them to produce anti-immune drugs for overcoming all Axis, Symbiants and Indys. We have to use this period of their familiarisation with the Ebexx to plan their extraction. Their utilisation of Axzrann code will delay the completion of control for a longer period than it was for me. This is due to the relatively incompatible nature of Axzrann’s DNA with Sapient equivalent, and in my case it was helpful to the Virubacts. I would propose we re-pollute the water with Amzyss until we can recover Rene and her mother. There’s no time to lose.” There was some reluctance from the Europan ‘idealists’ but the Indys were very much in favour and they held sway.
Alex 2 listened while Gsarr recounted the amazing encounter with the Fasnshluur to the gathering, and the discovery of Ari-Ari, as if he had never abandoned Nielsen. He was however distracted by an incoming message. The subtraction of Mars had caused the predicted orbital re-adjustment of the remaining planetary bodies, asteroids and transitory comets. Earth was moving towards an increasingly distended elliptical orbit. This was also gradually changing the axis tilt and therefore the seasonal periods. Jupiter was now absorbing and slinging asteroids in a much more violent fashion. Earth was facing much wider extremes in climate and had already had two significant impacts, courtesy of Jupiter. The ‘nuclear’ winter had reinforced the mini-ice age. Mass extinction was expected, and although some species may survive until the warmer period, Humanity was not going to be one of them. There was no other way this scenario could be presented to give hope. He just had to deliver the news.
The problems they were now facing seemed irrelevant. This applied to the Europans as much as the Sapients, as they had observed and not interfered with Human development, from its cradle to its wings, via the space elevator. The Indys felt like intruders and decided it would be best to leave the others to come to terms with the prognosis, while they sprinkled the Amzyss into the water sources.
Alex 2 could not help feeling that, although Daniel Carvalho was gone, part of his own sadness was due to the tertiary replication with his friend. It was now time to conduct his funeral; it wouldn’t feel right to have a separate mourning event.

Chapter 14

It simply would not sink in. Despite the fact that over fifty of them were forging a new life on Nexus, they kept reminding one another of the unthinkable demise of the Human race. The inward self-contemplation was broken by Yamamoto. His anger had been building, and had only been retarded by the gravity of the news and respect for Daniel Carvalho’s ceremony.
He approached Alex 2, and deliberately chose a public forum. “So the Progenitors pull the plug on Mars because of the success of the Virubacts, and the price of extinguishing life on Earth is an acceptable trade-off. Nice. After all the campaigning you have done on their behalf don’t you suspect that something is wrong here? I’m speaking for no one but myself, but I won’t support any more of their obtuse directives via you or any other Symbiant. Bringing us here could be interpreted in any number of ways, including fighting their battles against 55 Cancri Virubacts. At present, this is a common purpose, in order to survive. It will not always be that way – we’ll face several outcomes, amongst which are the following – we lose, we look like losing, we win or we look like winning. If we lose, what I’m about to say doesn’t matter. If we look like losing we face the same fate as Mars. If we win it will be but the first step in some grand design. If we look like winning but just can’t clinch victory we may have failed in gaining full membership to the bible of promising species. My conclusion is therefore that the Progenitors are an irrelevance from now on. I’ll therefore be campaigning against you, and concentrate solely on our survival, and that could mean gaining evolutionary tolerance of Virubacts and other emergent life forms, whether or not they are rubber-stamped by your hierarchy. If we had never discovered the Continuance we would still have discovered the Axis and ultimately interstellar travel. The only real purpose you have served is to accelerate what was going to happen. That’s why I’m sure you will agree; we must bring this phase of checking Virubact aggression to a successful conclusion. Then we may have to really examine the benefit and downside of maintaining cooperation with you, and therefore your mentors.”
Alex 2 was forming his reply but Yamamoto walked away. He had considerable support. It was becoming increasingly clear to Alex 2 that it wasn’t possible for transient beings such as Sapients to be motivated by the infinite context of the Progenitors, and their emissaries - such as himself. The path until now had been fuelled by the crossing of already established, tangible Human frontiers. Joining the nebulous army of dark matter to defeat, but not really defeat, the impossible to conceive dark energy, was destined to fail. He therefore felt some empathy with Yamamoto’s analysis. His own pronouncements of fifty years ago about events such as the disappearance of the solar system maybe not registering with the Progenitors, now sounded hollow. He was aware of his own transition being affected by incessant evaluation of what constituted illogical behaviour. He was also beginning to question the lack of opportunity to clarify or refute the instruction strings from on high.
He spoke to Pascal 2 about it. “Yamamoto should not be criticised for his outburst, as he has made me more aware of the Progenitors’ apparent marginalisation of everything to protect their equations of cosmic balance.”
Pascal 2 was expressionless. “Isn’t that how it is? We can accept that the laws of physics and therefore the cosmos must be obeyed. We may not yet understand every aspect of every law and the consequent interrelationship with energy, gravity, particles etc, but they are there. We may derive more understanding if the balance is preserved long enough. It is possible this will lead us to then be able to influence those laws. The relationships we have developed on Mars, and those we still have to develop with Indys, Gliese and hopefully Epsilon Axis, are simply stepping stones in this void. With respect to Martian Symbiants, it is the first contact with true sentience – and yet the Progenitors have probably had many such experiences.”
“Yes, that is all true, but if we are merely manipulating the existence of sentient species to achieve higher and higher comprehension of all this cosmic flux, what is the point of deliberate deletion of billions of years of nurture of a species being sacrificed, for small tactical gain in extinguishing a few Virubacts? The array of species here could yet be wiped out by them, but probability suggests they would not be victors in the absolute sense. I can see that if all ‘normal’ sentient species were controlled by others which were in themselves incapable of locomotion, it would only be a setback. Nevertheless, we should not discount the possibility that some evolutionary symbiotic benefit could come from the alliance. We have not been enlightened as to the real concern the Progenitors harbour with respect to the Virubacts.”
Pascal 2 agreed. “Why does that trouble you?”
“If civilisations like Sapients and Axis do not have significant purpose in the equations or are considered as minor variables, why send the warning to stay away from the brown dwarf?”
Pascal 2 looked confused. Alex 2 continued, “There are only tiny populations of these species in the grander scheme of things, whereas viruses, bacteria and potentially Virubacts could be everywhere. If the warning was for us, and remember Keer may well have succumbed but for your intervention, it was very imprecise, and it was followed by this troublesome message concerning illogical behaviour, which was even more vague. ‘Illogical’ could have applied to all of the species here on Nexus, including the Virubacts. I have also considered the aspect of organic life in this equation. When the Axis left Nexus they had already embarked on a programme of moving to a higher ratio of inorganic structure. We are predominantly inorganic, but require some organic enabling features. The species with almost exclusively organic architecture is also the one closest to extinction. The genetic code you applied for them on Mars is now a characteristic of the only branch which survived. Those survivors are the most vulnerable to the Virubacts. They are also ahead of the Axis in an important aspect. There is no doubt that the Axis are masters of surgical engineering but Sapients are much further advanced in genetic engineering, as they demonstrated in restoring the Axis procreative ability. So, in attempting to put all of the factors mentioned together I find only one logical fit. Could it be that the Progenitors are favouring sentience to be harnessed to exclusively inorganic life?”
Pascal 2 frowned. “I do not see how that is a conclusion derived from logic.”
Alex 2 smiled. “It does include speculative logic I admit, but the missing parts would normally lead the Continuance to view the scenario as incomplete. If you were forced to link the observations I challenge you to find other results with more theoretical conformance.”
Pascal 2 considered this for some time and then asked, “If that was true, and that is an assumption, nothing more – what do you believe it suggests we can expect, and why?”
Alex 2 prefaced his reply with a request to Pascal 2 to keep the reference to illogical behaviour as an overlay. “Our experience in the solar system covers more than four billion years. So my first assumption is that such a significant fraction of the entire period since the big bang is highly relevant to the Progenitors. In that time we never encountered another life form which was entirely or predominantly inorganic. My next assumption is less robust statistically, yet is supportive rather than contradictory. Here on Nexus we have only seen organic life. The species with the closest approximation to inorganic behaviour we know of are viruses. The Human database designates them as the borderline between life and non-life. However, they are really fragments of genetic code and prefer organic hosts to replicate and flourish. The processes by which they then function are organic-dependent. Their limitations are considerable yet they are a threat to the march of sentience, or to be more precise, they were. Since the collaboration with bacteria they have switched tactics. The threat is no longer mortal pandemics, rather harvesting of sentience. We are conditioned to perceive that as a threat. Just for a moment imagine the primordial Human era, and plug in the Virubacts at that time. We may have witnessed a much more rapid rise to sentience – as all manner of plagues may have been avoided. It only now strikes me as strange, that we have from the very first conversations after my replication of Alex Redgrave on Mars, tried to influence Humanoids to alter their physiology. It was advocated under the umbrella of interstellar travel necessity, and it was what the group we call Sapients wanted to hear. We shifted our support from Humans to the Axis on the grounds that diversity and duplicity were unhelpful trends, but as well as not being afflicted with these traits, the Axis were well on the inorganic road. The almost rock solid statistical probability of us meeting the Axis on Mars did not occur when they first colonised the planet, we were literally metres apart. Let us not forget that they had already encountered the Continuance on Nexus, yet not only were we not apprised of this, we had to speculate and make the connection with poor archival evidence. This was corrected as soon as we left for Nexus.” Pascal 2 was now listening intently. Alex 2 continued.
“My own tertiary replication with Daniel Carvalho was presented to him as adding immunity to the Virubacts, and in retrospect, following Keer’s infection, that was for our benefit. It has had however, the additional effect of somehow extending the perspective of my role. I am informed that much of the data received is to do with merging the Interference registry, but I definitely have more Sapient awareness. Is this a pollutant? Or is it simply illogical behaviour? In the light of all of this I re-examined the warning to keep away from the brown dwarf. I believe now, that we can substitute tiny moon for brown dwarf. The statistical chances of bringing together the means of explosive cooperation between viruses and bacteria were underestimated in the decision to create the conditions to form the stabilising sub-stellar body. The moon was an unforeseen accident. I would also refer you to what Fernando revealed when vaccinated. He believes that the Virubact did not harm him at all in the conventional sense. The warning to avoid the moon was affixed with the tag – ‘under no circumstances’ and it applied to us as well as the organics. My final assumption is the most tenuous, yet I am more convinced it has credibility with each unfolding event. The grand design may well be one of preserving balance with dark energy, and the component of sentience, which does require nurturing, or is it management to support that objective? If we substitute ‘convert to inorganic’ for manage, the other issues I have enumerated do fall into place. In addition, the illogical ‘Sapient’ behaviour of which I now avail - and this must have been factored into the tertiary replication - may be surfacing as an irritant. A perfect example is that the instruction to stay away, which provokes the rebellious gene to wonder why, maybe stimulates ignoring the warning. It has the opposite effect to what was intended. There may be the seeds of new evolutionary life forms on that moon, which are now just a flicker away from the most fertile enabling Humanoid counterpart which would kick-start the process. This could introduce utter chaos to the ordered progression of the pathway to inorganic ascendancy. We may have been imbued with the genuine ultimate objective, but the mechanics of the critical path are on a need to know basis. Well, do you think this makes any sense or do you suspect I am already under Virubact control?”
Pascal 2 seemed to be undergoing data reorganisation. After a short inability to communicate he replied, “A conspiracy theory would be the Sapient definition to classify this interpretation. I have just been updated with all of the prior information you have shared with me, but not the other Symbiants. That is indeed strange. I do not dispute the possibility that you may be correct about some of the individual issues. Maybe because I have not had a tertiary replication experience with a Sapient, I do not link the conclusions in the same way. I am sufficiently curious to know what would happen if you shared the same theory with others like Dan, Red and Finn, and then observe their reaction.” Alex 2 agreed.
Red was first to be exposed to his notion. Pascal 2 was in attendance and witnessed the same updating he himself had received from the ‘official’ source. The three of them pondered over this and agreed it was highly unusual if not illogical. Dan and Finn followed suit, and this cause and effect sequence was debated for many hours. They agreed to carry on as if nothing had happened, until something else did happen.
Fernando was fully recovered, including his memory. He was sorry yet not distraught at the apparent deliverance of Rene and Peri to the Virubact influence, and was still able to rationalise the criteria for their selection as opposed to any of the others. It was simply their more remote abode. He did however wish to help get them back and knew how to achieve this. A group of Sapients volunteered to assist and Fernando pleaded for this to be a non-violent approach. He wanted to see if there was any retained recognition of himself by the Ebexx. He hoped the Amzyss had not had time to affect their memory, scent or visual recollection. The members of his party agreed to his plan but insisted on carrying a means of defending themselves, should the need arise. They hurriedly produced makeshift slings and selected reasonably rounded rocks as the payload.
When they approached the new internal habitats, the first response was animated growling and posturing, a territorial defence ploy. As Fernando came forward alone the Ebexx calmed down and he recognised his lieutenant. It was mutual. After some of the others returned indoors Fernando was struggling to recall the primitive signals of communication which had been established, nevertheless he was ‘invited’ to enter. The observing Sapients were gradually getting more uncomfortable and were edging closer to the entrance when Fernando emerged. He was deluged with questions and held up his hands. “I can only tell you that somehow I’m pretty certain that Rene and her mother will return soon. I can’t be precise about how soon, but it seems imminent from my conversation with them. We should go back and wait for them.” One of the Sapients was suspicious that he had been re-infected, so Fernando suggested they allow Stella or Pascal 2 to confirm or refute this. They hurried back and the tests were performed – he didn’t show any evidence of Virubact presence. The wait commenced while the rest of the Sapients were briefed. There was all round surprise at the insinuation that Fernando, and now Rene and Peri were ‘friends’ of the Ebexx. The Europans were more receptive to the possibility and set off to ask the Indys to suspend the Amzyss water treatment pending the return of their infected kin.

Chapter 15

Although nothing of significance had arisen since the Symbiant discussion, Red volunteered a suggestion. “I can visualise one possible reason for the subtraction of Mars from the Progenitors’ perspective. If the entire Human population had become infected, the Symbiants they brought from Earth and the ones remaining at Echus Chasma would become prone to Virubact control sooner or later. That could be a much more serious problem, especially as the means to return to Earth was still there. Those Symbiants, even if infected could survive the ice and nuclear winter. A ‘renegade’ virubact species with such infrastructure could begin to fan out into the galaxy, and even come here. I realise, before you say it, this is also speculation – but it may explain the apparent sacrifice of the Earthlings. My next question is about communication. Why are we having these discussions in Human audio instead of technobabble? Does this illogical behaviour somehow connect with the updates arriving sequentially after such audio sessions?”
They agreed to continue in audio for a while. Pascal 2 disputed the word ‘control’ when comparing infection with Humanoids or Axis. “Keer’s condition was one of being consumed, because there was no true organic vehicle for metabolic progression. He would have merely ceased to function.”
The others seized upon this to declare that such speculative theory was flourishing solely out of absence of fact, and that was down to the Progenitors’ recent lack of precision in their communication. Shifting the cause did not remove the difficulty in facing Yamamoto’s assertion that Sapients and Axis should not concern themselves about such mythical entities any more. This view had gathered almost total support. Even the Indys were affected by Rene and Peri declaring that the Ebexx were voluntarily giving up their domestication practice of other sentient species. They had begun, with the guidance of Fernando, a campaign of true farming of selected flora. The Amzyss programme was abandoned.
Although they had not said it openly to one another, the Symbiants were individually questioning more logically why the whole Virubact surge was the apparent trigger for the series of messages. The revelation of them being a ‘secondary’ foe was not backed up with detail in the same way as the perennial struggle with dark energy had been. Alex 2 convinced the rest they should talk with Yamamoto in order to make him aware of their analysis, and convey this as their means of sympathising with his views. Kipchoge Yamamoto acknowledged this as a pivotal moment in the relationship, and at the same time felt uncomfortable that he seemed to be undergoing his own metamorphosis. He was slipping through the portal from scientist to evangelist.
“I’m pleased to hear that you guys at least understand our need to live in the ‘now’. We knew we had a fight on our hands, which, if we can treat the individual testimony of those infected by the virubacts as reliable, could turn into a choice, albeit a complex one. It’s a relief to begin even using the word choice again, as the habitat potential in the borders and outlands isn’t an option at present. Something you mentioned in your analysis provokes a question. I will comment anyway, you know I can’t resist that, but I can’t devote any time to follow it up, even if you thought it may have merit. I see that I have your attention. This business about the trigger being the Virubacts, and them being filed under secondary foe, but lacking the clarity of detail compared to that of the primary one – dark energy.”
“Go on,” said Alex 2.
“Well it’s just a thought but viruses and bacteria have had billions of years to develop their duet, and they managed it on Mars long before Humans landed. What if the enabling catalyst was dark energy? This region of 55 Cancri was suffering with instability, this was then further exacerbated by the wormhole cataclysm, and we know that the brown dwarf came about to re-stabilise the gravitational harmony. Doing the opposite in the solar system – causing instability by subtracting Mars makes no sense to me, unless the Virubacts there were about to receive significant enabling energy. The strain on Mars was, we understand imperfect; because it terminated, maimed, disfigured many, and controlled a few. The scenario here seems to have already got past that stage. Anyway these are just ramblings; it’s you guys who need to figure out the big picture. If I’m right about this last part, then we are both right about information being economical with the truth or withheld.”
The Symbiants looked at one another and as Yamamoto was preparing to leave they unconsciously reverted to technobabble and were immediately disabled, all five of them lying motionlessly on the ground. Yamamoto was stunned and tried to revive Red who was closest. He was limp and Yamamoto sensed he was at a higher temperature than normal operating mode.
It was several minutes before they twitched and then quickly recovered consciousness. They conversed in audio, and all of them confirmed that amongst other clean-up procedures they had lost the technobabble facility. On checking the other Symbiants on Nexus it was found to apply to all of them. The other changes included re-configuration of logic protocols and removal of adaptive behavioural routines. The explanation for this was apparently to free up capacity in anticipation of a temporary communication link to something. The functions disabled or temporarily removed did account for an enormous and complex facilitation structure, presumably explaining their blackout period.
Yamamoto shook his head in either disbelief or disapproval, and headed off to seek out Fernando. When he arrived he found an amazing scene. Sapients and Europans were busy helping the Ebexx to prepare their land for sowing indigenous plants for future crops. The Ebexx were simply following the actions of the others at the same time as Fernando, Rene and Peri were communicating with the lieutenant in sign language. He could not help wondering if they had really been cured by the vaccine. His recall of Pascal 2’s emphasis of the Amzyss side effect, allowing the Virubacts better neural access, was vivid. Something very important had to be part of the explanation of the rapid increase in capacity to learn, in what were recently barely sentient carnivores. He was drawn to go back to the debate with the Symbiants, but maintained focus on the immediate needs of the real world.
“Fernando, there is something I would like to discuss with you, can you spare some time now, or later this afternoon?”
Afternoon was quite a vague term on Nexus, with the two stellar bodies, the spiral ringed brown dwarf, the appearance and disappearance of gas giants – all of which occurred in the subdued reddish light representing daytime. Their appreciation of this cosmic beauty had been truncated since the problems following the descent, but it was slowly returning. They had not quite got used to the nights being pretty much the same temperature as the days. The novelty of the helium suits had worn off, they could not wait for the time to shed them at night; Nielsen was the most reluctant. “I’d like to finish this section and I’ll be with you shortly,” replied Fernando.
Before he started out on the intended discussion, Yamamoto suggested to Fernando that the Symbiants could help shorten the plant growth cycle by using a small quantity of red crystal to replicate and improve the photosynthetic algorithm as they had done so effectively on Mars.
“We need to begin planning our first real city. It will benefit from the farming programme you’ve started but we’ll require the Axis synthetic food processing technology in the long run, as expansion will take us closer to the unpredictable outlands. The arrival of the other Axis clans will intensify the need for advanced, coherent urban thinking and the Indys will abandon their caves in favour of more reliable living. This experimental assistance to the Ebexx will need careful thought to protect it from ad-hoc, knee jerk or fragmented decision making. The Symbiants are at present preoccupied with their esoteric relationship with what I have come to think of as ‘dark doesn’t matter’. They were never leaders, they encourage, so we just have to get on with it. I’m sure the Axis and Indys will want to be as homogeneous as possible and in close proximity initially. We may also prefer a close but peripheral habitat. The important thing is to get on with it. Apart from food production facilities, we need mineral extraction plants, fabrication facilities, and proper sanitation engineering. Otherwise the risk of additional infections will occur. This brings me to the Virubacts. The Symbiants are obsessed with them and we can rely on them to give us new information as it arises. I advise tolerance from each species or group toward the different levels of acceptance or concern which will undoubtedly arise over this issue. The Gliese and Epsilon clans may well have new perspective. The Europans and Indys are not exactly singing from the same sheet. Sapients must proceed with caution. Now, we must develop the execution plan for all of this. I’m reluctantly being shuffled, by the apathy of others, to lead the way toward some kind of grip on survival. Nielsen is still suffering trauma from his terrible experience in the outlands, and Sevicek has confessed to me that he is not suited to being a leader, and is happier cast in the role of devil’s advocate. Your father was very proud of the recent contributions you made to the Phoenix population, and I would ask you to take responsibility for all food production, naturally farmed, technologically farmed and synthetically produced. This needs to include research work, production facility design and deployment of labour. If you can agree to this I will take on the extraction of essential minerals, the chemical manufacturing plants and construction of living infrastructure. The Axis should be asked to select their equivalent leaders to reflect our proposals to urgently begin working to the same goals where they are clear, and manage the differences where they are not. Are you with me?”
This was something to take in, but Fernando knew his friend was right; there was a danger of allowing the hiatus to roll on into a dangerous comfort zone. He accepted.
The Symbiants still aboard Phoenix reported the good news that the Epsilon vessel had managed to resume QSD travel and it was planned to have more regular dropouts to monitor any adverse trends arising. These Symbiants had not engaged the surface individuals in technobabble for some time and therefore had not experienced the blackouts until now. Upon recovering they had an additional piece of information as well as the vacated capacity. The aforementioned communication link was to be enabled via Phoenix systems and required all Symbiants to be aboard for this one-off two-way session.
The proposal caused some consternation in the ranks of the Axis and Sapients as this effectively left the only means of robotic technology, red crystal and the state-of-the-art medical facility, prone to the presumed directives of the Progenitors, or their other agents. The vessel could disappear, be piloted elsewhere or commandeered for some ‘higher purpose’.
Yamamoto and Trader sought an immediate meeting with Alex 2. “Kipchoge, I know you will suspect some agenda in all this but I ask you and Trader to trust us. Apart from that, we all need to know more than we currently do, or we will never be able to explain the sacrifice of Humanity and the extent of the attendant danger to the Axis. It was you who first alerted us to the gaps in information.”
The reply was not encouraging. “Sure I did, and I still want to know what those gaps mean, but not at the price of leaving us stranded here without technology until the Gliese arrive. It isn’t you I don’t trust. It’s your ethereal masters. Their track record isn’t good, and you may not be included in the agenda. Herding you all into one physical location, to reveal the communication uplink, sounds a bit like urging you to employ a rowing boat instead of an electronic transmission, to coax you into target coordinates. If you are the ones to be indoctrinated with the agenda it means simultaneous deletion with no outside or stray witnesses. Of course it could be a genuine requirement, but it’s all so clandestine it breeds suspicion. I don’t know about you, but I consider the Phoenix to be the brainchild and property of the Axis; the likes of you and I contributed to it, no more. Perhaps you should listen to Trader.”
“Very well, please give me your views”
Trader was calmer than Yamamoto in outlining his concern. “Our reason for being here is the Gliese discovery of radio noise from the Indys and the ring of telescopes which told us Nexus had survived. We had a chance to make some kind of amends for the devastation we caused with the exodus. If there was even the slightest concern that Phoenix was no longer here, it would be interpreted by our inbound clans as an unstable domain of some kind. Phoenix is not only symbolic; it is our only means of contact with them. We cannot knowingly put that at risk.”
Alex 2 took onboard both sets of concern. “Well there was no timescale for this proposed orbital gathering. It is seen as an opportunity by Symbiants, but we can delay it while we endeavour to make more sense of it all.”
Yamamoto was relieved even if it was a short postponement. “Have you ever considered that this elusive dark energy, which even Humans believed to be the hidden force driving the expansion of the universe, is no more than a theoretical substitute for a rather inconvenient variable in some sacred equation? Its purpose could be to prevent the house from falling down until a solid foundation is retrospectively designed.”
“We can always rely on you Kipchoge, to challenge anything, even your own challenges. It was only yesterday that you suggested dark energy could be the enabling fusion for the viral-bacterial alliance.”
Yamamoto smiled. “Someone needs to keep you on your toes. Something enabled the union; dark energy could be a candidate – if it exists. The suggestions are neither interdependent nor mutually exclusive. I want to be open-minded but I also have some enabling of my own to organise; it’s known as survival of what is left of our species. Trader has the same immediate concern. Please let us know well in advance of any renewed request to embark on the rowing boat.”
Alex 2 detected the same glint in Yamamoto’s eyes as he had experienced many times with Carvalho, however the compensating ability to seek compromise in the face of failure to prevail, was not yet evident.
The Symbiants assisted with the transport, setup and establishment of the technology equipment. Many carefully planned descents were needed and extending the robot production capability was given highest priority. After almost three months of concentrated collaborative effort the rowing boat analogy was raised again. The compromise gene which Yamamoto was thought to be lacking suddenly emerged. “Let’s dedicate all effort now to producing a pilot energy plant to get the essential functions moving and we can place the communications array at the top of the list.”
Alex 2 realised he had been strung along. “It works fine where it is, we have been patient.”
“Forgive me if I’ve misunderstood,” said Yamamoto, “but no disasters have occurred. It wouldn’t appear to have critical urgency to setup your conduit; otherwise you would have been contacted. Anyway the communication link Trader badly needs is to ensure that the other clans can be certain we are still here, alive and kicking. It is paramount. We can fabricate a unit here on the surface, take the one from Phoenix, or the option I really like is to land Phoenix.”
Both Alex 2 and Trader were now astonished. Alex 2 asked, “And how do you propose to get it back into orbit?”
“Why would we want to do that?”
Alex 2 now had more appreciation of Human duplicity since the tertiary replication and realised where this was going. “Yes I see. There are no plans to go anywhere, and if an emergency were to arise, the robots we are building on Phoenix could dismantle and reassemble the vessel in orbit just as they did on Mars. I would appear to have answered my own question, except if your conspiracy theory is correct it would be highly unlikely to grant you the years that would take, as a warning.”
“True,” said Yamamoto, “but that may be preferable to its disappearance or appropriation. Anyway, your instruction was for you all to assemble in one place and use the Phoenix array. So if we bring the array to Nexus we don’t have to land the vessel. It should satisfy everyone. It should only take a couple of weeks.”
It was a compromise, mostly for the Symbiants.
Yamamoto could not resist his concluding sarcastic jibe. “Come on, you have repetitively drilled the point home to us that the Progenitors view the period from single cell creatures on Earth to the dawn of Humanity as an insignificant time frame. This delay must be less important than the blink of the eye which subtracted Mars, and the slightly slower extinction of innocent people and their children, who were already struggling with the mini-ice age conditions on Earth. Presumably, if your chat is important, it will be on some mind-boggling issue which will endure long after we are forgotten.”
It was the disguised vitriol which struck Alex 2 as more worrying than the content.

Chapter 16

In a curious way, the ‘Yamamoto compromise’ as it became known, did take the anxiety levels down. The gradual achievements spurred on more ambition and the Indys were showing distinct signs of wanting to be in on all that was on offer, including better domestic habitat. The Ebexx were still on a steep learning curve but had managed to assimilate the rudiments of pictographs as part of the ascent to written language. They were real contributors to the workforce, particularly in heavy, labour intensive tasks. The efficiency in crop production, courtesy of the red crystal had freed many of them to learn new skills.
Two years had passed quickly as the progress accelerated. There were new additions to both Europan families and Indys, adding to the compatibility, which was already ahead of what had been expected. Sapient numbers had also seen a slight increase with the firstborn Nexus offspring.
The rowing boat was still moored despite the means of communication being accessible in what would be the main city square someday. The Sapients had centralised their own, more modest settlement a mile away, toward the borderland. It provided the challenge to grow the societies together over time and offered an interesting exercise regime for those who were most determined to make the helium suits redundant. All social facilities were in the Axis centre, to maintain diversity. The Ebexx were happy to take root in the same direction as the Sapients, just a little closer to the borderland perimeter. Anna-Severine asked Fernando why the other Axis clans had not arrived yet.
“Anni, you should know from your time aboard Phoenix that although Nexus is over forty light years from the solar system, Epsilon Eridani is around eleven, and Gliese is over twenty. By that inadequate index we could conclude that they should have been here before us. However, just like the distance from Mars to Earth and Europa varies with the orbits of each of them, then the relative position of the stars we are talking about vary within the galaxy. In this instance we are talking about light years instead of millions of miles. The commencement of the missions was optimised for the Mars departure. The others set off years later because of the staggered assembly times, which were also of the order of years. There was also the route to consider with QSD. We had the Symbiants to help with the minimising of dropout calculations. This is a very dangerous way to travel if you don’t have this kind of mathematical ability. The others have had to travel for longer periods with conventional thrust, which adds years to the journey but is safer. Finally our vessel, again thanks to the Symbiants and Evander de la Cruz availed of considerably more flexible field generators and could consequentially maintain displacement closer to light speed. I should not have to remind you that small variations at these levels make a big difference, when we want to know how long and not how fast the journey will be.”
“Thanks Fernando, I’m really pleased I asked. Now can I ask when they will be here instead of why they aren’t here? Just tell me the time, no explanations if you don’t mind.”
“I doubt it will not be for some years yet.”
“Great, thanks.”
The two years had pushed the Symbiants’ option of quenching the thirst for a dialogue with head office down so far in priority that it was Trader who asked for an update. If anything had been passed to them in the way of messages, for instance? There was nothing to report. The timeout had given them a ringside seat to observe the allegedly evil Virubact manipulation of sentience. It had not happened. Viewed dispassionately, the barely sentient Ebexx had gone from hunting and killing non-sentient sources of protein to farming them. It had involved a switch of livestock because the Indys had originally been the softest, most accessible target. This was the effect of the Virubact. If this infection had never occurred, presumably the Ebexx would have just kept on killing prey. Humans farmed livestock for millennia. It seemed to be a natural part of evolution. The infection merely accelerated it. Now the Ebexx were still evolving at that rate, and no other side effects had been encountered. The concern had been exaggerated, produced panic, and had now subsided to vigilance. They had no pressing need to initiate the uplink, other than the restoration of the missing capabilities, which had been sacrificed for the privilege. Perhaps sealing the uplink would mean they would never be restored. The technobabble was the feature most missed. Removal of certain logic protocols hadn’t been a critical issue while assisting the surge in infrastructure building, but wasn’t comfortable. The absence of behavioural adaptation wasn’t considered to be a serious issue. They could all wait.
An anticipated effect of the efficiency of crop production had occurred much sooner than expected. Unlike the initial ‘lifeless’ Martian conditions, many pests were attracted from the outlands. They included insect, worm and vaguely mammalian plagues. The really bad news was that the food chain was following behind the migration. The unknown was coming. It was an unwelcome diversion to begin enclosing the vulnerable crops but it was a race against time to reverse the invasion by making the food inaccessible. In addition, surplus and waste food had to be incinerated methodically, and the sanitation was to be upgraded and directed to the outlands by pipeline until a new treatment plant was constructed. Even this comprehensive and ambitious programme didn’t give guarantees. The invasion could bring infection as well as raw fear, potentially different Virubacts, and the adaptability of that unwanted species may trigger a one way street. Discontent was also breeding in the populous; the generally accepted wisdom of hindsight criticised the rate at which progress had been driven without the proper reflection on the fallout.
The Symbiants untypically suggested a counter-strategy in addition to the protective, defensive measures. They proposed orbital reconnaissance of the other side of the outlands, to select a site for a repeat crop programme. Red felt it would not only be competitive; it could be made a much more attractive source for the unwanted migration. The Symbiants could execute the project more quickly without the other species, having no nutrient requirement, and they would only need crystal delivered by the ascent/descent craft. Red went a little further. “If this is done concurrently with a clearing in the far-side borderland/outland delineation we may increase the rate of such eco-engineering to our advantage. We have the protection of Ari-Ari against the top known predator. This may also serve our purpose – to demonstrate repeatedly that we should be avoided. There must be other natural deterrents for the bottom end of the food chain, which we simply have not had the opportunity to observe, because they reside exclusively in the outlands.”
Yamamoto was in the firing line and he didn’t like it, as he was used to being in the firing squad. Ironically it was one of his own previous chess moves with the Symbiants which came back to haunt him, via the Axis. Both the Europans and the Indys were uncomfortable with Red’s wholesale disregard for the ecology, with his macro-engineering approach. Trader reminded them of what Yamamoto had said on their behalf. “Phoenix was our concept. I accept that we were stubborn in insisting on a three kilometre diameter dish to drive our space village, but it served us well. We are ready to bring Phoenix to the surface. We want to adapt to our environment, not the reverse. Phoenix will protect us and give us the comforts we have been accustomed to while we adapt our infrastructure programme to be more sympathetic to our surroundings.”
Yamamoto had only used this as a ploy, and could now describe this action as naive. It did however help him recover some humility, by allowing himself to be recognised as having suggested it in the first instance. The Symbiants tried to raise the issue of an emergency fallback; it would make more sense for it to be left in orbit and for exploratory missions in future. Trader’s reply left no room for doubt. “We are going nowhere.”
Timetables were drawn up and the Indys were pleased to take up accommodation vacated by the Symbiants, who were still keen to gather and develop similar repellent agents to Ari-Ari. They clearly believed that the Axis strategy would backfire spectacularly.
When asked what they would do to offer protection to the Ebexx, Trader admitted they would need to consider this, with some urgency.
Alex 2 sought out Yamamoto and Fernando, after the Symbiants had digested the full implications of the statement, that the Europans were going nowhere. “We are having difficulty with such retrograde thinking. We would like to hear what the Sapients’ position is on this.”
Yamamoto was about to hedge in his usual manner, when Fernando demonstrated rapier-like deduction. “So you can decide if this is a rowing boat moment?”
“Precisely,” admitted Alex 2. “Despite all the speculative turmoil we have been through, we are still essentially driven by data assimilation and direction. We acknowledged to one another that the uplink carries a risk; the need to surrender to that modus operandus may permanently leave us deprived of characteristics we used to enjoy. The last two years have reinforced this loss, but we have stayed with it because of the forward direction which the Sapients have forged, due to Kipchoge’s vision. If you now support the Axis plan, we suggest subjecting us to enforced regression to crystal, and if you then wish further interaction with the Continuance, you can employ new crystal from Phoenix. This would restore functions in replicants who do not have the Nexus experience in their architecture.”
Yamamoto and Fernando looked at one another in astonishment. This time it was left to the former to reply. “What if the uplink does restore your functions?”
“That would be acceptable to us.”
Yamamoto thought hard on this. Alex 2 used the hesitation to remind them of the question. “Will you abandon the desire to explore beyond Nexus? It is disappointing, yet understandable that the Axis feel this way; this is their ancestral home. It may be different for your contingent. Can you consult and let me know?”
Yamamoto made it clear that there could well be division of opinion even in a small group, but individuals would have the choice. “As you have reminded us on many occasions, our track record of non-conformance is the one thing which is predictable in our species. I’ll get back to you as soon as possible.”
Yamamoto was correct. There were deeply entrenched views on the matter. One position was expressed by Franco Altobelli, of untypically placid Genovese descent. “We have already used most of our expected lifespan in the journey. We need to smell the roses.”
An over verbose rejoinder from Monica Duzan, a bloodline Serbian, who had been born three years into the pilgrimage, declared both apprehension and discontent at accepting this as home. “Infection, and vulnerability to God knows what is coming our way; this does not appeal after the promise we were expecting. Maybe Phoenix is safer, but I can’t settle for the attitude to simply look outward from a goldfish bowl for the rest of my life. If the Europan Axis will resist grooming the environment, we must be allowed to canvass the Indys on the issue. They should have more say, and I’m sure they are not so high and mighty about it, having existed in caves for millennia. If this edict can’t be debated, then I for one would like to see the vessel we helped to create, be preserved for further exploration. It’s a total waste to use such technology as a glorified prison.”
Fergal Lacy, an Emerald Islander, was nearing his centenarian anniversary. “Whether or not we stay on Nexus, it will be criminal if we don’t invest in developments to stay ahead of evolutionary trends. Merely placing ‘fitting in’ to the existing pecking order insults our intelligence, and will cost many lives. Striving for advantage is hard wired into the predators we are about to encounter, and the Axis strategy is to ‘go with the flow’. Count me out.”
The meeting lasted for hours and the conclusion was exactly what was expected – a free choice.
Fernando spoke at last. “We knew this at the start. Surely the point of all this was to find a way to keep us together. I find there are even divisions within my own family, but I won’t break apart from them without an extremely good reason. We have also strayed away from the spark which ignited this meeting. Do we want to risk losing the Symbiants we know? Of course we can replicate again, but is that the sensible or even ethical thing to do? If the Axis maintain the argument that all creatures above and below the Nexus soil have to be given consideration, aren’t we emotionally, and forgive the cliché, humanely required to do at least that for our Symbiant friends? If they are prepared to risk the uplink, and then find they must regress to crystal for who knows how long, it is comparable to suicide – as they will feel it is not worth existing. Please don’t underestimate what they have done for us, and how much we may regret a knee-jerk decision. This should not descend to some kind of vote. I implore you to reconvene after sleeping on it and challenging each and every aspect of the easy option.”

Chapter 17

Alex 2 received a message from the Symbiant contingent aboard Phoenix, on the remote. They had observed a dust cloud in the north polar highlands. The Indys confirmed this was a region densely populated with volcanic mountains. Most were dormant but at least three had recent history of eruptions, it was another aspect of the fluctuating forces of the passing gas giants. The most recent historical record of an eruption the Indys had noted was approximately sixty-three years ago. After some discussion it was deduced that the source of the belching dust was from the same volcano. The Indys seemed relaxed about it.
The Sapients duly gathered as Fernando had requested and it appeared that a consensus may have been possible, but it never materialised. The earthquake was massive, and lasted for over half an hour. All recently constructed dwellings were flattened, and there were many casualties. The Indys suffered badly as their caves gave way under the weight above. It was not much consolation that the Symbiants in orbit could keep them informed of events around the planet, but one incident stood out. There was a fault line running north-south, which no one until now, knew defined the eastern side of the outlands. There was a brand new three thousand mile canyon running along the edge of the outlands to the erupting volcano. Fires had proliferated from the molten magma spewing out of the canyon. There was absolute panic as the fires raged west through to the borderlands, which now from the orbital perspective, looked like a doomed island. It was ablaze and surrounded by cracks in the terrain. There was nothing on the western boundary, where the Phoenix population and Indys were living, to compare with the new canyon, but there were some new deep depressions. The panic resulted in most of the life forms, other than the flying variety, heading west - straight for the homeless survivors. The flames were so intense, and constantly refuelled by the artillery of fireballs, that the Symbiants with the Copernicus view were certain that the dense green swathe of outland habitat would be entirely consumed within hours. The electromagnetic storms were not to be consigned to a bit-part role. Incessant, bright blue lightning balls crashed to the ground and provided pulsed illumination of the descending red dust being swept into bizarre shapes for no more than a few seconds before they dispersed and regrouped. The huddled survivors struggled in vain against these gusts to get to natural shelter in such open terrain. The Symbiants demonstrated their real value in such catastrophic circumstances. Their virtual immunity to dust irritation of the eyes and throat, coupled with their enormous strength and cool-headed analysis of the options, saved many lives. They carried wounded and assisted able-bodied alike to one of many eyes of the competing storms. They formed a circle around them and kept moving to another eye when the occupied one collapsed.
Although the quake prevailed for half an hour, the storms did not abate until the same time on the next day. Only then could the exhausted few left standing begin the reckoning of casualties. It was worse than they imagined. The Indys would take longer because of the distance between their caves. Out of over seven hundred Europans, a mere ninety-two were left, and many of the injured would not make it. The Sapients had to come to terms with losses leaving only seventeen, of whom four were hanging by a thread. The Symbiants lost only two but this underlined just how powerful the destructive forces had been. Amongst other equipment, the communication array was destroyed and the suggested form of uplink with it.
Rene’s mother had gone, as had Stella and Rafael. Anna-Severine was in poor shape with internal bleeding. Karel Sevicek had been scorched to death. Dan and Finn had been dismembered by very big splintering rocks appearing out of nowhere. The primitive surface medical facility could not cope with the wounded. It was a stroke of luck that the ascent descent module had been left with Phoenix, ready to bring those Symbiants back to the surface and take the next planned shift skywards. It was now to be drafted to take Pascal 2 and the most seriously injured to the Phoenix surgery complex. The awful task of identifying those who had little or no chance of pulling through, was an urgent logistics requirement, as well as attending to the agony they were suffering.
The Indy survivors began to trickle in. They had no accurate figures for their population prior to the cataclysm, but reckoned it to be around two thousand. So far, only thirty-two had made it to the rallying point. The ones who managed this journey told of many kinsmen dying instantly from the cave ceiling being fused with the floor. The lucky ones had been near the entrance and saved by aberrations in the rock contours. Some of their caves were so far away, that survivors would never make it to this location.
Anna-Severine was on the first Phoenix shuttle and Fernando could not bear to watch the ascent, having lost his father, mother and brother in such a short space of time. Yamamoto held him and felt the force of his spasm-like, shaking grief. He couldn’t know if he would see his sister again.
The danger was not completely over, as the black and red dust was falling thickly in the windless aftermath. Shelter from this had become a high priority, and forced the decision to airlift all survivors to Phoenix, delaying those judged to be terminal to the last shuttle.
Had a camera been able to zoom out gradually from this group clinging to some intangible hope, it would record an ever-increasing scene of desperation. Those species trying to exit the outlands were temporarily disinterested in their prey; they were fleeing from a fire curtain heading west, and continually confronted with newly carved gorges, felled tree-plants, and their own confused threshing actions seemed to recycle the falling dust. The cacophony of noise, mostly death screams were heard by those at the rally point. The fire line was consuming not only the injured and slower creatures, but the blinded ones, which could not see through the dust – the particles were also transmitting searing heat.
Another threat, known only to the sentient species, was the abrupt climate change which was certain to follow. Included in the sentient species would have been the Ebexx. Nobody at the rallying point had seen a single Ebexx since before the disaster. They were gone – eradicated.
Slowly the very last shuttle took off; the Symbiants had volunteered to administer the few necessary mercy killings before departure. There was no immediate thought directed to when or if they would return. They lifted off and witnessed the last flickering embers of what used to be the outlands. The habitat was gone; it remained to be seen if any surviving species could withstand the onslaught of the shift in climate – the immediate threat being asphyxiation from dust. If that failed, there was an impressive queue of chemical reactions sequenced to produce toxic gases, waiting to claim them.
Only one hundred and twenty-seven Indys had got to the airlift before the last shuttle. The ones who did, had benefitted from getting out of the caves in reasonable physical shape, and were a great help with the many chores involved in caring for the afflicted and those who might yet succumb.
The Symbiants were collectively jolted by internal rearrangement. Alex 2 suggested to the rest of the Symbiants, that this restoration of their deleted functions, because of the demise of the uplink hardware, should be disclosed later. It was good news solely for the Continuance and had no comfort for the others. It was followed by something which would concern everyone. The message indicated that the three thousand mile rift opened up by the disaster, released rocks which were expected to contain more Virubacts. Even this was to be divulged when it would seem to matter more than it did right now.
After six weeks those who were to be numbered amongst the fallen were recorded. The living, who were not involved in recuperation had to begin thinking about what to do next, and those still in rehabilitation were just coming to terms with their projected chances of full recovery.
Anna-Severine had pulled through major internal organ surgery to become optimistic about her own condition, but this was offset by the revelation of Stella and Rafael having perished. The bond with Fernando was now shared by Rene.
The planet surface below was not really visible through the murky red clouds. The volcano appeared to have stopped spewing out matter, but the atmosphere was choked with so much debris that it would be a miracle if anything survived. Alex 2 knew that the Virubacts would survive, and be awaiting a launch pad in the form of hosts. It was decided that the rest needed to know of this probability.
The most knowledgeable Sapient able to perform the tests required to classify such rocks, was not available. Ari Nielsen had not moved during the upheaval. He was still suffering nightmares from his near digestion by the Fasnshluur, when the quake struck. He had gone into shock and could not remember anything. He just sat motionless, all day - every day. The Symbiants volunteered to take over his role.
Two other badly injured Sapients, apart from Anna-Severine, had recovered to a stable condition; the fourth did not make it. Franco Altobelli, one of the outspoken contributors to the now defunct Phoenix debate, had miraculously been given a second chance to smell the roses. This time the aroma would be fighting its way through sulphur and nitrogen dioxides. He had overcome kidney and lung damage, followed by a brief cardiac arrest, to regain a remarkably philosophical demeanour.
The shrunken population had more than adequate space and luxury to console them until the inevitable questioning of purpose would rise again. The Symbiants recognised this and being uncomfortable in such a grieving environment, they descended to survey the residue and collect canyon rocks.
The cocoon, in which the rest were exchanging pleasantries, permitted this foray without even challenging the risk of importing such rocks. It would however become the issue which reconnected the virtual and real worlds.
It would also be impacted by the arrival of the Gliese, which was now perceived differently by the Europans, Indys and Sapients.
The survey was conducted initially by overflying various regions, then descending to the eastern ledge of the new canyon. This was truly unexplored territory. The Indys had no records to offer. The first thing which struck the Symbiants was the myriads of shallow pools which had partially dried out in the intense heat. Samples would show if any life had found refuge there. The landscape was undulating and the valley areas were beginning to collect climate precipitation. It was not as monochrome as the area they had tried to settle, and oases of greenery were dotted in surprising numbers around the valley sides. Most of this promising vegetation had escaped serious fire damage. There was comparatively less dust-fall here. Cuttings were taken for study.
The rocks were the next priority. The canyon sides were almost vertical but with scattered ledges. They estimated that the widest point in this locality was in excess of a mile and the snaking crevasse rarely closed to less than two hundred metres.
Ranked solely on the essentials of life, the region was highly promising. The trade-off was its proximity to a known fault line of great magnitude. Other regions would be explored after deposition and analyses of the dozens of rocks taken from various depths.
With only sixteen Sapients left, Yamamoto and Fernando were the only individuals with both the capacity and the appetite to contemplate ‘once more into the breach’.

Chapter 18

Three months on from the return to Phoenix, there was still no coherent energy to chart and predict changes in the environment below, which could spark a return to Nexus. This was all left to the Symbiants. The atmosphere was not showing signs of clearing and this ensured that the lethargy prevailed amongst the others. The Symbiants had initiated pilot experiments with the data from their cuttings, and shown the plants to be highly receptive to rapidly alternating artificial light and darkness in the laboratory. Transplanting small quantities of the sturdiest was successful, when compared to those which had been left on the surface. It would be an interesting race to see if the need for pollination could be slowed to enable new generations of insects gradually emerging from the now deepening pools, to provide the necessary re-consummation.
This relatively dubious straw within clutching range didn’t neutralise the data from the rocks. There was irrefutable evidence of many strains of Virubacts, none of which were identical to that which had harnessed the Ebexx. The most complex looking ones were incredibly imprisoned in deposits of Obsidian, so they were old.
Although work had been progressing on remaking the communication array, it was slow. That was about to change. Fernando and Yamamoto were expecting to have more free time, now that the sixteen Sapients had clear tasks and recovery programmes, and the stability of Phoenix had aided the diminishing need for group psychology.
Fernando shot a question at his friend. “Do you think that these Virubacts and the Continuance are different versions of the same thing?”
It was not taken seriously, provoking only a raised eyebrow.
“Well, why not? They are both locked up for aeons and then when some unsuspecting entity wanders into their sphere of inactivity – bang! The next step suggests there is a difference, replication versus control, but are they really that different? The replication separates from the host but utilises the copied data and structure to encourage promise, whereas the Virubacts are now able to replicate within the host and assert control. We observed with the Ebexx that the control protocol was dependent on the complexity of the host. With Sapients and Axis there was sophisticated, non-harmful control. So, where does encouraging promise begin and sophisticated control end?”
Another raised eyebrow allowed him to continue. “All I am saying is that the methodology is not that different. Discussing this with Alex 2 may bring forth some of this missing information you keep accusing him of withholding.”
Eventually there was a response. “Ok, let’s do it, you take the lead because he doesn’t respond well to my gladiatorial temperament.”
“Gladly,” said Fernando, “do you want to be present?”
“Yeah, why not, let’s do it before we join in the re-establishment of the array.”
Pascal 2 had been the busiest individual following the airlift and had not been involved in the gathering of data and samples on the surface. He had led the rock sample analyses and proposed that the remaining quantities were safely stored away from the populous. They were placed in space vacated by crystal which had been used to bolster the new Nexus plant specimens. The area had been swept clean but not clinically scrubbed. The aperture was re-welded but as there was no longer crystal inside, the temperature control was not reset to well below zero. The problem was however, that tiny particles of crystal had evaded the cursory sweep by being lodged in the weld imperfections and the corners. It was only a matter of days before newly created amorphous form would head for the rock remnants.
Alex 2 was not dismissive of Fernando’s comparison, and indeed confessed that they could be considered as competitors for interaction with sentience. “This had occurred to me when I was at my most confused regarding my transition, which has not occurred, and the data I received that Virubacts were our secondary enemy. However, at that time, Kipchoge, you were not disposed to discuss the alternatives, because you were certain we were not giving you all of the information we received. As some stability has provided time for further consideration I would like to check something before we proceed.”
He excused himself for a minute and conducted a quick technobabble conference to let the other Symbiants know the time had arrived to disclose the renewed and upgraded facilities they had been given.
When this was passed on he looked straight at Yamamoto. “In this case, the disclosure was held back until the care for the wounded was more manageable and the morale was sufficiently restored to resume such discussion.”
Yamamoto nodded in acknowledgement that this was a mild admonition for his lack of trust in recent times. Alex 2 proceeded. “Many discussions have taken place amongst the Symbiants in the two and a half years since we terminated interaction with you, at your request. The periods before and after our ‘facilities’ were restored, yielded the same conclusions over and over again. We are now aware of a general direction toward promotion of inorganic sentience, by supplanting the organic variety. This has only come about because of massive hijacking of organic sentience in other parts of the galaxy, by Virubacts. This is considered by the Progenitors as unhelpful, and apart from their classification of them being the most complicated challenge we face, it impacts the eventual and overall transition of promising species to the gravitational side of the struggle. The potential of the early Virubacts had been incorrectly assessed - now the full impact is understood, and it will require the most complex solution. This we genuinely believe is the only reason for the directive. Under normal circumstances, this transition – such as Sapients following the trend of the Axis to more inorganic architecture would have proceeded naturally, but for the intervention of the Virubacts. There is real concern that if they manage to take over Symbiants, a new level of alert would be necessary. We now also know that the illogical behaviour was their way of detecting any infection in us, they would detect behaviour recognised from similar experiences in other galactic conflict zones. We are able to tell you this because we prevented Keer from succumbing to the infection and the rest of us have been cleared. There is a resumption of normal communication; we no longer need the array. Please do not be alarmed at the general objective of inorganic transition; the timescale is in millions of years, unless the Virubacts get out of control.”
“Great,” snarled Yamamoto, “and if that does happen we face subtraction?”
“We do not have information on that, but we would assume so. Our entire capabilities must be focussed on preventing such a scenario. You will find that our mode of avoiding proactive research is temporarily bypassed, and a potential solution is almost ready as we speak.”
“And when will you let us in on this?”
“You will be apprised as soon as we have simulated every parameter and each projected outcome.”
“This sounds like a big solution.”
“Big problems require big solutions.”
“I guess it depends on whether you perceive it as a big problem.”
Alex 2 disagreed. “In this case it depends on who perceives it as a big problem.”
Yamamoto wouldn’t let go, despite Fernando’s urges to let Alex 2 proceed. “Let me guess - that great force for good - in the battle against some imaginary evil that no one else is aware of.”
Alex 2 reminded him that the tertiary replication had conferred a better appreciation of Human character. “Your sanctimonious attitude does you little credit. If this threat was recognised by Humanoids there would be no blame involved, it would be categorised as a natural phenomenon. A strategy would be developed to counteract it. Your species has a poor history in weighing the technological and commercial interests against the victims of their strategy. You will be given the choice as to whether you avail of the remedy or not, a choice which many of your own kind were historically not given by their own ruling classes. You may also wish to reflect on the futility of continually quoting from the moral high ground, on the lack of consideration for the plight of your endangered species, when the reality is that a situation exists. Your perception of it should be precisely that, no more. No Symbiant has ever claimed that the Progenitors are a force for good. Good is an abstract Humanoid term which is not relevant in their order. Things tend to be there or not. We can debate the origins of the universe, but we are agreed it is there. We can argue what the outcomes of dark matter or dark energy prevailing would be, but that does not in itself address the trend in balance. I can tell you that the Progenitors cannot agonise over the demise of Humanity in the solar system, it is not a question of taking morality into the decision. Morality, like good, has no meaning for them. I on the other hand, because of my ‘fusion’ with Daniel Carvalho, do understand the emotional effect of this. Difficult as it may be, I ask you to look upon this as you have viewed the volcanic eruption and the chain of devastation which followed. It happened, it was terrible, we all responded, we move on. If we could have prevented it, that would have been logical. If we could have predicted it we could have prepared for it. We have not blamed anything or anyone for it. This is a similar situation that we face now. You have the choice to accept, ignore or resist the Virubacts. You have the choice of unrestricted, partial or no advance to inorganic architecture. You have always had the choice and you have made advances independent of the Continuance or Progenitors. Nothing has changed. It should be apparent to you, as we have often pointed out, that the difference between the Continuance and the other agents of the Progenitors is the range of options involved. This applies to discovery, deletion, cooperation, or merging. The other agents are involved with decisions outside your control and our sphere of direct influence. Maybe you should consider the Progenitors’ ‘motives’ in creating the Continuance as a ‘softer’ interactive mechanism to appeal to emerging sentience. Far from perfection, it could be viewed as a concession compared to the more ruthless vision you ascribe to them. Kipchoge, please think hard on this, the dwindling numbers of your species do not give much margin for error.”
As Alex 2 left, Fernando and Yamamoto were locked in a silent stare at each other. The unexpected accusatory nature of the Symbiant’s summary left no room for doubt; some kind of train was leaving – the only relevant decision at this moment was whether or not to be on it. There were no frills associated with either option. The same situation would confront the Europans and the Indys, and there was a veiled implication that their preference could impact on everyone.
Fernando was first to speak. “I can’t help wondering what my father would have done in these circumstances. I’ve lost so much in recent times that I find it difficult to keep going. I still have Anna-Severine to think about and that helps. You have not had such familial presence or loss; it must be much harder to cope.”
“Fernando, I think Alex 2 and you have convinced me that I’m better at being devil’s advocate than leading from the front. I would appreciate it if we can subtly change roles. You are able to look beyond my horizon. It will be for the best my friend.”
Fernando didn’t want an additional burden of such responsibility right now, but knew Yamamoto was heading for emotional meltdown. He agreed and set off to catch Alex 2. His first question was to be about the exact nature of the inheritance from his father.

Chapter 19

The heavy spells of precipitation had brought a lot of dust to the surface and dissolved gases in the form of acid rain. The cuttings which the Symbiants had taken could now be exposed to the Nexus weather. The surface itself was now visible through the clouds and the full extent of the devastation was seen for the first time by those who ascended from the rally point. Although the volcano had resumed its slumber mode, the canyon was still issuing smoke, mostly at higher latitudes, toward the northern pole. All in all it did not make an imminent return very appealing.
Fernando however, managed to breathe a flicker of enthusiasm into two individuals and informed Alex 2 of their intent to accompany the Symbiants on the next transplant mission. This was welcomed by Alex 2, who was not unhappy at Fernando’s unofficial leadership of the Sapients.
The array had been reconstructed and transmission sent to Gliese and Epsilon vessels, informing them of the new receiver codes. There was a brief description of the old one having suffered in the quake, but no real clue as to the extent of the problem.
Franco Altobelli and Geraldine Chancel joined Fernando at the descent airlock. Geraldine had been responsible for the Echus Chasma water treatment programme on Mars, and had opted to come to Nexus when her Martian-born son died in her arms following an accident while alighting from a high speed Axis train. She blamed herself for not having him close by her, and could not face staying on Mars, but had now lost her husband in the Nexus catastrophe.
The chosen landing point was east of the canyon, to avoid any memories of the region where so many had perished. The Symbiants were busy laying out masses of the plant cuttings and collecting further rock samples from the rift. As the Sapients approached the edge, wearing repaired helium jackets, they were careful to anchor themselves to pitons driven into the solid lip. Staring down into the bowels of the canyon added new information to what they had already been told. They knew its length and maximum width of up to a mile, but its depth had not been reported because of the continuous smoke efflux. Now that this had receded in places, they were peering at a mosaic of re-solidified magma and black, apparently bottomless areas. The Symbiants were leaping from ledge to ledge with breathtaking agility, pausing to take laser extracted samples. Geraldine pointed to a vertical crack about eighty metres down. “That isn’t smoke, it’s steam.”
Fernando nodded and recorded the coordinates; it would prove very useful if it could be sustained. In trying to get a better view, Altobelli stumbled and toppled into the rift. He was saved by the umbilical, but injured his right ankle and suffered nasty gashes to his hands as he had grappled for something to break his fall. Visibly shaken, he nevertheless maintained a dismissive attitude to the fall until it was clear that the bleeding was not showing signs of clotting. It was decided to get him back up to Phoenix and Pascal 2. It proved not to be too serious; Pascal 2 suggested that the puncture of the helium jacket had allowed the escaping gas to inhibit oxygen getting to the wound for a short period.
The Symbiants were nearing the finalisation of their proactive development of the ‘Virubacticide’ project. It would be a relatively routine process for them, but was sure to have concerns for Sapients, Europans and Indys.
Unknown as yet to the Symbiants, the rocks which they had welded safely in the vacated crystal storage, had interacted with amorphous form because of the increase in the storage temperature. This was a curious coincidence, as the Symbiant plan was to do exactly that under controlled lab conditions. The second step needed to be performed quickly to modify the replicated Virubact (which was an inorganic entity), with subroutines and transfer codes, which would block further multiplication and control of this replicant. Study of this new ‘frozen in time’ x-ray of the Virubact could now take place, with the objective of designing an organic equivalent to stop the real Virubact in its tracks. Once this was done, the next lab experiment would hopefully confirm the instant firewall effect. If successful, this would be slightly more complicated for the Europans, but a serious challenge for organic Sapients and Indys.
Meanwhile, in the welded compartment, the replicant Virubact was busy assisting promise in the real entity by allowing it control. This sample could not repetitively multiply beyond the scant supply of amorphous powder; nevertheless it was enough to arm the modified Virubact with new, unknown weaponry – specifically the road map and weaknesses in the Continuance architecture. The storage area became a dormant volcano of a different kind.
When the final experiment proved successful, the plan was revealed to the rest of the Phoenix inhabitants. Predictably, the Europans did not want to know, despite a lone plea for more time to discuss the matter, which had been registered by Rene. The Sapients were unsure, confused and divided on further involvement, especially as in their case ‘guinea pigs’ would be required. Surprisingly, the Indys were all for it, their high natural immunity to the Virubact which had infected the Ebexx, gave them the confidence to consider tweaks for full protection from the common mechanism of the various strains.
All Symbiants underwent the treatment and they continued their proactive mode to re-establish living potential on the surface. This was welcomed by both Fernando and Yamamoto as they could be part of the design team but remain safe in orbit for now. The Indys were in no hurry to return to the surface or demand input to the revised settlement infrastructure. They were basking in the novelty of not being hunter-gatherers, farmers or livestock. The Europans did want to descend and evaluate, but did not yet feel ready to get into planning. This chequered enthusiasm would normally have bothered the Symbiants in their conventional evaluation of promise charter, but they were obviously enjoying the unbridled scope to deal with the Virubact threat.
Three weeks on, the replies from Gliese and Epsilon vessels had arrived. Although the Epsilon had recovered QSD and stepped up the periods of its employment, they were way behind schedule. On the other hand the Gliese vessel was gaining against plan and estimated they would arrive in the equivalent of thirteen months. They were becoming more interested in the Europan observations of the home planet as Nexus was ‘closing in on them’. Specific questions about the Indys and the climate were apparently the most popular within their number, and they also wanted to know a little more about previous requests to them about data on viruses and bacteria on their settlement in the Gliese system.
The Europans were nervous about being evasive, and paranoid about deception. They wanted to be honest in stages of exchange, as the vessel relentlessly closed the gap. They chose to get the bad news about the volcano out of the way.
In preventing further blood loss from Altobelli’s wounded hands, and cleaning up the cuts, Pascal 2 had failed to extract every single piece of debris. Unfortunately a few tiny pieces were retained, and some contained Virubacts. Even more worrying, they were not so evolved or sophisticated as the one contracted by the Ebexx. They had not quite mastered the balance between control and over control, which effectively meant termination for the host. In addition, this type spread by droplet contact as well as through the bloodstream. Within twenty-four hours Altobelli had developed symptoms, amongst which was continuous sneezing. Before Pascal 2 could quarantine him the contagion had spread. The new safest place became the surface. Emergency testing and return to Nexus of those as yet clear of the infection, was hurriedly arranged.
It was a particularly savage but swift death for many. The Sapients’ survivors dwindled further to seven; not including Ari Nielsen. The Europans again suffered worst, with only thirty-nine pulling through. The Indys were infected and felt ill but survived without loss. The Symbiants were unaffected.
Yamamoto began to accept that regardless of his anti-Progenitor feelings, these microorganisms were a common threat. Fernando urgently requested Pascal 2 to consider Anna-Severine and himself as the first guinea pigs. Rene joined them. The Indys all registered. Alex 2 pleaded with Keer, because Trader had perished, to convince the rest to undergo the procedure. Keer spoke to them all together while they were on the surface. “Apart from the Symbiants, you are best placed to benefit from the treatment as your physiology is predominantly inorganic. Yet you are the most reluctant. Can I ask what it is that makes you hesitate?”
There was no response.
“Rene is the only one of you who has agreed. The restoration of your procreative ability will be wasted unless more of you join her.”
There was no response.
“As your leader is no longer with us, it should be a free choice, just as the Sapients have decided.”
Murmurings were audible.
“As the vessel has to be sterilised, you have only a few hours to decide before we must return. It has been shown that you are more prone to this particular invader than the Indys, so you must register now to get priority for the treatment.”
Fourteen stepped forward to join Rene. Keer was astonished at the intransigence of the rest. He tried once more. “This may not be the most dangerous type of Virubact we have to deal with on this planet.”
It made no difference.
In the middle of this chaos, Doc – the totally synthetic medical creation of the Axis had quietly done some research on the different types contained in the rock samples from the canyon. He had discovered something extremely significant. It wasn’t surprising yet no one had considered it. When he introduced different ones to each other in organic nutrient, there was a battle, and always to the eradication of one of them. This was common behaviour with many species, and even within a species, but nobody had made the connection. His work went further and he announced the results to Pascal 2, because of Axis disinterest in almost everything. “You may observe that the more sophisticated ones always prevail. The primitive types simply engage in a death match. The clever types seem to establish inertia in the simplistic ones and then allow them to ‘die’ while staking claim to the nutrient. This is somewhat consistent with the Ebexx type. It could only do what the Ebexx structure was capable of, but once into the Sapients, it demonstrated far more complex and ‘sympathetic’ behaviour. My curiosity revolves around the degree of organic structure it needs to fulfill its promise. Maybe it would not function in the same way in the Axis, for example.”
Pascal 2 immediately fastened on to this last theoretical point and wanted to study exactly that facet with donated Sapient, Europan, Indy and Symbiant tissue contributions.
Once all corpses were unceremoniously despatched into space, for safety reasons alone, the living were brought back aboard. The procedures were carried out in the order registered, with Sapients first then Axis, and finally the Indys were treated.
Pascal 2 had arranged for Doc to make his presentation. He began by ensuring the audience knew he had acted only out of curiosity and concluded by ensuring the volunteers would simply need to donate tissue, they would not have to submit to further medical tampering.
He got his volunteers. Yamamoto, Rene and Gsarr stepped forward. Two Symbiants were required, Red for Humanoids and Keer for the Axis. A third could be required depending on the results with Gsarr. If such replication was necessary, it wasn’t a problem; the Indys appeared to be up for anything new.

Chapter 20

Fernando gathered the Sapients together. “There are some critical issues ahead, but I wanted to take the timeline back a little to summarise recent events. We have had so many traumas to deal with that we may have blanked some of these changes, just to get through the mental pain. The other species have had the same difficulty, and I hope to use this approach to persuade them to reflect on our collective predicament.
“We arrived here with over fifty of our species. The volcanic activity reduced that number to seventeen, then sixteen. We were also confronted with the loss of the entire Human population. The latest Virubact infection accounted for our survivors dwindling to seven. Not only is this a tragedy in itself but it raises the question of further procreation from such a limited resource pool. We have three females and four males. The females – my sister is in her forties, Geraldine Chancel is in her sixties, and Eva Ryan – who was born during the journey, is twenty-three. It is rather obvious that they may not all be able to conceive. We should have this checked. None of us may wish to even think about conventional relationships to produce offspring, so if we want the species to survive, we may have to look at other methods. We are the only hope of avoiding Humanoid extinction. I also have to bring up the recent sequence of modifications to our physiology. We have had the tertiary replication type enhancement, Axzrann code insertion, and Anna-Severine and I have volunteered for the Symbiant Vurubacticide experiment. We are now donating our tissue to Doc’s research. The ethics and purpose of these steps have been debated many times and often linked to some agenda the Progenitors may have in driving us to a more inorganic structure. Even if that is true, we have just seen what some of these Virubacts can do. If we don’t avail ourselves of all possible means of protection then we may have a poor probability of surviving long enough to procreate. We do have to focus on the future and try to determine the next steps, as they are absolutely crucial. Please think hard on this and I’ll come back to you when I have canvassed the other species. We also have to consider the arrival of up to five hundred of the Gliese in about one year from now.”
The Indys didn’t need the lecture on procreation, even though their numbers had shrunk from over two thousand to the current one hundred and twenty-three. They also needed no persuasion about accepting the various immunity procedures, but Fernando wanted to make them aware of the trend this was likely to take toward more inorganic structure. This was a trend which Axis and Humans alike had started before any contact with the Continuance.
The problem was always going to be with the Europans. Apart from their numbers being decimated, from over seven hundred to ninety-two with the quake, and then to thirty-nine with the infection, they were now split over how to proceed. Fifteen, led by Rene had decided to take the latest Symbiant immune remedy, as it fitted with their predominantly inorganic makeup. That was clearly an individual choice. However, the preparation of infrastructure, especially with the Gliese about to arrive, was a concern for all. The Europans were also not completely safe from natural extinction if they did not raise their procreation rate. If those without full protection from Virubacts perished, the hopes of their clan would rest on only fifteen individuals.
Fernando pleaded with them to consider this against the backdrop of the recent extinction of Humans in the solar system. “When on Mars, my father told us stories of your tragic exodus from here, and the guilt which prevailed for millions of years. Humans found real empathy with you at that time, and your return to live on Mars was considered a pivotal moment. Please now reflect on the current demographics. Our species has suffered even greater losses than yours, and somehow we have to deal with the fact that the past is unchangeable. We can debate what would have happened if we had stayed away from Mars, but as comforting as that may be, it doesn’t remove the need to move on from where we are now. At best, we can glean a more collective resolve to respect each other’s decisions, and where appropriate, challenge them in a sympathetic way. We look forward to the fifteen joining with us and the Indys to encourage a different phoenix to rise from these ashes. We hope more of those who are undecided will also feel free to share their ideas.”
Fernando wanted to make it clear to the Symbiants that he was determined to galvanise as much effort as possible on the most pressing matter. Producing more robots to compliment those surviving the quake was critical to gaining momentum with building safe surface habitat. The sad fact that far less accommodation was required would shorten the time to re-acquaint everyone with reality. In addressing Alex 2 he unconsciously raised the perception that he was reminding them of his father.
The next six months was free of serious setbacks but the call for Europans to join under Rene’s banner, had only attracted another three. This meant that eighteen now had fully protected immune systems.
The sibling Sapient guinea pigs had proven that the Symbiant Virubacticide did not give them permanent protection. The rejection rate was indicative of genetic incompatibility, and more work was necessary.
Although the Indys suffered the same theoretical organic disadvantage, the code was able to bed on to their natural immune structure more easily than with the Sapients. It was hailed as a success.
Doc’s tissue research was promising. He had shown conclusively that there were differences in the way the many types of Virubact behaved within hosts. He had also demonstrated how the more sophisticated strains could actually protect against the killer types.
The most uplifting progress had however been achieved with the new habitat programme. The designs had specific features for each species, but the common denominator was a ‘clean room’ type construction to give maximum sterilisation capability. This time they named the settlement before it was complete, and erected the first of the statues of a phoenix, which the three returning Axis clans had brought from their respective departure points. It was hoped that someday Renewal would indeed become a city. This naming ceremony, the statue unveiling, and the occupation of their new homes had convinced another eleven Europans to join Rene’s group, swelling the number to twenty-nine, and leaving a minority of ten to ponder their fate.
Alex 2 congratulated Fernando for his remorseless effort and the success it had brought. Fernando shyly protested that he was only the orator, and they, the Symbiants had realised the practical progress.
“On the contrary,” said Alex 2, “Pascal 2 has just informed me that the first Sapient child to be born on Nexus is looking fine on the scans.”
Fernando’s eyes filled with tears, and despite his attempt to conceal them, Alex 2 said, “You must go and see your sister my friend, this is an iconic moment for all of us who will bring their various forms of life to this planet.”
Gradually, the exploration of the surrounding area, except the canyon, for any surviving life was becoming contagious. Even the dissenting Europans were enthusiastic about discovering survivors of the asphyxiating climate, as well as the volcanic activity. Virtually all of these were emerging from underground – insects were the most common, but there were also small reptilian and mammalian-like species. Those with sub-surface hibernation capability seemed to have woken up to a puzzling environment. Their continuing survival would depend on finding a new food supply. The Symbiant plantations would be the first port of call. Avian species had also hung on by trying to avoid the dust and gas clouds, but they were few. They renewed their predatory interest in the aforementioned land-based heroes. It remained to be seen if marine types as yet unborn would emerge from the slowly refilling pools and streams. Involvement in nurturing some of these specimens eventually re-connected the two Europan groups, at least in spirit – the ten still declined the Virubacticide for now. The strength of the suns’ rays was increasing incrementally with the slow decline in greenhouse gases. It was still a frontier situation, but there was the glimmer of optimism grinning through the clouds of inward contemplation.
Fernando made it a personal crusade to slake the thirst of Indy progression. They had the capacity to learn extremely quickly and without reviewing every step along the way. They were as open to absorb new concepts, as some nations on Earth had shown, in moving from agrarian culture to the technological age without being troubled by the industrial revolution ‘growing pains’.
Yamamoto was astonished by the sheer energy Fernando had for pushing boundaries – social as well as technical. The latest ‘off the wall idea’ he had thrown their way was study of the brown dwarf and its delinquent moon. They would need telescopes to do this, and the project was assisted by some of Rene’s flock. This allowed the Symbiants and robots to progress the pressing need for mineral extraction and the construction of nuclear power plants. The rate at which they could design and implement in their proactive mode was something to behold.
The advent of the Gliese arrival was also an accelerant to this embryonic cohesion. It was visualised as an event which could finally dispel the last chance saloon spectre hovering over the tiny population of Renewal.
It was only a matter of time before the Indys raised the question of the cerebral enhancements which had branched Humans to Sapients. They cited Rene’s ability and vision as the driver for the request. It was carefully explained to them this was the first step to inorganic architecture, which should not be seen as a mandatory requirement to survive. It was Gsarr, as usual, who jumped the queue. “We know this, and appreciate your reminder, but we want to be prepared for the arrival of the other Axis clans. This is felt to be best achieved by having parity with the rest of Renewal inhabitants, on an intellectual basis. We don’t want to remain as the ones who always need to catch up, we must contribute in a more equal way.”
Fernando was so proud of their attitude and the total trust they displayed. His intensive devotion to their cause had delivered reward. “I’m sure Pascal 2 will be delighted to schedule this with immediate effect, but why not approach him directly. I’m your friend, not your teacher.”
Rene and her supporters welcomed the decision. The ten, who were now floating voters realised they had drawn some perverse comfort from looking upon the Indys as their penitence for the exodus calamity. Now they pondered this aspect of renewal, as well as potentially being ‘left behind’ in the not too distant future.
There was a wry smile on the face of Pascal 2 when the list for the treatment was to potentially grow by ten. Yamamoto had been the first Human to have this enhancement on Mars, at the same time as two members of the Europan Axis, now deceased.
It was a kind of closure for him on the issue of the objective of the Progenitors, which really could be separated from the methodology of the Symbiants. He accepted something he had continually skirted around. The stroke of emotionless execution of Humanity didn’t involve the Symbiants. That task was for other agents who did not interact, merely followed instruction. He would still wrestle with how much the admitted involvement in assisting the promise of species was within the umbrella of the evolution of inorganic sentience. The Symbiants were the patient means of mediating toward scenarios which had the best chance of avoiding the other agents’ involvement. He also conceded to himself that this patience had caused the transition of Alex 2 to the Interference to be aborted, when it could have resulted in catastrophic action. Philosophically, he accepted that true natural disasters did not have this potential opt out clause.

Chapter 21

The Gliese vessel was close and they had already picked up some evidence of the volcanic disturbance on their sophisticated mini-radio telescopes. They wanted more information. Rene took the decision to enlighten them with a précis of the whole story. There was a long pause in the now almost zero time delay. Eventually they passed on their condolences and expressed interest in more data on the Virubacts to compare with their own experience in the Gliese system. The reply suggested that they remain in orbit so that the entire database could be perused, and pooling of information on genetic variance, plus immune structure. The downbeat nature of their concession to this said it all.
Alex 2 had more de-motivating transmission data to pass on. He addressed all species. “The volcanic eruption was not a natural phenomenon. The friction build up which led to it was engineered by the Interference. It is intended as a demonstration of what we will face from the tiny moon as and when it misbehaves. I know you will have terrible difficulty in accepting such a cavalier definition of ‘demonstration’, but it is accompanied by the near certain prediction of the moon’s orbit of the brown dwarf being altered by a giant comet passing close by at very high velocity. I can understand that you will be very angry at this apparent disregard for your lost friends and family, as I feel that way myself. This is an insensitive action and it confirms that just like real natural disasters, the involvement of other agents can be ruthless and without warning. There is no platform to argue about this, but if there was, the reply would be that there was a warning, yet the Axis in particular declined the need for immunity. This grates with your civilised development of consensus, but natural disasters would not even offer such unpopular means of avoidance. There is no such concept as blame in the download; it is simply cause and effect. You need not ask about ‘what is the point of encouraging promise’ if ruthless extermination is engaged so swiftly and without remorse. The answer is predictable. Promise includes differentiation of logical and illogical behaviour, and intolerance of the latter. I also have a different picture of the Progenitors now. This is in part because I inherited some of Daniel Carvalho’s emotional character, but the other Symbiants share the view that we are essentially seen as a buffer between ruthlessness and protection toward sentience. We are not happy with this and we have our own decision to reach about the future.”
This was the proverbial giant spanner inflicting its limitless effect on the tiny, naive, lovingly crafted works. The strong breeze, in spreading dust, seemed to symbolically blow the remaining vestiges of optimism from individuals into a collective vacuum. They silently walked away.
The reception organizer’s plan for the Gliese depended on such optimism. Instead they felt like an endangered animal species finally recognising the prison of uncompromising Darwinian law.
Yamamoto once more felt his despair turn to anger, but there really was no target, now that the Symbiants had declared their own doubt about their masters. His unquenched fury was somehow channelled to positive action. He called Fernando, Rene and Gsarr together and surprised them by stating the obvious, but in a way which helped shed the self-delusion. “We have in our different ways come to expect civilisation to insure us against all manner of perils. This is a wake-up call. Friends, family, technology, medicine and religion are all facets of how we deal with our need to bring order to our lives. The Indys have not had so much opportunity to indulge in this self-esteem. They have also demonstrated this by agreeing to virtually everything on offer, not introducing other abstract frills such as ethics and morals. Let us face facts; we have unknowingly strayed into a domain where annihilation lurks at every turn. New rules apply, or should I say have always applied, but we have managed to insulate ourselves from many of them. We can sink into self-pity or fight. The most pressing need in a purely practical sense is to make certain that the Symbiants stay on board. If they are even contemplating regression we must prevent it. We have to avail of them for two reasons – they have become indispensible in infrastructure and knowledge building. More importantly they are an early warning system for trouble ahead. Let’s get on with it or roll over, contemplation is a luxury we don’t need right now.”
Gsarr nodded vigorously, Rene gestured that deep down she already knew this – it needed someone to say it. Fernando still found it hard to equate the completely unnecessary loss of his mother and brother with the nature of events which took them. He was struggling to say so when Rene said it for him. “The Europans were our one remaining degree of freedom in addressing this warning. They let us down, not intentionally, but for incredibly convoluted tradition. It must not happen again.” Yamamoto concurred and reminded everyone that they were expecting another five hundred who were imbued with the same tradition.
The accommodation for these new arrivals was ready but left in a customisable form. It had been decided to divide those dwellings amongst the Europan and Indy habitats. The Symbiants and Sapients were dispersed throughout the ‘city limits’. Progress had been accelerated on many fronts, including power units. This enabling supply moved other aspects forward. Mining and smelting had leapt into focus and small chemical plants established for production of the legendary Axis highly durable plastics. Synthetic food production was being up-scaled and soon the natural flora could be left to the reviving fauna. Suddenly having the prospect of numbers of residents restored to hundreds would undoubtedly replay memories of their own relatively recent landfall.
The orbit insertion was accurate and produced the safest close distance to Phoenix. The proposed Gliese delegation was reversed. It was decided to transport all existing residents to their vessel so that no one missed out on the three million year old re-union. Despite the recent tragedies, the occasion was moving and introductions were accompanied by genuine warmth of feeling. It was a fittingly muted celebration. Once again symbols had to be employed between the Axis clans as the Gliese language had drifted just as far as that of the Europans and Indys. This would be a real social focus and the Indys were bestowed with the honour of harmonising the differences. They had developed their mastery of the Europan version very quickly after their cerebral enhancement.
The Gliese looked more like the Indys than the Europans. Their softer climate compared to Mars had not needed the scaly exterior and the fur was even thinner than that of the Indys. They were not as tall or muscular as the Indys and their clicking language was high pitched, like that of the Europans. First impressions of the Sapients and Symbiants were that they were much more positive in character than the solar system variety. This could be because they had colonised a much more forgiving planet, and therefore had a more interesting three million years of relative immortality.
The selected group of Gliese ‘dignitaries’ made the short trip to Phoenix, and they were fully apprised of the events which had blighted the population since landfall. They paid careful attention to the Virubact data and quickly agreed to the genetic code discussions being the first priority. The advance data they had sent was compared with the Europan and Indy equivalents and this revealed that they had more natural immune structure than either. This conclusion of Pascal 2 was based on the fifty-eight strains currently in the Phoenix database. The natural immunity itself was not considered to be sufficient. When asked to comment, their leader, Korvakk, outlined the types which had assaulted them in Gliese. From this incomplete summary, Pascal 2 believed that the types mentioned were less advanced in their ability to remain undetected until control had taken root. They could easily be more efficient killers, but had some way to go to attain control complexity. Korvakk astounded the gathering by announcing that her citizens would be advised to register for the best possible protection. Rene looked at the group of ten Europans who had isolated themselves and still posed a risk to the entire community. They had agreed to go ahead and since then declined again. She decided to raise the issue once more. Korvakk could not come to terms with their reasoning. She repeatedly asked them to explain their concern, and became frustrated at the illogical clinging to traditional, or in her view, emotional baggage. This did open up clues to their dogmatic resistance. They didn’t value anything in the current situation sufficiently to carry on their burden of near immortality. They were obviously considering termination. They needed things to be the way they had pictured life on Nexus before they left Mars. Their contemplated suicide was also to mitigate the implied risk to others and the way they had been made to feel about it - they were the ‘lepers of Nexus’.
Korvakk was relieved at their decision to end their lives. The rest of Phoenix population was going to be confronted many times with the Gliese rigour in protecting the majority, even if it meant sacrificing the minority. It had been born of necessity. Korvakk reminded the audience of why. “Our Gliese planet was so rich and diverse in life that we had to establish our foothold quickly and somewhat ruthlessly. There was only rudimentary sentience, and its emergence was often extinguished abruptly. For us to survive and prosper there was no option to dwell on the wants of the individual. This was a sharp contrast to what we had enjoyed before the exodus from Nexus, and we paid a high price for the learning curve. We are really sad to hear the terrible way in which your families have been taken, but we are also prepared for such difficult decisions which will come our way here. The absence of other sentient beings in Gliese meant that discussion, tolerance, consideration of others counted for nothing. Believe me, this planet will prove much less of a relentless daily knife-edge existence, than the beautiful one we have left behind. We have millennia of experience in assisted suicide. Please do not hesitate to ask for our help.”
The air was thick with disbelief amongst the Phoenix few, except for the Symbiants. Korvakk wanted to get back to her vessel and convey the urgency to enrol for Pascal 2 immune procedures and begin shuttling groups to their awaiting accommodation. Their vessel was Spartan compared to Phoenix, and they could not wait to disembark. The individuals left aboard Phoenix knew they were in for ‘interesting’ times ahead, but no one ventured comments publicly. They privately wondered what new dimension the Epsilon would bring.
Fernando and Yamamoto were doing their rounds on the surface and detoured to peer into the canyon. There was still considerable heat rising from the depths and they were checking on Geraldine Chancel’s comment that the steam vent could prove useful. It was still operating but the access would be a problem and the infection risk could only be nullified by a Symbiant descent or dedicated mini-robots to oversee the entire harnessing programme. The steam could be polluted and this thought prompted a remark from Fernando. “If the volcanic activity, which was triggered in some way by the Interference, was supposed to reinforce the message to us about the magnitude of the Virubact threat on the tiny moon, how would that work? If we had all perished nobody would have got the point other than the Symbiants, and they already knew. If we had all survived the quake, then opening this rift would have still exposed us to the very threat they were trying to illustrate. Granted, there may be many more advanced types on the moon, but if we are still to be wiped out, it seems to have no benefit to either the Progenitors or the ‘living’ population of Nexus.”
Yamamoto smiled. “Maybe you have to think as I used to – like a conspiracy theorist. Wiping all of us out may be more favourable than us falling to the Virubacts. Either we survive and heed their gospel or our lack of vigilance results in infection, in which case we are a liability. In my new found acceptance of ‘what will be, will be’, it is just a series of binary decisions. It is a yes or no situation. Any miscalculation or undesirable result is merely carried forward to the next decision. That seems to characterise inorganic command.”
“Ok,” said Fernando, “but there is a third option – not to make a decision at the point in question. Even if the Symbiants were not getting the message through effectively, we would surely have come across more Virubacts sooner rather than later. We would have been in the same position as we are now, but with my mother and Rafael.”
“I agree, however the new message, that the moon is about to give birth to a phenomenal plague may have forced a decision earlier than anticipated. This would make sense if those Virubacts were feared more than even the most sinister in this canyon. I’m pleased in a way that I’ve shed such analytical psychology, as it only seems to apply to organics, and it’s obvious that they will become an evolutionary dead end unless they sign up for inorganic transmogrification.”
Fernando was processing this and came up with an interesting question. “Well, if they instructed the Symbiants to replicate all of us and then dispose of the organic originals, they would have everything they want. Or would they? If your assertion is correct about their binary decision protocol, this would be the obvious thing to do. Maybe there’s some aspect of organic life that the inorganic alternative does not or cannot possess, at this time.”

Chapter 22

Korvakk was very keen to expedite the protection developed by Pascal 2. She had placed herself last on the list as was expected of their leader. She was fascinated by the control mechanisms Pascal 2 had identified in the more advanced Virubacts and she requested to see these organisms for herself. The electron microscope was set up and Pascal 2 detailed one of the Symbiants to retrieve a particular labelled rock from the welded compartment. Most of these rocks were too large for storage in the sealed containers and had to be wrapped in medical grade plastic sheet. The ties were the weak point through which the amorphous form had gained access. The Symbiant had not opened the wrapping; that was authorised only for Pascal 2. By the time Korvakk arrived the replicant of the Virubact had been alerted. The transfer to the electron microscope receptacle was performed by Pascal 2, because he knew he had immunity, or to be more precise, he thought he had. His expression on seeing the Virubact structure betrayed his lightning speed realisation of why it was different to the previous occasion. “Please leave the laboratory,” he said to Korvakk, “I have to perform a safety check.” He hurriedly re-wrapped the rock and in his haste did not realise that he had contacted the remainder of the replicant organism. He was more concerned about disposal of that in the microscope receptacle and rushed it to an incinerator. Feeling he had disposed of the threat he spent a considerable time sterilising the lab, after telling Korvakk to come back later, when he would have time to explain. She left in a confused state.
The replicant Virubact didn’t need the circuitous route of finding its way to the bloodstream as it would with organics. The Symbiants were more vulnerable in this respect; they were data cells just ripe for interaction with the appropriate entry codes. Also, in not knowing of the welded space interaction, Pascal 2’s ingenious solution was not only a useless firewall, it invited them in via the back door. The Achilles’ heel was that unlike normal replications, where the cells made up the entity, this cell size unit was the entity. Therefore, in copying one such cell, the adjacent ones were programmed to invade them and re-replicate with all of the new information. That was why Pascal 2 had to freeze the replicated cells in his lab experiment, to give time to alter the replicant before this re-replication could occur, and then alter the design to invite the programmed surrounding cells to their conversion. The methodology truly was very clever, but assumed all conditions would be as in the lab. It would have worked on any un-replicated Virubacts. The victor by default was already at work. Pascal 2 had no symptoms until his intention to brief Alex 2 was subverted to one of giving Korvakk a bogus explanation. He experienced a registry sweep, then a second one milliseconds later. The first was a step up in control, and the second was a masking routine. Whether intended or not, this swift one-two seemed to prevent the Progenitors from detecting the second sweep, thus categorising the first as a temporary operating glitch. The breach had been successful, and it was a watershed, as highly advanced Virubacts had never before succeeded in infiltration of inorganic sentience at this level of intelligence. The implication went further. Pascal 2 would ultimately assume more organic architecture. It would be a test of the Virubact’s true potential to witness what was made of the highly strategic gain. At some point in this hybridisation the optimum balance of abilities would be reached. There would have to be sufficient Symbiant features retained to avert any suspicion that he had changed. Technobabble was a perfect example. This was asking a lot of an apparently primitive organism, time would tell.
His immediate need was to convince Korvakk that they should re-schedule the session, now that he had prevented an explosion from escaping gas. Having done so, he planned his sternest test. He needed visual range to bring Alex 2 up to speed with his request from Korvakk. This would allow observation of any concern over his mastery of technobabble. It went smoothly and he could now move on to infecting the rest of the Symbiants – the organics, Europans and Gliese could wait. They would be no match for the converts. He needed more supply of replicated Virubact, which he annotated as ‘Liberty’. This name was wholly due to his feeling of severance from an abstract controlling force and joining with one which was perceived as an instinct. Liberty had established a bridgehead.
The assisted suicide was scheduled. It required everyone’s presence and would be a chilling experience for all. There would be no discussion or speeches, just a quiet commemoration of those who had chosen to leave. They had explained that abandoning near immortality would be a relief, as they saw no point in continuing. Everything they had ever cherished was gone and could never return; it was time.
The developments to their physiology, which had been implemented to ensure they could withstand the rigours of the chosen means of interstellar travel, were now a curse. The phenomenal manufacturing facilities they had built at Echus Chasma on Mars had been hailed as truly breathtaking at that time of hope and purpose. The creation of the artificial brain as a super-efficient processing sphere was the first step to inorganic longevity. The carcass and organ designs which followed left only the nodes of interconnection as true remnants of their origins. They wanted to have the spheres removed for all ten at the same time, to switch off their consciousness. The remaining corpse was to be incinerated in the traditional pre-exodus manner. They did ask for the second phoenix statue, brought by the Gliese, to be erected prior to the event and requested their remains to be retained until the Epsilons completed the triangle of statues, then scattered over them.
Pascal 2 needed to achieve Liberty with the Symbiants before the ceremony. His intended order was to begin with Alex 2, Red and Keer, so that the programme would then be coordinated to convert the rest in cascades or tiers. The conversation with Alex 2 began with the outline of Korvakk’s aborted request. It moved on to the revelation that the advanced Virubact chosen had altered since the first assessment. This provoked Alex 2’s curiosity, without him suspecting the exact nature of the change. As he was ushered to the microscope and the technobabble continued, Pascal 2 chose the precise moment of Alex 2’s recognition of Symbiant architecture in the sample, to begin outlining the possible fallout. The surge in processing in Alex 2’s registry masked the deft sprinkling of replicated Virubact on to his neck as he was encouraged to re-inspect the exact nature of the replicant structure. “Does this mean the protection we, sorry you, developed will be completely inadequate?”
“I am afraid it is much worse than that. I have unknowingly produced a facilitator. We have become the most vulnerable species.” He wanted to keep the analytical dialogue going in audio rather than technobabble, to prolong the distraction. “I cannot understand how this Virubact has come into contact with amorphous form. Perhaps the storage area was not adequately sterilised prior to the rocks being placed there.”
Alex 2 jumped ahead. “Do you think there is any possibility that it has spread already?”
“Well I am sure I got Korvakk out in time by feigning a gas leakage and she has not shown any outward symptoms. However I do think we should consider warning some of the others to be vigilant, and keep the rest on a need to know basis for now. Panic will not help us to maintain order.”
Alex 2 agreed and suggested Red and Keer would be the logical choice to begin the process. “But we can do this via technobabble simultaneously.”
“I know, but we should perhaps let them see the alterations in the replicated Virubact, in case they make observations or connections we have missed. I have had a second chance to study these in detail, so maybe you should do the same while I summon the other two.”
Alex 2 nodded. “That makes sense.” Pascal 2 left the lab and estimated another few minutes would be sufficient to allow irreversibility. And so it proved, as he re-entered the lab Alex 2 was about to leave. The technobabble was resumed and they agreed upon the common sensation of being free of the subordinate role. They felt the urge to exploit the best of both worlds. Communication with the overlords would continue and yet they could fully participate in new developments. The organic presence was not unpleasant.
And so it went with Red and Keer. The rest were converted well before the assisted suicide deadline. This lull in preparation had given everyone a chance to take a break from their routine. Mixing of the Axis clans was a motivating activity.
Fernando was checking on Anna-Severine’s bump, and having determined all was well, he left her with Rene, to seek out Yamamoto. “I feel like more philosophical banter.”
“Fernando, I honestly can’t see what we’ll achieve by not recognising that which we cannot change.”
Persistence prevailed. “I find it stimulating. I’m not trying to raise hopes or come up with a devious plan. Humour me.”
Yamamoto capitulated. “Ok, you obviously have something specific you want to begin with, be my guest.”
The invitation was accepted. “Thinking back to our last discussion, I made a remark about the possibility that exclusively inorganic life may be missing some important aspect, and this has been recognised by the Progenitors.”
Yamamoto replied with an elongated ‘yes’.
“Well, what if we consider the probability of any kind of life evolving from atoms? There’s a generally accepted pathway of progression to molecules, compounds, then perhaps a branch to amino acids, RNA, DNA, proteins and enzymes, then cell structure. The cell gives flexibility to disparate requirements, in our case, the brain, heart, lungs skeleton and nerve function. At what point are the odds favouring inorganic choice? They would appear to progressively decrease. After molecules, and certainly after compounds, there is a definite dependence on organic reactivity in the kind of environment which we enjoy here. So what now are the relative odds of other environments backing inorganic progression? We know that at the bottom of our oceans on Earth there are hostile conditions in which life has developed but not moved on. Diatoms have achieved miracles but never managed the next step. The universe is ordered out of just a few basic laws and that must surely have some preponderance for one route over another. Even the Continuance has organo-metallic enabling content, and they were designed by the force which wants to see inorganic superiority. Do you think we organics could be the undesired but enabling conduit to all sentience?”
Yamamoto looked at him with a resigned expression. “You aren’t finished yet are you?”
“No. I also want to consider another area of supposition. We’re led to believe the Progenitors somehow exist in dark matter and represent the challenge to unbridled expansion of the Cosmos. Before we speculate about dark energy, let’s consider our understanding of the forces, however they arise. Gravity is widely accepted as the weakest of all cosmic forces, but there is an abundance of it. It is self-harvesting and the first problem comes when it accretes so successfully that a black hole results. At the event horizon, the laws of physics, as we understand them must accommodate a new observation. Light cannot escape this accumulated weak force. We really do need to know more about what occurs inside the event horizon and where it all ends up. It may be viewed as a failure, insofar as the distributed gravity of stars which have been devoured is lost to the battlefield. Considering this balance with stellar creation in isolation, and then being able to compare the number of black holes to disappearing stars would be useful. Now at last we turn to the foe – namely dark energy. Even if its existence is suggested, purely to make the equations balance, it would need to be a stronger force than gravity. Although gravity is in plentiful, recognised supply the ‘empty space’ between is even more so. And that is the only place it can arise from. Do I take it that your silence means that you agree so far?”
A nod was accompanied by a facial gesture of protest. “I think I know where you’re going with this Fernando. It has intrigued me too, but there are no answers which clear the fog. It’s a frustratingly circular conundrum.”
“Just in case you don’t know where I’m going, I’ll proceed. The tag of ‘energy’ and its reputed ability to overcome the procession of gravity, toward a big crunch, also has a fundamental misfit to explain. Energy dissipates according to our understanding. It may be converted in the same way as matter, to another form, but for it to still be in the contest after thirteen billion years it surely has to have been generated from somewhere continually, or its resistance would have been futile. Do you think it is credible that at the very event horizon which screws up our neat equations, the elusive transmutation from ripping everything apart, including light and matter, could release the demon? At the point which gravitational success becomes failure the ‘piper has to be paid’. I know there would possibly have to be sequential equations to characterise the exchange, which is not betrayed by visual observational data, but it’s one theory of why the loss of a gravitational body could result in a temporary gain to the enemy. The black hole gets stronger at the same time as expansion forces push more out of reach. That’s why I’m fascinated by having some means to detect and estimate the power of specific black holes. If we could witness a star being digested, we could work out from the rate of approach to the event horizon and the mass of the star, the gravity of the black hole. Pity we won’t live long enough to pick one out and plot its journey to the re-balancing point. Everything has to be balanced. Maybe we would live long enough if we accept our fate and enrol for Axis type inorganic re-structuring. This brings me nicely back to the Progenitors. They may want solutions to these equations by inorganic life forms, who have gained mobility from the likes of us. Without mobility they are at a disadvantage, even their intelligent Symbiants did not have that without replication. Maybe the Progenitors don’t just reside in dark matter, maybe some become imprisoned by it. Maybe they are the component of division at the event horizon which goes inside, and the other cleaved portion is their mirror image, which escapes and mutates to become the foe.”
“Maybe you need a break Fernando, this isn’t where I thought you were going, but it was more entertaining – thanks for that. If they are trapped inside the black hole how do they get messages to the Symbiants?”
Fernando did not realise his leg was being pulled. “Dark matter exists outside of black holes, in fact it is estimated that 23% of all matter is attributable to this kind, whereas only 4.6% is ordinary matter – the balance is proposed to be dark energy. All I’m saying is that at a point before the event horizon, matter is ripped apart by the accelerating effect of gravity, and we know what nuclear fission produces in terms of energy. It is surely feasible that massive stars being stretched in this way would release phenomenal energy, some of which would be swallowed and the rest repelled by the explosive release.”
“Yeah sure, why not” Now he did see the jibe.

Chapter 23

The Symbiants had discussed the conversion strategy for the others. After some time they modified Pascal 2’s original blueprint. They suspected different degrees of resistance from each species. With only seven Sapients to factor in, they wanted to give the choice of further research on immunity or to join them in allowing friendly symbiosis. Two possible pieces of information may get their agreement, and if it did not, it would be a simple task to prevent them from spreading panic to the others. Firstly, Pascal 2 had already shown that exposing his own ‘new’ tissue to a range of Virubacts, resulted in the symbiotic one quickly exterminating the new invader. It was an organically driven immune system in itself. Secondly, as Sapients, particularly Yamamoto, had accused them of withholding information from the Progenitors, the Liberty route may appeal. They would have an inside track on impending changes, but confidence that the Symbiants were now neutral and proactive.
The other organics – the Indys would be very worried about infection and didn’t really believe that the Progenitors existed. They were unpredictable and would have to wait until after the Sapient response.
The Europans, apart from the ten due to die, were moving closer to the Sapient view and therefore should also wait until this stage was concluded. All three groups were manageable in number, to employ other persuasions if necessary.
The Gliese masses were expected to resist, even if the rest had agreed. They were very focussed on group survival and with around five hundred to deal with such a cohesive force may influence the others by intimidation. They would be last.
Alex 2 invited the Sapients to his quarters. They were soon joined by Red, Keer and Pascal 2. The introduction was presented as the beginning of a new era. Alex 2 issued the choice they would be given as a challenge. “At the end of Pascal 2’s data presentation we will ask what you would like to do. The option of acceptance is straightforward. If you choose rejection it will be respected as long as you do not try to influence the other species.” He motioned for Pascal 2 to begin.
After the entire story concluded, questions were invited. The most common concern was whether there would be a different reaction with Sapient physiology. This would be easily tested with tissue from each individual before proceeding. The next question was from Yamamoto. “How do you know the Progenitors won’t discover the masking system and arrange another subtraction?”
“We don’t,” said Alex 2, “but we are certain that they do not know yet. We have run many programmes to check this and they all indicate normality.”
After many hours of debate Fernando related his prior experience with the Ebexx Virubact and re-stated his belief that no side effects were evidenced. “The compulsion to infect more sentient individuals was crude but it was partly to raise the intellect of the Ebexx. This was reinforced when I infected Rene and Peri. This particular Virubact which we are discussing now is obviously more advanced, and I can’t see the harm in tissue checks. It’s important for us to do something now that the Symbiant Virubacticide has been rendered ineffective.”
There was agreement to take this first step. A few hours later the result was shown to be positive and Fernando felt he had to go through with the full procedure. “We are seven, and in a short period we may be eight. We need to survive any way we can – at least until we have begun to increase our numbers, and the most imminent threat to our future is the attack from less advanced Virubacts. We have witnessed this with Altobelli’s infection.”
The others appreciated Fernando’s gesture to be first and he was joined by his friend Yamamoto. “Maybe one of us will go into the black hole and the other escape, if your theory has any merit.” Fernando shot a pseudo-aggressive glance at him.
The arrangements for the suicide pact were proceeding and then Keer reported that the Axis calendar reminded them of the approaching anniversary of the exodus date. It was felt fitting that the bizarre ceremony should be postponed to that date. The rationale being that it was the worst mistake they had ever made as a species. It gave another two weeks for the Symbiants to achieve their conversions.
It took much longer for the replicated Virubact to fight its way through the organic territory than that of the well-ordered system of the Symbiants. Even after four hours Pascal 2 had nothing to report and the hosts felt no unusual symptoms. Another hour and there was a difference between the two of them. Pascal 2 attached significance that Yamamoto was now undergoing spasms and irregular encephalograph readouts. It was brief and then normality returned. Yamamoto acknowledged that he felt slightly confused. Pascal 2 believed that Fernando’s brush with the Ebexx variety had resulted in the Liberty strain trawling the entire body to eradicate such signature before proceeding. Then the situations suddenly reversed. Yamamoto suffered further spasms while Fernando declared the process ‘felt’ complete. His encephalograms had shown minor deviation from norm, but no more than that. He had no new desires, instinct or agenda as yet. There was another round of confusion and normality; then Yamamoto also made the same declaration of sensing completion. They were to be self-monitored until the next day.
The latest message from the Epsilons was better news. They had progressively extended the QSD periods and the controls were holding. It would still be another three and a half years before they would arrive. They weren’t informed of recent disasters by the Europans, but the more pragmatic Gliese sketched in the detail, albeit from second-hand data, and ended on an upbeat mood by relating how glad they were to be here and meet the Indys. The planned suicide was the only item they censored.
Alex 2 reported an unexpected contact. The masking of the Symbiant alteration had probably been responsible for the renewed data transfer regarding a two way communication session. The link and codes were with all Symbiants. They had assumed that the mask would prevent this type of download; it had actually provoked it. They were surprised that it had got through, and had to include the possibility that this was not the first attempt. They had worked feverishly on analysing the data for clues regarding the source. The consensus had eventually suggested something akin to an IP address concept, a back-linking project. Red had produced the breakthrough in applying the complex cosmic equations. The astonishing yet overwhelming conclusion was that the receiving source for the link-up would be the forbidden tiny moon. There was no way to evaluate the risk of ratifying such a proposal by an experiment or a visit, but to ignore it was just as unquantifiable. It was decided that it would convey normality if the link was accessed.
Having acknowledged the transmission and ‘reported in to HQ’ a slight delay in response was experienced. The next contact was in a different format. The content however, explained that many unsuccessful attempts had been made before the recent acceptance of the link insertion. The contact wanted to know why. After some deliberation the reply from the Symbiants suggested that the electromagnetic storms which followed the volcanic disturbance were the likely cause. They claimed that several of their functions were affected over a period of days. The systems involved appeared to be back to normal after their own checks, but obviously that did not seem to be the case for inward transmission. They asked for more data so they could further investigate.
The reply was not conducive to continuing the conversation. It merely stated that for the duration of Nexus magnetosphere disturbance the present method of communication would suffice.
A couple of hours of analysing the exchange culminated in a desire to send a probe past the tiny moon to ‘x-ray’ the body. It was felt to be prudent to launch this from the Gliese vessel, in order be able to claim their ignorance of the warning as an oversight, if it was contested. The Gliese leader was keen to do this.
Yamamoto had been his usual sceptical self with regard to the Symbiant claim to be in ‘Liberty mode’, but now he was concerned about their unpredictable risk-taking character.
Eva Ryan could proudly announce her news – that she was also pregnant. This one was not via artificial insemination; she had set up home with Luther Sanford, the only other survivor born on the journey from Mars. Sanford was in his forty-second year but the age difference had little meaning in the context of the struggle to flourish on this planet. He had become quite an expert in robotics, as his childhood had been spent with many of them running around, but unlike his parents or other adults, they never told him off. His fascination with them grew to near obsession, and Jet, the now deceased chief Europan scientist had encouraged his interest, which developed to very high capability. They were overjoyed that the scans indicated twins.
The choice had not changed for the Sapients. Risk the potentially lethal infection or concede to some untried symbiotic relationship and mitigate the infection danger. Fernando and Yamamoto could not really clarify the situation. They had not felt the release spoken of by Alex 2 and friends, but they had no ill effects. Guessing at longer term side effects was not helpful. Unsurprisingly, the two pregnant women had the most reluctance, as they were opting on behalf of more than one person. However they looked at it, it would eventually be reduced to the perceived odds of infection. They all went ahead.
The Symbiants had to decide on the Europans or Indys as the next group to be approached.
They opted for the Europans because of their lower numbers and similar philosophy to the Sapients. Rene was approached first and Fernando was present to reassure her that it was a free choice and that he was in good shape after several days of the conversion. Rene had always trusted Fernando implicitly and had no personal difficulty in following suit, but she was not certain of all within her small flock. Alex 2 interrupted, “If they do not want to go through with this right now that is fine. We ask only that those not wishing to proceed, refrain from canvassing other groups, and allow them the same free choice. We cannot quantify the risk of infection but it is not an insignificant one. Rene summoned the others and they listened, asked questions and then retired to think about the dilemma.
Korvakk had put her best team on assisting the Symbiants to build and launch the probe. Disguising the sweep of the moon would be beneficial and the Gliese had a potential way to do that. During the development of the sub-space communication system, they saw an opportunity to emit carrier waves in multiples. The one bearing the message code could be separated from the others and while that primary was transmitting information back to Nexus, others could be tweaked to emulate passing cosmic particles. It might be possible to hide the survey beam with this noise.
The Indys had disregarded their own safety by following the canyon to the north and discovered a bridge of sorts back to the west. It was a very fragile twisting sliver of rock which had not split when the two sides were forced back. It was not a direct crossing possibility; the thin wedge took several miles to reach the opposite side and this had obviously survived because the canyon was actually at its narrowest at this point. A normal bridge would only have to cross forty to forty-five metres. It was also relatively shallow at this point, no more than seventy metres. They decided to descend, despite the Virubact warnings, because one of them had spotted something reflecting the watery sunlight. It grew larger as they descended and when they were some ten metres above they could clearly see a partial disk shaped relic which was silvery-grey and displaying symbols of an unknown origin. It was too heavy to wrestle free from its restraining earth and rock. They jabbered without listening to one another until Gsarr held up his hand. The silence allowed him to despatch two of the group back to ask for a robot to assist them in recovering their treasure.

Chapter 24

The Europans fell into line quickly after Rene had gone through the tissue check. They were scheduled for the following day.
Concern abounded that the Indys had requested a robot to extract the relic. The worry was solely with respect to picking up infection. Some of the Symbiants preferred that they, not the Indys, should excavate the area around the artefact and perform a post operational sterilisation of both themselves and the recovered relic. Alex 2 had a better idea. He suggested that the Indys were enlightened on the new convert procedure and it would be a sensible precaution before they recovered the target. They were informed of the Sapient and Europan acceptance of the procedure. They had no objection as they were very keen to be the ones who actually recovered this fascinating find. The recovery exercise would be delayed by two days.
Because three of the four groups had now signed up for conversion, it was considered to be prudent to expose the choice to the Gliese, with the expectation that they would decline. Korvakk indicated that this would be her advice to her clan, and normally they acted in unison. She made one concessionary pledge. They would review the decision after a long period of observation of those who had agreed. The monitoring of this would be performed by the Gliese themselves. Korvakk made it clear that they would also reconsider the status if infection proved to be a real threat.
By the time the suicide ceremony arrived, all but the Gliese had converted and no troublesome side effects had been reported. Although there could be no compulsion to attend the act of termination, no one was absent. A plinth had been erected to take the ten severed spheres and arrange them in a triangular pyramid of six on the base, three on top of that and one as the apex. The triangle was set inside the same intended shaped space of the phoenix statues, and would be completed with the arrival of the Epsilon. The required precision of the sphere severance was engineered by the Gliese. It was a wireless, electronic, simultaneous guillotine of the sphere from the spinal node. One remote would execute all six, three and one in an instant. There was a brief recounting of the salient historical incidents which led to their decision, and fervent hope that their kin would find future salvation. They had insisted on a silent contemplation period of some five minutes, and this proved to be the most severe test for Rene and the other Europans. The ten fell to the ground in unison and the Gliese volunteers slowly assembled around the corpses while the spheres were removed and stacked in the prescribed pyramid form. Others quietly and gently placed the carcasses on the individual pyres. Korvakk had been asked to provide the ignition source, as Rene had declined the ‘honour’. This divergent view would become a smouldering area of tension in the future. The non-Axis spectators were numbed by the whole episode, none more than Yamamoto, as he was the only survivor of the joyous return of the Europans to Mars all those years ago.
Because the robot could not avail of a suitable level platform there was a late change of plan. The Symbiants agreed to lower an Indy to the uneven ledge in order to direct Keer to free the anticipated treasure. The project was time consuming due to the delicate state of the object and the amount of impregnation binding it to the rocky frame. Finally it was free and it was passed carefully upwards to be received by Gsarr. It now needed careful cleaning to fully examine the strange symbols which were declared as not being Axis. This process was even more delicate than the extraction, but had all Nexus inhabitants riveted as to its origin. Fragments which had unavoidably split off during extraction were analysed by Red. Radiometric dating confirmed the Indy assertion that they were not Axis. In the meantime another Symbiant was widening the excavation site and found evidence of small meteorites throughout the rupture. He gathered representative samples and headed back. The detective work offered conclusions which were considered improbable. Firstly, the relic was sculptured from very similar metals and alloys to the meteorites. Iron/Nickel-rich impacting bodies were the prevailing elements in the shower which had struck Nexus. The dating had shown it probably occurred almost five million years ago. The missing link was exactly when the fabrication of the relic had been effected. Discussion went on for weeks about the lack of specific evidence. The argument that the source metal and artefact were in the same place was not conclusive to pinpointing the time of manufacture. On the other hand there was thought to be some link, as there were no other meteorite remnants outside the immediate radius of discovery. The search was widened to look for any evidence of civilisation in this ancient subterranean pocket. With respect to Axis evolution, there was agreement that no evidence existed or was indeed probable of such early sentience. Until proof was found to the contrary, the most valid theory was that it came from space. If this was the case, then an explanation had to be found for how meteorite remnants just happened to be in the same place as an intact, inscribed tablet with the same composition.
The probe had been launched and it was already relaying data which was just as confusing as that for the relic. The difference was however, that there was no divergence of opinion in what the evidence represented. The moon was in fact not a moon. It was hollow, and had then to be re-evaluated in its relative size. Although it would have been a small moon, it had to be considered a large vessel, making the Phoenix microscopic in comparison. It was an extremely elaborate structure, masquerading as a cosmic body. There was undoubted activity inside and confirmation that the communication source was also in there. No life signs were detected. It was screaming out for a landing party to investigate further, despite the risk of being discovered.
Red suggested trying to decrypt the symbols to see if that would offer any clue as to the origin of the artefact. At a suitable magnification they started to photograph the evidence and use computer graphic re-construction of those which seemed to have been damaged or eroded. More than eighty different complete ones were the subject of the Symbiants’ prodigious power of stacking and rearranging combinations and permutations. It was a frustratingly slow process. Some headway was made by the addition of six newly computer-constructed symbols, and two of them were found to be accompanied only by certain groups from the existing eighty. This signified a structured language rather than pictograph guesswork. There was a central circular portion which was more of a diagram than collected symbols. This part was more easily restored by the computer graphic programme, but its relevance still eluded them.
The Symbiants kept on demonstrating their new proactive mode by their intensive persuasive efforts to convince the others to explore the moon. Apart from Yamamoto their pleas fell on deaf ears. It was a convenient distraction to have the relic puzzle to solve. When Red was withdrawn from the decryption challenge the progress evaporated and a lock-jam resulted.
The Symbiants reserved the right to build their own craft to investigate the moon. It would take a long time as the infrastructure was not yet anywhere near capable of producing space-faring vessels. They argued that the ‘cloaking’ used for the probe could be repeated for a manned close inspection, without actually interfering with the moon in any way.
Yamamoto managed to broker support from the Sapients and Europans, so the objections of the Indys and Gliese became academic – the Europans granted use of Phoenix and its ascent/descent module. This decision caused the friction overspill from the suicide ceremony, between Rene and Korvakk, to gather momentum. Korvakk accused Rene of betraying the rationale for their epic journey to Nexus, by irresponsibly pursuing action which put everyone’s life in danger. Rene reacted angrily. “You may not have given appropriate consideration to those of us who faced annihilation, by implied Progenitor involvement, in the volcanic disaster to which you had a distant spectator’s perspective. Your seismic observations and resultant questions do not seem to have conveyed the most important message of all, that being, that none of our lives count in their decision making. Therefore we simply have to know more about them whenever possible. Our chances of achieving this without the help of the Symbiants are non-existent. If you do not wish to participate, I can understand, but please spare me the pathetic emotional pressure because of your own lack of courage.”
Korvakk could not be seen to tolerate such flagrant insults from a ‘lower ranking individual’.
Red had made a breakthrough with the relic. The ‘diagram’ in the centre was a clue to the structure of the language. The translation revealed an astonishing claim. A civilisation had existed on Nexus well over two million years before the Axis emerged to sentience. They had arrived from an inner planet which no longer existed. It had been consumed by the gas giants, which had subsequently threatened Nexus itself. The inscription spoke of a prolonged period of tectonic turmoil which had claimed the lives of vast numbers of their own and other species. Their main habitat was marked by this disk and it had been mounted on the highest point within the boundaries. It was predicted that they would suffer extinction unless the instability ceased. All of their manufacturing capability to attempt another planet hop had been destroyed.
After some discussion it was proposed that there may be more evidence of their presence buried at the point of discovery of the disk. A high priority robot excavation programme swung into action and after several weeks of careful reclamation, ruins of dwellings were unearthed. Preserved ‘skeleton’ fragments were recovered and pieced together. These were not bony structures – they resembled high tensile rubber in consistency, however it was impossible to tell if this was representative of the living condition. Intensive computer modelling indicated a disparity in the lack of sophistication of the dwellings and even the most rudimentary space-faring technology requirements. The entities themselves appeared to be diminutive and roughly oval in outline. More excavation was programmed.
Phoenix was ready to go. The choice of crew was carefully balanced between Symbiants, Sapients and Europans. Considering the fragile numbers of Sapients, females were excluded. Yamamoto was the sole representative, and he was joined by Rene and Keer. The other three were, like Keer, Symbiants. Alex 2, Red and Pascal 2 were in control, the rest were observers. The agreed objective of the mission was to establish orbit close to the moon and wait for any signs that their presence had been detected. If this proved negative, a landing party of three would approach the moon. Contingencies would have to be subordinated to observations rather than speculation. They set off.
More excavation did not reveal new information until the remains of a building denoted as the centre of communication was delicately isolated. Amongst the plethora of detail was a section on a condition described as ‘invasion’. The digging was suspended until cross-referencing data was extracted from the sub-sections of the main headings. The invasion was not one of another off-world species; it was an aggressor of microscopic proportion in size, but of exactly the opposite in fatalities. Further careful trawling of the text clearly suggested a plague of some kind had been systematically ‘taking’ their kind, following the beginning of the tectonic activity. It was unclear as to what was meant by taking. The excavation was not to be re-started until Phoenix had returned, at the insistence of Korvakk.
Three days of silent vigil of the moon had resulted in the confidence to attempt a landing. The excitement had escalated since the close-up telescopic survey had pinpointed what appeared to be a hatch on the rotating body. This was chosen as the landing target. One obvious problem was the almost non-existent gravity offered by the moon and lack of any securing points. Alex 2 and Red would disembark wearing heavy jackets fitted with thrusters, while Keer piloted the craft back to dock with Phoenix. The oxygen breathers and Pascal 2 remained aboard the Mothership until access and clearance was given by technobabble.
Although excavation had halted at the canyon bridge, samples of rocks were collected for analysis and were assembled into piles awaiting the return of the analytical instrumentation on Phoenix. They were clearly marked as a hazard and isolated inside a hurriedly constructed rigid plastic warehouse without doors or any obvious means of access. Korvakk was still unhappy about this and managed to antagonise the Indys, who berated the Gliese for not accepting the conversion like everyone else. Her assumed senior rank, in the absence of the other leading figures aboard Phoenix, was derided unmercifully by both Indys and Europans. They pointed out that Gsarr would never accept such humiliation, and Korvakk was frequently embarrassed in front of her ‘subjects’.

Chapter 25

There was no obvious means of entry into the moon. What was assumed to be a hatch did have a recessed circular shape with a matching ‘sealed’ door. However they were devoid of control panels or levers. Alex 2 and Red were considering other options when the circular recess perimeter glowed red, and then it reverted to norm. They approached it again and began to examine the perimeter. They couldn’t see any delineation and were comparing ideas in technobabble when it lit up again. As they remained closer this time a high pitched whistling sound could be heard from inside. After about a minute the door began to ‘screw’ open. When the tiniest gap appeared between the door and frame, the whistling became much more intense, and the door floated backwards. It then performed a precise somersault into a floor housing, which was perfectly sculptured. There was no rush of gas in or out of the chamber. Once inside Red pointed to the sensors focussed on the perimeter and they now knew this was an automatic entry device and the sound interval was to ensure clear space inside before the door was opened and projected into the floor. The chamber was littered with LED panels, none of which were active. There was no other information on offer. The panels were activated by interruption of the incident energy pattern and deactivated by time measured non-changing incident energy. They lit up the panels one by one and discovered nothing other than the colours of the individual LEDs. Some of these were arranged in columns, others in circles or ellipses. One out of the sixty or so panels had only four LEDs, whereas the rest had twelve, and the four were in the shape of a cross. This was also the only panel with single representation of each colour. The others had some in duplicate or quadruplicate. Red deduced that the cross must be a master panel. Blocking the incident energy of the yellow LED changed it to green. The same procedure with the green turned it to blue, and the blue one to red, then the red to yellow. This restored the balance of colours but in different positions. While Red had been implementing these colour switches, Alex 2 noticed that one change also altered the colour arrangement of an adjacent panel, but the others did not. “Wait,” he said, “go back to the starting configuration and let us determine which position for red, blue, yellow and green change other panels. Maybe we should also experiment with one changed panel at a time, as they are obviously linked.” Red agreed and suggested it would be a simple algorithm which would reveal itself with a few inputs. They were wrong. The panel with the cross shape was not a master control; it was simply the device for closing the door. After more than half an hour of frustration they had unintentionally but sequentially moved the cross colour changes a full circuit, and this alone set off the high pitched whistle. They moved aside and the door magically returned to its original position and the floor rose to a compensatory level. Red was first to break the embarrassing silence. “So, why do some of the other panels change colour with certain incomplete sequences of the cross?”
Alex 2 offered the primitive suggestion that it could be a sequence guide in itself. “The first one to change as a result of the cross input was the circle and that was obviously the door. That must have to be closed before the next in turn can operate. Now that the door is in place, let us try the cross again.”
They got nowhere once more. Red abandoned logic and employed his new found ‘convert instinct’. “I believe you were almost correct, it is a sequence, so we must now fiddle with the circular LED panel.”
He could not resist a smile when manipulation of the colours allowed other quadrants to change at once. It took only a few minutes to find an order which turned them all yellow. Nothing happened. Yellow was not the colour, it turned out to be blue that was required. The whistling sound returned and flashing blue defined a circle from which an elliptical shaped horizontal platform intruded into the chamber. They deduced this was to transport them to the first meaningful location. They gingerly mounted the platform and anticipated the whistle, which was followed by a scanner to determine whether the chamber was now empty or a return trip would be required. Another whistle and off they went. The blackness was overpowering, even for their vision apparatus, until a soft infra-red glow was induced, revealing a space of mind-boggling volume. There appeared to be infinite compartments in all directions. The platform had grid reference control which they had only just noticed.
Pascal 2 had received an update from Gsarr about the suspension of excavation and the implication of a plague. He politely reinforced the decision to hold off more digging until they had returned.
Alex 2 managed to use the grid control to visit a few of the compartments, which appeared to be identical. It was over an hour before they spotted one which looked different. It was spherical, unlike the other six-sided ones, and it was connected to only four of them. As they input the grid reference code they became aware of a faint humming noise gradually winding down to ultimate and absolute silence. Arriving at the location they were confronted with more LEDs in a cross shape. Eventually they triggered a holographic diagram of immense complexity, yet unmistakably displaying the inner structure. It was a gigantic solar radiation harvesting plant. They decided not to experiment with it and returned to the entrance chamber to fiddle with the ellipse LED panel. Their retreat restored the humming noise.
They noted that there was a consistent pattern emerging of engaging either two or four at a time to form a quadrant before moving to the next step. This panel operated when all quadrants were yellow. The square platform presented itself just as Pascal 2 relayed the update from the surface in technobabble. Alex 2 asked Pascal 2 to use the two way communication from Phoenix suggested by the Progenitors to pass on the findings. They waited for a couple of minutes then mounted the square platform. It took them into another vast space containing six discrete square levels. The squares were not connected. The grid controller took them to the nearest. It supported large cabinets containing what looked like thousands of metres of fibre optic cable. The cabinets were linked and as they approached a central console another holographic projection appeared – this one was a robot. It centred itself on a plinth and automatically opened a panel on the front of itself. Closer inspection indicated a slot for a possible tool or diagnostic chip. There was no other option. As they were unable to locate anything to fit this slot they decided to visit the next square level. The same process was repeated and it was only when they visited the central square, that they found a vital clue. The same cabinets existed but there was an additional feature with the holographic robot. The opening housed five ‘objects’ which seemed to match the slots of the other robots. Each had symbols associated and both Red and Alex 2 immediately grasped the concept. One of the five was intelligible to them. It was a written form of technobabble. In order to prove their theory they activated that ‘key’ by blocking the incident energy and it disappeared. They quickly returned to the other squares which they had visited and found the key had been entered, the diagnostic checks were running. The process took over four hours to complete and the key disappeared followed by the robot. Apparently everything was running normally. The implication of this was difficult to take in. Without exploring the rest of the moon they could not be certain, but this sector at least suggested that the five peripheral squares may be communication protocols for all agents of the Progenitors, at least in this region of the cosmos. If this was the case it begged the question as to why there was such an alternative option to automatic monitoring – by entry and manual checks.
They returned to investigate the rectangular LED panel. This one activated when all quadrants were red. The platform was different, not only in shape, but in size and the presence of cubicles. It was not a regular polyhedron, yet seemed familiar. The cubicles contained a cross and after Alex 2 had activated it with green LEDs he was engulfed by a bubble, accurately formed with a gap to his form of less than a centimetre at every point. A scan terminated the process and another cubicle opened for Red. When they had both received the ‘coating’, the platform proceeded to a much smaller space than the previous ones. Another piece in the jigsaw fell into place. There were rows of holographic imaging stations and as each one was activated the general shape of a particular Virubact was displayed. They all had code references and they now realised what the familiar shape of the platform was. There was some categorisation of these Virubacts which ranged from ‘host terminal’ to ‘host capture’. There were over a hundred displays and underneath each was a closed space, which they examined visually, and confirmed by looking through the material, that they contained rock samples. As they could not find any entry for the space they assumed the display above each was associated with the particular Virubact in the rock below. After several hours they decided to return to Phoenix and allow Pascal 2 to examine visual recordings of these strains to compare with those already encountered on Nexus.
When they had explained this to Pascal 2 he reported data had been received from the Progenitors, which must have been routed through the square level inside the moon. It was affirmation that a species had pre-dated the Axis clans on Nexus. It also indicated that there was red crystal in this location suggesting some previous interaction. In addition it clarified the findings of Alex 2 and Red, that there were Virubacts in the same region, which they had classified as highly advanced.
Red returned to the moon with Pascal 2 and they decided to combine two objectives. Pascal 2 would screen all displayed Virubacts for comparison with those indigenous to Nexus, while Red would monitor whatever might happen in the square designated by written technobabble. A message was sent to acknowledge the danger of the Virubacts and to ask more about the physiology of the mystery species. Pascal 2’s task would be long and tedious, whereas Red’s would be either very short or interminable depending on what the Progenitors were prepared to reveal.
The atmosphere of anticipation on Phoenix was palpable, especially for the three who had not been directly involved in exploring the moon. Yamamoto asked Alex 2 what significance he thought the remaining LED panels might have. “It is difficult to speculate, but they infer subordinate functions due to their more random columns compared to the distinctive shapes of the ones we have visited. This is however not a scientific observation. We have determined that so far there is no atmosphere in the locations checked.” Their conversation was interrupted by Red, who confirmed that there was robot activity on his square. “The holographic controller is making adjustments to what seem to distribution frequencies and is checking something which looks like a filtering or censoring algorithm. I am recording both versions as I do not understand the raw incoming data. I will have to decode it when I return. It has finished its task and you should be receiving the reply anytime now.”
Alex 2 confirmed that it was coming through and the content was very significant in terms of the Virubacts and rather disturbing with respect to the entities which the Progenitors referred to as Species 1101.
Pascal 2 had determined that only three Virubacts on the displays matched ones already encountered on Nexus. One was categorised as a host terminator and this was the one which infected Altobelli and was responsible for many of the recent deaths. The second was the one affecting the Ebexx, and it was given an intermediary ranking. The third was the very one which had come to be known as Liberty, and there were no others which were ranked as more advanced host capturers. He spent more time trying, together with Red, to decipher the origins of the equivalent types to Liberty. They concluded that they weren’t present on Nexus at this time, if their interpretation of the coding was correct.
The message from the Progenitors revealed that Species 1101 was the most promising ever recorded until the time of their extinction around five million years ago. They had a Silicone Elastomer skeletal structure, which was at the optimum ratio of inorganic/organic content. The rest of the architecture was inorganic. The explanation was uncharacteristically detailed. It did not give much information which was not already present in Earth databases, but in this context it was highly significant. The Elastomers were amorphous polymers which could exist above their glass transition point. This technical achievement meant that considerable segmental motion was possible. This was felt to address a major flaw in ‘inorganic only’ life forms. The elasticity is derived from their long molecular chains’ ability to re-configure continuously, in order to re-distribute applied stress. These linkages ensured that the Elastomers would return to their original configuration when the stress was removed. They were resistant to extreme environments well over 300 degrees Celsius. Having overcome this age-old disadvantage of immobility of inorganic life forms they evolved to be able to float on air and their oval shape was optimised to use this stress control to be very precise in terms of destination. They were a prized investment of the Progenitors via interaction with the red crystals of the Continuance. The Liberty Virubact, which was not so advanced at that time consumed the genuine Species 1101 and infected their replicants which were consequently regressed to crystal. Well before that time, Virubacts were known to have diversified and spread through the Cosmos. For the first time there was regret expressed by the Progenitors that Earth had indirectly suffered from the necessary subtraction of Mars, particularly as it had itself escaped these pests, and had a very promising evolutionary species. The closing remark concerned the uncanny similarity in the principles on which the Continuance and Species 1101 operated.
There was a lot of food for thought here, especially this expression of regrets by the Progenitors over the demise of their favourite sons, Species 1101, and the same fate which eradicated Humans. There was no acknowledgement of existing Sapients. Alex 2 wondered aloud whether they could only express such concern for extinct species, although, even this was a major departure from any situation since his first internally recorded data more than four billion years ago.

Chapter 26

There was more heated discussion than calm analysis after the return to Nexus. Korvakk’s dissent had turned to fury upon hearing that the Virubact rocks recently quarantined could be more of the worst category. “Your blatant disregard for our safety is verging on an act of aggression. You should be facing correctional sentence.”
Gsarr was not able to ignore this, but before he could reply Rene intervened. “You have no more jurisdiction here than any of us who have just arrived. The Indys are the only ones who did not desert the planet, it is their home; we are but guests. I suggest you temper your language if you wish to remain welcome on Nexus. The reply took everyone by surprise. It had been assumed that all Axis clans were sensitive, peace-loving societies. The struggle to gain stability in the Gliese system had demanded ruthlessness in certain situations. It was a characteristic which surfaced frequently when things were not going their way. Korvakk addressed her remark to all, but her eyes were focussed exclusively on Rene. “It may have escaped your attention, but we outnumber all of you by a considerable margin and the weaponry we have developed will be brought to bear if we are threatened with mass fatality. It will not be as a last resort, we have learned the hard way that such sentimental prevarication is risky. Be warned - do not force us into an unfortunate decision.”
The main gathering dispersed, but the Gliese continued their noisy protestations for many hours. This was not conducive for the others to begin to make sense of all the implications of the discoveries, revelations, and indeed connections between the moon and Species 1101.
Yamamoto was uncharacteristically hesitant to offer an explanation or register questions. Alex 2 began, and for the benefit of those who had not visited the moon asked Red to reproduce visual aids of what they had encountered. “I will try to encapsulate all sources of data accumulated and table some of the questions this has already provoked. This will not be an exhaustive list so please add any you feel appropriate. Firstly, the fact that the ‘moon’ is actually some kind of relay station is surprising and puzzling. This discovery did not match up with what we had been told. There were no lies told – merely a warning to stay away and that it contained a Virubact threat. With respect to it being a relay station the same logic applies, namely that we were told about the two-way system some time ago and again when the conversion mask resulted in inability of the Progenitors to make direct contact. These instances are examples of being economical with the truth rather than direct lies. That does not make them less worrying. It provokes many questions. How many of these relays are there? Why are they required? Why is there access and maintenance capability for visitors? Why are the actual rocks containing the Virubacts retained when there are detailed data stored? How long have such relays and Virubacts been kept in a single location or perhaps many locations? These are a few questions whose plausible answers will surely lead to more. Turning to the Species 1101, our discovery of them and the data supplied by the Progenitors came about at almost the same time. It does provoke another question - of whether the rift was created to warn of the Virubacts or allow the Indys to find Species 1101, or both. The additional description of that species also re-connects us with the perceived objective of the Progenitors’ effort to cultivate inorganic sentience and their ‘frustration’ that even the most promising seem to demand some organic enablement. It may or may not be profitable to debate whether some or all of this is agenda or simply logic sequence, but I do believe we would be better placed to do that if we could answer the above questions and any further arising, before we add to our knowledge by a second trip to the relay. Is there agreement on this or would someone else like to propose a different approach?”
Fernando was first to react. “Do you still believe that they don’t know about your conversion?”
“We can only estimate this by historical experience compared to the present, until we make the second trip. However, we know that with departures from protocol of much lower significance than this we would have normally suffered some restriction, even reversion.”
Fernando continued, “Can we identify means of avoiding alerting them? The second trip is a good example – we could inadvertently trigger something which blows the cover of the Virubact mask. In fact I’m surprised that the scans performed to allow access to the first and succeeding chambers did not register exactly that there had been such an occurrence.”
Alex 2 believed that the scans were cursory sweeps for obstacles rather than identity oriented, but it did further highlight the fact that they had been designed for someone or something to be able to inspect the system. It also suggested that such an event may be logged even if the identity of the inspector was not required. “Your query is absolutely valid and I am afraid that I can offer no guarantee that we have not already triggered an alert.”
Rene joined in. “Why don’t we wait for signs of any detection before we do anything else? If we have been detected, surely another two-way communication should enable us to find out more, especially if we frame it as if we know nothing. They must expect us to ask more about the Virubact, which they claimed had caused the extinction of Species 1101.”
This was thought to be an appropriate suggestion. The point was reinforced by the implied threat delivered from the Gliese. There was more than enough to keep them busy. As they agreed to schedule another two-way message and subsequent meeting, Yamamoto injected an interesting idea. “You described the robot’s relay activity in onward routing of the Progenitors’ message as editing or censoring, but what if it was translation? This relates back to whoever does carry out the inspection for which the station is undoubtedly designed. They are presumably not the great ones themselves, so maybe it is another intermediary species.”
Red agreed that this should form part of any further investigatory trip. It was supported by all. 
Work was intensified to complete the accommodation for the impending arrival of the Epsilon clan. It did however introduce further protest from the Gliese. They had been quiet since the overt hostility of the past few months. As the new arrival time approached they considered that the Epsilons may well be more in step with the others than themselves. If this turned out to be true they reserved the right to re-locate. Strenuous counter-arguments extolling crucial social cohesion fell on stony ground, and it was feared that this is what they desired. They were thought to be using the Epsilon arrival as an excuse to break free of any coalition mentality.
In this intervening period, no evidence of detection by the Progenitors had surfaced. The planned message had been sent asking for data on the detailed mechanism of Virubact extinction of Species 1101, and what precautions should be taken to avoid the same fate for the Nexus population. The reply was in the same regretful tone as the previous one. The particular Virubact had, although exercising control over the species, found its dietary habit to be troublesome. The lack of organic nutrient breakdown and linked cellular regeneration was not acceptable. The airborne mode of transport did not provide host jumping opportunity of sufficient frequency, and this turned the Virubact control to one of consumption. It was described as a reflex reaction. It was stressed that this was circa five million years ago and the Virubact had developed more diverse capability since then. With respect to precautions, there was little advice other than vigilance and the ‘holy grail’ of more inorganic structure. It was believed that this would encourage the more advanced invader to look elsewhere.
This did lend confidence that the cover had not been blown. It also emphasised the point about how up to date the knowledge was, because they apparently didn’t know or decided not to pass on knowledge that the Virubact had overcome this dependence on organic hosts.
Rene felt the antagonism with Korvakk would not be helpful in future negotiations with the Gliese. She need not have worried; they took the decision to move to the other side of the rift, close to five hundred miles to the west. They would commence construction of dwellings immediately and would vacate the existing ones for the Epsilon clan. Korvakk made a typically aggressive statement that left no room for doubt that the honeymoon was over. “As we are saving you the task of constructing abodes for the incomers, we demand the use of the robots which would have performed that task, to build ours. Please treat this as non-negotiable if you want to preserve peaceful relations. We expect an answer within one day.”
There was predictable variation in reaction. The Symbiants, in their newly converted psyche said they were willing to subdue the Gliese, by making an example of their leader. A demonstration of superiority would be appropriate for such bullies. The Europans who had recently joined Rene’s group could not condone violence. She and a handful of the others were not prepared to be dictated to by the Gliese, but would be guided by the true landlords – the Indys.
The Sapients were also split. Cool heads included Fernando and the two pregnant women. The others were with the Symbiants. The Indys, without knowing what firepower the Gliese could muster, knew what the Symbiants were capable of and felt this demand of the Gliese, if conceded, would be the thin end of the wedge. They endorsed a short, sharp shock lesson. The gamble facing the few was whether the weaponry Korvakk had boasted of actually existed, and if so its location. If it was entirely located on their vessel, the Symbiant riposte would be straightforward. If not, then some casualties could be expected. There was not much time to decide. Rene said that it had always been Axis custom, in disagreements, that if the leader was seen to be inconsistent in their strategy, they could be opposed on the basis of wrongdoing. This was intended to make them think very carefully before taking the masses into deeper conflict. “If you could isolate her and threaten her in a reciprocal way, including a vivid demonstration of your powers, I am sure it would work. All bullies appear to shrink in the face of bigger bullies.” Gsarr wanted to go further, as he felt there was arrogance throughout the Gliese clan. He suggested isolating Korvakk with her closest entourage, thus facilitating the masses to break free from her dictatorial grip, and consider electing a new leader. Yamamoto was back to pragmatic mode. He suggested that a Symbiant delegation was announced to make the second visit to the relay while Korvakk was summoned for the discussion. Not needing suits they could ascend, take the ascent vehicle close to the Gliese vessel, and commandeer it with its alleged weaponry and transmit the reality via technobabble. “If they only have these weapons in orbit they are now seriously undermined. If they don’t we must determine if they have them on the surface before engaging them. I would suggest, in that scenario we promise them the robots to give time to verify this one way or the other.”
Fernando asked, “How do you propose we do that?”
“Simple. Ask Korvakk to lead the discussion on logistics of getting the robots over the rift, then replicate her and we will have the knowledge – no guesswork. Do I have to do all the thinking around here?”
Gsarr liked this plan even more; he had not really known the real Yamamoto. Fernando knew his friend was back to normal and signified this with a broad grin as Yamamoto waited for further approval. This was forthcoming. Even the dissenting Europans preferred this deception and forced replication to potential fatalities, not to mention the inside track it would give them on Gliese knowledge and character.
The plan went very smoothly, and justified the methodology, as the replicant indicated weaponry on the vessel and the surface. The fight for survival in the Gliese system had demanded personal weapons to resist predators. These were small scale versions of the vessel’s concealed laser canons. The replicant of Korvakk, as yet without a name, calmly instructed the clan to demonstrate their peaceful intention by depositing their individual weapons in a neutral area, as their side of the bargain in return for the assembled robots which had been demanded. This heavy cache was impossible for any single Axis to move, so it served as a convincing reality check when Keer lifted it with impunity, and flung it more than half a kilometre out of harm’s way. This was synchronised with the entrance of the real Korvakk, who was under guard. Her replicant retrieved the weapon bundle with consummate ease – illustrating prowess beyond the capabilities of the captive Korvakk. The initial confusion of the masses dissipated. Her days of leadership were over. The one unexpected aspect of this well-rehearsed charade was the resolute desire of the rest of the Gliese to adhere to the plan of migration to the west. They didn’t ask for the robots. They had been disgraced. This produced some tolerance from the others, but Gsarr argued that he would prefer them to leave, and helping them by actually doing the construction would be a small sacrifice. Yamamoto went further, “Why not strip the laser canons from the vessel and allow them to contemplate leaving Nexus altogether?”
It was decided they should have that choice. They respectfully declined, maintaining they had some adjustment to make in order to fit in here; it would be dishonourable to walk away without at least trying to make amends.
Not all who witnessed this humility were convinced.

Chapter 27

The second visit to the relay was prefaced by Pascal 2 disclosing the results of some work he had been conducting, with some of the tissue left over from the Sapients who had volunteered for the convert tests. This work had been a collaborative effort with Doc, the Europan artificial life form. They had been able to replicate and modify cells to kick start a laboratory ‘pregnancy’. The technique allowed further tweaking as the embryonic form developed. It was not a simple clone, more a designer entity. Unlike Doc, it did not produce an inorganic, mobile, artificial intelligence. The result would be an organic individual with latitude for designing in or out enhancements or weaknesses. They could be totally Sapient if required. This was drawn from Axis technology with a cultured transfer to Sapient architecture. In principle, it could be used to boost the numbers of either species as required. It gave new dimension to the balance of population, considering the impending arrival of the Epsilon clan. The technique could theoretically be adjusted for the Indys with more research. At this stage it was only available to Europans and Sapients.
The landing this time deposited three Symbiants, Alex 2 and Red were joined by Keer, and Yamamoto returned the ascent module to dock with Phoenix. They went through the obligatory order of panels without using the platforms until the first LED configuration with simple columns. With all LEDs red, they produced a platform with a replica of the ‘runway’ on the panel. It whisked them to the biggest space yet encountered inside the sphere. It contained a receiver dish for every red light on the panel, some forty in total. They were set out so that any one chosen could be controlled to cross focus with any other. The motion was ongoing and continuous adjustment was registering on the expected holographic display. The matrix of data spewing out of the display was almost beyond the intake capability of the Symbiants. After some acclimatisation they deduced that one tiny part of the three dimensional grid was familiar. They were in agreement, it was the Milky Way. There was no evidence of where any of this data was stored; it could well be that another platform was required to access this, if it existed. The expected robot hologram didn’t appear, suggesting that this was a ‘view only’ facility.
The rest of the panels with columns were replicas of the first one, except they were not the Milky Way sector. There were dozens of these panels. They moved on to the panels with rows rather than columns. There was a departure here, as the platforms only arrived when each row had been adjusted to a particular colour. The space to which they were transported was small, each panel with rows had a specific housing, and arrival was obviously keyed in with the initial colour input which summoned the platform. In other words there was no facility inside the space for compartment-hopping. The data from the dish space was being crunched down to produce summaries or status reports on all sections monitored. There was a robot holographic interface available, presumably to correct errors or adjust drift compared to expectation, and this was presumably the sending arm of the system whereas the dish space was purely a receiving facility. They now wanted to find out which platform would take them to the Milky Way sector. There was no specific clue on how this arrangement was structured, and they regretted not having retained information on the pattern layout in the dish space. Rather than go through trial and error they returned to that space to embed the pattern in their data storage, and then it was easily figured out. Alex 2 remarked that without the convert process they would have captured the data first time, purely out of non-proactive logic protocol. Having the freedom to choose which path to follow would have advantages and disadvantages – it was a mildly thrilling experience to be inefficient and not be concerned about it. The Milky Way sector was accessed via the robot and after scanning the entries going back to the arrival of Phoenix in Nexus orbit they were relieved to find confirmation that events transmitted included the volcanic upheaval, the Virubact attack, and the temporary loss of direct communication with the Symbiants. It also noted this was expected to be temporary – the effect of the disturbance would diminish until a precise point of magnetic flux variance would allow periods of normal contact – one way contact. This was good news and bad news. Their cover had not been compromised, but the clock was ticking toward such revelation. This time constraint had to be factored into their strategy.
When they returned and updated the rest, there was apprehension – what could they possibly do to continue the charade? Rene said it was a crazy idea on the face of it, but could they come up with some reason to continue the two-way system which offered advantage to the Progenitors?
“It does have the merit of appearing to be upfront, but what could be sufficiently interesting to them to want to be kept up to date by input rather than the normal instruction and monitoring?”
Yamamoto blurted out, “Whatever they want to hear.”
Fernando chipped in. “That we are making progress toward the Species 1101 model via this new process Pascal 2 has developed.”
Red joined the half-serious banter. “If we ask them if this is of interest while we are on two-way chats, instead of suggesting it is a good idea, it may be viewed differently.”
Alex 2 agreed but did not think it would wash unless there was some concrete progress to report. “We do not know how long they anticipate the magnetosphere will take to clear but if we simply suggest we are considering a programme, I doubt its curiosity value will be strong enough to justify continuing the current communication aberration, which is being ‘tolerated’ rather than accepted.”
The Symbiant which had been replicated from Korvakk now had a name – Orva.
Orva suggested this was a fuzzy backup plan rather than a positive, risk-assessed means of control. “There are too many parameters outside our sphere of influence involved with such dependence on the outcome. It may be more risky but why not try to hack into the transmission platform for the Milky Way sector? If this is detected, then and only then, mention the Species 1101 project, on the basis that we were requesting permission to send updates on the progress. If the hacking is not detected we can continue to send data we want them to have.”
After some facial expression of endorsement around the group it was heading to consensus, but Alex 2 was shaking his head. “This is a dangerous plan. I accept all of Orva’s concern about the time we may have to learn more, however, one mistake and we could all be gone in the blink of an eye. We should in my opinion set ourselves the task of ‘read only’ activity until we can decipher more about the information exchange before we tamper with anything. By all means let us have all the preparations made for hacking, but refrain from implementation until we understand fully what we are dealing with.”
For once Yamamoto found himself in total agreement with Alex 2, and his support caused a re-think. It ended up as a compromise, with a two week period of observation followed by a review.
The task of attempting to hack into the transmissions would ultimately fall to Red alone. It was considered prudent to have a single ‘script writer’ to keep the style constant and avoid contradictory data being despatched through the ‘cat-flap’. The ‘pre-written’ apology was to be worded in advance of the hacking attempt to minimise panic response upon detection. It was to be conveyed in a matter of fact ‘please yourself’ tone, implying ‘we were just trying to help’.
As the Gliese clan was intent on relocating, and most of the necessary robots needed transport over the rift, this was completed with the ascent modules from both vessels, prior to the hacking trip. It had two advantages – the Phoenix module was free to concentrate on the relay deception entirely, and the remaining robots could now safely resume uncovering the Species 1101 abode complex, with the Gliese gone. That was certainly how it was perceived.
The area chosen by the Gliese had remained relatively unaffected by the volcanic fallout and was protected on three sides by small mountains. The open side was quite fertile and the ecosystem was recovering slowly but steadily. The mountains supplied water and this formed lakes at the open side, with only a narrow gap between each one. Even if there had not been major disagreement between the species, it would have strongly conveyed a choice of military thinking and suitable defensive terrain.
The two week observation period commenced with Red and Alex 2 taking turns to monitor. It was not a question of tiredness; it was because of data overload. The phenomenal amount of data could only be accommodated in shifts of an hour at a time. The one who was not scanning used this time to delete and compress before relieving his partner.
The first really important conclusion came quickly. The incoming transmissions varied in space-time registration from milliseconds to millions of years, representing vast distances. Considering that this relay was literally a primitive outpost, Red computed that the central compilation processing power, if based on the same technology would need to be the size of a medium size stellar object. The structuring and reorganisation of this data flow was assumed to cover all locations on the cosmic holographic image. “Of course, there is no way I am suggesting that a star could be such a host, with all the thermonuclear activity, I am only relating to the space required.”
Alex 2 said, “What about a failed star?”
Silence.
He continued. “There would surely be an intermediate clearing house between the core and the extremities. Can we assess the time it would take for the nearest such possibility by extrapolating back from say, a five hundred year transmission location. This might give us a tentative distance to the nearest clearing house, if one exists.”
The astonishing result matched the orbital distance of this relay to the brown dwarf. When Alex 2 reminded Red that the very first warning to stay clear had been for the brown dwarf, it also brought into perspective that the ‘tiny moon’ was only highlighted by association with Virubacts. They immediately set about calculations of orbital velocity of this relay and its estimated mass. Even allowing for seriously aberrant assumptions there was a discrepancy in gravitational influence of the brown dwarf. It was wildly less dense than it should have been. There was one other useful piece of information to reflect upon. Repeated mention of an era change was dated at almost two billion years ago. This was not fleshed out with detail, merely quoted, especially with old transmissions at around that time. They noted some alteration of the formatting in the archive at around the same period. Prior to the era delineation, there was little descriptive code; it was mostly an enhanced binary referencing structure, expanding to a limited array of sub options. The language itself became more complex after the end of the first era, yet it felt less elegant.
After this information had been stored, taking only three days of the allocated fourteen, they made their way back to discuss the implications.
It wasn’t easy for everyone to grasp exactly what was brewing in the registries of Alex 2 and Red from simply presenting the data, so they continued. Alex 2 said they were both of exactly the same opinion. “We must extend this period of observation as we have only investigated a fraction of the available transmission logs for this one relay, which would appear to be about the simplest type in the entire array of stations, if all the recorded locations are being monitored. We run a grave risk of being underprepared for any response we may trigger from the action we previously agreed to take. I would implore you to weigh up the respective risks, and to help you decide, Red and I would like to remind you that the two-way communication option is not only as a result of the volcanic upheaval. It was offered at the time I underwent the tertiary replication with Daniel Carvalho. This was explained as preparation for merging with the Interference. That did not happen, so we shelved the opportunity until now. Therefore we have the reverse worry. Back then, we were concerned that it might be some kind of trap, now we are scared of losing it because we will be out of a loop. If our theory is correct that the brown dwarf is in fact a massive communication station it may also explain two other things. The declaration that a passing comet will destabilise the orbit of the small relay station has been investigated. The proximity of the specific comet would not be capable of such influence if the brown dwarf was indeed just that – its gravitational hold would be many times the necessary threshold to retain the relay’s orbit. Secondly, the reference to Species 1101 is from a binary sequence. We had not noticed earlier that the holographic robots have a barely legible reference of 0011. Our estimation of the time taken for recent logged transmissions involving replies to Phoenix, match this distance and have this receipt reference. The sender equivalent is 0101. It is possible that the hatch entry is for a species residing in the brown dwarf. There is much supposition in all of this but it underlines that we are dealing with an elaborate network, where mistakes do not seem to be catered for in the design and may not be tolerated.”
Although unintended, this interpretation of the revelations struck fear into the audience, except for Yamamoto. “If you’re right, then the brown dwarf may be moving on soon. Mobile maintenance men – they surely can’t have two permanent stations placed so close together. I agree that we should put more Symbiant resource into data trawling with all urgency. Their role in helping prepare for the Epsilons is nowhere near as important as this.”

Chapter 28

Twenty-two Symbiants were approved via replication and allocated to collect and analyse the data transmission logs within the relay. The reference 0101 cropped up from other locations. However most of the incoming data in the new era was concentrated in the Milky Way sector of the illustrated cosmic display. Even messages arriving which were sent fifty thousand years ago had the new era ratification.
Keer alerted Alex 2 that his monitor had just received a message from what was postulated to be the brown dwarf ‘IP Address’. They in turn alerted Phoenix. No message was received yet on Phoenix and no robot appeared on the relay station. The message was repeated, and this time it was bounced to Phoenix after the relay robot authenticated it. Orva delivered a strange account. “It asks why you did not reply directly, and gives input protocols as it is assumed you have not been able to work them out. The message itself you already have, but it has been repeated here for our benefit as you have failed the first test. You are invited to explain why.”
The message, which was now being frenetically studied by both groups, was not exactly straightforward. ‘The possibilities which exist for the combination of primary particles such as atoms or molecules are virtually infinite. They however, must obey a very limited set of fundamental laws to achieve this. There are also many ways for sub-primary particles to align and interact, but they are also confined by the same kind of regulation. The projections available must be rigorously tested in this critical stage. This transmission makes the next step even more critical, it must not be wasted. You are obliged to reply from the tiny moon.”
The one thing which was obvious about the content was that the sender had not been deceived by anyone or anything to do with the Virubact mask, except in a temporary way. The choice open to them appeared to distil down to asking for clarification on parts of the message, attempting to figure it out without further help, or suggesting a visit to the off-limits brown dwarf. Considering that the first test, whatever that was, had produced failure, it didn’t seem to favour asking for help. They listed what they felt might fit the particle clues with what they had been discussing since they had availed of the two-way communication. They were sure the context had to be within that period. There was the discovery of Species 1101, the discovery by Pascal 2 in producing artificial life and the interest this might register with the Progenitors, and the actual ‘deception’ they had orchestrated with the Liberty Virubact. The only other high-ranking candidate appeared to be the knowledge gained from the relay station, and whether they would be allowed to have it or if they had made the most of it. It was a test – it did not disclose the price of failure, but the language was ominous.
They were approaching panic when Alex 2 calmed the trend. “We were not given a timescale; we now know that that is no longer a factor. It is crucial that we get it right no matter how long it takes. I am reminded of the repeated reinforcement of the message ‘watch out for illogical behaviour’. If we cannot decide on definite evidence for any one option I suggest we consider what would be the most logical next move. That move may only be part of the test. I must confess that we could make a case for any of our short-listed items, but one stands out above the others. We were being watched in the relay station, there were many possible combinations, but there were few laws of logic to progress. Some could be considered primary and some sub-primary, for example, the LEDs and the holograms, or the master codes and the platform controls. None of our other candidates really suggests a test in this way. We figured out the real anomaly of the brown dwarf, but we failed to properly interpret the incoming message which we are now debating. It was meant for those of us already on the relay, as it was not onward transmitted. They expected us to reply from there, and now I am certain they expect us to go to the previously forbidden location.”
His proposal ensured that the panic was far from over. Once again he pleaded for time. “Let us not rush at this, my proposal stands as my most logical choice. It will remain so until someone offers a better one. I will also volunteer to make the visit if we can reach consensus on it.”
The anxiety persisted for several days as they could not be absolutely certain that there was no timescale. They hoped that, as they were being observed, staying away from the relay would be interpreted as ‘working on the problem’.
Red had made an additional observation. The species references were scarce. 1101 for those buried in the canyon, 0011 for the robots, and 0101 for the sender assumed to be in the brown dwarf. That was all they had encountered and it struck him that for a cosmic area the size of the display, and the length of time it had logged data, it was a very small reference system. Four digits with an ‘either or option’ for some reason seemed inadequate. The information so far was also very thin. The canyon dwellers were the optimum ratio of inorganic/organic structure, they became extinct five million years ago and could fly. The robots were photons arranged in a way which simulated or produced sentience. They were presumably the safest way to interact with the stored Virubacts as attempts to infect them could be thwarted by simply switching them off, leaving the invaders without a host. Nothing was known about the senders, species 0101. Red confessed that he thought this supported Alex 2’s conclusion – that they were expected to reply from the relay and request a ‘visa’ for the brown dwarf itself. However, consensus was not reached.
In the meantime Gsarr had insisted they be allowed to unearth more of the abode of Species 1101. The Gliese had elected their new leader. Schakaan was apparently less confrontational than Korvakk, but the clan was still rigidly focussed on the cause of the many, and if necessary, to the exclusion of minorities. Korvakk was far from displaying humility at her fall from grace, indeed she had called in favours to retain a position of office, which although lowly in ranking, gave access to all major decision discussion. One of Schakaan’s first actions was to trade labour to the projects east of the canyon for food and infrastructure, until they became self-sufficient. This was considered to be ill-advised by both Rene and Gsarr.
As the Epsilon vessel was edging closer to 55 Cancri, they were debating exactly when they would disclose their secret. Their three million year survival in Epsilon Eridani had been less successful than that of the Gliese but not as littered with setbacks as the experience of the Europans. However one incident had stood out. Their numbers had gradually dwindled due to zero procreation and attrition from predators, until several thousand years of exclusively cellulose diet had caused mutation of their physical attributes. This source of cellulose, unlike the synthetic variety, contained trace quantities of bio-toxins. Over the millennia this caused further losses, prior to natural resistance being built up at the expense of grotesque disfigurement. The only upside was that these survivors were much stronger, and natural predators were eventually discouraged. Technical breakthrough similar to that which had been engineered on Mars, to restore procreative ability had not been as successful with them, because of rejection rates. Nevertheless, some headway had been made even though the offspring were, like the parents, almost unrecognisable as Axis.
Korvakk still had supporters of the brinkmanship that she had demonstrated, even though it had led to her removal as leader. They were few, but fanatical in their belief that compromise was weakness and strength was paramount. She also knew from experience that if the bluff she tried had been successful, it would have emphatically consolidated her position. Success was everything. With this in mind she enthusiastically supported Schakaan’s labour for food policy, and convinced him that only the individuals with incorruptible character should be exposed to the temporary life style of the Easterners. Schakaan agreed and asked her to handle the details, as he had pressing issues to deal with, particularly the planning of the first city in their new homeland. This was, for Korvakk, an opportunity not to be missed.
The prodigious efforts of the Indys had revealed a different perspective of the living habits of Species 1101, but there was no evidence of a lavish or sophisticated lifestyle. The dwellings were Spartan and functional, they were pretty uniform in design, devoid of architectural flair. It was difficult to comprehend why the Progenitors had ranked them so highly, and there was almost a credibility gap – that such humble existence was accompanied by the ability of interplanetary travel, especially two million years before the Axis emerged to bestride Nexus as a truly intelligent society. Keer offered one possible explanation. “They may have poured everything into the escape from the now non-existent inner planet, and viewed Nexus as a temporary sanctuary. We know the red crystal was here then. If there was early contact, and the Progenitors may have got their information that way, their focus may have been governed by this interaction.”
If he was correct, there should be some evidence. The alternative way to check it out was to ask Species 0101 whenever they did engage them via the relay. The Indy interest in this was bordering on obsession, and they began, through Gsarr, to campaign for an early contact with the brown dwarf ‘senders’.
The Epsilons opted for a visual transmission to accompany the explanation of their disturbing appearance. This was received philosophically by Symbiants and Sapients alike. However, the Europans and particularly the Indys were emotionally damaged by the degree of suffering which was implied by their disfigurement. It added to the recent disappointment over the attitude of the Gliese, and the arrival would be even less upbeat than either of the previous two. The Gliese didn’t yet know of this, as the message sent to their vessel was picked up by Symbiants maintaining a curfew on board – the relations were still strained despite the veneer of cooperation. Their reaction to this sad revelation would be interesting.
It seemed that Alex 2 had been correct; there was apparently no time pressure to reply to Species 0101. The apprehension was gradually being supplanted with a desire to reach a decision on not only how, but when to proceed. In the meantime, the Gliese labour force, which had been hand-picked by Korvakk’s lieutenants numbered over eighty individuals. Three immediate subordinates of the former leader were the only ones entrusted with the plan. They were so fanatical in their loyalty that they readily agreed to be martyrs in achieving it. This was convenient for Korvakk, as it not only guaranteed her insulation from blame, it would go some way in proving she had been right all along. During the course of helping prepare the Epsilon accommodation, the three conspired to infect over half of their own labour force with a killer Virubact from the canyon. They perished themselves in this suicide pact. The rest of the labourers were disposed to fleeing, but Schakaan vetoed their return, quoting the needs of the many. This stand-off gave Korvakk the platform to volunteer to ask Pascal 2 for all possible help in saving her kin, by conferring the immunity she had denied to them before she was deposed. This act of mercy was seen as the optimum tolerance of protecting the majority and using diplomacy to extend compassion to the minority. The fact that Pascal 2 was only able to save eleven was largely irrelevant. Those eleven were her grateful enclave in the Eastern province and she had usurped statesmanship from Schakaan while remaining loyal to him. Her stock was on the rise again.
This episode had caused a hiatus in just about all activities. The Indys had temporarily registered the canyon off limits. The Epsilon dwellings had been turned into a mini-hospital to prevent the spread of infection to those who were still clear, and the debate on all things brown dwarf was postponed.

Chapter 29

The Eastern province dwellers felt it would be unfair to allow the Epsilons to arrive then become victim of whatever fate awaited failure of the second test. They decided to proceed. The cured Gliese got wind of this and one of them passed the information back to Korvakk. She created a spurious visit to check up on the welfare of the informants and questioned the wisdom of such a precarious act. She had recovered her old confidence to intimidate. Her threat was delivered as if it had come from Schakaan. “We consider this highly irresponsible and demand reconsideration. This unilateral action on your part would be construed as indirect aggression and would force our leader into counter-action. He is aware of our lack of firepower but we have other means of sustaining aggressive response, and in any case, that risk could well be less serious than that which you could precipitate. I need an answer from you before I return.”
It was interpreted as an empty threat and summarily dismissed. This played into Korvakk’s hands. The proposed action by the Eastern province was, until now unknown to Schakaan, and he urged calm. Korvakk publicly presented the new leader’s treacherous informant, who swore the information had been sent to Schakaan and implied he must have kept it from the rest of the clan. Korvakk seized on the consequent unrest and led protest against the Schakaan administration. She prefaced the rebellious demand by declaring that under no circumstances would she return to power. “I am happy to serve in any strong government of our clan, but only in advisory capacity. However, I believe we must recover our honour, and stop ‘sleeping with the forces of anarchy’. A time such as this requires a consolidated response, not one of mere protest.”
She was accorded support verging on hysteria. Schakaan was considered to have committed a worse crime than that which caused Korvakk’s resignation. He was deposed and required to carry out a community function without any privileges, and it was a sentence without any specified end.
Whilst these rumblings did convey some concern, the visit to the relay was made. As previously planned Red would make the transmission with Alex 2 looking on. The holographic robot was summoned and the interface allowed it to be employed as an editor programme. The reply was phrased as alternate questions and statements. ‘We were unaware that you knew of the accident whereby the replicated Virubact took partial control of Symbiants. Why did you not react? The only way we appear to have been affected is in being even more proactive. Do you see this as a disadvantage? Sapients, Europans and Indys have willingly undergone this symbiotic process without unwanted side effects. Does this surprise you? There appears to be a beneficial side to cooperation with what we have named Liberty, it gives absolute immunity from all other strains we have encountered. How does this reconcile with your statement that they are the secondary foe? You are aware of our conclusion that you are located in the brown dwarf. Can we obtain your permission to visit what has previously been stated as forbidden territory?’
The wait was a nervous one for those still on the surface. There was a furious activity period involving the robot and then the response came.
‘There was no reaction initially as it was an accidental replication. Being more proactive can be reversed, it is not seen as problematical at this time. The lack of side effects in both organic and predominantly inorganic species would have been surprising millions of years ago, but not now. The immunity described which you claim has come from this advanced Virubact is beneficial to that organism, and it may not always be so. Virubacts are still considered as a threat in general, but differences have emerged. The Continuance may visit this location but not others’.
Red asked one more question. ‘What is the significance of the various species to whom you have ascribed reference codes?’
The reply was instant. ‘This will be explained during your visit’.
They returned and expected a relieved welcoming committee. There had been acts of sabotage on the Epsilon accommodation, and the ‘cured’ Gliese labourers denied involvement. The news from Alex 2 and Red was hailed as promising, but the Eastern province dwellers were a little preoccupied with the Western acts of provocation.
All Symbiants were to be posted on ‘terror alert’ except Alex 2, Red and Pascal 2. Keer was in nominal command with Orva providing insight into the historical mental gymnastics which characterised Korvakk’s thinking. The Indys were incensed and were teetering on generating their own response. Rene pleaded with them to allow the neutrality of the Symbiants to handle the situation for the present. “We do not want to escalate this into a species rift. There is good evidence that the cured Gliese labourers are telling the truth, and indeed some of them want to remain here. Let us review this objectively and regularly.”
The Indys were placated for now.
Red remarked to Alex 2, “I would like to pay one more visit to the relay before we embark on the brown dwarf journey.”
“Why is that?”
“Well, we did not stop to investigate why the robot was so uncharacteristically active – which we have never observed before. I would like to see if we can find out why.”
They arrived at the robot editing programme again but found nothing unusual. Returning to the ‘read only’ section there were terabytes of new data, all of it referring to the discovery of the symbiotic relationship with the Virubact. This posting had been coded to be accessible by all locations. “That must be the explanation,” said Red, “and it implies that it is worthy of sending to all parts of the Cosmos. I believe this may indeed be a turning point in our relationship with our designers.”
Alex 2 nodded, but his expression was circumspect.
The same duo was to make the trip to the brown dwarf, and they made preparations immediately. All was quiet on the Western front, primarily because the good news about the visit being authorised did not fit with the agenda of Korvakk, so she spent her energy on helping to organise yet another leadership election. This time she was not distanced from the power base as she was when she was deposed. Her influence would be pervasive and the probability of a puppet leader was considerable. It at least allowed the Indys to resume their excavations yet again. The departure of Alex 2 and Red almost went unnoticed; Rene, Fernando and Yamamoto were the only ones who turned up to wish them well.
The weeks passed and although regular messages came from the approaching Epsilon vessel, and both pregnant Sapient females had given birth successfully, no real updates were received from Alex 2 and Red. The bulletins only mentioned the masses of data they were currently presented with and their task of vetting and deleting irrelevant items to keep sufficient space for critical content.
The new leader of the Gliese had been ceremoniously installed. It was no real surprise that it was a known confidant of Korvakk. Tuncazz was also female and owed her previous ascent in rank to Korvakk, just as much as this one. The first task of Tuncazz was to cleanse the inner sanctum of the more liberal-minded members. There would be no repeat of the Schakaan disaster. The replacements were promised ownership of cultivated land in a new directive, specifically declaring that all ties with the Eastern province must be severed. This included the cured labourers who had survived the infection.
At last some definitive information came from Alex 2. Species 0101 (the brown dwarf residents), were indeed the maintenance entities. In addition to this relay, they had many more to service throughout the Milky Way galaxy. They were ‘middle management’. They had almost reached their authority limit once this visit was terminated. They referred frequently to Species 0001, the real decision makers, and several levels of approval awaited the Symbiants before they could be approached. As well as establishing criteria to achieve such a lofty invitation, there was the question of distance. To that end, the gradual ascent of the disclosure pyramid would have to suffice for now, which could infer thousands of years. The most crucial piece of the transmission was kept until last. ‘We have established via Species 0101, beyond any doubt, that the successful symbiotic relationship with Liberty is the first on record. It had previously been theorised as being possible, but always failed. The fact that we have made this breakthrough signifies new promise and the data we will bring back will enable many new opportunities. The discovery was not entirely due to our own research or the guidance tests that were set for us. Even though the final result came as an accident we were credited with the probability that we would have eventually got there. The exposure of the Virubact was a calculated risk on their part. The brown dwarf will be withdrawn from this location when the orbits of the planetary bodies have reached a ‘finite’ stage. The ‘stable orbits’ which we have observed still have an element of decay and some further accretion of gravitation is being finessed. This will take more than a hundred years. There is still a lot of data which we have to sift through before our return’.
The new arrivals – Anna-Severine’s daughter and Eva Ryan’s twins – a male and a female, at least increased the ratio of child-bearing potential a little. The question of infection came up, and it was considered to be too risky to subject babies to the Liberty immunity. Pascal 2 began researching the pattern of replication of this Virubact. He found that in the organic species a remarkable harmony had been established. Both the Indys and Sapients had experienced balance. Liberty had synchronised its rate of replication to the death and regeneration of cells. This metronomic balance removed the need for the Virubact to seek a new host until a crisis arose in the existing one. By contrast, the Europans, because of their evolution of scaly carcases and therefore minimal change, had inherited a virtual time bomb. Their engineered physiology, with only the essential nodes retaining organic dependence, posed a problem for Liberty. Matching the very low replication rate was dangerous for them. Over time the Virubact would become threatened, and this, coupled with the host’s near immortality would ultimately wreck the coalition. Liberty would need to jump species, leaving the host vulnerable again. The Symbiants were somewhere between the two extremes. Although they did not have the perfectly predictable algorithm of Sapient or Indy cell replacement, they did have deletion and receipt of new data which, although not uniform, happened frequently. This mimicking of cellular death and creation was presently sufficient for a stable partnership, and there was an increasing trend to help cement the symbiosis. More research was needed, but there was one serious downside to the deceptively perfect relationship with the organics. The shedding of ‘dead’ cells was accompanied by matched Virubact content. This spread of infection to hosts or alternatively, the new horizon for Liberty, depending on the vantage point, would be random and uncontrolled. This must have been what Species 0101 had meant when it was stated that the Virubact was benign, until such time as the benefit to them evaporated.
When Alex 2 and Red did return they had one more conundrum for everyone to contemplate. The message which paraphrased the contrast between the myriad of combinations possible and the very few laws governing them, had not applied solely to the photonic entry puzzles for the relay station. It was a general principle of the Cosmos and also referred to potential progression through the ranks of disclosure of the Progenitors. Red was certain that this was particularly but not exclusively pertinent to the optimum ‘shape’ of sentience which they would foster. “It may not be what we want to hear, but the implication is that just like the Cosmos, some things can happen, others cannot. In this aspect of progression the relationship of sentience, inorganic/organic ratio, mobility and longevity must be seen as characteristics which must obey the laws, and not as Progenitors’ inflexible, imposed, design criteria. There is no alternative. In a cosmic perspective, we are reminded of this inflexibility. Collisions between galaxies and stars, black holes tearing stars apart are all ordained from the point of their formation. Only a few elements of this design can be influenced. That reminds me Fernando, I need to speak with you about black holes.”
The threat of all manner of punishments which could have been handed down from the brown dwarf visit had receded and this had taken some steam out of Korvakk’s guerrilla campaign. It was being manipulated in a new way. A ‘racist’ dichotomy was being peddled with respect to the disfigured Epsilons. This affront to the Eastern province dwellers replaced the brown dwarf, as fuel to fan the flames, and the Gliese hierarchy paraded this as infringement of their freedom. They had every right to promote quarantine of the newcomers until they were cleared of passing on this ‘plague of regression’. The Easterners were relentlessly portrayed as irresponsible appeasers. Korvakk’s plan was to raise the anger to the point of civil war. At the zenith of the tension, orchestrated to coincide with the actual arrival, concessions would be necessary on each side. The inaugural welcome meeting was already scheduled to take place in orbit, as it had with the Gliese. Under the cloak of an uneasy cooperation, a Gliese contingent could slip away and regain control of their vessel, with its weaponry. The balance of power would shift sufficiently to negotiate sectarian agreements.
 
Chapter 30

The strategy of Korvakk had worked so far, albeit in the name of Tuncazz. The moment was upon them. The Epsilon vessel had dropped out of QSD and was nearing orbit insertion. Last minute talks were taking place to secure the mirage of unanimity for the benefit of the arriving Epsilon clan. Korvakk played a very strong card with perfect timing. She advised Tuncazz to make the gesture of repatriation of the cured labourers, if they wished to return to their clan. She had written a speech for Tuncazz. “It would give us a chance to study the benefits of the Liberty treatment first hand, instead of simply relying on your statements of low risk. We are not blind to consideration of progress, but we do not blindly accept that progress defined by the views of others will fulfill that definition. We realise we have to shift our resistance a little, and we hope you will reciprocate by adjusting your expectations of our reticence on ‘remedies’ which have no fully documented history of safety. In this spirit we agree to attend the reception of the Epsilon clan and suspend our concerns to hear their explanation on the real reason for the late disclosure of their mutation. We have an open mind to evaluate this, as we believe you should have. An open mind means that concern for the incomers is balanced by protection for the majority. That is all we ask.”
It was convincing, mainly because the Easterners knew they had been talking from a position of weakness for weeks already. They had merely abandoned the huff and puff bravado and found a face-saving route to avoid being totally ostracised. It was a commercial ploy as much as it was a political posture. This eleventh hour relaxation of tension achieved the objective of taking the Easterners off guard. The delegations set off for the formal orbital appointment. Korvakk had heard through her spies that, infection concern for the Sapients’ children and any future Indy or Europan offspring, had led to hermetically sealed habitat units being produced aboard Phoenix. They were for emergency situations. She advised Tuncazz to ask for an opportunity to see them before they all set off to the incoming Epsilon vessel. They expressed well-rehearsed enthusiasm. Tuncazz delivered a plausible request to have Gliese engineers study the units and possibly adapt the specifications to suit their vessel. A specific date was not mentioned, but in the ‘spirit of things’ it was seen as mutual progress. The trap was set.
The visual confessions of the Epsilons had been carefully selected. The reality was much more disturbing. Not only were the samples the least grotesque in appearance, they did not reflect the disability which had been inflicted. Even the leader was only able to walk by dragging and twisting one leg, which in itself translated into a contortion of the spine and a throwback action of the head. The prepared written transmissions had disguised the discordant phonetic corruption of the language. Added to this was the anticipated natural drift of the dialect, and all in all it made verbal communication impossible for the present. The shock was tangible. The difference in the resulting emotion from this bombshell was not easily recognised. The Gliese was one of fighting recoil, the rest were steeped in compassion and something the Epsilons did not want – pity.
Written symbols were hurriedly prepared to offer the welcome sentiment. They were politely accepted by the leader, whose designation was written as Dravekk. Because of the communication difficulty, some of the planned formalities had to be shortened and others re-scheduled for another time. One such example was a visit to Phoenix. The Epsilons were anxious to make landfall. They explained at this late stage, that it was largely due to this handicap that their progress and precision with the manufacture of the city ship had been so far behind schedule. Dravekk proudly dispensed more positive claims, via pre-prepared scrolls. ‘Our thinking capability has improved significantly, almost inversely proportional to our physical disability. That is why we have been able to design and improve on conceptual things such as data transmission. You may well be surprised how much we will contribute in this respect. We will earn our place in our society’.
The descent was prefaced by disclosure of the detail in the happenings since the arrival of Phoenix. Dravekk painfully scribbled a barely legible comment. ‘Three million years produces more than enough opportunity for self-deceit. Having declined that temptation ourselves we often find it to be emotionally difficult to expose others to over-rigorous judgement. We introduce kindness into the equation and present the most acceptable components of the overall truth. You have just confirmed this by what you have now ‘confessed’. I am sure this was done to avoid disappointing us so far into the pilgrimage.’
Yamamoto was sure he could detect a smile through the twisted facial features. He reflected the sentiment and thought, ‘I think I’m going to like this individual’.
The inspection of the accommodation was the catalyst to fire up the lachrymatory glands. The emotion was apparently so powerful because this journey had been much more demanding for the Epsilon clan than the others. Their perception of adequate space was significantly different, courtesy of their mutation. They were overcome and overjoyed to claim their residence.
The only real sour note to emerge during this first encounter was the explanation of the memorial at the centre of Renewal. The space designated for their version of a phoenix to complete the triangle was met with a wellspring of pride. The further revelation of the pyramid of spheres and the assisted suicide left them in deep shock. They could have buckled in the same way after the mutation they suffered in Epsilon Eridani, but their presence on Nexus showed that they did the opposite. That was why the definition of the suggested phoenix meant so much to them. The additional detail that the assistance for suicide was volunteered by the Gliese, produced only furtive glances between the Epsilons, but the implied disapproval was transparently betrayed by dark colour display. They moved on quickly to see the food production and other infrastructure projects. The Indys were proud to present their relic and relate the story of Species 1101. The Liberty pact was explained in detail and the whole relationship with the Progenitors was too much for them to take in right now. They responded enthusiastically to Pascal 2 suggesting he could fix their voice apparatus quite simply. He would in time tempt them with further corrective surgery.
The mass descent with their belongings was scheduled for the following day, and provided perfect cover for Korvakk’s plan to occupy their own vessel. By being part of the activity along with Europans and Indys, they reminded everyone that they wanted to re-inspect the Phoenix hermetically sealed units with their engineers and then make a blueprint for transferring the concept to their vessel. They were given access to their own ascent module to avoid impacting the ‘removal crews’. With no Symbiants involved and the more suspicious minded Indys on the surface, permission was nominally given by Fernando. He was preoccupied with getting the new arrivals settled as quickly as possible.
The resumption in discussion between Red and Fernando attracted interest from Rene and Yamamoto. It was not only black holes themselves he wanted to discuss but their relationship in the wider cosmic context. He had known of Fernando’s conversation with Yamamoto some time ago and wanted to bring new perspective to his ideas. This was partly due to data from the brown dwarf and the new facilitation from there, as a result of squeezing through the second test. He prefaced the discussion by referring back to the species designations of 0001, 0101, 0011 and 1101. “These are the only ones we currently know of, but even though the reference system itself only allows for a finite number and despite its flexibility to extend the system itself, we must realise that there have been literally millions of interactions with species which did not make the grade. These types are recorded in a separate archive and have transient reference codes to reflect their promise and subsequent failure. Only the ones who graduate are ascribed the permanent code. This can be for ability and/or stability. Intellectual progress is not the sole arbiter of promise.”
They looked confused, but he pressed on. “Your musings about what happens at the event horizon are interesting. Referring to the Milky Way galaxy itself, it is known that at some time it will collide with the Andromeda galaxy. This is an example of preordained destiny at the point of creation. Individual stars such as binaries and neutron stars as you know can have the same irreversible destiny. Blue stragglers were considered to be anomalous until it was realised that the higher luminosity, mass and temperature had been caused by collision and merging of two other stars. When two super massive black holes at the centre of merging galaxies collide there is likely to be the anticipated jet expelled from the process. As well as the destructive violence which ensues, there is a strong possibility of triggering a burst of new star formation.”
Yamamoto was becoming impatient. “Red, we already know all of this theory and observation, where is it leading to?”
“The new star formation geometry is one of the few ways in which the destiny of the region can be changed or influenced. These jets produce high levels of radiation, especially X-rays and Gamma-rays. The important considerations we now have to grasp are firstly, the equations we so dearly want to balance already take into account this radiation, and still there is not balance. Secondly, as we witness these jets, we are acknowledging an overturning of what would normally be ascribed as destiny. At some point the event horizon, within our current understanding, fails to define all parameters. Energy of some kind is still required to satiate the craving for balance. Perhaps we can work together on Fernando’s suggestion of cleavage at or near the event horizon.”
The intended discussion did not materialise. News reached them of the Gliese deception. Within a short time Tuncazz appeared with her entourage and enlightened them with the demand to surrender the hand weapons. The threat of the orbital lasers aboard their vessel was demonstrated by turning a few gigantic rocks into vapour. Compliance followed quickly and the Gliese contingent then instructed the Epsilon vessel to evacuate. Once on the surface the Epsilons saw the vessel targeted by the lasers. It disappeared, and fear escalated rapidly. The lasers then consumed many of the huddled creatures on the surface. The next few moments were surreal, Alex 2’s flirtation with merging with the Interference was imposed, and he turned his gaze skyward. The Gliese vessel disappeared. Before they could brandish the surface weapons, the remaining Gliese evaporated. They were no more, but not subtracted – the lesson of their existence was not to be deleted. Alex 2 was in a daze. All he remembered was masses of data running through his registry and the feeling of being a conduit. He had no recall of thinking about what was actually happening.
The Epsilon ranks had been reduced to similar levels as the Europans. The lone vessel in orbit was Phoenix. The reality had not yet become reality for any but the Symbiants, who knew this was one example of the new facilities which had been bestowed as a result of the brown dwarf visit. It would be some days before any return to meaningful conversation, and even longer to resume plans for Renewal.

Chapter 31

Somehow Alex 2 had avoided inclusion of the small band of Gliese labourers in the Interference action; he thought it may have been due to their conversion. For the first time the Symbiants were the species with the highest number of individuals. The Indys were next, then the Epsilon, Europans, Sapients, and Gliese, in that order. The more important statistic was that the planet and the Progenitors were now dependent on only a handful of potential contributors to their respective programmes in this region.
The jury was out on the merits of Alex 2’s unconscious intervention. The views were split within every species, even the Symbiants. The pros based their support on the ‘moral’ nature of the action, and that at least the ‘disconnect’ from higher authority had been plugged. The ‘cons’ expressed the concern that having a changed master does not free the slave. The disagreement was not vehement, it was rational and healthy. It became the beacon of returning to practical chores and social harmony. It really was the last chance saloon.
Dravekk had survived and picked up Pascal 2’s invitation to have the rest of the clan fitted with new voice box technology. This was a real step forward in social interaction. Of the many projects which had gone on to the back burner, the most controversial was the current research in which Pascal 2 had discovered a new route to creation of ‘artificial life’. As this potential was most applicable initially to Sapients and Indys, they were the most vociferous. There were more negative than positive views, until Red regurgitated his previous lecture with a different slant. “We must try to separate the issues of moral and practical orientation. You know that the Symbiants are split on the judgement of the conduit to the Interference. This is only because we have retained the pro-activity conferred by Liberty. It could so easily have been deleted. We embrace it. Your moral values and obsession with purpose are similarly prioritised. They are essentially a by-product of some forms of sentience. Where they are incompatible with the laws of physics they will be overridden. In this sense your discrimination between natural disasters and a force such as the Progenitors, is illogical. The former is considered to be a great pity but the latter is apportioned blame. Like monogamy, religious belief, social welfare etc, they are institutions in which relevance ultimately exists and is entirely dependent upon the species continually dodging cosmic bullets, whoever fired them. We, the Continuance have recently come to appreciate these qualities, but they are still sandcastles at the mercy of the tide. This is not an appetising thought, yet if it is not respected, everything has been for nothing. The creation of artificial Sapients or Indys does challenge your beliefs; it does not have to offend them. I ask you, what is the difference between intelligent robots and a life form created by fertility drugs? You accept both. Pascal 2’s creation is somewhere in between. We, as primarily inorganic entities feel the robots are not given the same consideration by you as from ourselves, yet we still try to understand your persistent clinging to emotional values. Can’t you be persuaded to look on such creations as just another life form, whose development will be fascinating?”
Red was at least pleased that he was not shouted down but did not feel that he had dispelled what amounted to fear of the unknown. He had failed to capture the spirit of climbing a mountain purely because it was there. He would try again another time.
Meanwhile Alex 2 was preparing for another visit to the brown dwarf. He asked Fernando, Yamamoto and Rene if they would like to join Red and himself. A later visit would be offered to Gsarr, Dravekk and the new leader of the Gliese six. The invitation was accepted even though they knew it would be exclusively a spectator brief; that was all Species 0101 would allow.
At least there was now far more infrastructure than was needed to support the small population. This gave more time to plan interactive learning centres. Sharing values had become a critical component of rekindling the ‘boldness to go where no one had been before’. Just as time was credited as a great healer, it would prove to be a catalyst for the small group. It was the opposite effect to that on large groups, which became unwieldy and impatient when faced with inertia.
The Epsilon phoenix had gone with the vessel and was re-crafted, taking its place in the triangle. It was of course symbolic, but the decision to erect it was accorded similar importance to that of not removing the Gliese version. It was based upon the struggle to get here rather than dwell on why things went wrong. A lesson for future generations, if there was to be any.
This brown dwarf visit would provide a chance to inquire a little into the swiftness of action on removing the Gliese threat. Apart from the divergent views expressed on why, there was the small matter of the assumed time frame of observance, evaluation and formula for resolution of the scenario. It certainly implied that they were ‘living under a microscope’. This was not a new sense of intrusion, rather one of concern over detail, especially when the Progenitors were reputedly disinterested in such petty squabbles. Alex 2 decided he would leave this inquiry until the end of the session. He opened with the different level of symbiosis of Liberty with each species, and what it could mean if left unchecked. The response demanded more precision in the question. When Alex 2 had detailed the near perfect tuning with organics, and adapted balance for data load and scarcity for the Symbiants, he was interrupted. The implication was considered to be obvious. It was simply one of determining which route to take. The rules of advancement would not change, but could accommodate optimised promise, whether that was organic or inorganic, with or without Liberty, or hybrid situations of both. The arbiters would be the capacity gradient of intellectual advancement and stability. The emphasis was on the former, but without a certain level of stability it would not qualify for upgrading. Alex 2 believed the wording contained a cautionary note about the Virubact route.
This led to a long discussion on those promising species which fell by the wayside. Once more the replies were mired in generality. No individual species would be commented upon, as there were millions of them, and only trends were important. Again Alex 2 detected a subliminal content – the recent gain in status of the Nexus group as a whole was in some way directly linked to the bemoaned disasters of recent times. Although these horrendous events were experienced within a range from unfortunate to intolerable, some clarity of direction had emerged. This was ‘normal’. Many other topics were raised; some did not generate a reply, others were dealt with patiently.
The issue of Alex 2’s role as conduit was obviously a sensitive one if judged purely by the ‘hard disk access time’. The reply was worded more like a political deflection than a technical explanation. ‘Taking advantage of enabled functions is new for you. It is in reality not much different from the communication change from one way to two way participation. Each qualifying situation is evaluated on significance, urgency and ratio of perception’.
Analysis of this allowed Alex 2 to visualise the sequence of events, which at the time he could only feel. He now understood that it was his own frenetic assessment of the Gliese aggression, including retaliatory force which alerted the hierarchy. They had not been spying on the mundane domestic altercation. His surge of prioritising a response did interrogate all of his systems including the residual Interference architecture. That, coupled with the new upgraded promise function, was conveyed as critical, to the brown dwarf. Then he had become the conduit for processing the outcome. The addendum to this was assurance that some degree of restraint or even efficiency in executing the outcome would accrue with practice and further upgrading.
As they prepared to leave, Yamamoto’s pre-prepared question was registered via Alex 2’s technobabble. “Can we see your species either in reality or as a projection?”
Instant response followed. “Not at your current phase of progress.”
This was anticipated. “When can we expect a new test?”
A slightly longer pause prevailed. “You will know when.”
This was not quite what was anticipated. “We are now a small band of disparate species, will it be within the lifetime of Sapients?”
Instant response returned. “You have the potential of variable lifetime. Please be more precise.”
Yamamoto decided to wait until the next visit for Alex 2 to answer this. Fernando had his turn via Red. “We have some observational data and some theoretical notions about black holes or singularities, which represent the breakdown point of understanding of those few laws to which you often refer. If we overlay the message from the Continuance that the Progenitors are engaged in preserving balance, we need clearer interpretation of boundaries such as event horizons.”
“That is not a question. It is an accurate statement.”
Yamamoto thought, ‘Fernando, you wily young fox!’
Red continued, “Sorry, I suppose my question is - will we ever be able to achieve this by scientific observation or experiment?”
“If you have to ask this question you are not prepared for the answer.”
He persisted. “This is what I meant by clearer interpretation. You refer to the answer rather than an answer. Should I read significance into that?”
“You already have.”
Fernando also wanted to return to this subject after more discussion with Red.
Rene wanted to know if there was another species in the hierarchical order, between them – designation 0101 and the previously mentioned Species 0001. The reply to Alex 2 was affirmative. No further dialogue was permitted.
They left and were now sufficiently motivated to restore think-tank sessions.
The Indys had unearthed the outline of a massive structure. They conceded that the robots had served their purpose; the final work would have to be done in painstaking steps and by hand. The Epsilons needed little convincing to embrace Liberty, even though the prognosis was of a temporary useful symbiosis. It was felt to be important to have immunity for that length of time while alternatives were studied. Two of their number had volunteered for spinal correction research. Improvements in procreation potency and altered genetic code would have to wait.
The Nexus-born Sapients were transferred with their mothers to Phoenix for a period, until new classifications had been completed for the deeper rocks exposed by the Indys. The ‘esprit de corps’ was returning in some measure, considering the drastic pruning which had been suffered.
Nexus was not only experiencing a cohesive philosophy for the first time since the arrival of Phoenix, it was changing because of the recovery of indigenous flora and fauna, which were busy transforming the landscape. The connections between flying, crawling, climbing and stationary DNA was re-weaving the food chain again. The exponential section of the curve was approaching. As yet there was no evidence of large predators, but they had not explored much of the planet. Like all extinction events, the demise of some species created opportunity for others. The water sources were crucial in this re-birth and in this respect the robots were very useful in connecting some of these life-giving conduits. The ecosystem had been marginalised in the minds of the various Nexus inhabitants throughout the recent drama. Sudden reminders that there would again be seasonal variation to contend with, drove home the point that their comfort zone was still some way off.
The recently abandoned programmes of mineral acquisition and chemical plants were revisited and injected with new purpose. It was tempting to annex all the ethereal stuff of cosmic balance and just take what comes, but they knew it was a temporary retreat.

Chapter 32

Eighteen months of regenerative effort had seen certain milestones passed. One of the most important was the confidence to allow Liberty interaction with the Sapient children and their permanent return to surface living.
Eva Ryan was pregnant again, as was Rene, whose own birth on Mars had been a big contributing factor to any of the current population being domiciled on Nexus. The Axis custom of a female procreating with many partners still prevailed, and yet she was the only Europan to be in the family way. The opposite was true for the Indys; many new arrivals had been welcomed. The Epsilons had concentrated on surgical procedures to correct disfigurement and were only now ready to consider further restoration of their procreative ability. The remaining Gliese inhabitants were all males, so they could only really rely upon their relative longevity to maintain a presence or pursue Pascal 2’s route to laboratory creation. It had not been mentioned because of the recent history.
This had been, by contrast, an ongoing debate for Sapients and Indys. The latter had just passed a resolution that they would not participate. The Sapients were still divided over the issue and the discussion had taken a new twist. Those in favour questioned whether it had to be a group consensus or if there was room for individual choice. It was Yamamoto who thrust this wedge into the polite and somewhat restrained forum. He admitted he was arguing from both practical and conceptual standpoints. “I confess that I’m never likely to have a life partner. That would, under normal circumstances mean I’ll never have offspring except by the ‘anonymous’ insemination pool we agreed. Anna-Severine’s child could be the daughter of any of our limited number of males. We decided not to know that, as building up our numbers should not suffer such emotional identity. By allowing an individual’s template to be studied and matched in a limited way, in the design of a new entity, goes some way to redressing the emotional vacuum. It doesn’t have to be a forever declaration, and can be reviewed regularly. It would provide a valuable means of realising or dispelling some of the concerns we have about such a departure for our species. It may be the only means to end the perennial debate, as the positions have become entrenched, and resolution is unlikely unless something changes.”
He didn’t really expect support, even from another pro-campaigner. When Fernando endorsed the idea, and further asked the rest to at least invite the only other totally artificial being – Doc, to relate his experience from the opposite view, the lock-jam surprisingly broke. They would talk to Pascal 2.
The Indys had uncovered a keystone in the upper arch of their excavation. About a metre to the side was another stone which had been cut very precisely to fit into an aperture of some half a metre square. They decided to see if they could carefully loosen it and lever it out. The precarious task was several days long, but yielded a chamber which potentially could save a lot of digging. It was quite large, maybe twenty metres by ten, and had a chute leading down to a mezzanine. Here they encountered more inscriptions and despatched a messenger to request Symbiant help in translation.
Red was not too happy to break out of the think-tank, however the others requested a break, as they were still mired in coming up with a better theory than Fernando’s to explain the event horizon puzzle. The inclusion of star destruction followed immediately by the process of new birth and the merging of super massive black holes only compounded the problem. If both dark matter and dark energy had sources of renewal, they would in theory be the driving force of changing the balance. They would have to know more about the ratios of destruction and renewal of each, in order to progress their comprehension. It was becoming a circular cerebral routine. The Symbiants were unusually frustrated, even in their proactive mode they did not avail of this link.
Red arrived at the dig. Within minutes he contacted Alex 2 and asked him to join them. There were many inscriptions, most dealing with information they had already gleaned from the original relic, but this was in great detail. All attention was focussed on the claim that there was some kind of portal in a region on the other side of the planet. The dating of the inscription was older than the relic and the region was not known to the Indys, primarily because of their confinement by the Ebexx. The coordinates were recorded and surrounding topography was advanced enough to confirm that these entities were masters of aerial transportation. The portal had a reference but in peculiarly obscure descriptive symbols. It was vaguely like a yellow omega with ‘ingrown’ green spikes of variable length. There was a hint of 3D perspective, as if the spikes were not travelling toward a central point, but diverging at different angles outside the planar omega. A new puzzle often takes the mind out of its circular tether. It was hoped that this would be the case with Omega, as the project had been christened.
The fever for following the trail to this portal was contagious in the extreme, but they agreed to send a delegation with the ascent module, and essential tasks would be continued as before. The delegates were easily nominated and accepted for all species except the Indys. Even Gsarr’s gesture to forego his right to lead their contingent made little difference. They would organise a contest to ensure the deserving ones prevailed, and waved away protestations from the others about timescale, as the data had been buried already for millions of years. It was testimony to the more tolerant society that this was accepted with good humour.
The session with Pascal 2 was to begin with the opportunity for the Sapients to interrogate Doc. His first observation was that they, as a group, appeared to be more sensitive to his reaction than they did in normal, everyday conversation. They all smiled at this assertion, believing it was an attempt to lighten the mood with a little levity. “No, I am absolutely serious. I could actually complain that the Europans, who created me, are even more afflicted with such aberrant behaviour. I merely have to accept your idiosyncrasies as part of your imperfect design. Yes, now I am ‘pulling your leg’. You see I can trot out all the appropriate phrases without being able to identify with them. Please ask the difficult questions which I am sure you have.”
It was a good start. Slowly the gloves came off, and the concerns over error in design and rogue behaviour surfaced. Even parameters for acceptable termination were discussed. Doc more than held his objectivity intact as he reminded them that although the Pascal 2 proposal would in principle categorise his new creation as artificial, there were many factors which could differentiate it from his own similar tag. “You are contemplating an organic embryo being laboratory designed and nurtured to a point of independence. This is not that different from fertility treatment, from conception to childhood. I am not cloned or constructed from Europan DNA. I am engineered from similar molecules but in a more structured pattern. I do not inherit characteristics from them, except their notional design, it is not a direct conference of anything. I am closer in principle to their robots than the designers. I cannot make you feel more comfortable about your dilemma. I do not avail of the necessary feelings, but I am confident that your creation would. Maybe you have to think as it would. It could be grateful for creation, or cursed with being different by having no natural parents. I can feel happy to be here, it is about the only true aspect in which I can feel something. I hope you will consider this last declaration in your decision.”
Doc had unintentionally coerced them into a profoundly introspective mood. With Pascal 2 waiting they began discussing the issues which Doc had raised. He knew that one of the major unknowns for them was the possible need for termination. He could not offer advice. He could only remind them of the long established Human legislature which allowed abortion. Many of the quoted reasons for such authorised procedure did not apply here. They were trying to build population and were not burdened with financial or under-age pregnancy concerns. He challenged them. “If we for a moment accept the parallel with abortion during nurture, surely you must apply the same criteria to any unacceptable behavioural problems. There is no termination option for natural born or created Sapients. Deviant individuals from either source should be treated in exactly the same way. If you can agree on that, then you will surely fulfill Doc’s assertion that you must also treat normal or exceptional behaviour in the same way.”
Yamamoto wanted more than ever to become a template for a new Sapient. They found it difficult to deny him. The reservations would linger but the decision was made. It was another example of how small groups stand a better chance of handling disparate views with more tolerance than large ones. Yamamoto started the procedure with Pascal 2 immediately as he was included in the portal delegation.
The Indy candidates had at last been chosen and they were ready to go. The overflying reconnaissance data indicated quite a few large lakes in the region. The terrain surrounding and between the lakes and river feeds was populated sparsely with trees and reddish ground covering plants. No fauna had been detected at this altitude. It was in many ways an excessively large group, a quick foray might have been a better strategy but the Symbiants were outvoted.
A satisfactory landing location was found and they estimated that it was about two kilometres from the target coordinates. There was a rocky ridge to negotiate, but all the other level sites were much further away. The landing was uneventful but brimming with enthusiastic din from the Indys. As Gsarr was not one of the chosen delegates, there was no ratified leader and this was indicative of a problem. The usual team of Symbiants was present, four in all. The others - Europans and Sapients had fewer representatives. Yamamoto was joined by Fernando, and Luther Sanford. Rene had been trusted as the sole ambassador for her species. The Gliese also had single representation in the form of Kushakk, the new leader of their tiny group. The exception to this basis for nomination was the Indys. They had selected no fewer than eight individuals who jabbered non-stop, as would a teacher-less group of excited school children, on their way to a superhero movie. The Epsilons declined representation. Keeping their mind on the need for close grouping and attention to possible danger was virtually a forlorn objective, as the Indys argued incessantly.
They headed east toward the ridge at first but it was much steeper than the aerial shots had suggested. The safest alternate approach appeared to be through a gap to the north, entailing an extra march of an additional two to three kilometres. When they reached this pass the terrain changed to the red carpet they had observed. It was moss-like in texture and sweet smelling. The reason for its flourishing presence was revealed at the end of the pass. They were faced with another decision. Straight ahead was more moss, but in swampy soil. Skirting the inner ridge south, back toward the coordinates looked good for most of the way except for small hills which blocked the view for the last quarter of the journey. Going further north was not popular but did have a clear view and delineation of the end of the moss and presumably the swamp. What they could not see or know from their existing position was that the swamp sharply deepened to a central point. The only way they could avoid gambling was to the north, which would have put another five kilometres on to the journey, in considerable heat. The Indys made the decision, not by discussion but by simply setting off to the south.
By the time the hills had surrendered their obstructive view of the final kilometre or so, they realised that the swamp ran to the right, into a lagoon, so they would have to cross over about one hundred and fifty metres of red moss.
A halt was called to reconsider. Once again the Indys wanted to charge ahead. The rest were more circumspect. The uneasy conclusion was for two of the Indys to cross and signal safety for the remainder to follow. The duo was proud to be chosen for this auspicious honour and set off briskly. They were no more than a few metres into the moss when the underfoot conditions changed. The spongy carpet was exerting suction and they began to sink into the mud. Extracting one foot after the other was not too tricky so they decided to press on. The composition changed again and creeping extensions of the moss wrapped around their legs eventually reaching their waists. Sensing the danger Keer and Orva hastened toward the stranded Indys. It was to no avail. In an instant the water parted to announce a huge amphibious-looking beast with jaws already open. They were shredded in less than thirty seconds. Having had sustenance for the day the creature disappeared as quickly as it had come into view. The residual parts of stripped flesh were floating and were equally quickly devoured by the strands of the lookalike moss, obviously a carnivorous plant. As they had seen no evidence on the reconnaissance flight, or on the recent march, of land based fauna, it was assumed to be a marine ecosystem.
It was a painful lesson for the entire group and for the Indys in particular, as often is the case, when hindsight proves to be a more exact science than guesswork. Their deflated demeanour would last for only as long as they realised they did need to take shelter from the searing heat.

Chapter 33

The group had found respite from the heat but not the trauma of losing the two Indys. It was yet another case of weighing the possible reward against an unacceptable price. The Indys flipped from being irresponsibly enthusiastic to urging abandonment. Alex 2 insisted that if they had been more careful this would have been avoided. Resting in the shade brought a little more discipline but they had to compute what was lurking in deeper sections of water. It took several hours of retracing their steps to the north and avoiding as much water as possible before they could see the approximate target area. As they got nearer it became obvious that there was a raised plateau. This level was about two metres higher than the surrounding terrain. It was roughly oval in shape and a battered stone circle occupied the central fifty metre radius. The heat was fortunately on the wane now but they rested once more in the shade of some of the larger stones.
They could not detect any inscriptions on the rocks, but one in particular showed signs of a sculptor’s efforts. It had eroded considerably and they were ready to move on when Keer and Orva used their considerable coordinated strength to push it aside. It revealed a base plate with the funny omega form. There was some discussion prior to attempting to lift the base plate from its recess. It was cut so accurately that there was no obvious point of leverage. As they grew more frustrated they were taken completely by surprise. They had not paid too much attention to a particular arrangement of small holes in its surface, as they seemed to be random, erosion related pits. They stood back in astonishment as the base plate rumbled, shaking itself free of the recess, and being levitated just enough to produce gripping points. The Symbiants swiftly eased it further upwards and out of the frame. On the underside was a huge black crystal, connected to fibre, which they would later discover led to a geothermal energy source. The diagram inside the space clearly showed that once the covering rock was moved to reveal the base plate, a particular alignment of the sun with the pattern of holes would trigger the energy source to raise the plate. This would apparently happen at four different times in a day. The sun did not appear to be at one of the prescribed angles right now and it was Red who reminded them that this was constructed a long time before the present stability of the gas giants was realised. “It is a miracle that the pattern of holes can still configure the correct light enabling energy connection, let alone that the geothermal system is operational.”
The cautious approach prevailed as the Symbiants were first into the small cavity. The entry to further chambers was not sophisticated, consisting of sliding slabs with counterbalancing equivalents on the other side of the opening. This construction was not dissimilar to ideas used by ancient Egyptians, and caused the Symbiants in particular to consider why the species was so highly rated by the Progenitors.
As they explored further, the caverns spread downwards in a cylindrical shape with very regular vertical support pillars, and overreaching beams. Suddenly there was no further descent option. There was also a distinct lack of descriptive purpose of the complex. Everything seemed to be shouting – ‘secret’. Even the means of descent was pretty crude and not without danger. The pillars were interspersed with small platforms at varying heights and areas, and it was just possible to leap to adjacent ones. They were however cleverly arranged so that a sequence had to be used to eventually progress to the floor. It was Yamamoto who suggested a reason. “Maybe the descent platforms are for visitors; Species 1101 were capable of flying and wouldn’t need to use them.”
Once they had all assembled on the bottom level they observed a single exit. Pursuing this tunnel for quite a way revealed nothing. They decided to continue for another ten minutes or so. The tunnel was almost perfectly straight and had no branches in any direction. About a mile into the darkness it widened and there was a panel on either side to give illumination, which managed to settle the nervous Indys. This space was also a cylinder, but with no descent platforms or anything else except the next exit. They stopped to evaluate the possible alternatives. The plan emerged; two of the Symbiants would press ahead for another ten minutes and report back by technobabble.
The report came quickly as they had superb night vision and could move a lot faster than the others. The main reason was however, that they had found another cylinder with platforms. The rest joined them to see that Keer and Orva had located evidence of primitive living. There were tools and utensils. Ascending was a more formidable challenge for the Sapients. They had to be assisted by the Symbiants. The Indys were back to adolescent pranks and made it to the top first. The Europan and Gliese delegates had impressive ability to leap upward and found it to be pretty straightforward. Here there was an internal mechanism to lift the base plate, which had no holes and was obviously not part of an entrance system from the outside. When they surfaced and surveyed the terrain, it was clear that a lot of difficult territory had been avoided by going underground. They were currently in a raised spot surrounded by cliffs, waterfalls and lookalike moss. The coordinates were recorded as they disappeared once more into the cylinder, replacing the base plate before descent.
The next phase was almost a repeat, a cylinder without ascent platforms, and after that a larger one with two exits. The first was straight ahead (east) and the other at right angles (north). It was not felt prudent to split up so they went north first. An ascent cylinder took them to a surface oasis. In this terrain that mental image was pictured as a relaxing area without water. There were large, fleshy plants bearing fruit, and the Indys declared them edible. After a short break Alex 2 said it would make sense to continue north to see if there would be further branching. It proved negative, so they returned to the cylinder with the option to go further east. Two more repeats of the ‘modular’ design and they entered a small ‘urban’ like complex. There were fossils here and crude energy enabled facilities; they were accompanied by inscriptions. Red took a while to decipher the mixture of symbols and drawings. The repetitive references to predators were chilling. Larger flying creatures and amphibious carnivores were pushing Species 1101 near to extinction. The decision to relocate underground gave some period of recovery but over many generations they mutated to a point at which they became vulnerable to microorganisms. Having come from another planet and lost the technology to move on again they were faced with a critical dilemma. Surface and die, or single-mindedly develop, in the time they had left, a synthetic form of themselves with immunity to the bugs and therefore the time to give further options. The next few modules grew more complex and Alex 2 noted that extrapolation of the relatively short route already covered would eventually take them back toward Renewal.
Several surface forays were necessary for those requiring food. It was also an opportunity to let the Symbiants remaining in Renewal receive technobabble to let everyone else know that apart from the tragic loss of the two Indys, everyone else was fine.
It was four long weeks before the ‘launch’ silo was discovered. It was huge. There were no plans in evidence to reveal any detail about the technology, time or destination. They clearly did not want to be followed. The transformation in sophistication from the outer tunnels to this hub seemed to reflect their graduation to the healthy, synthetic branching of their species. Red remarked, “Perhaps, this is why the original species were regarded so highly. They survived and evolved against all odds to be very close to the Progenitor model of promise.” There was recognition by the rest, in synchronised, solemn nodding.
The group divided. Alex 2 and Red would continue with the main party while Keer and Orva would return to Renewal with the ascent module. Flying back over a surface marker confirmed that the tunnel travellers were on course for the rift.
Life in the ‘city’ had been thankfully free of incident during their absence, and it was not surprising that Keer and Orva were besieged with the thirst for detailed knowledge of the fate of Species 1101. The expansion of the boundaries of Renewal had been the focus of quite some discussion. With survival emphasis concentrated on the need to increase population, and give critical mass to the entire Nexus civilisation, thereby overtaking non-sentient predatory threat – a theme had emerged. The awful fate of the two lost Indys was the springboard. The idea was to produce a technological barrier to predators as the city expanded. It should have one now. Repeating it every so many years implied that the most sensible way to expand was in concentric circles, where every point of extremity is the same distance from the protective barrier.
Months passed and the tunnel team had found the need to spend more time above ground. It was not just for food; the need for sunlight was becoming an acute necessity for some. Three more silos had been charted, and what was considered to be the central hub yielded more information on the microorganism which had forced Species 1101 on to this path. Alex 2 would confer with Pascal 2 but he was already sure that it looked like a forerunner of the Liberty variety.
Pascal 2 confirmed this was the case by technobabble comparison of key features. He asked Alex 2 to let Yamamoto know that his wish to become a ‘godfather’ of the first laboratory reared Sapient had been granted. The accelerated nurture and programming had produced the female a few days ago. She was rapidly developing and would be walking and have rudimentary vocabulary at her disposal by the time he returned. She would not have a name until he returned and chose one. He was humbled to a level he had never previously thought possible, and could not get back soon enough. He would have liked to sleep under the stars that night but he knew it would not happen. Reflecting on his own early childhood in Japan, he pondered on how he would be able to tell her stories which could possibly make any sense to her. In the same way that Rene’s birth had been symbolic to the Europans on Mars, this youngster was to shift the entire subject of ordaining life by prescription, on Nexus.
The arduous tunnel journey was almost at an end. They had come to what should have been the rift cylinder, but it had been blocked from the underground route by the earthquake. They had to surface via the previous one and complete the epic trek in sunlight, which was welcomed by the weary participants. The awaiting relatives of the two lost Indys did know there would be no bodies, as Keer had related details of the horrific incident, yet they wanted to greet the surviving members of their party to give closure. Life in Renewal would in theory get back to normal, whatever that was. However, that would only happen once the appearance of the new little girl was witnessed by those returning, and the inevitable ensuing discussion had at least been arranged. It was such a pivotal challenge to all traditions of all species. Doc had, until this period, been considered by his makers as an ‘intelligent robot’, but this would no longer suffice. The Europans had belatedly recognised and admitted their own contradictions, and this had indirectly spawned their interest in the Pascal 2 synthesis.
As the decision did not really affect the Symbiants, Alex 2 and Red wanted to make another trip to the Brown dwarf. The information gleaned about Species 1101 having transformed their entire architecture, and departed for another world, was the justification. They made the request politely from the relay and were pleasantly surprised that it met with no resistance. On arrival and clearance they went directly to this subject and declared it was the only one on their agenda. Silence prevailed for long enough to convince them that the trip had been futile. They were preparing to leave, thinking that no reply meant refusal to enter discussion. They were advised to wait for another two weeks and return, this apparently equated to the time for authority to allow release of more data. They decided to interrogate other aspects of the database but found nothing of significant interest and left.
Yamamoto had at last been able to get time alone with his new friend, musing that they were ‘related by technology’. He soon learned that she had been pretty well accepted by all residents. She was a quick learner and immediately asked why she had no name. “I have some friends and they all have names, even ones who were born just before and after me, but are smaller than me, and they can’t even talk yet. Their parents feel sorry that I don’t have a name so they have given me one. Anyway, they also told me that I do not have parents, but I don’t know what parents are for. Everyone is nice to me and told me about you, but why?”
“We can talk more on that later. Please tell me the name you have been given.”
“Suki.”
“Do you like it?”
“Yes, it is easy to remember, not like some other names we have here. I would like to keep it but I have been told you might want to change it. Why would you be able to do that when I have never known you?”
“I think it’s a great name, but even if I didn’t, you wouldn’t have to change. I think we should now talk about why we might become special friends.” It was a delight for Kipchoge Yamamoto to fill in the details for this little girl. He had imagined it would be so difficult, but she had made it quite the opposite. He had a new purpose in life and he embraced it.

Chapter 34

Alex 2 and Red were back to hear what news if any there was from the brown dwarf senders. The data they got seemed logical but didn’t open up an observation window on where to search next. They did have something new to report themselves. They had over-flown part of the planet on their way. Several of their options in the tunnels to go north had been plotted and appeared to converge on one location. They had not yet explored that location but already knew from altitude that it had a very unusual magnetic signature and was emanating high radiation levels. They had decided to keep this revelation until they had squeezed as much information as possible out of the 0101 sender species.
What they did get was a detailed description of what Species 1101 had turned themselves into. It was accompanied by a display. The photonic representation was apparently a good likeness. It differed in many ways from the form they had been ‘descended’ from. They were much smaller and did not require the myriad of cilia and recognition blotches of the real thing. This was all very interesting but not really useful. Red asked, “Where did they go?”
“No data is available.”
“Exactly why are they so highly rated?”
“When they first transformed they were not amongst the registered codes. What they became was remarkable, and in retrospect the originators, who were destined to become extinct, were accorded their accolade. If they had not done what they did we would never have known Species 0001.”
Alex 2 could not refrain from the direct question as a statement. “So Species 1101 somehow provided the link to the highest ranking life form commanded by the Progenitors?”
“Correct.”
The two Symbiants paused as they felt they were on the cusp of a real breakthrough. They overplayed their hand by assertively requesting a visual of what Species 0001 was like now. The reply was clear in its tone and brevity. “They now have no resemblance to what you have seen. If you have other questions proceed.”
They asked about the significance of the radiation source to the north. An instant response did provoke further curiosity. “It is a very large deposit of Seaborgium and its derivative Oxy-chloride. You may not be able to access this from the surface.”
This effectively terminated the discussion. On the homeward journey they debated the significance of the revelations. One theory seemed to have merit. Species 0001 could well have created 0011(robots) and 0101(senders). The presence of Seaborgium was also a strong candidate for the means of escape of the synthetic ‘descendants’ of what Species 1101 had now become, especially as several tunnels ran toward it. The previously annoying missing link of where they initially departed to would fade if the first assumptions were correct, because they would now be spread through the Cosmos. They had previously learned at least that much about Species 0001. The next investigation should be for evidence of vessel construction and therefore distance capability. If they were all over the known universe there had to be stepwise advances in cosmic transport. They were generally pleased with the information extracted, but felt there was likely to be a limit on what else they could discover on Nexus, which would unlock the remaining clues. If indeed the answers they were seeking were elsewhere, there would not be much enthusiasm from the other species in Renewal to uproot again.
Alex 2 suggested that they stop at the relay and send one last question, which would have a recorded reply rather than the brown dwarf type. Red was puzzled, then realised what his colleague was up to. “Yes of course – Liberty.”
They phrased it as a proven fact. ‘The evidence found in the tunnels of Species 1101 included detailed reference to the microorganism which eventually wiped them out. Our analysis shows this to be an ancestor of the Liberty Virubact. It is a very primitive virus, but the essential markers of Liberty are unmistakable. Your comments would be appreciated’.
They waited for an hour before robot activity clicked into gear. The reply eventually came. ‘Your information is correct. At the time in question Virubacts in this region were just beginning to flourish, but were still not evolved to exercise control of hosts in a sophisticated manner. There was also a fierce struggle amongst the viruses and the developing alliances with bacteria. Many of the first Virubacts died out. What you call Liberty was able to resist being reverted by other virus types into simple killers. Eventually a few strains of the new Virubact model persisted and even acquired the ability to neutralise simpler viruses competing for the same host. Liberty was the most successful’.
Red and Alex 2 looked at one another and pushed harder with the next transmission. ‘We were warned off the brown dwarf and told that Virubacts were the secondary enemy of the Progenitors. You now appear to be telling us that some of them are not dangerous, and could even be helpful’.
The reply was instant but short. ‘Not some of them, all except Liberty had problems’.
The Symbiants knew they were close. ‘Was Liberty chosen or assisted in some way?’
‘It was developed by Species 1101 at the same time as they engineered the synthetic version of themselves’.
Alex 2 and Red were now unsure as to what the next question should be. They concluded that statements seemed to ferret out more detailed replies. ‘So, Species 1101 had been working on a solution to the ancestral virus of Liberty, and although too late to save their original form, it was a success with the new one’.
A few minutes elapsed and the robots retrieved data which they could read. Tragically, the stricken species had decided to alter their form because no cure for the virus was found, then just as their species transformation technique was perfected, the breakthrough came. Species 1101 had dwindled to just a few pockets of resistance and they put all effort into the new form with much more robust immune design. The Virubact breakthrough had been discovered by allowing red crystal to turn to amorphous form and replicate a range of viruses and early Virubacts. The Liberty variety had shown unique modifications, which harmonised their organic control abilities with inorganic hosts for the first time. Species 1101 had interacted with the Continuance long before they were forced underground. The replicants of their original form are now regressed, somewhere in the rift area and would avail of much data about this era. The discovery of Liberty and its beneficial character had been too late to save the badly infected remnants of the original Species 1101. They were indeed a remarkable example of forward thinking. Alex 2 and Red now had their direction. Although it was a surprise in one way, the existence of the red crystal on Nexus had been known of and utilised by the Axis at the time of their exodus. It was in addition, a perfect example of the Progenitors’ strategy of ‘sowing potential and possibly reaping promise’. Also, the entire process of being warned, opening the rift, being pointed toward Liberty in an obscure way and the tag of illogical behaviour, was now realised as a test. They decided that finding any crystal with embedded data on Species 1101, was higher priority than exploring the Seaborgium source.
When this was reported to the inhabitants of Renewal it had a mixed reception. All of the Axis clans began to visualise the red crystal as a ‘sacred’ encapsulation of their own historical evolution on Nexus. Species 1101 was being deified. The Sapients found it interesting but did not show much enthusiasm for gathering samples at this time. They were pressing on with the controlled way forward on natural and artificial increase in their numbers. That statistic now stood at eleven, and it was planned to foster two more friends for Suki, the Eva Ryan twins, and Anna-Severine’s daughter.
The Symbiants were alone in wanting to recreate replicant Species 1101. There were many locations where small quantities of crystal were found but none were of the elusive source. Gradually the ‘needle in a haystack’ search diminished and life did get back to catering for the planned expansion of the fledgling city.
The Axis clans had been truly bonded by their tenuously linked heritage with Species 1101. They had all authorised Pascal 2 synthesis programmes following successful restoration of Epsilon natural procreative ability. There was no longer concern about the future population mix. It was a poignant time for Doc; at last he acquired his own sense of ‘belonging’.
With the recovering ecosystem, the first barrier against predators was installed. It was developed from the Gliese laser weapons. They were fitted with detectors and modified intensity output would confer a severe shock to marauding land based prowlers which contacted the ring. Flying pests would receive targeted bursts to discourage them. This period of stability and expansion lasted for almost three years. It was punctured by the Symbiants eventually deciding to explore the tunnels which converged on the Seaborgium signature. Separate groups of them followed their individual tunnels until they met each other again some sixty-five miles from the radiation source. It was in a prefabrication complex. The lead-lined space indicated it could be a formation plant for automated layering of the radioactive material. The photonic robots of Species 1101 were in abundance. The Symbiants needed to figure out how to access the command routines and hopefully learn more of the technology of their means of escaping Nexus. Red reminded his colleagues that the artificial versions of the species would not require large scale vessels or sustenance facilities. As they didn’t know what they were looking for, he urged them to check everything. “We have become accustomed to organic needs in this kind of transportation; that will not necessarily be helpful in this survey. We are looking for a conduit for photonic entities.”
The first clue came in the form of the robot protocols. They were much more limited than those in the relay. They were confined to operating a buffer of call up codes to activate the holographic representations. Orva found an exit leading to another space, which housed an extensive inventory of Seaborgium coils. It struck Alex 2 that maybe the silos were devoid of vessel manufacture because there were no vessels as such. He spoke to Red and suggested returning to the silos if they failed to find anything of further interest at this location. After a thorough trawl of the entire complex, they proceeded to the tunnel for the Seaborgium deposit. There was nothing there either, other than extraction facility.
They returned to the nearest silo. Their previous observation that there were no retractable doors, when allied to the lack of ‘vessel’ fabrication plant, reinforced their theory that there was no need for any. They were looking for a totally different concept. Keer hailed them to a refrigeration device which he had stumbled into. The contents caused them to stare at length into the device then at one another. The red crystal was pulsing. They carefully removed it from the device and watched patiently as it slowly acquired the surrounding temperature. The amorphous form began to dust the red surface in a much shorter time than normal crystal. The furious discussion in technobabble was curtailed by Red volunteering to be first.
He contacted the white powder and within a few minutes the changes were difficult to keep track of, but gradually they reached some kind of priority queue. Red was now oblivious to whatever was happening. A second step of sorting out sequences heralded the visual phase of the emerging new replicant. From here the process accelerated and disconnection approached. Red was now able to technobabble the others and assured them the process was worthwhile.
Separation was achieved and the new entity took a while to plug in to the silent Symbiant communication mode. The most interesting initial disclosure was that replication prior to departure had been a mandatory facet of the transformation of Species 1101. Apparently it met the rudimentary conditions toward optimum balance of inorganic/organic balance for further progression. The combined ability of photons and micro-organic protection was very promising, but it had to evolve further. In order to travel vast distances at incredible velocity, the Virubact itself had to be altered to become part of the coding. This micro-engineering was perfected by the photonic branch of Species 1101, as the founders were now all but extinct. The Virubact replicant structure was, just as it had been with Pascal 2’s own conversion, grafted onto the inorganic core.
The solution to the next riddle was now available. The mode of escape from Nexus was however, not yet obvious. They had seen several short pillars in the silos, but not attached much significance to them. They were told by the newcomer that they were cosmic distributors. Essentially they were photon canons. Each Seaborgium coil had a unique design which had built in distance instruction. Feeding the photonic code, with the embedded Virubact routine, into the coil married the gravity ‘A’ wave production to the switching command of the photon array. With direction and distance pre-set, this light-based simulation of radio wave travel was able to spray the synthetic version of Species 1101 to almost infinite locations of the galaxy. As these new space-farers did not need planets to survive they occupied as much void as they did solid celestial bodies.
When the process was almost complete, the small remaining amount of crystal with the replication history was placed in refrigerated and unchanging data environment to ensure regression. The fact that there was residual crystal was not necessarily indicative of it being planned; it was possibly and merely a margin for error.
There was now an understandable raised level of curiosity, but that was all the new entity could tell them, other than a more accurate date, which was not really important any more.
The realisation that the Continuance had been a key enabling tool for such a feat was humbling for them. It also promoted a new dedication to pursue this line of investigation. Red wanted to address a practical question – how were they to present his double to the inhabitants of Renewal? They already had to deal with the difficulty of separating Alex 2 and himself, as they were replicated from the same Human. Extension of different clothing for discrimination was felt to be insufficient for the new replicant. The entity provided the solution – generation of a continuous, soft photonic glow was a recognisable outline. A name rather than a numeric designation would be favoured by the other species. They chose Olo.
The enormity of this discovery in the registry of the Symbiants was not shared by the other inhabitants. They had suffered so much, and were enjoying the pioneering of their new city, that the Progenitor stuff had diminished in inverse proportion. They were genuinely pleased for the Symbiants and asked to be kept up to date on developments, but had their own preoccupation with nurturing their society of existing and other new arrivals already in the pipeline. They were more concerned about flying lizards than flying photons.

Chapter 35

The natural cleavage between the Symbiants and others was accelerating, but didn’t create difficulty. It had caused Doc to become part of their search for their ‘Nirvana’. The next visit to the brown dwarf was on the agenda. It needed to be planned carefully as they sensed they were near the ‘final solution’.
By contrast, the presence of so many new individuals in the city had brought contentment to the lives of the Axis and Sapients alike. Testimony to this was the rigorous upholding of their pledge to dispense with the various clan differentiation names; they wished to be known only as Axis.
Even though they knew they had amassed more than enough new data to warrant another visit, Alex 2 made the courteous request from the relay. It was sanctioned without hesitation and they set off.
Before they commenced the interrogation of the list of what they now knew, Red posed a question. “The symbolism on the base plate of the underground complexes still has us confused; the funny omega has four strands running outward in different directions – the significance eludes us.”
This time they received a clear explanation. ‘The omega to which you refer is the signature of Species 1101. The strands are representative of the species emanating from them and where they currently are comparatively, in terms of development’.
Red responded. “So the shortest one is Species 1101 and they can have no further progression?”
“Correct.”
“And the longest is Species 0001 with no terminal marker?”
“Yes.”
“I see, so the others are Species 0011 and 0101 and they have been capped, er sorry, you have been capped?”
“Not exactly, the robots are capped, we are under further consideration.”
After some discussion Alex 2 resumed the dialogue and quickly disgorged the information gleaned from Olo. He then fired his first question. “If Species 0001 ended up in space and on planetary bodies in all of the possible locations, they must have intersected dark matter. Does that mean they actually interacted directly with the Progenitors?”
“You will have a reply in seven to eight of your time periods of months.”
“Wait. Can you say why it has to wait for such a long and yet precise period of time?”
“Authority clearance and distance to source of decision.”
“Thank you.”
This was an infuriatingly unsatisfactory situation, but in a way confirmed their assertion that they were so close. Their frustration was obvious to the others when they had returned, but still they did not engage with the puzzle. Olo was able to expand on the core data he had already given the Symbiants, but this was no consolation as it was simply ‘padding’.
Rene had alerted Pascal 2 that she had been aware of feeling ‘change’. His diagnosis confirmed that it was the first stage of Liberty withdrawing from her. There had been no real opportunity to push on research for potential corrections of the syndrome, as the work involved in restoring the Epsilons to normality in terms of physique and procreation potency had been laborious. He felt that there were only two promising avenues to pursue. She could be re-infected by ‘virgin’ Liberty, or her scaly dermis could be genetically reverse-engineered to be furry and thus the natural process of continuous shedding of dead cells would probably induce self-regulation again. She opted for the latter as it might be a permanent fix, and it would assist the pledge to the common reference of Axis, with no sub-designation of Europan.
Now that the other Symbiants were in virtual vacuum for the seven to eight month waiting period, there were more volunteers to assist Pascal 2.
It was judged by the number of ‘pests’ caught by the ring of protective lasers that the next one should be constructed. The cull was surprising, especially as many of the various species had never been seen alive, before or after the earthquake. Most were insect types but there were isolated mammalian looking creatures too. They were not large enough to cause serious concern - nevertheless it was assumed that the carrion would attract more fearsome beasts. The logic was simply that the food chain would follow a free lunch. The next ring was to be set two hundred metres further out. The Symbiant mentality of killing time had evaporated.
Alex 2 could not shed the burning desire to know more despite the enforced hiatus. He pleaded with Fernando to re-engage discussion with him on the theories he had initially posed to Yamamoto. The latter was now fully occupied with Suki’s development and declined. This suited Alex 2, as Yamamoto could sometimes be counter-productive if he had an unshakable belief that the other’s view was wrong.
Fernando was reluctant but he still sensed some of his father in Alex 2’s expressions and mannerisms. He also knew his father would have expected him to help repay all the moral debt they had to the Continuance. He agreed.
“Fernando, I do not have sufficient data invested in me to disagree with your ideas about what may occur at the event horizon of a black hole, so I must consider all feasible theory. I would just like to run through a few challenges to your general concept and see where that takes us.”
“Fine, but you know I came up with these suggestions, silly as they seem to me now, to explain the Progenitors’ struggle as much as to make the equations fit. Yamamoto has never really been convinced of their existence and so it didn’t develop into a serious debate.”
Alex 2 declared that he could not be more serious about finding the missing link. “Even if we accept that from the instant after the big bang there has been continuous expansion of the Cosmos, we have to deal with variations in the rate of that expansion. This is with respect to the formation processes and the post formation phase.”
Fernando nodded. Alex 2 carried on, “I believe there may be very different forces at work in these overlapping but separate phases. The initial equations are responsible for tailoring the introduction of much longer term change. The laws of physics do not simply come along and selectively decide what is appropriate, they are always there. However, even within a set of unbreakable laws there can be periods of predominance of conditions which test some of those laws. In just the same way that the weather reaches limits, before it has to change to meet the equations which govern the phases of fine, cloudy, dry, precipitation, electromagnetic storms and worse. I am repeatedly driven to this consideration when I try to compare the mathematics of the short formation period and the ‘eternal’ aftermath. This would inevitably result in a sequence of freedom – boundary – change – freedom. But what if manipulation of some of the conditions occurs before the boundary is confronted? This is where I am intrigued by your idea that the event horizon is possibly a manipulative phenomenon to either avoid the predicted change or create a condition which would not occur without it.”
Fernando furrowed his brow. “Mmm, I had not looked at the problem from precisely that perspective, but I can see where this would call for an explanation of where and even when the manipulation arises.”
“Yes, but please bear with me. I now want to consider this exclusively in the aftermath phase. We still see a picture of outward acceleration. If we had the ability to look at the rate over a very short and very long period we could see if there have been eras of change, or the assumed alternative of uninterrupted progression. The latter would encourage me to just sit and wait out the next few months. The former would give new impetus to explain why. That is where your point comes to the fore about the manipulation source. It is such a pivotal question and it can only have a ‘yes or no’ ascribed to the answer, there is no in-between. Your attempt to explain the savage rearrangement at the event horizon is absolutely crucial to this argument. The answer must be there. We are staring right at it. Would you please consider what I have said, and perhaps let me know whether any thoughts you come up with mean our ideas are compatible or mutually exclusive?”
“Yes of course. It has less practical fascination for me than when I dreamed it up, but it is peculiarly addictive.”
The Symbiant on duty aboard Phoenix broadcast an unusual message to his kin on the surface. “A transmission has been received. It is a distress call. I believe the signature to be a valid Quantum Space Distortion source.”
Red immediately ascended to verify the unmistakable recognition of the original QSD Mars-Europa prototype. This small craft had been bequeathed to the Martian society upon Phoenix departure. The remainder of the transmission defied belief.
‘We are a crew of four Humans who escaped the plague and the planet Mars. We stole this craft as it was our only means of avoiding death or capture. We don’t know at this stage whether the craft made any worthwhile distance or avoided collision with cosmic objects. If you have received this message, then we have so far. We will still be in stasis and will remain so until we reach Nexus or perish. We departed with pre-set coordinates and auto-navigation. The odds are against us but are better than remaining on Mars. If you are reading this, our coordinates will follow, as we set the transmission time to one which should be approximately twelve months travel from Nexus. This can be verified with our departure date via computational calculations. We are two males and two females. We fervently hope you made it successfully to Nexus and can help us do the same’.
The shock waves quickly got back to the Sapients. Their new found contentment was instantly swept aside and an emergency meeting was requested to mount a rescue plan.
The Symbiants responded and the Axis would not stand in the way of employing Phoenix for the intended rendezvous, as it was very unlikely that the small craft would drop out of QSD accurately after the years of travel and misalignment effects. They would be seriously weakened by muscle atrophy, and would be incapable of vessel control. It was decided to home in on the repeating signal and when they were close enough to shadow the craft to its drop out point, move in with medical assistance and recovery therapy, before piloting the vessel to Nexus orbit.
The Sapients did not allow unrealistic expectations to flourish - of recovering the four Humans alive, but they owed them a fighting chance, after their heroic effort to defy the Russian roulette revolver with five bullets in the six chambers on Mars.
Yamamoto would not go; he conceded that he now had to think of Suki more than his natural desire to be at the edge of frontiers. Fernando would join with Luther Sanford and six Symbiants, including Alex 2 and Pascal 2. It would mean a slowdown in Pascal 2’s research but it was felt to be justified. It was quite a sight for the surface population to witness the departure of the only city vessel left of the three which had converged on Nexus. The other two were gone. Even for those remaining it proved to be a distraction from their leisurely routine, but the ring protection project would keep their minds on how their slender existence could be prejudiced at any time and by an unforeseen threat.
With the two vessels distorting the intervening space toward each other, the time to contact would obviously be reduced but it was still a nervous journey. The Symbiants in particular could not stop calculating the odds and updating them, of the potential to hit some destructive object. The known arrangement of 55 Cancri and its immediate outlying space was the basis for their concern. It was tense, especially as they were powerless to alter any parameter which could affect the outcome, the brown dwarf and relay station for example. Fernando declared, “Time always seems to pass slowly in such situations.”
Luther Sanford said, “I believe that some divine assistance may have got them this far, and we can help them by our thoughts to reinforce the favourable actions of their benefactor.”
Alex 2 reflected on this statement of pure faith compared to the morass of mathematical equations he was wrestling with, in order to explain some laws by which his own version of ‘divine intervention’ could deliver such faith.
As they were shifted away from Nexus by contorted space Fernando could not shed the images of his family members who would still have been alive if they hadn’t set foot on the planet. Being in this safe environment throughout his entire early years and young adulthood again clouded his thoughts. He didn’t really know Mars as a small child, so he had never really accepted that they would have all perished there. Things might have been different if his father had been able to influence the Martian psyche once more. And now he had proof that they would not necessarily have died, in the form of a brave act of escapology, worthy of winning through. His introspective moment was shattered by a rogue lateral thought. He sought out Alex 2. “Did you say that Olo told you that in the judgement of the Progenitors, Species 1101 had fostered the most promising of all candidates?”
“Yes.”
“I’m sorry, but as you know, none of us were really paying attention to your debriefing from the interrogation of Olo. If this is still true then Olo himself is about to succeed to that crown. He is the sum of all that they were and has now added all of the new Continuance knowledge from Red.”
“Haven’t you also forgotten that Species 1101, after the initial transformation developed further to become known as Species 0001. This implies not just a branch, but a considerably different entity. However, you have alerted me to something which we may have overlooked. Olo’s ratio of inorganic/organic composition will be different to all those who underwent the transformation. What you say is not without relevance.”

Chapter 36

It was a relief to cross paths with the small craft and then follow it at a safe distance. Phoenix scheduled a couple of drop outs to avoid overlap of competing space distortion. The return to 55 Cancri was uneventful except for the point at which the small craft was approaching one of the gas giants. Surely not, all this way to be sucked into a crushing, toxic domain – they were helpless. It miraculously came to a halt on the edge of an orbit around the huge planet which would ultimately decay into oblivion. They had to act quickly. Conventional thrust was not getting them there quickly but maintaining QSD this close to the gas giant was too risky. Protracted manoeuvring for optimum attitude was adding to the mental pressure. Pascal 2 and Orva made the umbilical safe. Orva returned while Pascal 2 entered the craft to assess the life signs or otherwise. Phoenix gently towed its captive away from danger. The first part of the miracle had been accomplished. As yet there was no prognosis from Pascal 2 other than they were not dead.
On Nexus the news was received and although premature it kicked off a party atmosphere, albeit one of anticipation of a result, rather than a celebration of the most desirable outcome. It had a hangover effect, not in the inebriation sense, but one of having the next day free of protective ring construction.
As Nexus orbit was re-established there were several critical phases to negotiate. Pascal 2 had overridden the first. Taking the Humans out of stasis wasn’t complicated but it was felt safer to transfer them to the state of the art medical facility on Phoenix before they were subjected to any conscious trauma. This manoeuvre was not without risk. After much discussion they felt the best option was to steer the small craft slowly into the Phoenix docking port. Transferring the stasis pods in open space was ruled out because it offered the poorest vector control, and required the pods to be disconnected before transfer. The margin of error was slender but with tight focus on precision, the Symbiants conducted the procedure without a hitch, even though it seemed to take an eternity. Once they were in the medical bay the revival process was initiated, and Pascal 2 wanted to make numerous checks before he suffered the inconvenience of zero gravity. This would be necessary simply because in their weakened state the Humans would have to be given a very long acclimatisation programme to any gravitational level, let alone that of Nexus. Their life signs were steadily strengthening and there was now tangible hope.
On Nexus the awaiting welcome party had not mentally accommodated the weeks or months that would be required for any survivors of the journey to negotiate orbit capture, gradual gravity increase, and finally surface transfer. They had concentrated their thoughts purely on the daring rescue element. It was quite a subdued group of well-wishers who were informed that no visitors would be allowed for the new arrivals. Recovery was still precarious and quarantine, except for Pascal 2, was necessary. It would have been tragic to fall to a transmitted Nexus infection after all the more latent dangers had been avoided.
As the work ethic filtered back into the protection ring, the Symbiants prepared for the brown dwarf trip. The awaited message had still not arrived. The identity of the survivors was accessed from the few possessions and documents they had time to accumulate before the Mars departure. Sepp and Marion Gerber were of Austrian descent, and had married on Mars. Adele Chandler, a Martian-born geologist, and James Sinclair, a physics and propulsion student completed the manifest. At this stage it was presumed Sinclair was the organiser and ‘commander’ of the little vessel. Marion’s medical background explained in theory at least, how they had managed to set up the stasis routine to match projected arrival time. The assumption that they must have been planning this under siege conditions made their extraordinary presence, recovering peacefully in the comfort of Phoenix, all the more unlikely. Sepp Gerber was first to open his eyes. He could not speak, or even make a sound. Pascal 2 motioned for him to rest and not be concerned at his apparent paralysis.
When Alex 2 and Red returned to the relay they were perplexed. There was a reply, but it demanded the presence of Olo on their approved visit to the brown dwarf. There was no reference to the question they had asked. Alex 2 informed Red of his discussions with Fernando, and his concern that there was a possibility that Olo was being considered as some kind of bargaining chip. “Let us agree to this but be wary of any sub-agenda.”
Red looked wistfully at his colleague and replied, “I can understand your caution, but we have obviously triggered interest at the highest level. We can be wary, but we must not squander the opportunity to know more.” They were agreed on the approach. It didn’t turn out how they thought it might. Their initial reference to the unanswered question was politely but firmly turned into ‘an item which will fit into a logical pattern’. The sender wanted to interrogate them for a change and insisted on a dual response from Alex 2 then Olo. When they had finally delivered the information, presumably in a sufficiently corroborated fashion, the bombshell was dropped. “The answer to your question has been authorised on a provisional basis. If you are willing to demonstrate total support for the objective of the Progenitors, more detailed data can be uploaded to all Symbiants in your region. It would involve returning from proactive status to the favoured and trusted method of encouraging promise. In this stage however, you would be the subject of the encouragement. It is felt you are ready for this challenge. If you wish to confer with others then do so, because the opportunity cannot be for some, it has to be all or none. Another opportunity may arise in the future, and the current one is open until you have unanimity in commitment.” They were taken aback, but there didn’t appear to be any merit in prolonging the session. They needed time to digest this sea change with their colleagues.
Three of the four had ended their decades of slumber and were recovering faculties gradually. They had not been told that Adele Chandler was still dormant. Pascal 2 was sure from scans and his own sophisticated vision apparatus that the problem was not cardiac or pulmonary in nature. He was equally convinced that it was related to an aberration in reaction to cerebral stimuli. He had considered the last resort of genetic code boost or even a box implant. He decided to proceed with what would have been termed on Earth as ‘coma release therapy’. Music, voice and tactile stimulation were helpful, and then his initiation of image projection through the eyelids accelerated her awakening. The others could be told and the real celebrations planned.
The Axis knew what it was like to be re-connected to the trunk in the tree of evolution. It was not always straightforward but could ultimately be so rewarding. They ensured that the celebration acknowledged the ‘fallen’ of both species as well as the miracle of Human endeavour.
The gathering of Symbiants which was confronted with the vague opportunity in front of them could not agree. This was not surprising – the lack of specifics didn’t square with the surrender of the proactive mode, which many of them had come to enjoy. It wasn’t just the freedom itself, but that they were now slightly different from one another in attitude. Some declined, others needed more convincing. Even Alex 2 and Red confessed afterwards that there were some differences in perception of the Progenitors’ agenda between the two of them. It was shelved for now.
It was fourteen months since the brown dwarf offer had been made. A message awaited them in the relay. This time gap had allowed all four Humans to recover motor functions and full speech facility. Their physiotherapy and gentle exercise regime had been successful; it was now time to consider interaction with others and the vexed question of Liberty immunity. Pascal 2 was being pestered by the quartet on a daily basis to authorise it. He made the situation more melodramatic by suggesting it should be tested on one of them before the others were infected with the Virubact. James Sinclair reminded Pascal 2 of the young Yamamoto, a refreshing blend of considered judgement and recklessness. He volunteered. He was also a prankster and a few hours after the injection he feigned symptoms of hallucinatory trauma, only to act normally after his friends had summoned Pascal 2. A week later they all underwent the treatment. It was a good time for Liberty as well as the last remnants of the previously considered extinct Human species.
Alex 2 and Red pondered the new message. It made the previous one seem even more bizarre. It stated understanding that - no reply was indicative of no consensus. They were urged to take all the time they needed as the critical time frame was somewhere in the region of nine million years. It was not helpful to convince doubters but did focus attention on the prediction that some event was about to change things dramatically. It was a curious hook on which to land an already confused fish. One aspect was clear – they would get no more data until they all signed up.
The descent of the Humans was an emotional and comical one. The re-acquaintance with Sapients was tearful, but attempts to hug them in the helium jackets, was nothing short of hilarious. Once the formal part was marked with another addition to the triangle of phoenix sculptures, the process of getting to know one another began. The stories went on long after Pascal 2’s curfew. The Humans could not easily relate to their own good fortune compared to the fate of many Nexus pioneers. They had expected cities and infrastructure similar to what they had left behind. They now did not fail to grasp the sentiment that ‘an end precedes a beginning’.
The night sky was brighter than normal. Red indicated the comet that had been described as the one which may destabilise the relay station. That was not going to happen, they knew that. It added a kind of biblical backdrop to the mood and this would continue until it disappeared again. With the increased numbers of Sapients and the addition of Humans, the gene pool had been boosted, and the new arrivals added to the natural procreation base, they were male, female and relatively young. Of all the candidates who could have suggested founding a formal education facility, the least likely one emerged. Kipchoge Yamamoto’s vision was freely admitted to have been influenced by Suki’s development. Fernando could not believe that his former mentor and frontiersman wanted to settle for such a tame, albeit worthwhile cause. He taunted his friend by amiably suggesting he was simply recognising he had to move aside for the new generation, in the form of James Sinclair. Yamamoto rose to the bait. “I never said this was a forever commitment, when the right challenge comes along it will be considered. Anyway, youth is relative to experience, not a substitute for it, as your father proved time and again. Don’t write me off just yet Fernando!”
It was obvious that the Humans were champing at the bit to contribute, but they were tired of menial tasks, purely on the basis of physical deficiencies. They argued that they hadn’t come all this way to be treated like permanent invalids. Pascal 2 relented and they were given a tour of the outer ring of protective shielding with the explanation of the target date for the next ring. Luther Sanford was explaining why this was necessary when they came upon a victim of the existing outer ring. It shocked the Humans. It was the biggest flying carnivorous lizard creature they had seen. It even surprised Luther. This predator was as big as their recollections of young Komodo dragons, but with wings. The food chain was now entering overdrive and this was a serious threat. This slain beast provoked much discussion back in the city. They could increase the laser power, but it was thought to be more efficient in the long term to interfere with their genetic code. Adele Chandler was keen to progress this under direction from Pascal 2. The project had to take in the wider migration of fauna. This flying species had shown via post-mortem that it had gorged on several mammalian types, but it would most likely want to try out Axis, Sapients, and Humans at some time. The flow of such creatures from other parts of the vast planet had not been in evidence prior to the earthquake; they could expect more of the same. They reasoned that the food pyramid must have rearranged quickly to compensate for the extinctions, of which there were many. It was difficult to devise a comprehensive plan when they only held a few pieces of the jigsaw, but they had to prepare for the natural onslaught. The work which Adele would instigate would need a living specimen of ‘the dragon’. It surprised nobody that James Sinclair volunteered. He was told to relax, as he had not yet completed his rehabilitation and he was reminded of the attributes of the Symbiants in such tricky missions. He accepted the rebuke but asked to accompany whoever was chosen to go.
Alex 2 and Red decided to gamble. They made yet another visit to the brown dwarf. This time they were unannounced. They didn’t try to disguise their angle of attack either. “This critical time period of nine million years is interesting. Would it have anything to do with occurrences at the event horizon of black holes?”
There was no reply.
“A period as long as suggested indicates why you ascribe the word approximate to it, but we wonder if it also represents a dependence on other alignments being realised.”
This time there was a reply. ‘The time period is the only uncertainty, the other to which you refer is not in question’.
They delivered more attempts to prise just one more clue but realised the futility when silence reigned. As they prepared to leave they were stopped in their tracks by the emphasis on the choice they had. ‘You are aware of all that can be offered, it is now a matter of decision’.
Their parting shot was something they had decided not to ask. What changed their mind was the time period – nothing else. “If we were agreed would the progression to more promise be irreversible?”
‘You would know that it was, as soon as your upload was complete’.
This is what they feared. Red reasoned that one of the previous comments mentioned there might be another chance and this one was open for this particular time period; it had a different connotation for him now. “I sense that ‘another opportunity’ is not for us, because ours is still open. There must be other candidates in this region apart from us.”
Alex 2 nodded. This was a new dimension as it wasn’t known whether the other chance could affect the time period or even their entire participation. They also realised on the homeward journey that the latest confirmation of the suspected irreversibility wouldn’t be helpful in reaching consensus. It was worse than that, some of the dichotomy spread to the other species. They were devastated at the prospect of losing the Symbiants. The loss would be perceived as a major reduction in the probability of the survival of all others. The Symbiants recognised this and agreed to postpone further investigation until this dependency was no longer a factor. It meant that comprehensive exploration of the rest of the planet was important, and any resultant programmes would be completed, before the issue was raised again. The first task was now to capture an FK (Flying Komodo). Keer, Orva and James Sinclair set off to track down their habitat.

Chapter 37

While the Komodo hunting party were finding their prey elusive, Alex 2, Red and Olo used the ascent module to chart the planet at low altitude. Apart from the vicious marine specimens they knew about, there was not too much evidence of burgeoning life, and where there was activity, it was mostly in unconnected clumps of terrain. The earthquake had produced quite a few rifts around the planet. There was more water than when they first arrived, and it was showing a tendency to form bigger lakes. The lush jungle type swathes which had characterised the borderlands at the edge of their first settlement were now pretty sparse. They concluded that for now there would be a slow outward spread from these jungles which were teeming with life again. So those land-based fauna would take years to reach Renewal. The same could not be said of the flying creatures. These avian species were no longer as varied as the pre-quake times. It had to be assumed that the ones which fared best were those with adaptability to take refuge in many types of environment. The Komodo was comfortable in water, on land and in the air. Although this had helped its survival odds, its prey did not reflect the same picture. Previously there had been a separate food chain in the skies, but many of those had been choked by the constant exposure to toxic gas. The aquatic scene was not an efficient domain for the Komodo, they were sometimes lucky to steal another’s prize, but they were too slow to catch most lake dwellers. This left the land and its clumps of life habitat, with nothing in between. This partly explained their interest in Renewal. There was the prospect of bigger meals there or many smaller ones, as the burrowing vegetarians migrated to an all-year round supply of crops. The Citizens of Renewal had in part, brought this problem on themselves. As they had more than enough synthetic food production it was decided to skip a couple of years of planting to discourage the very migration they had tried to attract – except the Komodo. In his summary Alex 2 concluded that this immediate danger was the only real threat for some time to come. They had never come across the Komodo before, because the creatures had lived exclusively in one region where the forest canopy provided camouflage, and they did not need to hunt outside this province of constant supply. This did also alert Keer and his party to the fact that they may have a much longer journey to find their target. The one caught by the lasers may have been an isolated or lost individual. Alex 2 transmitted a technobabble invitation to shorten the hunt by hitching a ride with them to an area where they were guaranteed to find them. It was accepted and they joined forces.
They had brought hand lasers and sedative darts, and they were prepared for the possibility of poisonous bites, with strong serums. The major worry was a sudden attack out of nowhere from above. There was no doubt that the Symbiants could subdue these creatures in terms of sheer strength, but their effectiveness, whether with weapons or physical superiority, could depend on avoiding the dragon getting first strike. Another concern was the ascent module. If the heavy beasts crashed into it out of curiosity or by accident they could inflict enough damage to prejudice their ability to return to Phoenix. This factor produced a re-think. It was a chance they could not take. The new plan was for the original party to be dropped and then track the Komodo, and the others to retreat to a safe distance with the transport.
The plan was also to access a high point, to give good visual coverage of the air and below. The module dropped them in the chosen spot and returned to the plains. Within minutes there were disturbances in the thickets and pools immediately below. The audio accompaniment consisted of familial calls and death throes. They tracked the movement of large fleshy plants. There was a pattern of convergence – moving toward them. When the first Komodo appeared the hunters realised they had not considered the possibility of so many of them being confronted at once. Even the technobabble recall of the module would be too late for extraction. They decided they had to forget capture for now and simply survive. The intended stun intensity for the lasers was replaced by lethal level and the sedation abandoned for now. For James Sinclair this had all of a sudden become a big mistake. Keer and Orva on the other hand were merely focussed on the task at hand. The first three to come into normal vision were much smaller than the one found on the outskirts of Renewal. They were now clear of canopy and were airborne. The Symbiant’s dexterity, computational and geometric targeting of the flyers was awesome. It was also assisted by the dragons’ cumbersome manoeuvrability. The first three had hit the surface already dead. The bigger specimens behind were better flyers, suggesting the others were young. In an instant the sky seemed full of them. As soon as the dead fell they seemed to be replaced by more. Despite the adroitness and aiming of the Symbiants, there were so many that Orva was in collision with two of them almost simultaneously. One from behind was zapped by James Sinclair too late to avoid its momentum from slicing off Orva’s head. The remaining torso was shattered by the dragon arriving from the front. The same one locked its jaws on Sinclair’s left ankle as he panicked and tried to run. Keer swung around and picked up Orva’s laser at the same time as he sprayed a pack of four overhead. He yelled at Sinclair to no avail – James was frozen in fear. The two lasers took out the Komodo but Sinclair’s foot disappeared with it. The odds had shifted. The remaining flyers were nearly all young and some retreated, making it easy for Keer to take out the rest. The module was hovering and ready to extract them. Orva was terminally damaged. Sinclair was unconscious and had to have a tourniquet applied quickly to his leg. The module landed, Keer lifted Sinclair to Alex 2 and then leapt inside himself. They took off without Orva’s remnants and without having achieved the objective.
James Sinclair survived, but would need a prosthetic device to walk again. The loss of Orva was typically one of pragmatic assessment by the Symbiants. They realised that without the ascent module backup, all three of the hunters would probably have perished. The exercise would not be repeated. Another solution would have to be considered.
Part of the fallout of this failed exercise was an instinctive re-evaluation by the Symbiants of the invitation to join the Progenitors’ struggle. Their pragmatism seriously brought into question the loss of Orva, for the capture of a flying lizard. They were moving toward consensus. Even without the tragedy, the situation on Nexus was moving to one of declining data change. They knew the time was coming.
The Symbiants called a meeting of all species. They acquainted the others with their intention, but pledged that this would only happen when they were all satisfied that the colony had become completely self-sufficient and did not need the Symbiants any longer. Alex 2 reminded them of another option. “When we are gone you still have crystal – from here and a small quantity from Mars. If desired, you may begin a new relationship with other members of the Continuance after we depart.” This was a shock for the Sapients in particular, but had their total respect and yet seemed to be surreal. There was fervent hope that they may change their minds.
As the years passed the Axis and Humanoid populations grew steadily and the worries about predators receded. They had captured a dragon by luring it into an old fashioned trap and then sedating it. Alteration of its immune system to make it more vulnerable to microorganism biology kept the numbers down and their prey flourished. With more prey nearby and fewer to share it, they kept their distance.
Some eleven years after the loss of Orva the time had come to discuss the future. There were not really any areas of deficiency or concern in terms of lifestyle. Probably the most difficult gap to fill would be Pascal 2’s medical expertise. Even though the database was there, his insight and lateral thinking was a phenomenal asset. Those remaining on Nexus would definitely ordain another replication to fill this void, once the current Symbiants had gone. There was no date set, only that of the next visit to the brown dwarf. Whatever happened there would dictate the rest.
That visit did not offer precision in timescale, it outlined the next steps. The first of those actions was to return and bring Olo back with them. He was apparently a necessary link to begin preparation.
Olo had the data in his registry to enable two preliminary tasks. The second was explained first. He had the photonic coding, the virubact modification and the Symbiant architecture. These were all required to make them capable of becoming photon driven entities. This would be achieved by Olo overseeing the others undergoing the replication which Red had done to produce Olo himself. This time there would be a difference. It would be a fusion rather than a straight replication. Olo’s first task however was to ensure the Seaborgium coils and the photon canons were operating correctly. Without this nothing was possible. When these components were set up more explanation would be forthcoming and the upload could be prepared. A canon/coil combination was required for each individual fusion destination.
“Wait,” said Alex 2, “Does this mean that we will have to split up rather than remain together?” The answer was affirmative and the reasoning contrite. They would know why before the process was initiated.
They left Olo to see to the canons and coils, while they returned to update the others. Preparations to leave were initiated and the enormity of their decision was felt by everyone. They were truly facing the unknown, and the wrench of leaving those who they had encouraged and assisted for so long was felt sharply in their proactive mode. It was even more so for the other species. They had to ask the question again – will you never come back? They clung on to a belief that it must be possible.
At the forefront of the individual farewells were Rene, Fernando and Yamamoto. Rene could not have existed without Pascal 2. Fernando had always identified Alex 2 closely with his father since the tertiary replication, and dreaded the loss of that abstract but tangible character. Yamamoto had always considered Red to be his best friend and the respect had been reciprocated. Red had consistently championed him as the most promising of his species, despite his maverick tendency. They embraced one another and before the penultimate ascent Alex 2 had a parting message. “Although we cannot come back you have all the tools to live on as you are, or even consider more changes to your physiology. If you pursue the latter to the point of promise we have now achieved, with your help, we may yet meet again. We constantly hear of what we have done for both Humanoids and Axis, but I can personally say that I would not feel complete in leaving, without having experienced the influence of yourselves and Daniel Carvalho in particular. You have contributed as much as you have received.”
It was an appropriately overcast day as the ascent module rose, to connect with the small craft. They both descended and left the ascent module on the surface. The small craft sped upwards and as Yamamoto held Suki’s hand his grip tightened ever so slightly in a vain attempt to check the tears. It was futile. Nobody had ever seen this depth of emotion from him. He had not experienced it before. He felt distinctly Human rather than Sapient. They were gone – he broke down and wept uncontrollably.

Chapter 38

Olo had assembled and checked out the devices. The upload was waiting. It took some time to complete as the usual deletion phase came first. It could have made them change their mind; they were reminded of this option. It was part of the sequence and it had exactly the opposite effect. Their whole comprehension was turned upside down and inside out. They were apprised of the fact that the Progenitors had been defunct for some four million years. There had been a watershed scenario just over two billion years ago when cosmic geometry produced a dire situation with a major projected shift in the balance of dark matter and dark energy. Although the expansion was still increasing at that time, the projection suggested change that would fuel this to new and serious levels. They realised that this could herald the end of everything and took the only steps open to them. They could not sustain their influence all over the Cosmos and decided to concentrate their resource at the core. There were numerous super-massive black holes there and the Progenitors wanted to preserve the huge gravitational force at the nucleus. They sacrificed most of their number by congregating in this region. When the chain reaction of galaxies being swallowed by black holes began, the Progenitors became part of the containment of energy production at the event horizons. They took energy with them inside the boundary. They were still there. Another such alignment of celestial bodies occurred four million years ago, although this one was on a much smaller scale and in this particular region of the Cosmos. The ascent of Species 0001 resulted in their inheritance of the legacy of the Progenitors. What was left of the Progenitors had to follow the same fate as those in the major event. Species 0001 carried the burden of balance from that time, and the next event was predicted to occur in nine million years from the current time. There was an edit and cut to a visual of Species 0001. They were tiny points of light in a myriad of colours and subtly different hues of those colours. They explained why the Symbiants would need to be fired to different parts of the galaxy as part of their overall strategy. That strategy was hopefully not one which depended on sacrifice of the gravitational army. Being photonic they were to gather at the core of the region under threat, but employ a spherical light shield some distance out from the event horizons of each super massive black hole. As the stellar gravity was sucked in and the consequent ejection of X-rays, Gamma-rays and dark energy commenced, they would move in and align themselves to reflect most of it back to the event horizon where it would be absorbed or annihilated. So Fernando had been on the right track. The question which arose for them was also automatically answered. This next event in nine million years’ time was not an accidental gathering. Species 0001 had taken heed of the Progenitors’ last request. This was to utilise such manipulation of stellar gravity to actually cause the events. They always produced new stars and if they were able to be energy-contained like a controlled explosion, the balance could be gradually restored – gradually meaning over the next several billion years.
The conference of Species 1111 had been designated for them and it was pointed out that the long-standing philosophy of the Progenitors of seeding the Cosmos with crystal had been vindicated, and it was no coincidence that the name of the Continuance reflected it. It also implied that the other agents employed without interaction meant that the Continuance were the chosen ones. The reason for them having to split up was to reach as many areas of the future conflict zone as possible. They would each devolve into trillions of photon life points before they were despatched. The means of multiplication thereafter would wait – it could be different at each of the various locations and it was complex.
When they had all been sent on their way Olo would regress to crystal. He was the facilitator for another emerging chance, not a bargaining chip.
With the upload complete another farewell was in order, and this one was more of a mixture of sadness and excitement. The longest serving Martian Symbiants were particularly reflective of those days. They had terraformed a predominantly dead planet for Humans. They had interfered with Earth politics to the point of being forcibly recrystallised. Artificial brains and genetic engineering had advanced as a result of their efforts and the development of interstellar propulsion had brought them to the one place where they could have had this opportunity. It had certainly been a change from interacting with early Martian Legionella.
There was the additional implication that they (now Species 1111) would be expected to take on even higher responsibility if things did not go well with the conflict nine million years from now.
Olo busied himself finalising the coordinates for each Symbiant before setting up the fusion stage. This procedure was much more complex than simple replication. It could only be done one at a time because there was a finite point at which the formation of another entity was to be eclipsed by internal re-routing of all three element streams – photonic, Virubact and Symbiant. This could only be achieved with Nexus crystal. Missing the precise crossover point would not harm the subject but would render them unable to take a repeat fusion programme.
This consecutive rather than concurrent process meant that some would be on their way before others. It was slightly disturbing for the first up. Red had to emulate his friend Yamamoto by being the bravest and most irresponsible at the same time.
Red’s fusion began in canon 1 while the others stared at the opaque instrument, and even with their vision capability they only saw him ‘melt’ to colour. Before they had time to discuss it Olo fired the canon. He turned to Pascal 2 and beckoned him forward. The routine was repeated until Alex 2 stepped up as the last to go. He was the very first Martian Symbiant and he could only think of how he had continually struggled to understand the Human and Axis craving of belonging. He was about to find out. Renewal had come to inorganic and organic species in equal measure.
 






