
The wave that never was

Chapter one

Wavy melodies swayed by a thin yet curvy twenty three year old woman. It echoed ominous chills that flowed through her wavy light blue hair that reached her upper back. The blue became darker as it came closer to it's end. She had one eye that was light blue and the other dark blue. She wore sea blue boots that matched two blue metal pieces of armor in the shape of waves on each side of her hips. She wore black leggins with neon blue lines that wrapped around them. She had on a white and blue feathered top over her golden lunar skin.

Fear brushed off her cheek as it was a fantastical breeze from her blue spheric metal window that she loved. She laid in her virtual room with blue neon lights and a cyborg woman riding on a wave. She turned a channel of a blue sphere shaped tv in front of her with her mind. There was an older man in a blue suit and tie that sat in front of a futuristic blue screen with silver zig zags around it. Man “waves, just transportation of energy or something more?” she turned the channel.

There was a young girl on a shoreline. Girl “please tides of my sorrow, stay away!” a large wave was heading towards her. The wave hit the girl as someone knocked on the door. She looked with sleek Eyes keen with unamusement. She saw water spreading under her blue and silver door with one blue sphere above and one below. she shook her head. She opened the door to see no one. A young woman passed her, holding a fish bowl. She followed her. Wave “isn't there anything exciting going on? Oh yea.” she climbed out the hundredth floor window and up the neon silver and blue curvy shaped building.

It had blue wavy ends around the top with neon light rivers connecting to blue spheres. She looked to the other side of the neon colored building. An older muscular man with flaming red neon hair and silver vest stared at her with the coolest smirk. She said a million things with a straight face. He wore red cargo pants with two long silver metal pieces of armor that stuck out behind him. Man “can you handle the flame miss wave?” Wave smirked. Wave stuck out her middle finger as she waved it in a crescent shape. Wave “i've already waved by it blazel.”

around them was floating blue clouds hanging over neon concrete roads that swerved into a larger tower with two statues holding blue guitars in a cross that touched the light and dark stars. announcer “i'm biben and this is a real splashy bashy! here it is folks, The final battle of shock lock and load!” many seians cheered in their floating water seats. They were human like with a small triangular fin tail. Announcer “close, dream, splash!” wave and blazel jumped off the rooftops. Wave spun around as she took out her dark blue swito.

A double edged ocean blue crescent guitar with neon water strings. It emitted waves around her as she drifted up. She dashed over and under stars, pointing and playing towards the living notes that flew towards her. Wave thought to herself. Wave “time to wave away” Blazel laughed with a heavy tone. Blazel “time to light things up in here!” his guitar engulfed into flames as he played the swito. Countless flame lines flew out into the notes. They exploded into colorful dust like fireworks. Wave “oh blazel, i'll show you why it's about flow, not the flash”

Wave threw her swito into the air. She jumped up as she swung her body around. She caught it as it emitted blue waves. She swung it in a cross shape then down. It waved countless wavy strings towards six seian men. Their hearts smiled as they flowed a fiery line into her. Little blue amoeba shaped creatures danced around her. Announcer “did you enjoy it my fellow seians?! I know I did! The winner is none other than wave! The crowd cheered with flaring passion. Neon colored water flowed through the strings of the swito statues.

Blazel “it didn't count! The light blinded me! Redo!” Wave chuckled. Wave “I did it with my eyes closed” blazel roared. Blazel “I still burned brighter!” Mysterious young voice “ ahh yes yes, winner here! That liberating feeling I've felt so many times. Like reaching the stars and. You know. I've never felt that. Did I? Do you even feel victory anymore my good glass of water?” it jumped onto her shoulder. Wave “victory, defeat, two sides of the same ocean I guess bogs” he was a slender creature as tall as her hips. He wore a blue and black vest with two pieces sticking out behind him. He had a little blue tail with three little ones at the end. With sleek yet round blue eyes and blue and green pointy reef ears. Bogs “Always straight to the shoreline but is that another wave?” He jumped off her. Bogs “You are rocking and beautiful so you have it already. I'm little and marshy so you need me to win more”

his ears flopped. wave “then it would be an empty win boggy right?” Bogs shrugged his shoulders. Bogs “isn't it all empty hopes and promises? Wave “it's not all it's cracked up to be. It comes with many things that weigh you down, if you let it.” Bogs yawned. Bogs “starhit but i'd still rather be weighed down with countless female friends and a few masheos” wave “How are you that small and have such a personality?” bogs giggled. Bogs “Compensation for my height or lack of. Also, the seemingly less believable moves bring out a bigger surprise ehh?”

wave smiled. Wave “Yet the biggest wonder is in it all, it's just seeing it like that” Bogs bowed his head. Bogs “We rock together I know” they heard a scream. Bogs “You heard that?” wave squinted her eyes at him. Bogs “Hey, you don't have my ears babe” he ran off on all fours. Wave “i have longer sense jumpy” she ran after him. A young woman was on the ground as a blue cloaked figure approached her. The young woman shivered with fear. Young woman “it tried to grab my head!” bogs “That's an odd place to. Wave hit his head. Bogs “ You don't know what I meant alright!? you women are stronger than you think.”

bogs opened up his golden blue book. The cover had a symbol of him smoking a peace pipe and holding a little amoeba female in the other hand. He began throwing frozen pages at it. The figure quickly turned to them. He slid towards them. Wave “that really worked” bogs “not my fault he doesn't understand the words!” It swung around long blue tentacles at wave. Wave ducked and swung her head back. He swept at her as she landed on her back. She flipped up as she spun kicked it in the head. The head jiggled.

Bogs “Great, a living bobble head!” it flung into the sky. Bogs “Anti climatic huh?” wave “another kind of climatic ending narrator gator!” bogs “You just a hater!” they ran towards it. Waves and bogs eyes lightened up as they saw a large dark blue triangular shaped amoeba ship in the vast cosmic sky. It had black and blue armor over it's triangular head and tentacles. Bogs “wowzee! That's a big aseaba!” wave “kinda!” blue cloaked amoebas surrounded them. Bogs “What now miss winner?”

she heard an echo in her mind. Rippling voice “dream your reality” bogs “you okay? You seem like you are on some of delanas finest rum!” wave took out her swito. Bogs “what are you going to do, melody them away?” wave “we're all a melody!” she dreamt of beating them. She slid around bogs as she played the swito. She impaled one figure and spun slashed another. She jumped into the air and played it as she headbanged. It emitted crescent waves into the amoeba ship. It rippled dreams of her and bogs. Wave saw a glimpse of her as a young girl. a young boy was next to her. Wave stood there in disbelief.

The amoeba became as big as the world as it turned into a whirlpool. It began sucking everything up. Seians were screaming as they flew into it with broken building shards and glass. Wave climbed up a building. Bogs “ Are you mad?! Wait, I know that answer question!” she made it to the top. A mysterious figure reached out its hand to her. It wore a blue cloak with a cross shaped upper part. It had a blue heart symbol on the back. Wave chuckled. Wave “I have my own hands” Mysterious figure “ we're all strangers at first. Don't see me as what you saw but with your soul” wave felt a surge of familiar energy flow through her. Flashes of memories appeared through the figure.

Wave slowly grabbed its hand. Mysterious figure “here is your dream” he lifted her up as she flew into the hole. Her screams turned into silent waves. She saw a blue light in front of her. It spoke to her soul. Light “what you dream of, dreams back into you. Are you in water or a submerged surface?” she swam towards it but went nowhere. A young boy appeared next to her. wave”is that you my brother?!” young boy “it is me, my lovely sister, it is spash! Waves eyes grew with joy and excitement. Wave “oh spash! I thought you!” she saw a young girl walking to him. Wave “is that me?”

Suddenly a mysterious liquid figure cut the land in front of them. Girl “spash! Not again! I can't bear it!” spash “be strong my wonderful sister for this divide is still one!” wave sobbed. Wave “okay big brother! I will!” the figure laughed. It slowly came closer to wave. Figure “This isn't your dream anymore. It is mine! Muhaha!” wave struggled to hit him but couldn't move” figure “that's right my helpless beautiful tiamat. Welcome to your biggest nightmare you could never escape! You don't deserve it! I do. He grew a face in the shape of a void. Two large blue tongues came out and wrapped around wave. She screamed with courage.

light rain splattered chilling nostalgia and youth. She saw a little girl in front of a lighthouse. She wore a light blue dress with a blue tiara in her long blue hair. Girl “these are the prayers of a lonely girl unanswered. The silent screams of eternal sinking. I'm still here for you brother. The rain mixes with my tears but I'll be strong for you. When you feel the rain, I'll be there, sinking forever but I don't mind. Just rattle and I will come swimming for you, even if I run out of breath cause you are my oxygen”

Chapter two

a twenty seven year old man woke up in sweats. Man “boggles!” a thin young woman with long black hair and brown eyes quickly turned at him. Woman “goggles! Now you've lost it” man “what a dream. There was a woman playing guitar and a little cat reef magician that got sucked into a hole. Young woman “sounds like marriage” the man laughed with a smug tone. His golden brown long hair covered the left part of his face and brown eye. Man “it's worse but at least there were creepy amoeba things and women” the young woman rolled her eyes. She whispered. Young woman “I'm here” man “what was that?” she shrugged.

He was in a tall house of boulders with water flowing through the cracks. The man put on a silver armor hoodie with two parts sticking out behind him. On one side was a blackened face of brown stone and the other was a white face of a man. He put brown slacks and brown boots over his toned legs. A half brown half white hoodie covered most of his face. Man “guess it's time to make an entrance! He swung his large brown and silver arm sword of stone. It had two seperate blades that came together at the end.

Young woman “watch where you swing that thing!” man “that's what she said” The place began to shake. Young woman “she's really saying now!” man “it's just another tsunami!” young woman “not too sure about this one!” she grabbed onto the tall silver and black rectangular shaped robot with long sleek computerized eyes attached by a little neck. it flickered different colored lights. The robot made beeping noises. Words appeared on his torso screen. Young woman “i know i'm sexy but now's not the time rela!” rela slapped its head. Rela “Ohh toylo!” the man began smashing the circular pond in the middle of the house. Rela “oh yea! Kill nature!” man “nothing can break me! What is that?”

a small figure rose towards him. It splashed through the pond as the place became flooded. Rela and toyla floated through the new blown side. Man “now we have easier access” wave screamed as she landed on her feet. She stared at the man in silence. Wave I'm just a wave, waving in and out, don't pout” the man laughed. Man “did I feel something? No I didn't” wave stumbled. Wave “feeling is more than one way” she couged water. Man “break time missy!” he raised his sword. Wave ran towards him as she jumped onto him.

The man caught her. Man “well that was unexpectedly easy but aren't they all!” Wave was sleeping. Man “who says beauty doesn't come right into your lap?” rela “you are a lady magnet it seems etero” Etero “either way, it doesn't phase me” wave slowly awoke. She quickly jumped up and pointed her swito at eteros neck. Etero smirked. Etero “you think you can break what you could never be?” wave giggled. Wave “it seems I already have!” she slid around him playing crescent waves at him.

Etero swung his sword around in a helicopter fashion as he jumped up and slammed it into the ground. Etero “Shataro!” The place shook as wave played off key. Etero “Rock always beats water!” he yelled. Wave bent back as she slashed down at etero. Etero caught her swito. Wave snapped her finger at him and winked. The ground below him fell into the water. She grabbed the falling swito. Wave “but water always has the rock” etero splashed from the surface. Etero “Don't think i’m just another rock!”

wave “guess I didn't get through to you” he became enraged. Rela ran in. rela “stop it! Water is rock and you aren't just an element damn it!” they both looked at another in disgust. Rela “Like the raging tides meeting the rocking land, you will co exist!”etero and wave “we are but I don't like it” they looked at another in shock. Rela laughed. Rela “You are so alike!” etero “Why did you shake things up?” wave “you were always shaking. Etero brushed his hair with confidence. Wave “I am wave, delanas champion of shock lock and load” etero waved his hands in the air sarcastically. etero “okay all mighty goddess. You put much thought into that fairy tale story huh.”

wave “you wouldn't understand, how do you know you are even from here?” etero “maybe but I don't want to amnesia lady. I know because I have close people to me here and I feel right here. Wave “I've felt that too but is that the truth?” ereto “i know it is. If this place is up to your standards, emorel, kingdom of emerald welcomes you” wave “don't get too prideful. Delana was much prettier” etero “maybe but not as sturdy as here miss space princess. You see that?” he pointed to a huge emerald and sapphire hourglass statue in the sky. That's saphra, our time and space. What we do affects it.

It had green and blue mirror bridges that reached floating islands and clouds. wave “how primitive but majestic. Like us, trapped in glass moons, eager to reflect to the other side, yet when we get there, we want to go back” etero “You never know what wave you'll wave next huh?

We are bound to it like you are to your homeland. As long as we move, it will follow us. We work in sync with the upper sky world, cloirus” wave “you just let it enslave you” etero'' I'm never a slave. You are part of this too. Wave giggled. Wave “yes but the sea dragon doesn't play in the illusive pool”  they heard screaming. Etero ran into the middle of the city. etero thought to himself. Etero “she really is like a wave. Coming in and out like she never did. Not much different from me” wave thought to herself. Wave “it feels like i'm still drifting away. Is this another dream or another reality? What if I never get back? What does it matter? The only thing I've got is me. Yea. That's what I'll keep telling myself anyway.”

Suddenly hooded amoebas rose from the glowing shoreline. One lifted up its arm to ereto. Wave waved her swito diagonally up and down and again on the other side. It emitted a wave into the hoodie creature. Wave “you we're about to be a cracked egg” ereto “haha. I'd still rock it more than you! It's your fault they're here!” he swung his sword up and down as sharp edged blocks came out of it and into two hooded creatures. Wave chuckled. Wave “your place brought me here and they followed me”

ereto “Stop being so alluring then!” wave “i will just stop the natural order of the universe! You’d stop having senses if you had any at all!” they were back to back fighting off the hordes of creatures. They spun around their weapons in a circle countless times. Wave “this is more hopeless than your stubbornness!” etero “it's no hopeless if it fits! Sometimes what has hope is the true hopelessness” wave “that was not you talking” the creatures wrapped their arms around their head.

Etero “ahh my mind! I'm feeling tired” wave “damn it. I'll never go to sleep!” she felt sleepy. With each flicker she saw the creature slowly become delana. Waves eyes opened up with wonder and excitement. Wave “delana! Is that you?” she began walking towards it. A hoodie man walked up to it. He raised his hand at it as it slowly flowed into him. Wave “no! What are you doing! This is my home!” he laughed softly as it became louder and louder. Man “do you even know where you are from? How would you? After all you are just a”

she awakened. The hooded creatures were falling down. Etero “you up sleeping beauty?!” a blue hooded man took out a long shimmering blue sea sword. Two water spheres floated side by side in front of him. He slashed his sword in a circle as he spun around. The spheres flew into the hooded creatures. The spheres erupted into bigger explosions of water. He waved his sword horizontally as the water waved away. Etero “Cool but no raw power!” wave “a different kind”

he walked towards them. Wave “you may be flashy but that only gets you so far!” she raised her swito at him. He walked past them. He picked up one of the hooded creatures. A twenty nine year old built man jumped off his large blue animals back. It had six legs with three ameoba like paws. It had wavy blue hair with large blue googly eyes. It had small triangular fin wings on each side with zig zag antennas. The man wore large blue and gold armor and a black cape. It had a symbol of a man on top of a divided world. He had short blonde hair slicked back with a matching moustache.

He talked with an aggressive deep tone. Man “your work is done but go faster next time. After all, you work for prince physel, heir to the emela throne!” man “that's just a higher nothing” physel became enraged. Physel yelled. Physel “you work for me aspor so bring it now!” the man chuckled. Man “i work for no one” etero ran to rela. Etero “rela? Are you okay?!” he shook her. Wave “it seems like these things made her depressed. Rela spoke softly with low energy. Rela “oh etero, I feel so sad!”

etero slammed his sword on the ground. Etero “rahh!” wave “you have joy inside you. Let it overcome the sadness” her swito began to glow. Etero “your stringamigig is glowing” Wave “I feel a deep surge of energy through me. Like a melody telling me to play it” she began floating on a misty wave. She played her swito as it echoed out a calming melody. She danced around the town as she played. The waves flew into the people. They suddenly awoke. Etero “rela?!” rela “I feel better! Thank you wave! Felt like I was being a depress jess”

etero “You really are from another place huh” wave “perhaps this was that place?” Aspor walked over to wave. aspor “come with us, it will be like your eyes that wave eternal dreams” He picked up her hand and kissed it. Wave ripped her hand from him. She began slashing towards him smoothly. He evaded each one. She turned around and slashed back at him. aspor blocked her attacks with his sword. They sweeped another’s feet as they fell on the ground with each sword against another's neck. Wave “next time, you'll wave goodbye to that hand”

aspor “it will just come right back but did it ever go?” Physel “Come or you will meet a worse fate than what could've happened!” Etero laughed. Etero “you think i'm going to go with you, prince of silver spoons and insanity?” physel “You think you have a choice? You simple minded peanut!” etero “this peanut has more spunk than your stonehead!” physel “You are charged with bringing these dangerous creatures here!” wave “it seems you are the real danger” physel “enough lip out of you little wavy!”

aspor waved his hand as a blue neon light with wings glowed in front of her. she slowly fell asleep into his arms. Aspor brushed her hair. Aspor “ahh, like a reef with an intellect, slowly falling into her own dream, faster than she can comprehend, she swims towards it forever” etero “that won't work on me!” physel slammed his hammer stone hands together into eteros head. Etero stuttered and stumbled. Etero “iiii i'm just messing around!” he fell down. Physel laughed maniacally. Physel “ all talk and trouble. you will soon be my slaves!”

chapter three

etero was a young boy in a vast glass stone city. Tall black and white buildings with four triangular ends at the top. They had neon lights flowing in between each stone. He saw a young girl waving at him. Etero “is that you stana?” she giggled as she ran off. Etero “stana!” he ran after her. He kept running through the streets. Etero “Where did you go?!” he turned around to see her. Etero “stana!” he ran to her. The buildings began to shake. They crashed into another. Etero screamed. Etero “Stana!”

he fell to his knees. Etero shed a tear. Etero “my beautiful girl! An innocent angel taken away!” the rubble shook. Etero “ huh?” it formed into a large stone creature with large eyes everywhere. Eteros eyes widened in shock. Fear flew through his soul. Creature “i am your biggest end! You will never get past me! Wallow in your fear and broken pride!” etero yelled. Etero “no! That isn't true!” you hear me!
Wave “yes we do and we're tired of it!” etero “Too bad you can't handle my rock hardness!” wave smirked. Wave “I wouldn't want to and can you even handle yourself?” etero smashed the metal bars around him. Etero “you ever have a dream where you are running forever and you get nowhere?” wave “maybe” Etero “well I just did” wave and etero “then I saw a creature that made me freeze, like a nightmare” etero and wave looked at another in excited wonder.

Wave and etero “you too?!” a tall guard came into the large royal futuristic cabin. He had a blue and silver helmet with a long sharp point on the top. He wore blue chest armor with silver plates on the side of his legs. He carried two short daggers on each side of his holster. the guard spoke in a demeaning mocking voice. Guard “ look at us, were the masters of being in sync! No one cares so close your mouths!” etero “you are the only one talking!” guard “that's it!”

he ran to a large control panel. He pressed a button. Wave and etero felt a shock through their skin. Etero “is that all you can do!?” wave “how shocking. The oldest trick in the book” the guard laughed. Guard “that's right, i'm your. The ship began to shake. Etero “what was that?” guard “ I said, I am your. Suddenly the wall exploded. A human with her legs as metal fins grabbed the guard. Etero “what did I just see?” wave “seems like a mermaid” etero “haha. You are too funny sometimes”

physel “do you know who you are dealing with, mazee merla? Fire like this is your last battle you heathens!” The guards shot the metal triangular cannons at the large blue and black mermaid shaped ship with a fin that reached to the top. On the side was a symbol of a dark mermaid with skull bones behind it. A dark mermaid human jumped onto the ship as she slashed a guards neck. She had dark blue eyeliner that came out like waves over her sleek brown and blue eyes. Her ears like short blue fins. She flowed blue and black long hair that matched her metal scale chest plate. She had a metal tail fin hidden. She had silver and green metal scale armor on each side of her legs with green scaly boots.

Mazee merla chuckled. Mazee merla “ahh, the privilege of men, doing what you want just to satisfy your egos and to hide your quivering fear within!” she swung her blue and green tail at two oncoming guards. Pyhsel laughed. Pyhsel “we earned that right and oh is it good! The fear empowers us!” His stone arms grew larger as he slammed them towards mazee merla. She sidestepped each strike. Physel “so don't cry when you don't get your way!” She ducked then bent backwards evading his hammering strikes. She wrapped her tail around pyhsel and lifted him in the air. She took out her medium length blue sword with a sharp fin on the end. She pointed it at physels forehead.

Mazee merla “so predictable of you men, always talking but never listening. Watch out and don't get too fast, you might fall over!”she laughed with a sinister tone. Physel began shaking as he broke the hold. Mazee merla “ahh!” physel “Hahaha! Lost your grip huh?” he grabbed her and lifted her up in a bear hug. She sighed. Mazee merla giggled. Mazee merla “like the water, i've already slipped past you!” physel “you women are no different, you just passively hide your sneaky domination! Abusing your seemingly inferiority as an escape!”

mazee merla “hehe. You can't hide your true dream! She slipped out of his arms. She grabbed a young woman in a blue and white royal dress with long white curly hair and blue eyes. She put her sword up to her neck. Mazee merla “you see you always got us wrong physel. It's not for superiority like you but for equality!” she jumped on the edge. Physel “Sina! For a justice fighter, you are filthy!” mazee merla chuckled. Mazee merla “to get high, you gotta get down and dirty!” he jumped into the ocean as sina screamed. Physel ran to the edge. Physel “Sina! He began throwing guards into the water. Physel “Get my daughter you lazy saps!” waves wall exploded. Etero “wow you too! Someone likes playing with bombs”

wave dived into the hole. Etero “hey wave. You just going to leave me?! Haha! Wave out of here then! I'll break out myself!” he began banging on the bars. He became more angry with each hit. Etero “they should've used rock damn it!” Wave swam like a mermaid with her fin towards mazee merla. Two mermaids swung their tail at wave. Wave flipped back and around them as she slashed them left to right. Mazee merla “ahh, one of us huh?” wave “only one of me”

mazee merla “hehehe! What does it matter! I'm the amazing mazee merla and you should pray that you have the honor of facing me!” wave “I'm honored to fight dishonor” mazee merla “isn't it interesting their entwined? There is no honor, only your way” wave “well your way isn't my way” wave played her swito as she swam around in a spiral. Mazee merla swam over and under the waves. Mazee merla spun her tail. She flung the whirlpool vortex towards wave. Wave spun her swito over and over.

She turned around and laid back as her swito shot out a vortex. The vortex flew into mazee merla. She spun around in turmoil. Mazee merla “this is my mastery! It only makes me stronger!” wave swam into her. They spun around as they wrestled. They fell into the ocean floor. Mazee merla struck down at wave. Wave swam around it. Mazee merla came down with the blade repeatedly on wave as wave blocked each slash. Mazee merla looked up. Mazee merla “i'll ripple on!” she slammed into a rock.

Wave “talk about rock bottom.” she caught sina as she swam up to the surface. She let her down. Physel ran to her. Physel “Sina! What did you do to her!” wave “i just saved her serious seri. want me to throw her back in?” Physel gave her a mean look. Physel breathed air into her lungs. Physel “Come on sina!” Sina coughed as water poured out of her mouth. Physel “Sina! Good girl!” he hugged her. She let out tears of passion. Sina “Father it was scary!” physel “you scaredy cat!” wave “really?”

physel “you have no right to speak kid napper!” wave smirked. Wave “it seems she's no child. I think I know the real child” physel became enraged. Physel “guards!? Get her!” the guards stuck her back with a long white needle. Wave chuckled. Wave “Don't insult me” she fell down. Physel “damn woman, always falling” wave slowly awoke. A guard was poking her. Guard “get up lazy face!” wave “you are too lazy to stop doing this right?” the guard moaned. Guard “move!” she walked off the boat.

Etero “oh how was your swim miss heroine?” Wave rolled her eyes. Wave “There are no heroines or heros, only actors and actresses of someone's free story. Maybe I stopped her from something better” Etero “maybe but isn't it about this now?” wave “its all now” they walked down a large golden concrete carpet. Around them we're large gold and black skyscraper castles with trees in between. The biggest one laid in front of them. It had two man statues holding up a gold earth on top of the fifty foot gold castle mechanical tower. It had black royal circular towers with glass around the main classical windows.

Etero “grand city but reeks of artificial royalty” wave “Bioengineered reality, what a beautiful tragedy” etero “they just infuse nature and its lifeforce with our own made chemicals. Everyone just seems to go with it but they know inside” wave “they'll have to deal with it” etero “what the hell? One minute you are super woman and the next you are heartless” wave laughed. Wave “no one cares about you in the end” etero “only yourself” they walked through the fifty foot golden and black metal classical doors.

They walked into a large room with a golden chandelier as big as half the room. There were digital screens and rock paintings on the walls. Aspor and physel were standing next to a hooded creature on an operating table. Aspor slowly removed the hood. It had a pulled back amoebic blue mind with a human like face. Its eyes were blue round orbs. Physel “What are they?” aspor “dremels. Kids without dreams” Physel “what?” wave “did you take them?” aspor “if I did, wouldn't it be another dream?

They feed off people's dreams to make them their own. They sacrifice their dreams out of fear, believed to follow everyone elses for security. desperate youth in need of acceptance as they are force fed with illusive comfort and corrupted artificial paths. like airwaves of music, stimulating the receptors of what compels their minds, what eases them, establishing control.” etero “Don't they think if they like it?” aspor “it is like a son and mother, doing what's familiar for so long, you are used to it, comfortable with it. Why would you take a chance by breaking the cycle and losing everything you have? That's the way they think”

wave “Familiar safety over their real heart and freedom.” aspor “heh. Either way, you are always a slave to yourself, the only difference is if it's from within.You should know. You've been having dreams when they touch you, am I right?” wave and etero stared at another. Etero “you know nothing!” wave “so they absorb our dreams and transfer it into their own?” aspor “not far off dreamy rain drop” wave flared up. Wave “i'll show you a drop” aspor laughed. Aspor “it seems they are formless beings from another source” wave “like asteroids” Aspor nodded. Aspor “now if I take a sample of it's mind, I might be able to find out what makes them tick”

etero “bring them on I say! Who needs dreams when you have reality!” wave shook her head. Wave “Do you even know what reality is and is it everything?” etero “its all I have” wave “you've never had anything but the notion of it” physel cackled. Physel “soon i'll acquire the power of dremels and rule everything! Wave giggled. Wave “you can't rule what isn't you” physel laughed. physel “I'm here and you are there no? no more ramblings by you two! Off to the dungeon you go!” the guards poked etero. Etero “you are lucky you royal punk”

they walked down the cellar stairs as drips of sorrow and dead dreams rippled on the puddles. Guard “get in there!” they threw them into the metal jail cell and closed it. Wave “from this view, you are the ones in prison” the guard laughed. Guard “I'd rather this one you sea string!” etero “i can't stand being trapped! I'm an outdoor kind of guy! This is cramping my style” wave “you are already trapped and what would you do outside mister styles? Be hard?” etero smirked. Etero “you don't want that answer” wave “you are right I don't”

etero “what is going on with these dremels wavy?” wave paused and looked down. Wave “it seems that they are like us, looking for dreams to escape, to be free” etero “free? Who needs that when you have yourself? Wave “Don't you wish for a better life for rela? You?” etero “ehh I guess but i'm going to keep what we have now” wave “you are truly stuck in your ways huh?” etero “no more than you” wave “those dreams felt so real, as if they happened” etero “yea. Have you ever woken up and still felt like you were dreaming?” wave “all the time. Maybe we never wake up”

“etero “come on wave! Can't you just wave through the bars?!” wave “I already have” she smirked.

Etero “oh no. I know that smirk'' mysterious voice “oh well that's no fun at all” waves senses went haywire with familiarity. Wave “no way” she looked at the bars. Bogs “Waking up is when the fun springs beyond! I'd rather never sleep. Too many complications and you all floaty and stuff” wave “boggy! You little sneaky cat!” bogs smirked and pointed at them. Bogs “Just your local dimension drifting cat boy at your service” he slid through the bars. Etero was stunned. Etero “What is that? A magician cat man?”

bogs “Even if I told you, it would be just another illusion ehh?” he ran from spot to spot. Bogs “I may be me, maybe a reflection of another one, even you!” etero “You could never get close to me!” bogs “In me, I am closest to you” wave “how the hell did you get here?” bogs “Well after that huge mashio at delana where you left me. He cleared his throat. Wave “i thought you were faster than that” she smirked. Bogs “I was as i’m here now right when you need me. So I saw this little spiraling whirlpool.

I heard a voice like yours so I jumped in. I awoke in an offshore island called, isleel. This little native woman helped me recover. I went adventuring for her and bam, I saw you guys get carried into here and whish whoosh, here I am” etero “what a bogus story” he laughed. Bogs “you must've found him somewhere interesting” wave smirked. Wave “oh I did. Can't I get rid of you?” bogs “i guess not. Seems I'm like a magnet” wave “maybe but where's the key?” bogs “of course. Straight for the treasure. No appreciation.”

wave “it's just not right without it. It's like saving a mistress and then letting her fall” bogs “nothing wrong with that. Haha. I have some fantasies to attend to!” wave “faster bogs!” bogs “i am speed!” etero “how do you know that little weird freak?” wave “long story. He's just a far out excited enthusiast” etero “more like a hyper cat sage” bogs slid across the walls. He tiptoed as lunged over to the edge of the wall. A guard was walking towards him. He snatched the key and ran off. The guard yelled. Guard “you little inny! You are done!” he ran after him.

Bogs ran in a jail cell. Guard “stay in there! Bogs “I can't if I have the key!” the guard reached for him. Bogs slid through the jail bars again. Bogs “In and out is what i'm about! Which one is which?” the guard ran into the cell. Bogs locked him in. bogs “ So little yet so clever I say!” guard “I've got a spare!” the guard reached into his pocket. Guard “no no no. I know it’s here” he slowly looked up at bogs. Bogs tangled the key. The guard became enraged as he ran towards the gate. Guard “when I get out, you are my next meal!”

bogs “Not feeling going through your stiff pipes!” bogs ran to waves cell and unlocked the door. Bogs “Never count out the little man!” etero “Do we have to go with him?” wave “I don't remember inviting you with us” bogs “that's my wave” etero “no problem. You will just slow me down!” he walked off. Bogs “Why is everyone in a rush?” wave ran off. Bogs “You too?!” he ran after them. They heard a scream in the distance. Bogs “Must be my ex” wave “wait. Look” They saw a blue amoeba like tail slide into a room with blood.

Wave paused as if she was in a trance. The wall became covered in bloody words. The words spelt, “the water has you” she jumped with fear as the words became worms that crawled around her. She envisioned an older man in blue and black slacks. There were two waves in a cross shape on the chest. He wore a metal sheet glass helmet. it Flowed water from the ocean symbol in the middle above through the black and blue eye shapes. it was all in a phazy blaze. There were flashing lights everywhere and everything was blurry. She was seventeen years old. Older man “hurry up wave! He isn't here!” Wave shook her head as she cried. Wave “no! I wont leave him here!” the floor collapsed into a whirl pool.

Wave saw a young boy with water flowing around his eyes. He had blue rivers flowing from his head. He spoke in her mind. boy “won't you dream with me!?” Wave nodded as she jumped into the water. Older man “no! Wave! What have I done!” wave screamed as she spiraled around. The whirlpool became a world of blue and white towers that spiraled water around them.

Boy “I'll be here forever with you okay so don't worry” wave stared at him in awe. Wave “who are you?” boy “i'm like you, just a wave. A phase but I will change that in time. We won't have to leave anymore” wave shook her head. Bogs “You okay? I've never seen you so far into space” wave whispered in a trance. Wave “saphel.” she slowly walked to the door. Bogs “I agree with whoever that is” he ran after her. Etero lifted up a guard and threw him into the wall. Etero “heh, like a boomerang but you aren't coming back”

wave slowly walked past etero. Etero “Wave? What did you give her?” bogs “unfourintaly nothing” they heard talking through the large metal royal door. Wave looked through. It was physel, aspor and an older slender knight. He wore a zig zag shaped gold and black armor. He had long flowing brown hair with sleek brown eyes. Physel laughed maniacally. Physel “Our revenue from these city scum has been quite high” aspor “it seems that fake promise of higher wages and freedom has worked well” physel “nothing better than robbing the poor. They think we're using the gold for the people but it's going into our pockets!”

aspor “ they blindly believe in the main distraction as the truth lies behind the scenes” etero became enraged. He lifted up his sword. Etero “I'll distract you aloof goof!” wave grabbed his sword and pulled it down. Bogs “she's right. If we attack now, it will be a grand show we don't want” etero grunted. Cunning sultry voice “hehehe! That gold could drown you further than not having it at all, Even gold rusts but science lives forever” A slender yet curvy older woman. She wore a white and red trench coat with a green heart on the back. Half of her lips were flaming red and glittery green. One of her sleek green eyes had black and green vines around it. She had her long brown hair in a bun.

Physel “there she is, miss sciney serene! How is it coming along?” bogs “Who is that scientific beauty?” wave shook her head. Sciney serene “it is so much more than two letters but if you must know, it is wrapping around quite nicely! She has quite an appetite yet very rambunctious. So dormant yet secretly dominant. She just might end up with you” She giggled in an innocent yet sinister tone. Physel “it better be and she would be so lucky!” sciney serene “oh dear, have you forgotten that it is my company, platarius that has enabled you to fund this place?” physel steamed up. Physel “i’m the reason for it and if it wasn't for me, you would be in the jungle with your plant freaks”

sciney serene “this is the city jungle that is corroded. By the way, she escaped” physels eyes bursted wide. Physel “Impossible!” sciney serene giggled has she adjusted her green vined glasses. Sciney serene “not that one. The other one” physel “saphel!?” sciney serene “it seems someone here set her off” she looked at the door. Wave ducked as she felt her lifeforce draining. Wave “ugh” Aspor shook with familiar energy. Aspor “what about the woman?” physel “she seems skilled but she's no match for me!” knight“my new prey” he walked off. physel “he always freaks me out. Like a one word mime” aspor walked off. Physel “you too? No matter, our trip to cloirus is about to begin!” eteros eyes opened up. Etero “They're going up! To cloirus!”

Chapter four

wave “listen to you mister captain man” etero “men should lead” wave “yea, into desolation” etero grunted. Etero “sometimes that's the way!” the place began to shake. Bogs “waving wackahoots! Waves are coming for wave!” wave “you know how you joke bogs?” bogs “i'm the little joker!” wave “now isn't the time” bogs “it's the perfect time!” wave felt a strange feeling. She looked at the silver metal pipes as a flash of her running from saphel appeared over and over. Bogs “i want to see what you are seeing? Is it that old drunk man telling you that we are all a ball of cheese?” wave “no. she's coming.” water leaked from the pipes as it formed into saphel. Everyone's eyes lit up. Etero “heh. It's just a huge blob of water. I'll make it wiggle forever!” bogs “that's a lot of jigglyness!” a wave built inside her. It then reflected towards them. Wave “it's time to wave on!” etero “easy for you to say!” the wave crashed into them as they drifted through the hallways. Wave was riding it.

Bogs “hold on to your bones!” They flew through a hole and into the indera ocean. Bogs “well that flowed oddly. So wave, who is this saphel?” wave stared into the setting sunset that flared warm passion, like a hazy light ocean rippling dreams. Wave “an entity from an unknown world” she swam off. Etero “that's it? Stop being neon!” wave thought to herself. Wave “if she was here then is he? Like this ocean, I'll keep drifting on till I find the shoreline. How much longer till I breathe again?”

A ship approached them. Bogs “we have a drifting guest!” wave knew who it was. Mermaids jumped into the ocean. They grabbed etero, bogs and wave. Bogs “why aren't you being your killer self wave?” wave “let it flow” she thought to herself. Wave “as if I ever listened to my own advice” etero swung his sword but it barely moved. Etero “cheaters! Fight me on land!” mermaid “hehehe. This is our floaty land!” etero grunted. Etero “wait till we get on land!” they threw them onto the metal boat that rose up.

A mermaid spun her tailfin as their weapons locked with a blue aura around them. Etero “your loss of a loss” wave “you would know” etero brushed his hair. Etero “that's when you are together” a mermaid walked up to them. Mazee merla “fancy meeting you again in my ocean but what ripples away ripples back it seems” he twirled her finger around waves neck. Bogs “you are just the party animal ehh?” mazee merla “she is quite the social mermaid. No one has taken me down before but no one has escaped me either”

bogs “wave only likes male glasses of water” etero chuckled. Wave smirked. Mazee merla giggled. Mazee merla “the one who jokes is the one who secretly chokes” bogs began choking. Mazee merla laughed loudly. Mazee merla “sea or land, man or women, we divide another just to glorify ourselves, yet it seperates us” Etero “separation can be in unification as a disguise queen freedom speecher. I'd rather be separate from separating” mazee merla chuckled. Mazee merla “yes but no matter what, you have to depart, like the sun from the horizon”

wave “where are you going?” mazee merla “that is none of your concern!” wave “i'm not here for your philosophical rants. We're going after physel and he's headed towards cloirus” mazee merla stared at her in shock. Mazee merla “you have quite a vicious wave for being calm” she turned around. Mazee merla “are you now? How should I trust you?” wave “would we be swimming around if we were with them? Besides, you know I work for no one” mazee merla looked at her eyes.

 Mazee merla “you can tell if someone is telling the truth from the substance in their eyes. Yours tells it. There was a deadly war five years ago called the war of oceans. The mermaids or shall I say, seians, revolted against physel and the kingdom of emorels slave trading. Bogs nudged at wave. Wave signaled to stay quiet. Mazee merla “It was a hard fought war with many sacrificed life and dreams. We all gave it our all and victory was ours”

etero “damn right! I remember that! I killed a few knight lackeys too!” mazee merla “hehe. Still, his rule harms us with evacuations and tax raises. My daughter meza fought against physel. One of the greatest seian ever to grace the sword but physel struck her down and she left me. I swore from that day that I would avenge her death! My word rings forever through these seas!” wave “i know about losing others as i've lost someone too but let it propel your strength” mazee merla “i do and same to you” etero “nice friendly bonding stories but are you going to kill us or party with us?”

wave “straight to the point like always” etero smirked. Mazee merla “it is decided. We will go to cloirus and rip that stone hearted apart!” bogs “Whoa. That sounds fun but messy” etero “what's the point of being clean if you never get dirty?” wave “are we ever clean or is that a freed filth?” etero was walking towards a white vintage lighthouse on the edge of a sandy beach. He heard a woman singing inside. Etero walked into the lighthouse. He saw a sultry woman in blue at the edge of the water hole.

Etero “Your voice is like a blue dream that i've heard before, an ocean of familiarity that haunts my soul with calming melodic freedom” the sultry woman laughed with a mischievous yet innocent tone. Woman “if it reminds you and you are real then is this even a dream?” etero smirked. Etero “does it matter? This feeling is realer than real to me. Like a lullaby of escape and peace” woman “I just want to dream and sing forever” eteros eyes lit up. Etero “we already are” he went to hug her. She began to stumble. Etero “it's okay i've got you!” she fell into the hole.

Etero yelled. Etero “i'm coming!” he tried to jump in but was paralyzed. A blurry man with a blue and black mask flickered in the waving water. Masked man “haha. Just stand there like you always do! You won't save her like you didn't save her!” etero tried harder to move. Etero “no! I will save her! Who are you!?” a masked man laughed in a sinister tone. Masked man “i am your own pain! Your end!” etero smirked. Etero “my pain is my power!” he watched the woman drown deeper and deeper.

Etero woke up in sweats. Bogs jumped up. Bogs “dreaming of rock woman?” etero “sort of but its too hard for you spunky” bogs laughed as he jumped up. Bogs “too hard in softness stiffy and no matter the difficulty, the story is the same” etero “stick it up your tailpipe and smoke it” bogs “you can't see that i'm already gone from the smoke in you” it was night time and the moon glowed a strange peculiar blue light.

Etero heard angelic singing. He walked upstairs to the deck. He saw wave. She stared into the sea with a face of premonition and complexity as she swayed side by side. Wave stopped on a high note. Etero “you sing quite nicely for such a cold woman” wave “you never know what someone's true intentions are. What they are going through. Like the cold air, freezing and frigid, yet wielding the sharpest soul and release. Remember that” Etero “Whoa. Didn't want you to go cool teacher on me. So I guess it's not if it's cold or not but it's the reason” wave looked at him in shock. Etero laughed. Etero “See, even this hardhead can learn. It doesn't mean I will believe it.” wave shook her head. Etero “Your voice reminded me of this woman’s voice in my dreams” Wave “Follow it as dreams lead to reality.

When I sing, I hear the ocean waves sing with me. Like sapphire horizons of glass on a moon blanket waving tranquil melody. I feel like I'm drifting away to a safe place of imagination, as if I'll never die” etero “like this boat, endlessly floating wherever the ocean takes us. Wave “we are the ocean. look at your reflection on the surface. What do you see?” etero “i see a handsome strong man” wave smirked. Wave “don't get carried away. Now, look at it with a cleared mind” etero closed his eyes.

He opened them. He saw himself as a young boy. Etero “is that me? I'm so young and scared” wave “that is your inner consciousness. If you let it suffer inside, you will surely suffocate” etero became enraged. Etero “it's just a reflection and it isn't me!” he walked off. Wave “oh etero” Waves reflection turned into her as a younger woman. The ocean burned blue flames. Waves eyes lit up. She felt a chill of familiar horror through her soul. Wave “it can't be!” she collapsed as etero caught her.

Etero “wave?!” someone splashed out of the ocean. It was a man floating in the air. He had long blue hair in a cross. One of his eyes was deep blue and the other was black. He wore a blue and black coat with a circular shape in the middle as Water flowed through them. He had on blue and black cargo pants. Man “the moon set the dreams ablaze, when they truly begin” Etero “what are you babbling about!?” man “you will know wave because you are after all, just a wave” he dropped a small amoeba into the water as he phazed out into the atmosphere.

Etero “What the hell?” bogs ran to wave. Bogs “Already at it with her? What did you use?” etero “no time for jokes bogo! There was this guy that just said something then left!” wave whispered. Wave “drein” etero “who?” suddenly the boat shook. Wave “it's her. Bogs “Not her! who's she?” a large amoeba creature rose from the water. It's oval shape stood twenty five feet in the air. It had two amoeba eyes attached to blue tentacles that came from it's human female shaped head with closed eyes. It had long blue string hair that covered her face. amoebas moved around it.

Wave “her” Etero “she's nothing but blubber!” bogs “blubber tubber, you'll be jiggling forever!” the creature shot water bullets towards them. Two mermaids fell down. Mazee merlas soul resonated with grief. mazee merla “ marela and leina! Your soul will go on through me! we awakened the sea it seems. Time to put her to sleep!” mazee evaded its tentacle swing as she slid on it towards the head. Etero caught a tentacle and swung it into the air. Etero “for jello, you sure fly far!” bogs threw energized paper of different shapes towards it. Mazee merla “I'll show you the deepest abyss!” mazee merla spun as she slashed the head with her fin and sword.

She swung water waves at it as she dived into the head with her sword. The tentacles grew back. Bogs “it's useless as long as she's in the water!” Etero “Anyday wave!” bogs “Where's the wave I know? Really though. It's getting rather damp” wave shook her head. She stared at the creature. She looked at bogs and etero. The water wrapped around her as it sparked. It exploded away from her in a slow motion sphere of electricity. She was floating in the air glowing blue and white energy around her. She had glowing long ears as electrical waves flowed through her pale blue exposed legs. She had countless blue and silver strings coming from her hair and lower back. She had a blue and white cape with an end being a wave.

Her eyes were a whitish blue. Etero “Guess that's the second wave!” She jumped towards the water on her waves. She slid around it playing and slashing each tentacle. Wave “feel the melody of the softest end!” the creature roared as a blue female baby with a sprout on its head flew out of the core.
Mazee merla “the true soul always lies in the deepest depths'' etero “I wasn't expecting that. Babies always show up when you don't want them to” mazee merla spiraled and slashed through it from all directions. Bogs ran in sonic speed around it, making it spin around. Wave bent backwards and forwards as waves with music notes appeared around the baby. She swung her swito diagonally left and right then down. The waves flew through the baby. The baby cried as it fell into the water.

The creature melted into the ocean as steam was all that remained. Mazee merla “that's why they call me amazee!” wave “if you have to say it then you weren't it” mazee merla laughed. Mazee merla “it's too good not for me to clarify it!” bogs “What a shipwrecking finale!” etero “I did all the heavy lifting. Heh.” wave “it's not that hard to lift a weightless creature” etero “weightless? That statement is weightless” wave laughed. Wave “it won't hold me down” etero “anyway, what the hell is going on?”

Chapter five

bogs “yea wavy. You've got to tell us some of the secret dark files and why the hell you became a super almighty water goddess” mazee merla'' I too find this odd play intriguing” wave breathed in and out. Wave “okay.” when I was eighteen on delana, I was waiting for my brother to return from his venture for the dream ocean. It was an ancient place where they say dreams are from” wave was on a porch of a large futuristic sapphire city house at night. It lit up neon lights through the cracks. She had short blue hair in a ponytail. She wore a blue and black vest and a blue skirt. She had on blue sea boots with waves on the ends. Wave “here they come!” her eyes lit up with excitement.

two men in blue and black battle suits with blue hearts on their backs approached the entrance of delana. They wore a metal sheet glass helmet. it Flowed water from the ocean symbol in the middle above through the black and blue eye shapes. Another man walked up in between them. It was drein. Drein “ahh home sweet home. Just as bustling and smelly as always isn't it? this is the only place I remember. It's the only thing I have” a twenty one year old man walked up behind him.

Man “home isn't just where you are from, it's where you feel free” drein laughed with a sinister tone. Drein “freedom, even that feels like an imprisonment. to use that word is foolish as we're never free, only another end” man “you'll never be free if you think like that” the man wore blue and white pants and a silver vest with blue lines connecting on the chest. He had shoulder length black hair with blue streaks that covered one of his deep blue round eyes. Wave ran towards the man crying.

She jumped into his arms. Wave “oh spash! It's about time!” She punched his shoulder. Spash “Okay my random wavy dolphin! You aren't a baby anymore okay?” wave smirked. Wave “i'm just a tearful cool” spash wiped off her tears. spash looked at drein. Spash “She is why I feel this is home” drein smirked as he felt an empty surge of sorrow flow through him. Drein “home is a person? Hmm” wave “did you find it!? What happened!?” spash laughed. Spash “Much happened but I can't tell you that. It's classified”

wave “enough of this classifiedness. Information is meant to be shared. It's like holding in truth!” spash laughed. Spash “i guess so but somethings should be kept inside. It's what makes you, you. I'll tell you all about it when we go to the sealopis” fear and excitement flew through wave. Wave “that huge robotic machine fish in the sea?” spash nodded. Spash “that's my sister!” wave smiled as she pointed at him. Wave “where are you going?” spash “there” wave “Aren't you going to say hi to mom and dad?”

spash “i will in time. We have to hurry to sealopis” wave looked back at her house. She nodded as she walked with spash. They walked to the edge of a dark stormy sea. A large mechanical fish with blue futuristic antlers and a metal bluefin splashed out of the water. Wave “is it natural?” drein chuckled. Drein “what's left of it. Even its heart is a machine” wave “i'm all for technology but taking away it's natural self makes them lifeless” spash “indeed. We're slowly destroying our true soul and free will for reliance on machines”

they swam in the fish towards the large robotic fish under the sea. It had mechanical fins and tentacles with a metal circular head with blue fish eyes around it. Spash “See those pipe tentacles? They pump the water into the earretha machine in the ground. It then solidifies into food and energy that reflects into delana” wave “so what we eat and live in is reflected solidified water?” spash nodded. wave “what happens when we run out of water?”

drein “i think you know that answer” spash “that is why we are here. We heard that there is another way to feed ourselves” wave “we can't let the water deplete anymore” Drein “hmpf. Its' either that or die. What would you choose?” the huge metal door with two fishes opened up. Drein walked off. Wave “what's up with mister serious?” spash “don't mind him, he's straightforward but cares” wave “i guess so” they walked through the red and blue lighted glass hallways. They arrived at the main chamber.

Drein was in front of a large amoeba creature in a glass container that hung above water. It had a feminine face that had two water lines underneath its big blue eyes. She had sharp metal blades around her head with long blue metal hair. She had metal tentacles from her head that were connected to the countless other glass tubes with hooded creatures around them. She had a blue heart in the middle of her chest that had young blue eyes. Drein “here she is, saphel” wave and spashs eyes lit up.

Saphel talked as words appeared on the huge computer screen next to her. Saphel “greetings seians. I am saphel. An information super amoeba being. As you know, our water supply is running low. I received information from an unknown source that there's another ocean fifty million years away that we can drain from. To do that, you need to free me and these fellow allies. Then we shall connect to the ocean through your dreams!” spash “What!? Our dreams?” saphel giggled.

Saphel “do you even know what a dream is or are you stuck in reality, which is just another dream. Your dreams will be the gateway for our survival!” wave “no! I won't let you! There has to be another way!” saphel “you humans always look for alternatives while you drown. there is only one way. You are drein correct?” drein shook his head. Drein “a way to begin my true self” saphel “do you know where you are from? What you are?” spash “drein don't listen to her. She's trying to trick you!”

drein put his hand in the air towards spash. Drein “of course. I'm from delana” saphel giggled. Saphel “What about your parents? Haven't you ever wondered why you can't remember anything more than here? Why are you different from others? You are just a dream” drein laughed. Wave screamed. Wave “stop it you robotic freak!” drein looked down. Drein “it can't be. I'm a dream?” wave “you are not a dream drein!” spash “Look at me drein! If you are a dream then how come you are awake with all of our moments?”

drein looked at spash and wave. Saphel “Listen to your real core drein. You are not part of the infamous faction, the drifters with him. That's right, you are a phaser drein “a phaser? maybe I am. Why else did I always get treated like I didn't exist and not like a human being? I always wondered why I couldn't remember but now I know! I will destroy it all!” saphel “That's right my lovely monster! Show them your power!” he jumped up and spun slashed the chain with his long silver phase sword. The triangular shaped gunblade glowed an electrical blue and silver flash like a mirror then disappeared.

Saphel fell into the water. A soldier ran towards drein screaming. He lifted up his blue katana. Drein slashed the sword into the air. He then thrusted his gunblade into the soldier's heart. Drein “its trigger time!” spash “drein no!” drein he pulled the trigger as the soldier flew into the wall. His sword fell into his back as Blood smeared on the wall. Spash screamed with shock. Spash “not seno!” wave screamed in terror. Wave “seno! How could you drein!” she waved her hands as she lunged her head at drein.

She shed a tear as she screamed in rage. She charged at drein. She did a backwards sweep as she twirled into roundhouse kick. Drein caught her leg. Drein laughed. “welcome to reality. There are no more tries” drein kicked her insides as she flew into the wall. Wave “i don't need to try as my dream is real!” spash “wave! He ran to her. Spash “Get out now!” wave “no! I won't leave you again!” spash held her tight. Spash “listen to me! I won't leave you ever! Even if I die, i'll be your wings!” he put a blue heart with wings necklace around her neck. Spash “wherever you are, just wave and I'll fly to you okay?!” he held the necklace to her heart. Wave began to cry. Wave “brother I!” he hugged her. Spash shedded a tear. Spash “i know but i'll always be listening”

wave nodded. She began running as she turned around and looked at spash. She turned around and ran through the hallways. Suddenly water flowed towards wave. Wave “here we go!” she got caught in the wave as the place crumbled down. Wave “I'm drowning forever in my own sorrow, drifting further away from the surface, watching all that I love blur away but I'll be okay here, in my ocean of suffocating dreams, waiting for you to awaken me so just breathe” she smiled as she passed out. someone lifted her up out of the ocean and to the shoreline. Someone blew air into her mouth as she coughed.

She spit out water. The man that was with them held her close. Wave “thanks but I didn't need that. Where is spash?!” the man shook his head. Man “i'm the only survivor besides you” Wave “no. he would never do it!” the man ran off. Wave “hey stop! Don't leave me here too!” she ran after him. Amoebas flowed through a seians sinks and the pipes. It morphed into dremels. Seian man “what is that!? Jello?”
the hooded creature wrapped its tentacles around his head. Seian man “ahh my dreams are leaving me!” the other hooded creatures wrapped their tentacles around a seian girl. Girl “no daddy! Im losing my dreams and you!”

The man saw a creature splash out of the water. Drein was on top of saphel. Drein “we meet again my dreamy brother! Suffocate with your fate!” saphel caught seians with her tentacles. Man “you could never be my brother drein! Don't get lost to the illusion!” Drein phased out and in near each seians as he slashed threw them. He landed onto saphel and pointed the gun at the man. He pulled the trigger of his gunblade.

The man looked away. Drein “is that explosive enough for you?! hahaha!” man “It's just a flash of nothing!” wave ran into her parents house. Wave “mom? Dad!? Where are you!?” she heard her mother crying. She ran to her room. It neon lights around a picture of a young wave, spash and their mother and father. Wave “mother! Are you alright!?” she ran to her. Mother “No, I'm not okay! Your brother is gone! I don't feel happy anymore!” wave was in shock. Wave “mom, you are always cheerful and spash is here so it's okay!”

the mother screamed as she pushed wave away. Mother “no it's not! Stop pretending wave! I've failed you and myself! There's no reason to live!” her mother put a silver knife to her throat. The Waves felt fear and sorrow inside. Wave “no mom! Get it away from there!” wave ran towards her. Waves mother “im sorry wave. I'll always love you!” wave screamed like she never screamed before. Her mother slit her throat as blood poured on her blue dress that matched her light blue eyes. Wave “mom! No! This must be a dream!” wave slowly fell to her knees as she cried.

She ran out into the raining city. Every seaian looked at her with droopy dark blue rings around their eyes. Seian woman “I'm too sad to go on!” the seian woman in blue put a gun to her head and shot the blue and silver gun with a fin on the end. Waves eyes lit up. Wave “no! What is going on here!” drein slashed threw buildings like it was nothing. They came crumbling down. Wave watched in horror. she saw the soldier man climb up the tallest main building. He jumped off it and slashed into drein and then back onto the building. They landed on the top of the building. Drein stood at the edge with saphel as his hair swayed in the wind.

Drein “Look at the dark horizon! An oblivion of hope that calls us!” man “it will be your last call! There's nothing there!” drein chuckled. Drein “That's where you are wrong. That is where the real beginning lies!” he phased in and out around the man as the man blocked each strike. Drein “like a phase, I come and go as if I never was!” the man slashed in all directions as one went across under dreins eye. Drein stood in amazement. Drein looked down and touched the blood flowing down his right cheek.

Drein “haha! I bleed too! This will be my scar of eternal release!” he slowly stumbled to the edge. as he fell off the building he spun around and slashed under the man's left eye. Man “that'll leave a scratch!” drein fell into a magma pool with saphel. Saphel squirmed as she slowly shrunk into water droplets. Man “I guess that's what it is when you boil down to it” wave walked to the edge of the ocean. She touched her necklace. Wave shed a tear. She began to sing softly with grace. Wave “I'll always be here at the edge of dreams and reality, dreaming the reality of us, will you let me know if you can hear my voice!?”

she saw something float towards her. She picked it up. It was a sapphire rock in the shape of a music note. Wave “let this ripple my dream, my heart for you forever!” she put it back into the water as her tears rippled hopeful love and sorrow. Wave “that is what happened” everyone's eyes were wide open but mazee merlas. Wave “drein and saphel should be dead and I still haven't found my brother” mazee merla “it depends on your definition of death. Sometimes the real end is when you are living” wave “is there any difference between life and death?”

etero “Even if they are alive, we'll just kill them again until they are gone for good!” bogs “wave on and know we will find your brother” wave smirked. Wave “is it possible for true friends that care about you?” bogs put his hand on his hip. Bogs “You wouldn't be here if there was no love” etero “i don't care about anyone, just destruction of destroyers” wave “i know he's alive” etero “how?” wave “i sense him inside, like a chilling breeze. I will find him and kill drein and saphel”

etero “i've never seen you so serious.” wave “am I or is that a deeper joking manner? By the way, I don't know how I was able to transform. I just feel a deep calling within, like my deepest soul being reborn” mazee merla “land is here!” they arrived at a large green gate on a forest land. Mazee merla “welcome to grela, the land of green! Sniff in that grand rich life!” etero rolled his eyes. etero “no thanks. I don't want to overdose on imagination like you” wave “you need all you can get” bogs “like these trees, our fingers and toes are like branches and roots. They reflect imagined moments but they have to come from somewhere” mazee merla “hehehe. if you imagined it then it was already there. A real memory and dream that hasn't happened here in a physical sense. Imagination, our greatest ally and enemy but the essence of life and self. Without it, you go nowhere”

etero “hmpf. I'll have faith in what I see faires. I'm going forward. See?!” he bumped into a tree. Wave “ahh the comedic irony of association” bogs “don't' be mad etero, you really imagined it” everyone laughed but etero. Etero “I really hit the tree I know but at least it was a real tree!” everyone sighed. Bogs “he won't get it” wave “still in his tree nut” they made it out of the forest. Etero “there is my hometown and the way to cloirus!” bogs “it's just a super far lunge, dive and fly away!” etero spoke sarcastically.

Etero “let's imagine ourselves there!” mazee merla “it isn't your body being there but your reflection of it. There are infinite ways to get there” the ground began to shake. Bogs jumped up. Bogs “shaking shikies, the earth is hungry!” They ran to eteros town. Physel was on a blue and white cloud. It had a long triangular beak with short wings. It had big brown eyes and two tails. Physel “haha! Soon emorel will become cloirus and I will be on top of all your insects! The time for the ground to meet the sky is upon us!” he had a glass key that had a female head of the world on one end and a male head of a sky on the other.

He stuck it into the hourglass hole. He turned it around. Etero “no! Bogs “i don't like no!” etero “he's trying to make emorel and cloirus one!” mazee merla “you can never have enough huh” the town began to fly into the air. Everyone began floating up. Bogs “whoo! High flying dying!” he grabbed onto a pole. Dust and parts of boulders flew around them. Etero “rela!” rela ran towards etero. Rela “etero!” the wind took her away. Etero “rela no!” bogs “just to tell you guys, you know, just because. The pole is going!”

they flew into the air. A large blue and silver metal ship in the shape of a wave. It had a long falcon like beak in the front flew under them. They fell onto the right blue metal wave shaped wing. Bogs “now this is first class!” the wing glimmered a light as the fell threw it. Rocks and clouds flew into the hourglass as it shimmered a bright light that rattled the ship. Bogs “bright light is bright!” Mazee merla “everyone wants to follow the light but never see it's true dark behind it all”

Chapter six

the light evaporated. Everyone's eyes lit up. Bogs “It's like a whole different world” wave “different but still one” the land had separated into islands with clouds floating above them as a blue sky surrounded it all. cloirus had cloud lands with cloudy trees and temple towers. Cool laid back voice “the day the ground met the sky, when the girl without wings could finally fly and the boy who never landed touched the land. Seems like a wish come true yet also an end to security”

They saw a thirty year old man wearing a blue and silver metal armor vest with blue pants. He had a metal silver crescent shaped piece covering his left eye. the long half silver and half dark blue hair covered his right eye. He walked towards them. etero “nothing is secured, just a temporary false state of safety. The real safety is myself. If you count on anyone else, you'll be disappointed” wave “Even that isn't secured” mazee merla “and you are?” the man smirked. Man “even if I told you my name, would it be me?”

mazee merla chuckled. Mazee merla “don't try to one up me mister cool, you'll get freezer burned” man “i'm cool itself and no one can can be my kind of cool. I'm your dream fulfilling, heart taking, wonder killing boy you never knew, one and only reams. Don't get too close as i'll be in and out like a dream” mazee merla rolled her eyes. Mazee merla “is it over yet? That dream was already far gone” wave “don't get lost in coolness, you might drown” Bogs “all this cool talk got me itching for cool dumplings” etero “let's go get physel!” reams laughed.

Reams “Now that's what I like to hear” everyone walked away but wave. wave's pendant shimmered. Reams turned around. Reams “Beautiful pendant miss sea breeze. Like its an ocean rippling waves of dreams, flying into the horizon” wave spoke to herself. Wave “he is inviting and comforting. I feel like I could tell him everything easily” wave “yes. It is a gift from someone dear to me. It's like I feel him from a far out world speaking to my soul, yet I can't understand where it's coming from” Reams “I know. Just look into the sea and you'll see. As long as you have that, he is there”

he walked off. Wave “are you out there spash?” bogs was in the cockpit with reams. Bogs “can I help!?” reams “I've got this one!” he hit the blue falcon shaped button on the control panel. The ship's waves began flowing. Reams “let's wave on through!” the ship blasted off at the speed of dreams. bogs “we've got company!” large blue colored bird shaped clouds shot water rocks towards the ship. Reams “I'm just getting started!” he dodged around the water rocks. Etero “their coming inside!”

a few of them came flying towards the hanger. Etero laughed. Etero “you want some air time!?” the birds flew at him. Etero punched one as he jumped up and smashed one down into the ship. He then threw the bird into the other one. Etero “is that all bird brains?” a bird cloud smashed into him from behind. He rolled out of the ship as he thrusted his sword into it. Etero “i'm not going anywhere!” the ship part broke off. Etero “heh heh. So this is what it's like to fly” he felt someone catch him. Etero “i didn't need saving” wave “i wasn't saving you, just giving you a ride!” They landed back in the ship's hanger. a bird broke into the cockpit. Its wings grew tentacles that went towards bogs and reams. Bogs spun around and shot his energized pages at it. Bogs “eat some knowledge!” another bird picked up bogs and flew out of the cockpits window. Bogs “this is how it is being the little one”

he felt sleepy and sad. Bogs “why do I feel this way? I know this isn't me” the birds came after reams. Reams shot them over his shoulder with a silver and black wave shaped dream gun. Reams “as if I never did it!” a bird chewed wires underneath the ship. The ship began smoking. Mazee merla spun around as she slashed a bird and whacked another with her fin. Mazee merla “smoke, cloud out the deception!” the ship shook as it crashed into a large cloudy tree house. One side was a white cloud face of big innocent eyes with with two tree chimmneys above it and the other side had a black cloud face of sleek sultry eyes with a black witches hat on top of it.

A piece of a tree began falling towards mazee merla. Someone slashed it in half. It was reams. Mazee merla chuckled. Mazee merla “don't get any ideas tree killer. It's all the same way” reams chuckled. Reams “perhaps but it's this way for now and I don't have ideas, just wonder” he held out his hand. Mazee merla ignored it and got up. Mazee merla “I'd rather do things myself, less mess” reams “a stand alone girl huh. Smart and dangerous” mazee merla walked away. Mazee merla “I am danger”

Reams “I crave it” they met wave and etero outside. Etero “the sleeping fish are awake! Haha” mazee merla “i need sleep. Can't be all this without rest” etero “i'm sure” he chuckled. Bogs “Who would put a house right here near the water's edge? He felt a shock through his body. Bogs jumped up. Reams “Those birds give you something special? Bogs “haha. I wish but unfortunately no. must be really excited” wave spoke sarcastically. wave“that's a rarity” bogs “i know!” he felt a shock again.

Bogs “Okay, stop doing it wave!” wave “you know that's not my style” etero “yea, you know she blank face stares you to death” wave looked at him with a blank face. Eteros eyes lit up. Etero 
“See like that!” everyone laughed. A little blue and white cloud floated around bogs. It had a cute innocent face with big blue googly eyes and a smile of water. It shot lighting bolts from its lightning bolt shaped antlers. Mysterious innocent angelic voice “rain or shine, it's what is in it that matters. She giggled.

A curvy woman walked out from a tree. She had long silver hair with black streaks. She wore golden lightning bolt earrings and had bright blue eyes with two long bunny-like ears. She wore silver thigh high boots with blue gem stones in them. She had on a white and blue silk top with a smiley face cloud on the chest. She wore long white gloves. she held a cloudy white and black rod with a floating gem sphere floating above it. A cloud flowed around her. Bogs ``aren't you a cloud puff short of a beautiful storm”

she giggled. Woman “just imagine what is behind this cloud” The woman walked to bogs. She pet his head. Bogs “you know puff momma, I am not a pet but that feels good” the woman chuckled. Woman “you little sweet book of handsomeness” bogs “alright misses mystery woman. If I'm so cute, why did you zap me?” woman “oh did you hit your head that hard? I wanted to make sure you were still alive after crashing into my house” bogs “ahh. About that. He pointed to reams.

Reams “haha. You didn't stop it either” woman “you boys are such quirkies! It's fine” she smiled with the brightest joy and innocence. Etero “this one is really high in the clouds” wave slapped his arm. Etero “what was that feather?” “crying over everything is no way to live. That's why I try to stay positive. Some might can't tired of it but that makes me be more happy. If you worry about other people's views than you'll never be you. I'm cloudora and it's a delight to meet you all!”

remember that the most innocent looking can be the most deadly!” she winked at them as she walked on. Everyone looked at another in oddity. Mazee merla “her brightness is repulsive. Constant joy can leave you sadder” wave “the real fun and joy is in coming back from destruction” Reams “That's a whole lot of cloud” bogs “indeed it is a cloudy view that I see clearly” she looked back at them. They both quickly jumped as bogs pretended to see something. Bogs “That cloudy world shaped tower must be where physel is, right reams?” he excitedly and nervously looked at reams. Reams “uh yes my little fury friend! It sure looks big!”

the woman giggled. Woman “Funny how i'm in the way” they looked at another in fear. cloudora “no worries, I'm just in the wonderful clouds” Sciney serene laughed maniacally. Scieny serene “it's almost here physel, the time for science to surprise itself again!” physel laughed. Physel “Science is nothing without reality and it can't prove my undeniable soon to be true power!” sciney serene laughed. Sciney serene “even this plan and your words are a science” she walked up to a large machine. It had two glass vine tubes on each side. one spiraled into a floating universal sphere and the other into a brown rock with a closed eye.

It had a large screen in the middle with a control panel of metal stars and planets around it. Etero “i'm sick of being high off the ground” wave “why? Feeling like you might fall?” etero chuckled. Etero “I am fall. This place is too far away from the real deal. Feels like everything has no impact” reams “ you think that the ground is anymore real and true than anything else? The only difference here and there is the feeling. Cloudora “remember that even clouds and imagination are solid in what they are. You can't see thunder yet it quakes the hardest foundation of your soul”

mazee merla “isn't being here hitting you just as hard?” etero grunted. Etero “you don't understand! You need a little more boom!” bogs “I'm boomed up enough with my own kind” wave “sometimes it is a euphoric feeling. An uplifting separation that makes you wonder if you'll ever return to not just the ground but home. It's where you realize what you have” etero “like you are detached from safety. hey wavy, don't get a little floaty on me” he walked off. cloudora put her hands on waves shoulder.

Cloudora “the clouds always fall back to where they began okay?” wave smirked. Wave “yes but it may not be the same” bogs “it's still your dream and will float on” wave “okay floaty mcboo” cloudora “It's this way guys!” Everyone walked off but etero. etero thought to himself. Etero “don't worry wave, I feel the same but we'll get back. I know it. Hold on melody” he walked after them. They passed tall cloudy buildings with sapphire stones around the windows and doors.

They made it to the biggest triangular shaped golden tower. It was held up by two golden statues of physel. Etero “and I thought I was self absorbed” wave laughed. Wave “at least you admit it” etero “only I can be the best!” he charged towards the tower. Cloudora “I don't think that's” etero “Go bloom over there miss sunshine! Destroy first, destroy later!” he bumped into something. Etero “ahh damn. What is this, a ghost guard?!” it flickered into a large black rock titan with four eyes on each side of its dragon like face.

Etero “a dragon dreak ehh? Even more fun!” etero swung his sword at it. It picked up the sword and etero and threw him in front of cloudora. Cloudora “a good idea” etero “you don't have to be dramatic about it. I was just seeing it's abilities!” cloudora giggled. Cloudora “it's okay. Even your super strength can't beat it” Etero “hmpf. He can't come close to my style!” bogs “should I run around him and distract him?” cloudora “I'm afraid that won't work either. This is the ancient guardian of emorel and cloirus, aenyel. He guards against evil but it seems he's guarding for them”

mazee merla “The heavy nut head must've brain washed it” bogs “like entertainment and stories, it
has become a fashionable rave of distraction, although It doesn't suit me” reams “they don't even realize that they are the brainwashed ones. They're just in an accepted popular delusion” cloudora “it seems that way. I got it!” etero “Are you going to sweet talk it to death?” cloudora laughed. Cloudora “that could work but I have a better imaginative idea!” she waved her rod as her cloud flew in front of them.

Cloudora “if we walk behind the cloud we can slowly move past him okay?” bogs “simple yet maddening complexed!” they slowly walked behind the cloud. Aenyel roared at them. Etero “can I attack yet?” everyone “no etero!” etero “lame” Cloudora “just lay still” aenyel walked to the cloud. It turned around. Cloudora “let's go!” they made it to the triangular shaped door with a stone world above it. Etero “i got this” etero jumped into the air and impaled the world with his sword.

The door shook as the door opened. Wave “once in a while, your unyielding aggression works” etero “heh. Unyielding?” he walked on. Wave “it can only get you so far” she walked in. bogs “What a grand show we have here” mazee merla “more like reality tv” they entered a large room. It had a red carpet going to a throne of physel as golden stone. A glowing stone of energy was hanging above it. With each step they took, golden knight statues with crossing swords rose from each side.

Bogs “Its her!” sciney serene giggled. Sciney serene “the guinea pigs have arrived right as science has said!” etero “What are you up to you science freak!” sciney serene “oh my! Is that the scientific right way of talking to your experimenter? Yes, you see this machine? It is the dream machine!” mazee merla “chasing dreams of what seems, to break boundaries that fall back on you!” sciney serene “hehehe! You think this place is any different? You are just intellectual insects in a maze, even when you get to the end, another one starts.

With this beautiful work of science, we will transfer data and universal DNA into the stone. Then we will remove the ability of sleep and imagination to make a dreamless world!” reams “what!? You won't be able to do it. There is no progression without change” Deep voice “dreams are temporary but reality is forever. Don't you want to keep this? Everything you cherish in eternal life and joy!” A man walked from behind the throne. It was physel. Mazee merla laughed. Mazee merla “you've completely given up all of your aspirations and thinking outside the box haven't you?” physel laughed with a sinister sleek tone.

Physel “i'm thinking more than your fish brain ever could fathom. Why aspire for something that may never come when you can have it all now?” mazee merla “you think this is more real than anything else?” She chuckled. Mazee merla “always looking for validation yet never knowing if you got it”

Reams “Dreams are what make us real.” Wave “without them, we could never know what reality is. Your vision is just a real dream that is dead!” Cloudora “without dreams, the clouds will never help the flowers grow! To become anything, you must dream it first!” bogs “A wise man doesn't limit his possibility of having countless babes and casino nights!” mazee merle charged towards physel. Maze merla “ahh!” she began viciously slashing him with her fin and sword. Physel easily evaded each strike. Etero lifted up his sword. Wave “no! Let her fulfil her heart” etero “heh. I wasn't looking at him”

he launched into the air and shot triangular shaped metal stones towards sciney serene. Sciney serene giggled as she waved her hands. A huge void appears in front of her. It took the stones. Sciney serene “ahh the power of science!” etero “Science says that the energy still got inside you!” sciney serene began shooting green smoke bullets at them with a metal plant gun. Everyone became dazed. Sciney serene laughed as she put her hand on her forehead and put out her leg to the side.

Sciney serene “now feel the power of science as your biggest enemy! It is your own cloudy chaotic experiment gone wild!” wave “ahh. Everything is in slow motion and foggy!” reams “focus! Remember that you are in control as it's your science!” everyone came to. Reams shot blue phazy plasma bullets at sciney serene as he dashed to her ducking and jumping over her bullets. He swayed right to left slashing at her with his silver and blue katana plasma sword. Reams “As if I was never here!”

physel fell onto the throne. He blocked mazee merlas strikes. She leaned down on his sword. Mazee merla spoke with conviction and the highest anger. Mazee merla “is this real enough for you!” physel laughed. He lifted her up by the throat and spun her around onto the throne. Physel “Feel the real end of your pitiful hopelessness!” mazee merla squirmed for her sword on her left. She swept him with her tail as she grabbed the sword. She fell back onto the stairs. Physel began slamming his sword down at her.

She fell to each step with each strike. Physel “it's a bumpy road I know!” physel cut her left fin. Mazee merla screamed in agony. Wave “mazee!” physel laughed. Physel “i'll show you how extinct you lost sea dwellers are!” he lifted up his sword. Reams shot him as mazee merla grabbed him and threw him into the wall. Rocks crumbled onto him. Reams ran to her. Mazee merla chuckled. Mazee merla “you have to stop this. You can never save me” reams laughed. Reams “i'm not saving you, just part of the deal”

Sciney serene touched an electrical square shaped grey device on her hip. A force field emitted around her. Sciney serene “hahaha! Don't you love electromagnetic reflection? This device reflects negative energy and transfers it into my own positive energy! It makes anything towards me reflect my true peace!” etero “peace this!”

etero shot stone bullets at her as he jumped into the air. He came spinning down onto her with fierce force. The ground shook. Sciney serene giggled. Sciney serene “you shook me up with excitement but now I must stop playing with you handsome!” the rocks shook. Physel smashed out of the rocks and into the air. physel “everyone wants to dream but no one want's to face reality!” the rocks formed into him. A light flashed in front of everyone.

When the light disappeared, physel was a large monster of dark rocks with black stone eyes on each hand and its chest. His stone head was in a rock shield above. physel “welcome to my reality! Your real destruction!” mazee merla “you are beyond reality!” etero “Now that's a lot of rock!” wave “we got this far, we can get through anything!” wave swung her swito around as she played it. She flew around physel as he swung his rock arms at her. An arm came down towards reams. Reams struck it with his sword as it shook it with energy.

Mazee merla “sink like the scared stoned boy that you are!” she spun in the air and she came down onto the arm, slashing it off his body. Bogs “falling arms!” Bogs ran out of the way as he shot his papers of energy at physels head. Cloudora spun her rod around and pointed it to physel as she spread her legs. Water bolts flew out from her floating cloud above into physel. Cloudora “ one shocks, two shocks, three shockes, oh my! like rain im so soft yet i break through the hardest stone!” bogs “you make sadness shockingly joyful” cloudora blushed as her cheeks puffed with smiling clouds. Cloudora “even sadness can smile my boggy woggy!”

physel raised his hands in the air. Physel “haha! I am gravity! I live to smash!” Stones as big as planets came from space. Wave “here comes the angry rain!” the rocks came crashing into them. Physel slammed onto the ground twice as he jumped up and came slamming down onto them. The rocks flew away as everyone laid on the ground. Mazee merla “there has to be a way!” bogs “he's too hard headed if I may say so!” Physel “yes! Give me dreams! Awaken me from this reality!” the rain reached his head. Wave “now!” wave and mazee merla swam into the water. Wave played her swito as she stood on his head.

Mazee merla “this is for my kingdom and the fallen seians!” she slashed through his body up and down and then horizontally as she swam around his body. She turned around and swung her fin down. Wave swung her swito horizontally and then diagonally at his head as waves flew into him. She then came down and slashed through his head. wave “you can never escape sorrow!” the rocks flew into cloirus. Countless clodels ran around in panic as their homes crumbled down. Sciney serene “now that was unpredictable but he had it coming. take on power and it will win everytime” she giggled as she ran off.

Bogs ran after her. bogs”you forgot that i'm speed itself!” he caught up to her. Bogs “why?!” Sciney serene was at an edge. Sciney serene “why? Hehe. Because that's how the stars and universe shined” bogs”stop with the science talk. It can't answer everything!” sciney serene “it just did!” she jumped off. Bogs “wait!” she slowly came flying up on a green metal star shaped board. It had two vine pipes pouring out brown plasma energy. sciney serene “like my anti gravity board? It gravitates off my inner spontaneous combustion by combining it with oxygen and nitrous oxide. Like my own explosive sedative escape!” she flew off. Bogs “not yet!”

mazee merla ran up to physel. He was breathing heavily with blood pouring out of his mouth. Mazee merla pointed her sword at physels face. Mazee merla “haha. Looks like you got the best of yourself my biggest rival!” she lifted up her sword. Voice “daddy!?” physel coughed as he talked. Physel “sina!?” sina came running towards physel. She flung into his arms. She was crying with innocence. Sina “oh daddy! You better be okay!” mazee merla looked around as she slowly lowered her sword.

Physel “It's okay my beautiful daughter. All of you. Clorius. I just wanted my daughter to live a good life forever but I ended up destroying myself. I realized that eternal reality is worse than death. Without dreams, there can be no way to know the difference. No way to build a better world. Please. Make a better world for her!” reams “well that was awkward. I mean mazee merla you could finish him off but” Mazee merla looked at sina. Sina nodded. Sina “Please no!” mazee merla “ehh, damn sappy moments ruined it”

sina and physel smiled. Physel “you know mazee merla, i'm honored to have you as my rival. You were the best warrior I ever faced'' mazee merla “that's enough out of you. I guess you were the best swordsman I ever had to get off my back” physel smiled. etero coughed. Mazee merla “please kid, you have much more to go” etero brushed his hair. Etero “when I get there, I'll surprise even you” She smirked. Physel “ ahh!” sina “father!” A silver and black whip with crescent blades pierced his heart.

Mysterious sultry voice“hehehe. Even love can't save you but did it even exist? Like an eclipse of the phazy moon, reflecting an illusion of another in the dark” wave “you don't understand love then” reams “i'm all for it but that's just uncool” she was a curvy woman with black and white eyeliner. She had a black and white crescent on her forehead. Her eyebrows were black crescents. She had long black hair with silver streaks. She wore a black and silver silk dress that came out behind her at her waist.

She had on black boots with crescents on the sides. She wore thigh high stockings and had an upside down bat tattoo on her chest. Bogs “What's with everyone wearing revealing clothing lately?” A mysterious woman put her hand over her mouth. Mysterious woman “oh dear, did I upset you? you wouldn't know love if it was in your heart!” cloudora yelled. Cloudora “batra getcha!” batra getcha felt something flow through her veins. Batra getcha “head still in the clouds I see” cloudora “i still see clearer than your black clouds!” batra getcha giggled.

Batra getcha “the darkest illusion is what seems bright!” etero “wave?” wave had a deep conflicted look. Wave “he's here” etero “don't worry, i'll take care of him!” wave smirked. Wave “I can take care of myself” Etero smiled. voice “if you awaken when awake, how do you know if you ever woke up?” etero “drein!” wave squinted her eyes. Drein laughed mancially. Drein “glad you are happy to see me sister!” mazee merlas felt a surge of anger through her. Wave “i would kill myself if you were my sister!” drein “you are a phaser like me” wave laughed. Wave “i could never be that! I'm from delana!”

etero “phaser? you are phasing out of reality buddy!” reams “delana?” drein chuckled. Drein “how did you get there? Wave “easy. I was born there with my parents!” she looked down. Drein “don't deny it. I know you feel distant and deeply far away from that place! From reality!” etero “don't listen to this freak!” wave “i know etero. He can't take away what's inside” Drein “that is just a deeper sleep” He floated towards batra getcha. Drein “you glow brighter than the brightest moon mi lady” batra getcha blushed. Batra getcha “i'll reflect you farther than a dream my master!” drein “then you will come with me!” he kissed her. Etero “what am I watching?” bogs “it's like dirt and death kissing”

Batra getcha “i'm batra getcha and I will getcha! hehehe!” she jumped onto the ground. She walked with sultry passion and alluring to a nearby citizen. She walked up to him and caressed his face. The man was tongue tied with admiration. Batra getcha “grrr. I can show you how sweet darkness can be my powerful man. I'll make you forget all of your pain. don't fight it, It's too strong. Like a fly falling into a venus flytrap. It is inevitable.” She passionately kissed him as she whipped her head back and forward. his veins flowed dark red as they consumed him. Mazee merla “hmph. Another desperate fool lured by the illusive show of beauty, when will they learn?” Reams “it's all alluring but it's just so dangerously fun!” mazee merla rolled her eyes.

cloudora “it's amazing how deadly beauty can be or is it just blinding lust?” batra getcha quickly looked at spash. She slowly walked up to him. Batra getcha “hmm. You are a whole different manliness huh?” spash scratched his head. Spash “not different, just unknown” batra getcha felt a jolt of excitement. She caressed his face. Batra getcha “the unknown? Hehe. When you enter me, you'll know and then some. I make hell taste like heaven. Do you feel that? The passion rising? This oncoming capture of irresistible wonder?” spash started to fall. Spash “Heh. You never know.” She went to kiss him.

they pulled back as a blade almost cut off their tongues. Spash “come on mazee merla! I was just teasing her. I would be dead without my tongue” mazee merla “then keep it inside” batra getcha “so close but just missed by a slither. Don't worry vanilla lady, I wouldn't have killed him although once he kissed me, he never would want to kiss another.” mazee merla laughed. Mazee merla “don't get it twisted promiscuous angel, that's not my concern but your spell only lasts so long. It's what he thinks he wants but do we really know what we want?”

Batra getcha “hehehe. At least the spell is so much more grand. Isn't that what it's all about?! Everyone missed is two more caught.” batra getcha floated up as she spread her hands out as a black and white crescent mirror clouds came out. The white one had a frown and the black one had a sinister face. She charged energy through them as she shot out black electrical sparks through cloirus. The place began to fall. batra getcha“ follow your reflection” etero “what?! I don't speak looney!” Cloudora wave her wand as her white cloud appeared above. It shot out sword shaped clouds at batra getcha.

Cloudora “stop this now!” wave flowed anger and energy as she slid towards drein. Etero “wave!” wave slashed circular and triangular as bladed notes flew at drein. Drein lifted up his hand as a water wall appeared. Drein “heh heh” he reached towards her head. She felt her head caught. Drein “this is dream power!” wave “i've already waved past it!” she felt him speak through her soul and mind. Drein “you are just an empty sphere. Forever floating” he waved his hand in front of her face as a blue energy wave flew into her. she fell asleep as everyone began falling. Reams yelled. Reams “where's my ship when you need it!?”

etero “ground or sky, i'll still rock!” Cloudora waved her wand. Cloudora “imaeo!” suddenly clouds caught everyone. Etero “damn it! I was looking forward to smashing the party!” bogs “it seems it's muggy with a sure chance of just in the nick of time clouds!” cloudora “hehe! What can I say? When all else fails, imagine the most wonderful magic! That is when our truest beauty comes alive” wave heard a voice inside. Voice “when you gaze into the dream, the dream gazes back into you”

chapter seven

wave saw words around her. Wave “who are you!?” voice “Once you know yourself, you will find out” the words became blue sapphire walls that began closing in on etero. Etero “don't worry about me! I'll become unbreakable!” She began swimming in slow motion. Wave “will I ever reach you my lone rock?! I must!” the walls crushed him. Wave screamed with terror. Wave “etero!” The rocks turned into a blurry man wearing a blue and black mask of a fish like creature. It had blue and white lips around its frown that spiraled into its droopy haunting eyes.

Wave felt a surge of electrical sizzling horrific energy flow through her. Masked fish “let that sorrow paralyze you away from another dream or was it another real reflection?” wave tried to scream but nothing came out. Wave “i'm not scared! You hear me!” she began crying. The tears became droplets of a wine glass. Etero was sitting at a round wooden table in a neon lit bar. A sultry lady in a blue dress with sparkling seashell earrings and long light blue hair walked by him. Etero “she sang like rain and felt like sun, she shined like summer and spoke like an ocean in december”

it was like time stopped, a dreamy phase that he never wanted to end. She walked to a piano and began playing. Etero’s soul shivered a familiar wonder. Etero “Like a dream i was in before that felt like it happened before” he slowly got up. He grabbed his drink and chugged it down, pretending to be confident. He heard other people talking. Woman “he's really going?!” man “haha! Even I couldn't get her and I'm rich!” he stopped right before her. He thought about turning around but a flow of tranquil soul brought him back.

Etero “it's like I hear your soul through the melody, echoing lunar dreams of a far away space that takes away the pain of reality” she smirked as she hit the final key. The sultry woman got up and walked to the side of him. She spoke in the most soul shaking wonder. Woman “thank you. maybe I am an echo that is already gone? I'm too dreamy for you” she walked away. Etero smirked. Etero “that echo flows on forever through my dreams. If your harmony is here then you are never too far away” he walked to her.

She giggled. Woman “I like your determination or is it obsession?” etero “they entwine like fine wine of your divine. Sometimes it shows how inescapable it is no? his lips slowly came to hers. She bite her blue colored lips with passion and wonder. She pulled back as she puffed her cigarette. A smoke of countless imagined thoughts and beautiful mystery. Like being suspended in time. Woman “it feels like i've seen you before in this place. Like I've been here in a previous life” etero “it's a bone chilling feeling that I love. A familiar connection born now but don't we feel this everywhere we go?”

the woman smiled. A mysterious man in a black and white magician suit walked up to her. Mysterious man “shall I take you to your deepest dream that waves a thousand phazy mysteries from your endless eyes?” she looked at etero then the man. She walked off with the man as he put his arm around her. Etero “what is your name!” she looked back. Woman “don't you see it?” She dropped a ripped piece of paper. He ran to it. It was written in blue ink with blue music notes to the side of the words.

It read, “everyone is slipping away from me. The more I sink, the farther they move away, afraid of their true sorrow inside, of falling away from what they cherish. As they watch me go down, so do they. Maybe if I suffocate and die they will come for me? When.” The rest was watered down and unreadable. It was kissed with blue lips on the bottom. Etero “there she went like she said, a dreamy haze that felt like it never was. These words wave your soul so you will be back and I'll be here in all the dream”

the man and woman walked outside. They stared at the large neon city below with pouring rain bolding and blurring the glowing lights. The man walked to the edge of the building's roof. Man “do you hear the rain? It speaks sorrowful cries of souls dying to return to a comforting memory, a release of built up passion and dreams, only to become clouds again, never to know what could be” It’s like these buildings, they stand tall yet separated by a dividing illusion” woman “the water reflected their burning desire and love into clouds, they rained down back into earth once more to bloom another dream always one, doesn't that mean their dream came true?”

man “you are my dream come true” the woman smirked. Woman “still a dream” she winked. The man laughed. Man “what's the difference between reality and dreams? If you are here and we connect then isn't it real? Even if it is, it will end, like a moth to a flame. It's like these people. Compelled to what seems real, letting their inner child die away, blinded to material and biased seriousness, devoid of going beyond, of something that makes us alive” he turned to her. Man “that's why I want to make dreams forever” the woman's eyes lit up. Woman “is it possible?” man “this is possible no? Like a wave He waved her hair as he went in to kiss her.

The man suddenly floated away. The woman jumped up. Woman “what the?! I kiss that good?!” she saw something walk in. It was a walking noose with two noose arms and legs. She gasped. Woman “you can't kill what never was!” Suddenly it's hole became an ocean. Woman “I'm not falling for that!” she slowly walked to the edge of the building. The ocean turned into words of flowing water. Woman “you can't run from suicide so take a ride to the other side.” Woman “i'll kill myself my own way!” she jumped off the ledge. The noose wrapped around her neck.

The woman gasped for air. She saw that her head was in an ocean. It all turned into words.

Muddled Voice “what's a phaser?” muddled voice “it seems it's what drein is” voice “who is he?” other voice “all I know is he's a dream” voice “ a dream? How is that possible?” other voice “how is this possible? Awakening is in everything and how do we know we ever woke up?” etero screamed. Etero “filthy hoarder!” bogs jumped up on the large dolphin shaped rock. Bogs “it wasn't me but if it was, It's a clean exchange!” etero “it's not you. It was this guy in my dream” bogs “i thought only I dreamt of myself”

etero laughed. Etero “i'm more than enough here” couldora bent over towards etero. Cloudora “Dreams are connected to reality. They have a way of telling us what could come here” Etero “save it chirpy cloudy. I'll deal with it when it comes” Bogs “enjoy it while you can. Dreaming may become illegal” reams chuckled. Reams “Illegalizing dreams is like making life and science illegal, there's no way” etero “you never know, they've already made emotions and your own thoughts a crime” bogs “that lady would love you right now” reams yelled. Reams “what lady?” bogs looked away in a mischievous humorous way.

Etero “where's wave!?” cloudora pointed at her. Mazee merla “isn't that cute. Suddenly the heartless guy has gotten a soft spot” etero growled. Etero “i'm a hard soft and she is the only one that can lead us to that dream man!” he got up with anger and walked to wave. Reams “so how about” mazee merla shot a grin. Mazee merla “do it and you will go into the sea and not come up” reams “i'll just keep coming down with you then” mazee merla “ugh” reams “i saw that smirked” bogs “I know you are ladies man one o one but take it from me” reams looked at him with a smirked. Bogs held his belly. Bogs “hahaha! Yea me, the little feline man but that's the beautiful surprise that ladies love”

he winked. Bogs “give her space now” reams “okay cloud lover” bogs “hey, aren't all of our heads in the clouds?” cloudora smiled. Cloudora “that's right and who doesn't love clouds? They are our imagination!” Reams gave her a straight face. Etero “can you hear me? I guess not. I wonder what you are dreaming about?” wave “not you” etero “well you just did as you heard me!” wave laughed. Wave “what would I do without your constant arrogance?” etero smirked. Etero “just really confident”

cloudora “wave!” everyone walked to her. Bogs “i was over here but you know, the wind” wave smirked. Wave “it's okay boggers. I am danger” etero “dangerously sleepy. What is a phaser?” wave “i don't know. I guess dreins race. He thinks I am one too. She held her head in pain. Etero “wave?!” wave “am I one?” bogs “it's his mind game. You know this!” reams held her shoulder. Reams “even if you are one, does it matter?” wave felt a calming energy flow through her. Wave “yea but I don't want to see him again!”

she ran off. Etero “was it something I said?” bogs “it always is” etero “i wasn't asking you boggity cricket” cloudora “look at all these fallen people. Their deaths will become new clouds and rain new life!” mazee merla “their souls flow in the ocean forever!” wave stood at the edge as her hair swayed mysterious destiny and wonder. She threw her swito into the air as she slid around on the water. Mazee merla “now i've seen everything” reams “what is she doing”

music notes echoed into the dead and depressed. Etero “it's like when I first met her. I think she's releasing them” mazee merla “I've heard of this before. A mysterious woman of the sea will come and revive the fallen and depressed. She will wave with the water, guiding them to the surface of peace with angelic melodies” reams “your girl can sing” etero “she wishes but yea I guess she can” He looked at her in a gaze. Etero thought to himself. Etero “she's like a symphony of lost dreams and soul, singing her emotions and reflection. Will she ever ever stop reviving? I guess that's how it goes. We just keep going on no matter what”

Some living cloirus became happy again. They ran to her. Woman “thank you so much!”wave nodded with a smile but she was tired. Mazee merla “saving what's gone, their better off dead” she walked off. Reams “what did I say?” bogs “it's not you. She's lost many comrades. Reams “now's my time!” bogs laughed. Cloudora “it's not what's better or worse but our compassion. Death is just the next reflection” the world became dark. Cloudora looked up. The upper part of the moon had a female face with white crescent wings and open eyes and the bottom part had a female face with closed black eyes and black crescent wings.

Cloudora eyes lit up. Cloudora “the dark ascension! Could it be!?” the light side of the moon's eyes closed her eyes as the dark part of the moon's eyes opened up. It reflected dark light through the moon as it shifted into a full dark moon woman. She smirked as The moon shined dark light around everyone. Etero “What is that moon woman doing?!” cloudora “ the prophecy reads that the moon goddess, nighra of dark and light has been going through cycles of change. Someone with a savage heart will disrupt the balance, turning everything black. the permanent rise of darkness!” etero “she hasn't seen darkness yet!”

Everyone around them became dazed and confused. Their eyes became shadows as They began attacking circling around a fire and chanting, oh nighra, liberate us higher!” reams “this is what we are, we just pretend we're aware” mazee merla “we're intellectual zombies of chosen and accepted light, all a dark end hiding behind it all!” one woman walked up to cloudora. Woman “do you worship nihra?” cloudora “how could I worship what I am not?” the woman shot shadow vines from her eyes that wrapped around cloudora.

Cloudora struggled to escape. Woman “you must obey!” a black book appeared in front of her. Woman “read and follow!” cloudora became dizzy. Bogs shot his paper blades at the woman. Bogs ran to cloudora. Bogs “obeying isn't fun at all right?” cloudora smirked. Cloudora “even if I obeyed, some part of me would still rebel in the clouds” Bogs smirked. Bogs “It's like a butterfly without its wings and being a boring robot with no personality. I couldn't even if I tried” Cloudora nodded.

A few shadow women went to grab reams. He shot one of them behind him and stabbed another in front of him. Reams “do they have super shadow hatred power of men? They keep coming but I don't mind” etero slammed one down and knocked another up in the air. Etero “this is getting boring” he slammed it down into the other woman. Wave saw her reflection in the water turned her as a little girl running with a mirror.

Wave ran towards it. Etero “just go on without us. Typical woman!” he ran after her. Mazee merla “expecting us to tell him everything. Just like a man!” etero “Listen fin finny, just go into your little pond!” mazee merla “so little but you'd be a huge catch!'' Suddenly the empty sea became a blue forest with crescent moons hanging from the crescent shaped trees. Bogs “Well you don't see that everyday” cloudora “likes it was here all along” Etero “hey wave, you have to stop waving around all the time!”

wave laughed. Wave “it's not my fault you can't keep up” she walked into a crescent tree as it rippled. Etero “i'm already there” he ran to the tree. He fell back. Bogs laughed. Etero “I was just testing it out for you guys” reams “yea and you are an alien woman” etero “you never know” cloudora “remember what batra getcha said? Bogs “follow your reflection” cloudora “good boy!” cloudora “reflect who you are into the tree.” Etero saw him as a little boy walked into the tree. Etero “still unbreakable!” he walked into the tree as it rippled.

Mazee merla reflected herself into the tree. Mazee merla “unbreakable but unbearable” she walked into the tree. Reams saw himself as a young boy as he walked into the tree. Bogs saw himself as a little boy in the tree. Bogs “By the way, I have the energy of a thousand hyper new born seahorses!” he walked into the tree. Cloudora chuckled. Cloudora “you'll need it and more” Cloudora saw herself as a little girl. she walked into the tree. They flew through a celestial hallway with mirrors on each side.

They flew out of a mirror on top of another. Etero was on top of wave. Etero smirked. Etero “i'm on top again!” wave smirked. Wave “my reflection is beyond you below” she bursted out with a wave as etero flew into the dark shadow tree. Reams “she blows you away eh?” etero “i still rocked it” they saw a small black cat with bat ears. It had golden eyes that sparkled as it ran to cloudora. Cloudora “aren't you a little cute devil!?” bogs “she wears death nicely” reams “that woman would be happy in a fire while getting stabbed”

cloudora “hey, there's a bigger flame burning that you don't see” the cat purred as it ran into the distance. They saw a large castle. It had four large mirror towers with black bat shaped windows. It had lunar moons on top of each tower. two bat statues were staring at another on each side. Bogs “i've always wanted to go to a castle!” reams “it may not be the one you are thinking of.” bogs “more thrills the better” wave “nothing wrong with a little fright. You coming?” she walked to the double crescent shaped castle doors.

One had a face of a clown in white makeup and large sharp teeth and the other side had a face of a eyeless bloodhound. His head was upside down. The clown laughed hysterically as the bloodhound swiped his claw at bogs. Bogs jumped up. Bogs “ahem. Just excited” clown “don't you love laughing kids?! Like a giggling deadly show!” etero lifted up his sword. Etero “you know what would make me laugh?” wave “no etero. You can't always be the ruthless smasher” etero “it's a crime really” he stuck his sword into the ground. Cloudora walked up to them. Cloudora “let us laugh inside” the clown and bloodhound were reflected out of the doors. They were as big as little children. Etero “never let what seems big lower your confidence” bogs “unless you are me” cloudora “it's what you do with your size that shows your power”

bogs “Yea. I think they're more scared of me anyway.” they whispered in another's ears. They reflected back into the door. Clown “you are very much like the queen” the bloodhound growled and giggled. Bloodhound “yes. You would be perfect for her feast, I mean beast, I mean movie!” the doors opened. Mazee merla “the most non threatening one opens the most dangerous of doors. That is the real nightmare” cloudora “the seemingly gentle ones are the deadliest. You never know what they will do”

wave “you never know what's in that cloud” bogs “indeed” they walked into the castle. There were statues of white and black striped women with a baby's skull coming out of it's stomach on each side. Bogs “I guess he was dead inside” cloudora “that poor family” reams looked at etero. Reams “I don't think they were ever alive” Their were paintings of shadows with red crescent lips on the royal walls. There was a bat woman holding a black heart with black eyes in front of a dead man with his hand on the heart. a red light flashed.

Bogs “We already know we should stop but it's just so much fun to go past the red light! Right cloudora?” she was gone. Bogs laughed nervously. Bogs “I know you are in your little cloud. He looked around. Bogs “cloudora?” a mechanical tube sucked him from the ceiling. Etero “can you just be quiet for one second bogs?” wave “i've known him forever and that's a miracle you won't see” Etero “it seems I have” the blue ocean mural opened up as mazee merla fell in.

reams “you hear that little girl laugh?” etero “that was you” wave “stop laughing reams. It was never funny” etero looked back. Etero “you guys can stop playing that game. Grow up!” wave “so they can be a taller kid like you?” etero smirked etero “i'm a stronger fun” wave “you are stronger but not what i'm thinking of” they made it to a dark mirror. Mirror “i am you and you are me, or is there more to what you see? look at yourself, is what you see the truth or is that another reflection?” wave turned into an unknown little girl.

She had black void eyes and was made of glass. Her mouth was sewn shut and wore a blue dress with a blue heart on the chest. She held a mirror with a little boy's head on the top. Her hair turned into and black and white worms. Waves eyes lit up. The little girl's eyes filled up with water. Little girl “hehehe! Anything you reflect, I detect. One wave two wave three, breath under the sea, where you will be, the last thing you see, you can't hide from your reflection so drown in it!” the water broke from her eyes and turned into blood. Wave began suffocating. Etero “we don't have time for pretend death now” wave fell back into etero. He caught her. Etero “you are not that ugly!”

wave breathed heavily. Wave “that's the nicest thing you've said to me” etero brushed his hair in nervousness. Etero “don't expect anything more” wave smirked. Wave “there was a little girl in the mirror. She started choking me” etero “i didn't see anything but we are in hell's paradise”
wave stood up. She lifted up her swito into the air. She slashed the mirror around the edges in a crescent fashion. Etero “I can't stand my reflection either. I'm too good to have a reflection so i'll be your mirror” wave “I don't remember looking like a huge self obsessed man” etero laughed. Etero “See not what your eyes see but what your soul feels” wave stared at him in surprise and wonder. Wave “only you be you and say that” etero “never want to be predictable right?”

wave “sometimes it's overwhelming to see yourself. All of your strengths and weaknesses come out. Like your other darkside world you don't want to see. you ask, is this what others see?” etero “it's just a reflection. It can't show you who you really are and isn't you” wave nodded. The mirror revealed a pathway. Etero “well now our seven years of bad luck will begin” wave chuckled. Wave “that's been forever but it's how you reflect it that determines it's fun” they walked through the mirrored gate.

Etero “i wonder what mazee merla is doing? Probably yelling at reams.” he laughed. Mazee merla yelled. Mazee merla “how many times do I have to tell you not to look into the water!” they were on a bloody island in a glass room. Reams “it's all water and that was because you jumped in!” mazee merla put her hand on her forehead. Mazee merla “do you follow everything you see but never know it?” reams smirked. Reams “do you ever know?”

The island turned into a large fish bone creature with human legs that splashed out. The upper body of a little girl was hanging out of his mouth. She had huge bloody fish eyes. Reams and mazee merla fell into the water. Reams “Now that's fishy! Now I've seen everything” the creature walked towards reams. Reams shot his phase plasma blasts at it. The fish shook up as it grew larger. Reams “Ahh, it seems i've shocked you. A shocking return” the girl jumped out of the fish and grabbed mazee merla.

They flew into the water. Reams “She's a mermaid so she will be fine” he looked around. Reams saw a mirror reflected a flame burning his cold heart” reams “it still beats cool love. Why do I have to be the hero? It's getting played out” the fish began sucking in mazee merla. As she reached its mouth she slashed its lips as she jumped out of the water. She slashed through a mirror on the wall. Mazee merla “thanks for the help!” reams “I stayed for you right?!” mazee merla “i'm so thrilled! It's coming again!”

reams noticed a hearted lamp fall from the ceiling. Reams “Time to start the show!” the fish lunged at reams. Reams jumped off the edge as she cut the chained lamp. The lamp fell into the water as it engulfed the water. The fish squirmed and flapped around as it shrunk. Reams “Dinners done!” mazee merla gave him a straight face. Mazee merla “i should cut you open and let out my friends” reams “you wouldn't want them like this and nothing personal. I've got to eat too” mazee merla shook her head.

Bogs and cloudora floated down into a room of clouds. Bogs “like finally getting back home but everything is cloudy” cloudora gave him an innocently mean face. Bogs “hey now, I see your imaginative innocence clear. Even you couldn't be mad even if you wanted to” cloudora giggled. Cloudora “do you want to test that out?” bogs nodded fast. The clouds became black as they formed into one smokey human cloud figure. Cloud “haha! Cloud here, cloud there, no matter where you stare, it won't be fair!” the figure separated into multiple clouds.

Cloudora “the more you see, the more lost you become!” bogs “that's true when I see myself on a late night binge” he looked behind him. Bogs “haha nice trick cloudora.” he looked around as fear began setting in. cloud “hahaha! Let the oblivion embrace you! Get rid of reality and live in imagination!” bogs “this imagination makes real hell look grand!” he ran around looking for cloudora. Bogs stopped and focused. He heard a voice inside him. Voice “see with your heart” he saw a lightning bolt flash in a cloud.

He ran to it and threw an energized page at it. The cloud dispersed as cloudora fell down. Bogs “Cloudora!” he ran to her. Bogs “Not so bad for a little guy huh?” cloudora smirked. Cloudora “the smallest usually light up the biggest my boguli” cloudora waved her wand as blue lightning bolts struck a black cloud. The cloud made thunderous sounds. Bogs “striking shot!” cloudora bowed. The cloud disappeared as a small black fuzzy frog creature appeared. It had two black tadpole ears. Bogs “I guess you were right”

the frog jumped up through a cloudy mirror. Bogs “Feeling froggy?” wave and etero stood at the edge of dark vined stone. There were four open spaces on the walls in front of them. Etero “i guess the dead walk on a dead carpet” something fell from the top of the ceiling. It was a bat with silver crescent ears. Etero “isn't that batty? You think i'm just going to get on a bat?” wave grabbed the bats ear. Etero “I'm starting to see why you are from another world” wave “me too” etero smirked.

The stone turned into a dark monster with teeth that had black eyes. Etero jumped on the bat. Etero “Not scared, just rather the other side” wave laughed. They sailed across the dark empty pit. They saw two people running from the space. Etero “Bogs?!” bogs “Etero and wave!” they ran to the edge. Etero “we don't have enough!” They jumped onto etero and wave. Etero “Damn it! At least you could've gave me the little rodent!” bogs “I have more class than your overgrown exhed ever has!” etero “For a cloud, you are heavy!”

cloudora “it's all my fun and joy!” etero rolled his eyes. Bogs “Be lucky you get to hold her” wave “like old times ehh bogs?” bogs smirked. Bogs “Not the first time you left me hanging” Cloudora “who is that?!” two people ran to the edge. Etero “Not again!” bogs “It’s reams and mazee merla!” they jumped onto cloudora and bogs. Mazee merla “don't mind us, were just dropping by!” bogs “not the way I wanted to see you but nice nevertheless!” reams “I've got a soft nice ride” cloudora smirked.

Mazee merla “you can hold a lot for a little thing!” bogs “don't let this little man cat fool you!” wave “it's true. I've seen him carry fifty cases of cigars and two cat ladies!” etero “this talking is dragging me down.” reams “i like it. It's far from the spotlight!” they flew into a bat symbol on the wall. They fell off the bat onto the black floor. Wave began walking forward. Sultry Voice “dark to light, light to dark, the greatest fright is what is out of sight” the room lit up as it revealed a room of black and white lines.

Cloudora “it's as if we're in a piano” etero “please don't play it. I hear enough of you already” wave “I’d rather that than monotone bass” etero “you aren't listening to the essence of it. It's not the note but the energy within it. Everyone looked at him in wonder. Etero “No one understands us bass players” he looked down. a small creature doll dropped down from the ceiling. She was silver with long pulled back ears. One end had a glowing black light and the other had a white light. She had big black and white alien eyes. Bogs “Aren't you a cute little demon”

cloudora spoke like a mother scolding her child. Cloudora “bogs!” bogs chuckled with over dramatic sarcasm. Bogs “I'm just playing the game” she held a sign that said, “you have to be this dead to ride.” From the ground rose a woman with numerous stitches as she was playing the piano. The stitches spelled, am I beautiful? Other ones spelled, will I ever be enough? Her hair was vines with little black creatures at the ends. They were cotton faces of a little girl with black mascara that bled into their cracked mouths.

Etero “I shouldn't have said anything” cloudora smirked. Reams “someone is trying to say something” mazee merla “now I thought I cared about beauty” wave “ were all stitched up dolls, only difference is you don't see them” reams “maybe but these are more charming no?” he leaned in on mazee merla. mazee merla rolled her eyes. Reams “see?” cloudora “what a beautiful melody. Sounds familiar yet strange” the woman began singing. A dark demon and an angel in between a singing little girl reflected from the keys.

Etero “the music speaks” living notes with legs and arms danced around them. Little voice “demons prance and angels dance, which way do I go? Either way, I'm still lonely and lost, I'll always be in my little musical world, hoping he will hear me one day, no matter how dead I become, I will always sing for you!” One of the notes turned into a sword and impaled the angel. Everyone's eyes lit up. Cloudora “oh my! Even music can be deadly!” another note turned into a grotesque woman and ate the demon.

Etero “damn. I can't imagine what he did to deserve that?” wave smirked. Wave “if you keep it up, that will be you” etero stood in shock. Etero “haha. You won't digest me! She isn't messing around.” reams touched eteros shoulder. Reams “haha. I love it when their angry” mazee merla whipped her tail at reams as he flew into a wall. Reams breathed heavily. Reams “so powerfully cute” etero “whatever you say reamanity” Black and white worms came out from the keys and ate the woman and little girl.

Bogs jumped up. Bogs “what a fitting ending!” the worms became a black flower with batra getchas face on the black petals. Cloudora “batra getcha!” etero “it's that batty freak!” the black cat looked at cloudora and meowed. It then jumped into the flower. Etero “of course, follow the black cat bat” wave looked into the flower. Reams “you are very curious but that can lead to your end” Wave “then you'll just have to save me right?” she jumped into the flower. Reams laughed. Reams “you already are” he walked to the flower. He looked at everyone. Reams “going into the unknown is when the magic opens up!” he jumped in.

etero “she forgot I saved her. He thinks he's a big shot” mazee merla laughed. Mazee merla “he shoots big but it's all smoke and mirrors. Show wave that you are bigger” she jumped into the hole. Cloudora “ahh love, such a sweet yet destructive emotion. Whoever they love the most, they will always choose and no one else” she jumped into the flower. Bogs “you know what I say? Life is a gamble so go all in!” he jumped into the flower. Etero “it's not like that guys. It's just. What's going on with me?

Am I gaining feelings? Haha. That's impossible!” he jumped into the flower. They flowed through a black tunnel. flowers and beautiful castles circled around them. They flew into a room. The floor turned into black and white snakes. Snakes “What you think is truth slithers around you and what you thought it was is the lie. The snakes became batra getcha. Batra getcha “or was that your own illusion?” the room became a large dark stone room. It had hanging bats and dragons that glowed neon lights.

There were hanging black carpets with eyes on them. There were crystals burning bold lights on pedestals. Cloudora yelled. Cloudora “batra getcha!” batra getcha laughed with a sinister tone. Batra getcha “you boast and gloat about your material and beauty, just to hide your true ugliness inside! A swine culture, indulging in surrounding comfort and gold, oblivious to what really is!”

mazee merla chuckled. “mazee merla “compelled to what's beyond, forever falling to find more truth, an escape of your own void but you are just as lost as the cover, if not deeper!” batra getcha put her hand over her mouth and giggled. Batra getcha “oh dear, the surface has the deepest lie. See this?!” there was a mirror with her face on the top. On one side was a white crescent moon with an innocent woman's face. On the other was a black crescent moon with a dark and evil woman's face.

Etero “I see two faces of one glowing bitch!” everyone's eyes lit up as they looked at her. Wave “see now you are using that rock head right” etero smirked. Batra getcha laughed. Batra getcha floated to etero. She caressed his face. Batra getcha “i'll show you your oddest nightmare bitch of angelic fury sugar rock. It seems you are rock solid already” etero “don't make me rock you away!” she giggled and sighed. Wave “there's no winning on that”

batra getcha “am I too ugly for you!? Soon that will all change! When the clock strikes three, I will be all you see!” doll children in school chairs flipped from under the floor. A mirror of words appeared in front of them. Batra getcha “soon when the moons reflect their sides of heart into me, my heart will reflect into everything!” cloudora yelled with passion. Cloudora “you can't take away someones' reflection! That is who they are!”

batra getcha snapped her finger. The mirror reflected herself and a dark world through the kid's eyes. Batra getcha “hehehehehe! Everyone will bow to my real beauty! No more light or true surface, only dark eternal love for me!” wave “there is no love without self reflection. How can they love when they don't know who they are?” cloudora “it's just an empty love! A deceived perception of false self can never beat for another!” etero “I don't know why you want to show the world yourself but I won't let you take away my reflection. Mine is too me to take anyway!”

reams “your desire is more shallow than your own surface. My soul will reflect through anything!” bogs “i don't like my reflection sometimes but it's still mine!” batra getcha “hahahaha! I'll show you how overated the light is. Come. I will destroy you with your own beauty!” a black mirror appeared behind her. Etero “Time to break your illusion!” Etero shot out boulders from his sword. He threw one up and smashed it towards batra getcha. Wave slid on the ground as she played her swito. A wave flew with the boulder as it gained speed.

Batra getcha flew into the mirror as it broke. Etero “I guess rock can work with water!” a mirror appeared behind etero. Batra getchas whip wrapped around him and takes him into the mirror. Batra getcha “nothing can stop your ending reflection!” It showed him deceased in a pile of boulders. Mazee merla “it's not true!” reams “He would never go out like that.” bogs “it's the way he would want to if he did.” wave spun around and slashed the mirror. Etero appeared. Wave ran to him.

Etero “that was a rocking time. I couldn't move. As if my world crashed around me.” He got up. etero “I missed this place.” he looked at wave with a smile. Wave smiled. Wave “i had to check because you were with batra” etero “im sure of it” he smirked. Cloudora “Come on guys, your chemistry is like a peanut butter and jelly sandwich!” bogs “A rocky one!” batra getcha appeard in the middle of the room. Batra getcha “your death will reflect through it all forever!” she transformed into countless mirrors around the room.

Etero “my death reflects my life. My real reflection never dies!” her face appeared in all mirrors. She walked to a man in the mirror. She kissed him as he turned black and died. Batch getcha “hehehehe! Can you make me beautiful!!?” Reams shot his plasma phase blast at it. Batra getcha “hehehehe! I getcha again!” wave “she can be in any of these mirrors” cloudora “don't look at what you see, look at what you are!” mazee merla “it's not the mirror that reflects you but you that reflects the mirror.” batra getcha “see your blinding fear eternally!”

batra getcha flew by wave in a shadow cloud bolt as she laughed. Wave “now it's high tide time!” etero “I've never seen you this softly angry!” wave “i was. I just waved by you so fast, you didn't notice” etero'' I noticed as I was” wave “when she comes out, I'll wave her to you!” etero “I can't wait!” cloudora saw herself in a mirror. Cloudora swung her rod in a circle as she shot lightning dragons at the mirror. Batra getcha screamed the deepest soul chilling terror. She flew out of the mirror into the middle of the room.

Wave “now!” Wave played her swito as she bent forward. It shot a blue crescent wave at batra getcha. She flew at etero. Etero “time for the bat to fly back into her cave!” he swung his sword upwards as he backflipped. She flew into a wall. Cloudora ran to her. Batra getcha breathe heavily. Batra getcha smiled as she touched her bloody lips. Batra getcha “my blood is so beautiful! It tastes like him! A bitter sweet death of love!” cloudora “this isn't your true desire! Light up your clouds!”

batra getcha giggled as she wrapped a whip around cloudora and struck cloudora's forehead with her other whip blade. It made a crescent scar. Batra getcha “now you will be ugly forever” cloudora gasped as she struggled to get out. Batra getcha felt a shock. Bogs “did that shock you!?” cloudora broke free and swung her rod at batra getchas chest. It shot out lightning bolts that made a crescent scar. Cloudora “it seems that I reflected what you did but i'm not ugly, just more revealed!”

cloudora spun kicked at her. Batra getcha teleported as she became bats. Cloudoras legs got stuck in the mirror. Batra getcha swung her whip at cloudora as she caught it with her hand. Cloudora pulled her to her. Batra getcha roundhouse kicked cloudora. Cloudora ducked as she flung the mirror at batra getcha. Batra getcha caught it as it melted into burnt roses. Reams “should we help?” bogs “nah. My cloudy pillow is puffing it up!” reams “why don't you tell her that” bogs “not now. It's fight time, not sleepy time”

reams “if this will change, aren't we still asleep?” bogs shrugged his shoulders. Cloudora spun around as she kicked at batra getcha. Batra spun around, ducking and jumping over each kick. Batra getcha wrapped her whip around crystals and threw them at cloudora. Cloudora waved her rod as cloud walls appeared and reflected each one. Cloudora “I am like a cloud, here but gone!” batra getcha laughed. Batra getcha “you still have a reflection! Try to hide from black clouds! Feel my beautiful shocking wonder!”

batra getcha spun her whips around as black storm clouds appeared. She flung them at cloudora. They struck lightning bolts around cloudora. The clouds became a water cloud above cloudora. Cloudora struck her rod down as the cloud splashed into batra getcha. Bogs jumped up and lifted his arm in the air. Reams looked at him with an estranged face. Bogs 'hey, i'm just excited” Cloudora “no matter how dark it is, there is always a silver lining ready to shine through!” she put her hands on her hips.

She felt a whip around her neck as she was pulled into the cloud. They wrestled another as bats and white butterflies flew around them. Mazee merla “now if that isn't nerve wrecking” batra getcha flew into a wall. Cloudora “it's over batra getcha! Put down the bat!” batra rose up with her eyes closed. She floated to the middle of the crescents. Batra getcha “all mighty lunar goddess nihra, bestow me your real reflection!”

The moons shined a light into a huge bat mural on the black crystal wall. It lit up as it flew into batras chest. As the light evaporated. They were staring at a large lunar bat glass creature with dark crescent bat wings. Her eyes were withered roses that bled ink over her mirrored face of scars. Her long bat ears were dark mirrors with bloody eyes. A young dead man with a knife in his heart swung from below. Etero “she saved her most beautiful gruesomeness for last!” bogs “now ain't that a sight for sore eyes!”

Batra getcha laughed maniacally batra getcha “let the curtain drop and the true wonder begin! This is my nightmare reflection! All other light consumed!” the ear eyes shot out black streams towards everyone. They jumped out of the way. Wave flipped around the beams as she sent musical waves at batra getcha. Etero swung three gold boulders into the sky as he jumped with them. Etero “Raintero!” he smashed them down as he flew past them. He came crashing through batra with his sword.

Reams slashed upward through her. As etero put his sword on his shoulder, the rocks crushed her. Cloudora rained down bright bolts of water that engulfed batra. As bogs threw an electrified page, cloudora shook her hip as she pointed at batra getcha. The sphere bursted out everywhere. Etero “now she's really dead!” wave “death is in everything, how do we know we aren't dead?” etero “simple, we are moving on!” wave “you can still move on and be stuck inside. It seems that only your decision can determine life and death”

cloudora screamed. Cloudora “batra getcha! No!” Etero “No!? You a spy!?” wave slapped etero on his arm. Wave “someone like that could never be a spy” Etero “ahh but what better person to do it!” reams “Look!” the boulders shook as batra getcha flew up into the moon lit sky. He laughed with sinister intent and evil soul. Wave “see?” etero “ehh, i'm still keeping my eye out” Batra getcha “moon glow, lunar flow, reflect what you are below!” the floor opened up as a dark moon with teeth appeared.

The sun shined rays into the moon as the moon glowed burning monsters and people. Batra getcha “nightmares fear me! sunlarie!” she sang ear piercing notes that shivered their souls. The light pillar expanded a sonic wave of lunar rocks and bright explosions. Everyone laid on the ground. Bogs “She's one tough black and white cookie!” batra getcha “yes, feed me beauty! Just so I can forget my ugly masterpiece!” She sighed in a sensual tone. cloudora “in the dark, there is light!” she jumped onto the white lunar part of the floor. It lit up batra as a little girl. Bogs “you've done it again fluffy!” cloudora blushed. Cloudora “it did it itself ,I was just part of the equation.”

a little demonic batra girl appeared on the other side of a small cotton mirrored young boy. He held a black and white heart. One side had a frown and the other had a smile. Music Notes appeared above black and white hearts. Angelic batra sang. Angelic batra “see you, sea me, this is no more to be” demonic batra sang. Demonic batra “dead or alive, my heart still bleeds for you, beatel!” the girls walked towards beatel. Wave and mazee merla jumped onto two white lunar piano keys on the floor.

The white hearts glowed and hymed as they shot white blood into the angelic batra. She walked faster. Wave “no it's your turn guys!” etero “i was going to do it anyway! Ready guys!?” they nodded as they jumped onto the black keys. The black hearts operatically sung as dark blood rushed into Demonic batra. She walked faster. Everyone jumped on keys as the girls made it to beatel at the same time. Demonic batra held beatel's heart. Demonic batra dang. Demonic batra “oh glass of my soul, show me real beauty!”

The mirror reflected batra getcha with beatel. Angelic batra sang. Angelic batra “surely you reflect what I see, batra as the space, beatel as the moon, glistening with the sea, riding the tides to the shadow escape, yet I'd rather die than to live a dead love. Set my true reflection free!” batra sang loud as the mirror broke. Batra getcha screamed in terror as she cracked into a million pieces. A light shined through everyone. Batra was on the floor with blood on her face. Cloudora “sis!” she ran to batra. everyone became intrigued. etero “sis!? oh that's why” wave shook her head.

Batra getcha laughed. Batra getcha “even I couldn't see this coming, yet I knew it would inside. Ever since beatel ran away, I felt ugly, like I wasn't good enough for him. I began turning cold and destroying others to gain a sense of beauty. I wanted to be the only one so I had to be beautiful but that wouldn't of changed anything.” cloudora looked down as a tear fell from her eye. Cloudora “oh batra, I know that feeling. As if you did something wrong or if you will ever get what you want.

Soon I realized that no matter what you do, something can go not the way you desire. It isn't you. What's made for you will come” Batra smiled. Cloudora “You are always good enough because you are you and anything else is nothing. it's also because you are related to me!” batra and cloudora laughed. “ bogs dropped a tear. Mazee merla “for a little critter, you have some feelings” bogs “heh. That's my teaitis condition. I cry when the moon shines in my eye” mazee merla laughed. Mazee merla “the moon reveals your true self” batra getcha “it seems the only one I got in the end was me.” 

bostrious voice “when the wolf is near death, it's capture is all the more grand!” everyone looked up. There were two guys on a circular shaped wood ship. It had four curved blue river wings on each side with a large serpent-like tail blade on the back. It began to rain black. Bogs “It's that guy we saw in the dungeon!” wave yelled. Wave “aspor!?” aspor laughed with sophistication. Aspor “it's been a while, yet did we ever depart my lovely wandering seahorse” he jumped down next to batra getcha.

Etero “haven't you caused enough trouble!?” aspor “is that anyway to talk to your new leader or emorel?” wave and etero eyes lit up. Wave and etero “what?!” aspor laughed. Aspor “don't be so surprised, afterall, look at what's happened so far. Normality is just a veil of our true odd nature” wave and etero grunted. Aspor “what's life without a little unexpectedness? It's what thrills us the most. Physel was lost to blinding power but I will rule with illusions. That way their poor lifeless lives can think they are alive” wave “they are more alive than you” mazee merla “your elusive vision is no different” reams “it's how you make gold out of nothing, not it's monetary value”

the knight jumped down onto the platform with his duel x shaped blades. He grabbed wave and put a blade up to her neck. Knight “I'm your knight in shining armor, gold lion, preying on the weak is what I live for!” wave “haha. That way is weak” He shook her. Etero lifted up his sword. Etero “how the predator becomes the prey!” Reams “no! As much as I want to shred him, it wouldn't be wise now!” gold lion “don't be a sheep although, they fall down so easily” he shook wave around. Etero clenched his fist. aspor kneeled down towards batra getcha. Cloudoras eyes squinted.

Aspor “you care for her so much hmm?” cloudora “Touch her and I will burn you into toast!” Aspor “i'll just be a darker flame” He smirked. Aspor “I have a message from drein” everyone quickly looked at aspor. Wave's eyes lit up. Batra getcha “what did my eternal love say darling?” she coughed. Aspor “he said how beautiful you are. Batra getchas eyes lit up. Batra getcha “yes!?” aspor “he then said” He pushed out his hands as sharp water rivers impaled her crescent heart. She gasped with passionate surprise. Cloudora felt rage and shock flow through her.

Aspor “you glow the brightest right before becoming a new moon!” cloudora lifted up her wand. Hoodie creatures jumped onto the platform and wrapped tentacles around everyone's mind. Etero “Damn it!” wave “dremels!” reams “Is that a new fad?!” etero “they are these weird dream taking lunatics!” wave “i knew you were behind it!” etero “yea. He knew too much about dremels!” aspor laughed. Aspor “you aren't as oblivious as you seem, yet I could be wrong. You should know wave” wave blinked with wonder. She quickly shook her head.

Wave “i am not one of them. I have dreams!” aspor “do you? Or are those make pretend?” wave looked down. Etero “come on wave! You are here with us right?!” wave looked up and smiled. Aspor lifted up batra getcha with his mind. cloudora ran to batra getcha. Cloudora “oh sis! Don't do it!” mazee merla “don't mind the depression they give you! It's just a darker and deeper light!” Batra getcha whispered. Batra getcha “ reflect your pure true heart, for me, for you. I'll getcha, getcha getcha” aspor “goddess of dark secrets and light, show us your real beauty!” aspor bowed as batra getcha and the moon was ripped in half. A large light glowed.

Cloudora screamed. Cloudora “sis! No!” everyone fell into the space. Bogs “i'm getting sick of this falling stuff!” the ship caught them. the light became a dark and light mirror. They reflected into her crescent heart. It reflected a mirror of a sea garden world. Everyone's eyes stared in awe. Cloudora sniffled as tears streamed down her face. Cloudora “this is what the moon really was. A reflection of another place. Of our hearts” etero “what? All this time, it was just an illusion?” aspor “an illusion that leads to the truth. He grabbed a crescent mirror with brown vines around it and batras face was on the top.

Aspor “now I have the mirror of dreams. I can reflect the opening to our salvation, the dream ocean” wave felt a surge of familiarity flow through her soul. Wave “the place of infinite dreams?!” aspor “you know it very well I see” He floated back to the ship. Aspor “An old adventurer named, willow discovered it in ancients times. All we got was a letter from him in the ocean saying, he found it. Some say he's still dreaming somewhere out there. it is where we will escape to a world beyond reality.

Etero “that's believable” he rolled his eyes. Mazee merla “i've heard of it before but it's probably just another delusional story of control” He flipped his hoodie down and walked to wave. Aspor had short black hair and brown eyes. Aspor “what we create is and will become real. Like a wave of a thousand wonders, unseen but flows from somewhere so far away. if it's here and there then it exists right?” he caressed her face. Etero “dream on!” Wave caught his arm. Wave “you can't catch something that is already gone”

aspor laughed. Aspor “that is just the beginning” cloudora screamed. She began shaking and sparking. Bogs “now you've made miss puff a lot mad!” her cloud flew into her. A wave reflected from her. Her cloud was black and she had black eye liner. Her cheeks were dark clouds with sinister smiles. She had long black hair and brown eyes. She wore a black see through skirt with a black revealing silky top. Cloudora “Feel the wrath of the darkest love from your own lovely, darnella! She giggled sinisterly. She shook her waist as she bent over and winked.

Black rain blades flew out of her dark rod and the cloud towards aspor. Aspor waved his arm as a huge shockwave emitted around everyone. Everything became blurry. Darnella spun her rod around as she shook her body. Darnella “karma is best served when wet! I'll shock you up all night baby!” she shot black lightning into her cloud. The cloud released it into aspor. Aspor became water as the ship exploded.

Chapter eight

Reams “Ahh the free air, I missed you!” suddenly everyone stopped falling. They looked to see crescent boards underneath them. Bogs “Ending this charade would've worked too!” wave fell off her moon. Etero flew to her as he caught her. Etero “just returning the favor, miss unofficial heroine” wave smirked. etero “Hey bog bog, Calm your woman down!” Bogs stared at her in awe. He shook her head. Bogs “You think I can control a woman, let alone her? That's like stopping the sun or getting a woman!” Bogs fearfully flew to her. Bogs “uhh, i've never thought darkness could be so beautiful”

Darnella quickly looked at him in a frenzy. Bogs jumped up. Darnella “who is that lady!?” she shot black lighting bolts with sinister female faces on the ends. Bogs jumped around the bolts. Bogs “hey! Wave? She's just a friend!” darnella giggled. Darnella “please boy, i've heard better excuses from wave “he's too short for me and I caught him singing a lady song” bogs “only a true gentleman can partake in the other side's festivities with manliness!” he winked at darnella as he ran around her.

everyone laughed. Bogs began to become embarrassed. Bogs “You don't understand” darnella caressed his face. Darnella “I'll let you off the hook this time my squishy furry boy but next time, your punishment will be much more severe” bogs eyes lit up. Bogs “That sounds like a darker pleasurable wonder!” darnella “i make pain so sweet!” reams “i'll be your dream that kills you” mazee merla put her hands on hips as she walked towards her. Bogs “oh no, you said the magic killer word!”

reams “heh. She's just another phase in the wind. How can I be scared of a passing dream?” reams quickly flew off as mazee merla chased him. Darnella giggled in a sultry sly tone. Darnella “ahh the twisted dark art of love! She squeezed bogs tight. Bogs “purr mamacita. Are you a nightmare cause your beauty is terrifying?” darnella laughed. Aspor stood above cloirus. He held up the mirror towards the old moon. Aspor “long lost sea dragon, sylentia, release your sorrow and become your true form!”

the moon world reflected into the moon. The cloud growled as it formed into a sea dragon. Bogs was licking darnella. Darnella “what is that?!” bogs “What?” mazee merlas eyes lit up. Mazee merla “it can't be!” reams was in her headlock. Reams “Let me see damn it!” she let go. Mazee merla “the ancient sea dragon sylentia breathes again!” sylentia cried circular tears into mazee merlas ocean. Slyentia flew upwards into the sky and crashed down into the ocean. Wave “do you feel that? Like I hear the waves speaking to me.”

etero “what are they saying?” wave “all I hear is muffled screams in water. A cry to reach the surface” etero “it feels like I'm waving with them. With you.” wave looked at etero with deep wonder. Wave “I've already past you” etero smirked. The water shook as it separated the underwater city as countless cloudy platforms rose from water streams. Seians screamed as they tumbled in waves and tides. The water splashed into another, forming into a one hundred foot sea dragon. It had numerous blue ivory towers and circular shaped buildings with a dragon on the top entrance. A river of water flowed through each one.

Mazee merla “my sisters and brothers!” reams “they are just getting fresh air. Besides, there's nothing wrong with change although it was there all along” mazee merla looked down. Mazee merla “i know but their lives were taken away. Why do we have to sacrifice just to live?” reams “it's not sacrifice if it's always you. It's what makes anything worth it. Were you ever that or alive?” his eyes raised in confident wonder” wave fell asleep. Etero shook her. Etero “wave!?  you fall asleep during the biggest moments” he chuckled.

Wave was a teenage girl and was standing near a lighthouse as it rained sorrow around her. Wave “i'm still waiting for you my rock, in my own dark sorrow world, watching my last breathes fold, hurry please, the water is up to my hair. Even if it reaches my head, I won't ever leave” they arrived at the dragon palace. mazee merla “so this is the real form of inlea!” their were seians swimming through rivers into their homes. They walked through a large dragon gate with dragons heads around it.

Darnella bent forward. Darnella “i remember my father telling me stories of sylentia and how cloirus used to be underwater but I never thought I would see it. It needs more flare!” bogs “don't we all. Fun time!” he jumped into the winding river. Bogs “it's so refreshing! He drank the water. Mazee merla “how is that dragon waste taste?!” bogs laughed. Bogs “like cloudora I mean darnella's dark beauty! Wait what?!” he threw up as everyone laughed. Bogs threw water at them. Bogs laughed.

Bogs “who's laughing now!?” darnella struck the water with lightning in the shape of hearts. Bogs shook up as he jumped out of the river. Darnella giggled as she put her hand over her forehead and stuck out her hip. Deep mysterious voice “was there ever any depth at all?” mazee merlas eyes lit up. Mazee merla turned around. Mazee merla “chief gondo bo!” she walked to him in excitement. Reams “you do have a happy side” bogs “women, they are interesting creatures. One minute they are destroying the world and the next, they are a baby angel”

darnella “us women are the spectrum and feel everything. Memories, vibrations but at least we make it pretty. You men keep everything inside until you make a huge dramatic show” reams “not so sure about that and we do it with style and power” bogs “we hold it in for you” darnella “not my problem boys” etero “where is cloudora and what have you done with her?” darnella giggled. Darnella “you are looking at her” etero “whatever you say psycho cloud”

the older looking chief had golden skin of earth. He had two blue feathers on each side of his long brown hair with the end of his ponytail being deep blue. It matched his brown eye and blue eye. His face was scaly and had a blue fin tail. He wore white and black cloth with blue and red stripes flowing through them. A white circular feather piece covered over his chest. He had a tattoo of two feathers as wings on his back. Chief gondo bo laughed. Chief gondo bo “queen of the sea! Your high tide has returned!”

mazee merla “i never left! Unlike my mother. She let me and my brother drown when I was young” Chief gondo bo shook his head. Chief gondo bo “still as stubborn as always. Let me show you something. Please come with us” etero shrugged. Etero “Nothing else better to do than to smash the little rascal” he pounded bogs head. Bogs laughed sarcastically as he jumped onto eteros head. Bogs “This magician has many tricks to show my wrecking ball head” etero “that hurt.” he looked at everyone.

He grew concerned. Etero “kidding guys! I can neve feel pain!” they walked off. Etero “you hear me?! I'm unbreakable!” He looked down. Etero “Am I? Of course I am!” he walked to them. They passed large monuments of dragons on floating clouds. A small flying cloudy mermaid flew around them.Chief gondo bo “Don't be alarmed, they are glyistes and are harmless creatures” etero “that's what they said about butterflies and mothers” It's little silver and blue misty wings glowed silver light with a tail coming from it's forehead.

 It had little glittering blue cloud shaped eyes. Darnella “Don't let the innocence fool you, they can be the most dangerous” chief gondo bo“gwahahahahaha. Even your nervous naivety is warm and innocent. Nature is a very strange thing indeed but remember that you are it. Most living things want peace”

mazee merla “creatures of sky and sea together as one, a dream giving wings” Chief gondo bo “that is right. The more separate we become, the more together we are. Nothing goes through pain for nothing yet was it pain at all or just a hurtful necessity?” wave “it's not pain or pleasure, it is your experience. No matter what you go through, you remain” Etero yawned. etero “are we done with this nature tree hugging wise boy yet?” mazee merla “listen, you might learn something more than being a shell boy” etero laughed. Etero “I am more than a shell! I am a moving wrecking machine!” mazee merla put her hand on her forehead.

Gondo bo laughed. Gondo bo “lover of the future are you? It is more similar to the past than you think. I am no more wiser than you, only more cautious but beware, that can kill you too” etero “okay old wrinkly prune” bogs “listen to your elders kid!” etero “this is coming from a cat magician boy” bogs “there it lies” etero paused with a stale face. They arrived at a large sea mountain. It had water flowing through the blue boulders.Sea dragons statues were around the pool in the middle.

Mazee merla saw splashes of her as a little girl with another young girl. Reams touched her shoulder. Reams “You were dozing off on me water princess” mazee merla shook her head. Mazee merla “i was just seeing the other true reflection” reams squinted his eyes. Reams “What's to say that what we see here is false and the reality is what we vibrate?” mazee merla “this is where my selfish mother left my sister and I to drown in that pool above. We were in a war with the skyzars. They attacked the town looking for the clam of dreams.

As they came into the sea mountain, they threw me and my sister into the pool and we couldn't swim. Etero “that's ironic” wave slapped him. Wave “you are idiotic. What kills us usually becomes our power” mazee merla “I haven't seen either since but my mother can drown for all I care! reams “hey I know that fury of softness. Lower your tides” mazee merlas eyes began watering with fire. Bogs “not a good thing to say now eh champ?” reams brushed his hair. Reams “I know she likes me but I'm like the sea baby, always moving” mazee merla “ don't be so cool mister dreamer, you are always moving in the same place” she slapped him with her fin. Bogs “told you” reams “thanks for the launch”

gondo bo “hahaha. You have much to learn dear” they walked into the cave. There were torches lit up with hanging mermaid and dragon statues. Mazee merla “these are the brave warriors that sacrificed for us” she walked to one mermaid man with blue eyes. Mazee merla touched him. Mazee merla “delian, you flow forever” gondo bo “this is the birthplace of slylentia. You see that silver woman with the blue cloth around her waist?” there was a statue of a sultry curvy woman with long silver hair over white eyes above a sea dragon. Water flew through her hair and blue and silver skin. She wore a small bone top with dragon antlers.

mazee merla “she was a brave warrior, known for her strength but truly for her serenity and soul. Long ago, she drowned here. Some say it was her own sorrow of a loved one she lost. After centuries, all of the sea creatures merged with her and became the dragon were on now” gondo bo “her monster of manifested sadness rebirthed her. A creature we all hide inside” Etero “you enjoy that monster. I'll stay being me” bogs “sometimes the real monsters are the ones who seem like angels”

“that is right. Is there such a thing as a monster or our view of it?” mazee merla “see those two skeltons below in the water?” bogs “Rather not but yes” mazee merla “that is her and the love of her life” reams “till death do us part indeed although, I think it's, till forever” etero became enraged. Etero “holding onto something that's gone. It's as bad as walking on a burned bridge. it's foolish and pointless!” he walked up the stairs. Bogs “that was a twisting affair” Wave “there's so much more underneath what we know” gondo bo “What you know is what you don't”

He walked up the spiral staircase. They walked up the stairs. Sylentia cried a river that fell into two skeletons of her and her lover. They made it to the top. Mazee merla ran to the pool. A tear dropped into it. Someone caught the other one. She looked to see it was reams. Reams “don't' worry, they ripple forever inside” darnella yawned. Darnella “clouds rain, we scream, its gets dull after a while. Don't cry so much over something you didn't always have. For you to come together another, you had to divide”

wave “forever is in what was done yet it's not about eternity as that dies. It's the connection you had. We grow in release” mazee merla “you all say that but you suffer deep down so don't!” she saw a skeleton with two tridents struck through her on each side. She walked to it. Gondo bo “this is your mother, nazala!” mazee merla paused in shock. Mazee merla “don't be warped by other's views. Only the seer knows what happens” gondo bo “will you listen with your soul and not your ears?

I was here. Your mother knew you were drowning yes but she had to defend the town. She knew if she went after you, you would've all died. They impaled her and reached for the stone but they couldn't touch it. It emitted a blue light that blew them away. Perhaps the magical spell of a mothers love for her child” Mazee merla'' I can't believe it. Mother?! No! I never knew!” she hugged her. Etero “now that's some sick love” wave “spooky love is all the rave now” bogs “it's a chilling good time”

reams “Where am I?” mazee merla “ I wanted you to see what i've become but that's okay because you feel me through your bones. Our love flows on as one! You are my only mother and I will show you why!” she turned around. Mazee merla “i am mazee merla, daughter of the almighty warrior, nazala! I will swim forever for her and for me! To become the greatest seian ever! No obstacle can ever stop me! Let my conviction reach the beyond!” Reams “I've never seen you so proud and fiesty and you never looked so beautiful”

darnella was mumbling. Bogs “What are you up to now?” darnella “not now! This is my fun time miss vanilla!” she flickered between light and dark. Darnella “you better not forget about me my furball boy!” she kissed bogs on the forehead as she became light. Bogs “now that's a shocking kiss” as the light dispersed, it was cloudora. Everyone's eyes lit up in confusion. Etero “is it just me or is darnella and cloudora the same person?” wave “darnella could be her dark side” reams “maybe the death of batra getcha manifested into her” Etero “heh. Bogs 

“where did darnella go?” cloudora brushed off her legs as she bent over to get up. Cloudora “back to the darkness where she belongs” darnella “you can't escape me my boring angel!” cloudora “it’s my time now” bogs stared at her in amusement and oddity. Bogs “It's like two for the price of two” cloudora “you didn't mess with her right?” bogs shook. Bogs “Of course not my fluffy puff! It's only you!” cloudora smiled. Cloudora “good!”

etero “Good thing you aren't like that wave eh?” wave “haha. You couldn't handle my darkness” etero'' I made it this far right?” they walked through the cave. Mazee merla felt a water drop onto her face. The clam necklace fell around her neck. He touched it. Gondo bo “no. the time will come for when you open it.” mazee merla “what a tease. Thank you mother” She walked forward. They heard a voice speak loud through the dragon. Wave “it's him.” etero “Aspor” they ran to the main platform.

Aspor “my fellow bretherings, I am aspor, your new leader. Everyone stared at him, unsure what to think. Aspor “don't be alarmed, I am here to help build your kingdom greater than you can imagine!” wave “if that isn't a lie, I don't know what is” aspor “you see this?” It was a blue star shaped sphere with a blue serpent underneath it and a red dragon above it. Aspor “here lies, the sevion, the gateway to the dream ocean. A world where your biggest dreams come true! You've been struggling with life for too long.

A once brimming life now a machine, blindlessly repeating what isn't you. what happened to that passion in your heart? You ask yourself, why can't I achieve what I want? Don't you want it all to change?” some people began clapping. Etero “Come on. Are they really that naive?” mazee merla “it's all nativity in another flavor” aspor walked to the seians and caressed the girls faces. Aspor “wouldn't you want a huge world with peaceful beaches? A place you can be free of pain?” the girl sighed with love.

a metal blue jellyfish cloud in the shape of a catfish floated down. It had closed big blue wavy eyes. Aspor “here it is, the one who will give you anything you desire! stop being afraid of your true vision and let it into your mind!” Etero looked at wave as they nodded. Reams shot the jellyfish. Reams “a dream from another can never be true” everyone ran out to aspor. Aspor lifted his arms, as he shook and yelled. Aspor “I must be your favorite dream!” he smirked at wave. Wave became enraged.

Wave “yes you are my favorite thing that doesn't exist!” aspor laughed. Aspor “you wave the sweetest dreamy beauty when you are angry! i exist in non existence. How do you know you exist? Pain? The physical world? Whati f that is just another kind of nothingness?” etero “I've had enough of this washy womp! Can I wave? Please?!” wave nodded. Bogs “He's delusional wave. You exist because I exist and I feel it inside” Aspor “That's right wave. You remember right? You are just like me but don't worry, that will all wash away the filth as we return to the horizon of true dreams! Delanda!” waves eyes lit up.

Wave “delanda?! How do you know?” aspor “haha. How do we know anything? Maybe a certain wave brought me there.” waves stone shined a light into the sphere. Etero “What the hell?” aspor “ah yes. Just as I thought. When the seastar meets her dream, the sapphire angel key will shine with sevion and the way to the dream ocean will awaken! You just keep aiding my dream and your end without me doing anything!” wave “it's also aiding me and I didn't do it for you. What it helps is up to you” reams “don't play innocent. You forgot a small detail. Deceiving everyone, killing batra and brainwashing people” everyone closed their eyes as the jellyfish plugged into their minds.

Every seian became dazed with a smile. Seian “I've gotten my dream! I'm so happy!” he walked off out of his mind. Mazee merla “haha. It's like a world of zombified illusions, living on dead artificial wonders, sacrificing true real fate and chance for a false comforting lie, still, it's not much different from this reality but at least this one is true. I expected more from you really” cloudora “You can't force true dreams! The clouds would be empty. They would never burn and come together!”

cloudora shot two white cloudy lightning bolts at the jellyfish. Aspor “hahaha. It is protected by dream power!” etero “dream power? I'll make you a dream right now!” he ran towards him. Someone jumped in front of him. Man “heh. Oh how the prey perfectly comes into place” etero “you only preyed on yourself goldy!” aspor “you see I don't need to exist for I am, the dream killer!” he jumped into the sphere. He rode into space on a starry space fish. It had blue star ears that covered it's big round blue and black eyes. it had a curvy white belly with blue and white stripes around its fluffy cloudy skin.

It had a big blue tail with a star on the end and two triangular shaped wing fins. Etero “now flying fish? It just keeps getting more insane!” he swung his sword at gold lion. Gold lion caught it with both of his blades. Gold lion “x marks the spot!” he flung etero back. Gold lion “I am the king of this intellectual jungle and killing is what I am!” he lifted up his blades as they grew flames. Etero “you are only a king of delusions. I don't need to be one to rule!” he slashed the blades down as fire waves with lions roaring rushed at etero.

A wave crashed into gold lion's waves. Wave “leave some fun for me!” etero “heh. I guess I will!”  gold lion laughed. Gold lion “the parasites gather together and swarm, protected by another yet, some have to die!” cloudora “i think you need to cool down!” she spun her rod and shook her hips as clouds of water crashed into him. Gold lion roared as he reflected a fiery circular wave, engulfing the water. Bogs jumped on cloudoras cloud as he threw his electrical pages at gold lion.

Bogs “let the show begin!” he threw pages around gold lion as he flew at him. He flipped kicked him as he jumped to another spot and uppercutted him. Bogs “Ahh damn! Forgot he had armor!” reams “haha. Quite the showman are you!?” bogs “It's all part of the act!” black shadow cats came out of the pages and flew into gold lion. reams laid on his back and shot gold lion while looking at mazee merla. You might shoot an eye out with that beauty” Mazee merla sighed as she rolled her eyes.

Mazee merla “muscle memory stud” she smirked. Reams paused in shock. Reams chuckled. reams “it was your dreamy eyes that made me see no?” he smirked. Mazee merla smirked. Mazee merla “i'll shoot you without you knowing” reams “oh i'll know” gold lion got up. Bogs “is this guy human?” gold lion “hahaha! Yes. That is the fighting spirit I need!” etero “now's the time to show who's the real king! Hold on princess!” wave paused. Bogs “now even i'd say that's way out there” wave “he can't be talking about me right?”

Reams “there is no way, although you do have your moments” wave and mazee merla looked at him with a mean look. Reams “I know I'm good.” He hid his fear as he gulped. Etero tackled gold lion onto a nearby platform. Reams “it's like watching two animals fighting over what game to watch” mazee merla “can't say it's not entertaining” gold lion pushed etero back with a fire wave from his hand. Etero fell over and grabbed the edge. Gold lion “how's it hanging?” Gold lion slashed his sword down as etero moved his hand over. Gold lion kept slashing at his hands as etero kept moving around the edge.

Bogs “this is like trying to walk straight after a long night.” Gold lion “can you kill me? I demand you to!” etero flipped up behind him. Etero “I'm not doing it cause you said it!” they slashed at another as they jumped to platform to platform. Gold lion “this is my jungle. Witness your last fire!” gold lion slashed his blades onto the ground. They emitted lion roaring flames at etero. Gold lion threw the blades in the air. He rushed towards etero as he threw fire waves at him. As he reached him, he caught his blades and slashed etero in a cross shape. Etero fell back. Wave moved towards him in urgency. Reams “no. he would be more mad if you came now. You are okay here with me”

etero got up. Etero “heh. Not many have knocked me down but that's just another return!” Etero slammed his sword on the ground as it shook gold lion off balance. He jumped into the air. Etero “divide ride!” he slammed his sword into the ground as it divided the platform gold lion was on. Gold lion “my fire burns forever!” He fell into the ocean. Bogs “that's how it plays out” cloudora jumped up in joy. Bogs “no one jumps like you” etero walked back to them. Etero “Did you not have the time of your life?” everyone “ehh”

etero “oh no way! I saw you guys excited! He looked at himself in wonder. Etero “I know I was good. Wait up!” mazee merla “i've heard of ancient stories of delana but it only told me that it is an ancient lost city of sea” reams “delana, the place of dead dreams” mazee merla “so you've been there” reams “no but feel as if I have been” bogs “hometown ehh wave?” wave “you don't know anything! I know what's in my heart! You can't tell me what is so leave me alone!” bogs “wave wait!” she ran into the sphere and rode the starry fish.

Cloudora “well that a shocking turn of waves!” bogs “i've never seen her like that but I know why. We're from delana but it's in another world. Cloudora “so you guys came from delana of another universe” bogs “yes but this is becoming stranger by the minute”cloudora “where one place is, the other one is so cheer up mr bogswiggle!” bogs smirked. Bogs “i don't know how you can be so chippy in the darkest times.” Cloudora giggled. Cloudora “like a thunderstorm becoming a rainbow, they bring another to life. The lightning sparks the calm but Even the peace can be more deadly than the strikes”

bogs “perhaps. It's like having a bad hand and getting the last card that's an ace, winning it all. you struck again my dear. Mazee merla “there's always a reflection of you” etero looked phased out. Etero spoke calmly and lifelessly. Etero “i hear you calling me through the melodies of the seas. Can you be here? He shook his head. Etero “you can't tell me my reality” he slowly walked into the sphere and rode on the starry fish. reams “what's up with etero?” cloudora pointed to her cheeks and then up. Cloudora “i got it! He cares for wave! “Everyone looked at her with a straight face. Cloudora “what?! No no! There's no denying it. I can feel it like a comet gravitating to the sea. Like butterflies to a flower!” bogs “like my hands with pages!” reams “it could be the dreamy waves reflecting his dreams”

Etero “she really comes and goes like a wave, a phase of dreams that seemed like they never existed yet felt like forever, calling to us with a glimpse of her infinite sea, hoping we sea what she means. am I any different?” cloudora walked up to the fish. It kissed her. Cloudora jumped up. Cloudora “aren't you the cutest little squishy squashy mush!” mazee merla “that blumo won't hesitate to rip your jiggly puffs off like a snack” cloudora “well then, i'll just feed him and come back out!” mazee merla put her hand on her head and shook it.

Reams “Blumos?” mazee merla “futuristic fish once seians of a far away dream star. Their dreams were so strong that they enabled them to swim between sea and space. Where the star shines memories with the sea of dreams, coming together through the ray rivers” Reams “ our ships of inner dreams huh. seems sensical but how do you know all of this? You are like a librarian of the sea” Mazee merla giggled. Mazee merla “after living in the sea for so long, you realize how deep life and yourself goes”

reams “we're all suffocating in ourselves and no one knows. We just pretend that we can breathe but was there any ever suffocation at all? Maybe we can find out here” mazee merla “breath isn't just air we breathe in and out” she jumped onto a blumo. Bogs “you guys are so wrong and right for another” reams laughed. Reams “I'm a dreamer, I dream alone” he jumped onto a blumo. Bogs “it's not always fun alone. You have to cook food and your heart becomes cold”

cloudora “aww. Don't worry! I won't let your heart get cold. I'll always spark it up!” bogs “Sounds like a real shocker” They jumped onto a blumo and shot into the space. Space rivers spiraled around them. reams “i can't imagine how deep and dirty you go” mazee merla smirked. Mazee merla “you've already drowned” reams “No difference to me” wave “Drifting through dreams and spaces, new and old faces blur around me, which one is the real one? will I ever stop or will I always be lost? Can this be delana? It can't be but I don't care anymore, as long as he's here.

He's like a meteor falling in place, gaining space and velocity to the city he once knew, yet stands still, never making it back, never coming out just like me. Remember that you can always escape through dreams” they flew into a large circular planet with the lower part as a frozen iceberg and the top as two metal neon mountains of water. It was surrounded by a circular crystal wave. Sciney serene giggled. She stood on a podium with a blue fox unicorn creature on it. There were tall industrial tree buildings with neon lights around the metal leaves.

Smokey delusional air floated around the people on the streets below. Sciney serene “my fellow endens! I know you've been in such pain from the s virus. It has devastated the city of inustka, taken away your security and loved ones. It seems hopeless and dead but like a dying star, we will burn out brighter than ever! We have something the virus does not, faith in science! I assure you that your new leader, the most intelligent and beautiful woman alive, sciney serene will guide you to a world of painless life and peace!” everyone cheered. They wore charcoal colored helmets and steel silver plates over their brown and red leather suits and skirts. Sciney serene “now the time that awaits you has come! Come bow to your new savior, the science machine, selextor four!” she ripped off a sheet from a figure.

It was a large woman machine. She had green and blue liquid that flowed around her silver metallic body and face that had metal glowing nebula shaped pieces around its human cheeks. One of her closed eyes was a red proton and the other was a blue electron with a purple cloud above them. Everyone's eyes lit up in shock. Sciney serene “hehehe! Isn't she a beauty?! Here is your future! By infusing your electrical charge with its own, it creates a chemical reaction in the clouds that transfer a proton into you.

The electromagnetism works with strong interaction to bind the proton and your disease, clouding the diseased nuclei, causing it to lose its charge and dying off” everyone cheered. Sciney serene “who will be the first subject to try!?” a young woman with short pink hair stepped up to her. Young woman “I live for fear!” sciney serene swayed her hand to the machine. The girl walked into the machine. The body closed up. The proton and electron sparked through another and the girl. It flowed into the cloud that sparked lightning. The girl felt electricity flow through her body. Young woman “ahh! I want more thrill!”

The video monitor showed the diseased proton shocked with electricity and clouded. The diseased proton withered away. The woman stumbled out. Everyone held their breath. The young woman raised her hand. Young woman “i'm cured!” everyone roared. People “all hail queen serene!” sciney serene showed them a cunning smile. A big old man walked towards here with a cane. He had a large white beard and white hair on the sides and back of his head. He wore a white and green suit and walked to her.

Old man “it seems their excitement has distracted them” sciney serene laughed. Sciney serene “don't worry colonel greditch, their own ignorance will keep them seemingly unaware of the hard truth.” colonel greditch laughed with such evil joy. Colonel greditch “soon, we'll have enough money to buy the universe with the next cure and disease! you really are a master of science indeed!” sciney serene giggled. Sciney serene “that's as obvious as photosynthesis!” they both laughed maniacally. she walked away. Sciney serene “you aren't the only one that can take over, drein.”

Chapter nine

wave was a young girl floating in the sea. She slowly looked around. She saw three blurry young boys asleep. She looked to the ground. The sandy floor began moving. It spelt “meet me here, at the edge of reality and dreams, i'll float here till the end of this dream” “Etero slowly awoke. Etero “Damn blumos. Can they even see?” he got up. Snow of innocence swayed onto his freezing lips. Etero “I thought space was a little warmer than this. Still nothing to me” he saw a young woman in a white dress and short blonde hair run past the snow cottage giggling. Etero “i guess this cold can make you giggle. She slowly peaked from the side of the house. Young woman “can you warm my heart again?” etero “no can do lady. The Young woman whispered.

Young woman “why? Is it because of her?” he felt a breeze flow through him. Etero “who's her? Young woman “her. You know her. She is inside you” etero “listen lady. I only have enough warmth for myself” he saw a trail of blood in the snow. Etero “can we stop with the horroric theatrics already!” he heard a voice singing like a graceful angel. Etero “is that her?” he followed the trail. He saw wave sitting on a frozen shoreline. Etero yelled. Etero “wave!” he ran to her. She jumped up and moved her hands around quickly.

Etero “are you planning on killing us all? If you are, kill bogs first. It's not that I hate him, he's just all over the place” wave smiled. Wave “if anyone was to go first, it would be you” etero smirked. Etero “I'd still rock it harder than you. The evidence is overwhelming. Wave “what?” etero pointed to the ground. Etero “There was blood that led up to you just now” wave “you must;ve landed weird” etero “no. there was this young woman that kept bothering me! Wave laughed. Wave “I believe you” etero paused in silence. He didn't know if he should be happy or sad. Etero “you do?” wave “why not?

I've been around you to know that you don't lie. Maybe.” etero laughed. Etero “like this snow sea. an horizon of a frozen hope and dream, always there yet never burning, still, it believes in the shoreline as it's always with it” etero “listen to you miss deep wonder” wave smiled. Wave “watch out, the seemingly most shallow can have the deepest secrets” etero “i've come to see that. He sat down next to her. Etero “a view that never changes. Like watching me as a kid with my sister, forever playing.

Being so happy and innocent, we wish it could never end. We never thought it could die. Did it?” wave “your sister? What happened to her? Etero sighed. Etero “i don't want to tell you yet but she's been gone for a long time. Etero and Wave looked down. Wave “you are still together in this. I feel that way too. I remember being young and free with my brother. I felt so alive and invincible around him. Since he left, I lost a part of myself, like this winter sun, spinning around but cold inside. Why does it have to end?” etero “i don't know but maybe that's why it makes it forever. Not everything we experience is just that time. It is in us, rippling forever. In here. He put his arm on her heart.

Wave “etero. Don't let this end okay?” etero hugged her. Etero “i won't. We'll burn this moment forever into the beyond.” Reams jumped in between. Reams “divide time! Haha” etero jumped up. Reams “What are you two lovers up to?” etero “we're not lovers and we were just talking spontaneous maniac!” he walked off. Reams “you see this?” he slowly opened his hand. A little white crystal shaped creature flew around wave. It glowed two crystal tails, wings and transparent long bunny ears. Wave “are you breeding with creatures again?” reams laughed. Reams “Existence would explode. It can barely handle me. It's a lely. A magical creature that keeps a secret forever. Go ahead. Tell it your deepest secret” wave whispered into the lely. The lely shined bright as it flew into the horizon.

Wave “how will I know it kept it forever?” reams “as long as it's in you, it's in it. Don't worry, I'll protect you till this damn ice melts my warm stone of soul” wave looked into the horizon with a destined look. Wave “thank you” reams hugged wave. Reams “You are like this ice sea, graceful and deep, freezing under the lunar blanket yet brimming with such warm dreams” wave “it depends on what wave I send” reams smirked. Mazee merla bent over them. Mazee merla “splash!” reams jumped up. Reams “Why do you be a ninja?” mazee merla “i wasn't. You just didn't hear me. Why do you spaz out like that?”

Reams brushed his hair. Reams “It's part of my act” mazee merla giggled. Mazee merla “you always have to put an act on, just to be cool and get the girl but that just masks your real uniqueness. It's unnecessary and doesn't make you more manly” reams “I'm all natural strict teacher of the ocean. That is just another mask. You are no different dreamy sea, strong and independent on the surface but you hide much truth underneath'' mazee merla “Somethings are meant to be only yours” she walked off.

Reams thought to himself. Reams “she walked off like a fish sinking into the ocean, back into herself, yet she feels so close to the surface, to me” etero spoke with anger. Etero “reams. What kind of name is that? Look at me. I'm reams and shoot creams! Haha.” he heard someone whisper something. Etero “is it that girl again?” he saw footprints around him. Suddenly someone was on his head. Etero swung his sword at it. Bogs was laughing hysterically on the floor. Etero “bogsinworth?! Damn you!” he slammed his sword into the snow.

Etero looked behind a snow woman to see Cloudora was giggling. Etero yelled sarcastically. Etero “it's so funny!” cloudora jumped up as her arms flew high and her knees touched. Etero “I already have some creepy woman talking to me” bogs “what?” etero “maybe you'll see her soon. I also saw blood leading to wave” bogs eyes lit up. Bogs “i've known her for so long, murder isn't her game, yet, you never know what she comes in with” cloudora “wave is like a pure wave, it wasn't her”

wave “well if it isn't my furry friend” bogs bowed. Bogs “your asstastic best buddy is here to mess up the day! He shivered. Bogs “maybe not as much here. It's pretty cold. How are you not freezing puff puff?” mazee merla “that attire isn't exactly winter proof” everyone laughed. cloudora giggled. Cloudora “it isn't the layers but the warmth inside” bogs looked at her in a serious face. Her cloud was shining light into her. Cloudora blushed. Bogs “i'll buy one of those” cloudora “she doesn't have a price”

reams “everything has a price, it's just realizing that it is also beyond it. How could you buy what is infinite?” wave “there is no price, only perceived value of what is free.” mazee merla “you cannot buy unknown experience and fated wonder and if you could, it would be valueless as that is just the tip of the iceberg” Etero “if you are buying it then you never truly got it and see it as only material”
they heard a boy and girl laugh. Wave “you hear that?” etero “oh bogs?” he walked to him and pointed his finger at him. Etero “No! Bad boy!” bogs laughed. Bogs “Did you just realize that? not bad, just a darker class hard kid. It's when I am at my best right cloudora?” cloudora pretended to agree. Bogs looked at her with a surprised, are you serious face. etero laughed. Etero “Hey, bad knows bad but you can't bad like me” bogs “the feeling is mutual” reams “hey guys. When you get done bickering like an old couple, look!”

they looked. A small white skirt and blue cargo pants were floating side by side. They giggled. Blood began spreading around them. It turned into a sentence. “will you bleed with me?” they ran off, trailing blood. Etero “See! That's her!” wave “so you aren't that crazy.” wave walked after them. Bogs “come on mister tough guy” etero “heh. That's me!” he ran past them. He saw an old abandoned white and blue iceberg shaped house of ice. It had blue glass mirrors with blood smeared everywhere. A light flashed as it showed it burning. It showed a younger etero and a young girl in a white skirt next to him laughing.

Etero shook his head. Etero “can it be?” wave “creepsville” etero slowly walked towards the house. Wave “never saw you so phased out” she followed him. Etero smashed the old wooden frozen door down. He walked into the house. He saw frozen pages and photos on a blue sculpture of a young boy and girl, holding a flame in between. A light flashed. Etero was a young boy with a young girl. It showed him taking her picture. Young girl “hehe. How do I look?” etero smiled. Etero “like a crystal that could never fade”

wave “you can't hide it anymore. Tell me what happened” etero shook his head. Etero “nothing happened! What does it matter to you!” he stormed off. Wave “well, that says it all” etero “when I was young, I explored this house with my girlfriend at the time, snowa fox. It burned down and I never saw her again.” cloudora hugged him. Cloudora “her love forever burns here and through the embers.” etero “as long as I burn, she burns with me” bogs “with a name like that, she must've been adored.” cloudoras cloud puffs in her hair sparked into a dark cloud. Bogs “not like you though” cloudora smiled. An icicle flew by cloudora. She jumped onto bogs in fear.

Bogs slowly fell down. Bogs “i still got you. Never knew clouds weighed this much.” cloudora “it's a lot of beauty and sweetness!” etero walked to a golden music box. It had a ballerina in a white ballerina cloth over white tights spinning around. Etero “is that the melody of when we promised we would always hear another and come for another?” he had a flashback of him with a young girl with a blue and white note on the back of her polka dot dress. They were on the edge of a mountain. Girl “promise me you'll hear me and come to me. Listen for me through the echoes of the mountains cries, through the vibrations of silent frozen love inside.” etero “I'll hear you through the cold brisk breeze. I will stand at the highest point and scream your name, melody!” melody smiled.

He saw her turned into the music box. Etero “melody.” The ballerina exploded with blood that flew onto eteros face. Etero shook his face. The ballerinas' eyes became big holes with red tongues of notes slithered out towards etero. Etero slashed them off. The music stopped and the sculpture began to move. Reams “We've got a work of art becoming a zombie” Wave “true love never dies huh?” etero “Was it ever true?!” the sculpture screamed with a little girl's voice in agony. Reams “Seems she's happy to see you again!” The sculpture shot blood tipped icicles out of its eyes at etero. Reams shot it into the wall. Reams blew his gun. Reams “iced out”

the sculpture swiped its sharp icicles arms at wave and etero. They jumped over it. Bogs began throwing his electrical pages at it as mazee merla traded sword strikes with it. Etero and wave came slamming down on the arms with their weapons. Reams “it's that simple” the creature screamed in agony as it grew another set of arms. Wave “someone doesn't want to let go!” the creature shot icicles at etero. Etero dodged them and slashed them away. Bogs “cast fire cloudy momma!”

cloudora shook her head. Cloudora “I can't! I'm afraid of the flames! The burning haze of disappearing love!” the creature flung bogs into the ceiling as debris came falling down. Mazee merla dived into reams. Reams “I know you can't keep your hands off me but not now” mazee merla stuck her sword next to his face. Mazee merla “i should've let you get knocked out. It might've knocked some sense that other people exist too!” Etero “now it's getting serious!” wave “hey is it getting warm in here?” etero “it does seem a little more hotter than before” they heard flames burning behind them.

Darnella giggled. Darnella “miss me? This place is so sorrowy and stiff, time to lighten it up don't you think?!” she spun aorund as she swung her wand side to side. She bent over and pointed her rod under her legs at the creature. Darnella “let there be death!” two firecloud balls with sinsiter faces of her came out of her top. One burned a line of flames into the creature as it brimmed a large light. the other flew into it as it burned a brighter light. She blew a fiery kiss that hit the creature, engulfing the a flame as big as the house.

Darnella “no one messes with mister moggles and lives to tell about it!” bogs fell next to her. Darnellas eyes lit up as passion flew through her. Darnella “oh dear, there you are. I just want to adopt you and take you away!” she squeezed him hard. Bogs “I'm a real hassle miss burning cotton candy!” darnella jumped up in sensual joy. Darnella “hehehe. This is just the preview!” reams “it's getting rather dry in here ehh?” he ran out. Mazee merla “leaving so soon?” she walked out.

Darnella and bogs ran out. Wave walked to the door. Etero kept seeing moments of the moment it burned. The creature melted into snowa fox. Eteros eyes lit up. Etero “snowa fox?!” snowa fox “i'm waiting for you here, in our frozen memory, a heart that still burns. Just stay here with me” etero “snowa fox. I. He walked to her. He fell to the floor. Wave on on top of him. Wave “come on! The ceiling almost got you” etero shook his head. Etero “you are right!” they ran out as the building collapsed.

He watched the building burn an old memory into eternity. Etero “snowa fox!” wave “that wasn't her” etero “don't you think I know that? It just feels like yesterday that it all happened. this is my hometown, my real home, celzea, the place of eternal snow” darnella “hmm. Where innocent memories and desires fall forever, never burning on” reams “so we got two friends that are from different worlds from where we met them. Oh how the irony keeps building off another.” wave “it's a small world of other worlds.”

mazee merla “one's story and history multiples with another” reams “like how we're all from different places yet met another” Etero “it's like this mountain glacier, notya, so high up with memories and places, yet all together. Bogs “why did you turn into darnella?” darnella giggled. Darnella “did I. Muah and cloudora are entwined, I'm just her wild side! I guess cause she saw you in trouble” wave “in dire times of friends danger, you unleash your deep power you never knew you had”

mazee merla “like a mother's force when her kid is in pain, a surge of emotion and soulful connection” bogs “thanks. Never had someone got that emotional over me. Well, besides wave when I pissed her off by beating her in spheres” wave chuckled. Wave “i was spherey eyed and you were about to die” everyone laughed. etero “haha! this is no laughing matter!” he ran up the mountain. Wave “just when he was lightening up” they walked to etero. He was staring at a frozen crystal with a woman inside.

It had, will you play icy dicey with us?” written in blood on it. Reams “that's a roll of the dice that doesn't seem assuring” bogs “sounds like a stabbing good time.” cloudora “id like to keep my parts.” Etero “we were in the war of wizards and witches. They came from an illusive world, wyz to take away the sundallion. An ancient medallion capable of burning the universe. In it, many of us were frozen into crystals forever.” darnella “it's so beautiful. Oh that's me!” mazee merla “crystals have a rich history. They are said to possess infinite life and imagination. A source of reflections of our dreams and soul”

darnella “we are living crystals in this form, glimmering unbreakable memories and self, transforming forever and never.” darnella swung her rod as fire blades flew from the sky into the crystal. Etero “it's no use. It has a curse of amora. A spell that binds their fears inside. darnella “everyone can use a little warmth” etero “it's like how we stay in past moments, holding onto what has died, refusing to accept it, choosing a dead eternity over a new life. It's not right!” he ran into the snowy mist.

Darnella “what chipped his rock?” they followed him. He saw a little girl and boy. Etero “who are you?!” girl “you'll never know!” boy “abcdefg, a big curse demon enters for guts, hijklmnop, he is jacking killing little monsters over panic, qrstuv, quite red suicide time under vore, wxyz, when x why zies” snow falls and she calls, it's getting colder, say goodbye to warmth!” they ran off. He saw their blood on the snow. Etero “wait.” He matched the design. Etero “it says, suicide now on world. So that's why with the snow and stuff. He walked forward. Everyone saw him staring at a large sapphire iceberg woman statue. Above her to the right and left were two gold music notes on blue frozen stones. In between them was a frozen sun shaped medallion that was gone. Etero touched her softly. Etero “melody. It's been so long. You still look beautiful.” wave “who is melody?” etero breathed in and out. Etero “she is my. My sister. Are you happy now?” everyone's eyes lit up. Darnella “oh im sorry dear.”

wave felt sorrow flow through her. wave “i never knew etero. She is beautiful and would be proud.” etero “thanks. It was during the war. It flashed back to when he was seven years younger. Young etero was slashing magic spells and bolts with his blue sapphire large sword but his hand wasn't stone. The mountain was flowing rivers and flowers. A witch in a blue cloak was shooting out ice breath from her rod into a young melody. She was thin and wore a black and white skirt with long white boots. She had a music note on her chest of her black and white polka dot top.

Melody yelled. Melody “brother! Im getting rather cold here!” etero “Hold on sis! I won't let you go!” he ran to her and grabbed her hand. She slowly turned into a sapphire statue. Etero “melody! You are the warmth!” melody grabbed his face. Melody “brother, don't leave me here for eternity!” etero grabbed her hand and dropped a tear. Etero “you are eternity and we are forever inside!” melody cried with angelic passion. melodies tears froze in mid air. A wizard jumped in front of him. He was a tall older man with a long white triangular beard and long white hair. He wore blue slacks with a white cloak with flames and ice rivers at the ends. He had a sun symbol on his forehead. Etero “get out of my way, rudel!” rudel “no etero! I promised your father I would protect you!” etero “i'm not here for your emotional tragic backstory!”

rudel swung his rod around as a flash of ice appeared in front of them. Etero tried to run to melody but ran into a wall. Etero “Damn you rudel! Rudel “Get into the wordory now!” etero paused. He looked at melody. Etero “I'll be back sister, just wait! sing for me and I'll hear you and come for you okay?!” melody smiled. Melody “my melody will go on forever for you!” he ran into a large sapphire time capsule with a crystal and a flame on top. He looked at rudel. Etero “I'll see you in the sun?!” Rudel laughed. Rudel “I’m like a wind spell, I always breeze back!” the witch laughed. The sundallion flew into her hands.

Etero touched the glass in urgency. Etero “Damn you evil witch!” witch “now I have the power of light! I need to try it out. Oh! Here's the lucky first constenstat!” rudel laughed. Rudel “I'm the last light you'll see! Rahh!” the place lit up a bright light as etero disappeared into a plasma void. He rolled up onto a shore. Rela ran to him. Rela “Are you okay sir?” etero coughed. Etero “Melody! Rudel!? Where are they!?” rela “oh? I never heard of them” etero jumped up in rage. Etero “melody is only the last melics and rudel is only the greatest wizard of all time!”

he walked off. Etero “That's what happened.” wave “just like me. Washed up on a shore of an unknown place, yet when I see you, it becomes familiar. We find familiarity through another. What goes always comes back etero okay?” Mazee merla “the seas are entwined, like how the moon reflects with the tides.” etero “That's why I gravitated to your voice wave. You sounded like my sister. Damn it!” he slammed on the wall. Reams “Now that's not the way you want to treat your sister right?” mazee merla tripped him with her fin.

Reams “That's just another balance!” Wave felt euphoric. Wave “i can hear her sing” eteros eyes lit up. Etero “you sure that's not your silent voice?” wave smirked. Wave walked closer to her. Wave “no. I hear a calming voice soaring through my soul” bogs “what a silent hit wonder!” darnella “ones who sing hear others who do too.” etero “What is she saying?” wave “she's saying, don't tell etero to worry. Will you sing with me. It might help me.” eteros felt a surge of fiery passion through his veins.

Etero “she's still alive? Melody, my long lost voice of graceful soul, sing to us!” Wave began singing. Everyone's hearts felt soothing. Bogs “That sounds like the melody from that crazy bat lady batra!” darnella “even darkness, the deepest pains can destroy itself. Only its own kind, truly relates and understands it” Mazee merla “sometimes dark defeats dark, as it is it and faces it's reason, Where it see's the light of it all” reams “it's why you are using darkness, what's in your soul that determines it” The music notes lit up. Darnella “now the party is starting!” something rose from the ground and cut the head of a frozen woman. It was a woman with two silver stone scissor shaped blades in white. She landed on top of the iceberg. She was curvy and wore tight white rubber over one leg and a red scarf around her other leg. She had three red stripes across her cheeks.

Her sleek foxy hazel eyes burned resolve that matched her two fox tail ponytails. She wore a white and red jacket with red stripes. red mysterious sultry voice “hehe. That's three today.” she slowly cut her cheek. Sultry lady “make that four and soon to be five.” etero yelled. Etero “you talking about yourself!” she giggled. Sultry woman “well then, that is also you as you are me. Like the far off sun, burning with your heart and every movement, frozen in eternal bliss forever”

she jumped down in front of them. Woman “always want to move on, yet you never do, walking but stuck inside, how can you be so ungrateful” etero “i'm more grateful than you could ever imagine!” wave “appreciation isn't just what was, it's what is and will be” woman “why progress when you can stay in joy?” mazee merla “staying in a dead moment is worse than a new sadness” she walked up to etero. She caressed his face. Woman “ohh yes, this is the one I must bring back to my secret place. Won't you come with me underneath progression?”

etero “i'd rather die!” he tried to grab her but she back flipped. Woman “i'm disappointed in you etero” etero “how do you know my name!?” the woman looked away in sadness. Woman “don't you feel it? That old fire that never dies?” he felt a familiar surge in his heart. Etero “no. is it?” the woman laughed in a sinister tone. Woman “how could you forget your love, the one and only snowa fox!” everyone's eyes lit up. Etero “snowa fox!?” prove it!” Snowa fox “very well.” she showed him a blue sapphire in the shape of the sun. etero “that could be any stone!” she threw it at him. It had their initials on it. Etero “so it is you!” wave “you were the the little girl and the creature!” snowa fox “is it really a surprise? After all, life is a giant discovery that was always entwined and there. I've missed you so much that i've waited here for you.” Let's get married!” bogs laughed. Bogs “now that's one is death and beyond it!”

etero looked down. Etero “snowa fox. Even if I still felt for you, you attacked me and my friends! I could never be with someone that tried to harm us!” snowa fox “aww, did I hurt your poor little friends? Hehe. we all harm another in more ways than you realize. See this?” She showed them a bright sun medallion on her chest. Etero “is that the sundallion!?” snowa fox “you are still as smart as before. It keeps our love and everyone here frozen forever.

As long as I have it, my heart for you will burn.” etero “so you were that witch that froze my sister!?” snowa fox “i was always jealous how much attention you gave her. Think of it like this, she can live in this moment forever” reams “now that's just too creepy” “darnella “that's just a lightless sun, only burning dead memories. It's as if there is no light” wave “you can't stop freedom, what we feel, like a wave, we always flow on!” snowa fox “i will never let you move on without me! This is mine forever!

She jumped into the ground. Reams “Get ready! This bitch is red hot!” Darnella “sneaky little fox huh!?” darnella stuck her rod into the ground as it shook. A crow flew towards wave. Bogs “Now this is becoming silly” The wings became scissors. Reams shot at the crows blades as they clipped waves hair. The blades caught his bullet. Snowa fox “your created shot can never come close to the speed of pure inner fire! what happened to good old fashion traditions?” reams “heh, they're getting stale, you gotta keep it fresh” wave “thanks but I wanted that cut” Reams winked at her and bowed. Wave smirked. wave “now she's done it!” she jumps in a circle headbanging as she spun out waves towards snowa fox.

Snowa fox sidestepped them and flipped over them. Etero “wait! Let me break this heart for good myself!” Snowa foxes eyes lit up with surprise and excitement. Snowa fox “well then, heartbreaker, come and get it if you can!” bogs spoke sarcastically. Bogs “here comes mister hero man!” reams “go get em lion. Just don't mess it up. She's watching” etero smirked. Etero “even when I mess up, I still rock” Etero shot sapphire boulders out of his sword at snowa fox.

Snowa fox “looks like I caught your heart again!” Snowa fox caught them and threw them at etero. Etero slashed through them. Snowa fox jumped into the ground. She came jumping out of holes as she slashed at etero. Etero blocked them countless times. As she came up, etero grabbed her and slammed her into the wall. Snowa foxes eyes lit up with love and passion. Snowa fox “there's that fiery love I know! You can't resist this fox can you?!”

etero “the only thing I can't resist is ending you!” he felt rage flow through his veins. He slashed at her head as she ducked and turned on the wall. Etero kicked her legs as she jumped over it. Snowa fox “isn't the chase so exhilarating?!” etero punched at her chest. She flipped over it as his fist was stuck in the wall. Snowa fox “just like old times my eternal fire huh?!” she roundhouse kicked him as she spun around to sweep him. Etero blocked the kick and jumped over the sweep. Snowa fox lunged at his arm with her scissors. Etero pulled it out right before the blade cut his arm. Etero “I've already lost one arm, I can't lose another!”

snowas fox slashed his hoodie off. Everyone gasped. Bogs “is that part of his stoned face?” wave stared at him in shock. Wave “we're all stones inside” snowa fox “i'll show you the last hottest hole you'll ever feel!” a hole appeared under etero. He fell in. reams “that's a hole you don't want to go into” mazee merla “how would you know?” reams “if she's this crazy outside then inside must be beyond painful” mazee merla “you just can't handle beauty.” bogs “you always get yourself into trouble” reams “it's just a more exciting coolness.”

the hole it black and red with bloody photos and hearts of etero and snowa fox. Snowas fox repeatedly cut and stabbed him from above. He saw a fire approached him. It became snowa fox with fiery hair and tail burning fire. Snowa fox “welcome to the lovely foxhole, enjoy your eternal burn!” she spun around with her scissor blades as they impaled him in between his legs and neck. Snowa fox “love at first stab ehh?” etero “heh, our final divide as well!” they flew out of the hole.

She came flying in and out of holes, slashing etero faster and faster, trailing flame lines. Snowa fox “do you love me yet!?” bogs “Oww, that's an unpleasant situation” darnella “tell me about it.” reams and bogs looked at her in confusion. Darnella “what? Oh it hurts. Yes it does.” etero “How could I love what is gone?!” he screamed as a large fiery wave emitted from him. It blew snowa fox away. He fell to one knee. A red tail line flowed from her to etero. Etero “damn. I'm burning and can't move!” Snowa fox walked up to him with a sultry jiggle. Snowa fox “like a fox, I burn and leave like I never did! Snowa fox “this is my home! You can't take away my love!”

etero was in a hazy phase. Etero “Alright snowa fox, you are right, I can't resist your warming foxiness. You must be a fox because your fire rocks.” snowa foxes eyes lit up with love. Snowa fox “is that so my little long lost light? Oh how I knew you would fall to my burning smoke that takes you away. You are the sun and I am the snow, coming out for a second as you shine my memories, reliving innocent love through the chilling soul breath, our sanctuary of eternal birth, connected with a familiar line that can never break. We can burn inside the earth's heart forever, never to leave, safe and sound.”

wave tried to ignore it but felt a surge of sadness. Bogs “etero come on! You have better taste than that!” reams “this is some tragic spooky love.” snowa fox came in to kiss him. Etero “i just want to say.” snowa fox put her finger on his mouth. Snowas fox “don't' speak. You said it all already.” etero lunged his sword into snowa fox. She flipped over it and landed on the sword. Snowa fox growled. Snowa fox “you can't stop carrying me huh?” she jumped off and fell into the ground.

Snowa fox began screaming. Snowa fox “not that melody! Ahh, the agonizing sound of progression! Shut up!” she slowed down. Etero jumped into the air. He swung his sword around in a circle as sapphire boulders appeared around him. He slashed them as they covered all of her foxholes. Etero foxy foxy, come out wherever you are!” he lifted up his sword as a huge red boulder appeared at the edge. He came crashing down into the ground. He impaled her chest as he flew through the ground. Etero “time for you to burn for the last time!”

snowa fox “please fill my heart hole up so I can be free etero! Burn me alive! I've been frozen for too long! Hahaha!” he came crashing down with her through the boulder. As he lifted out his sword, the boulder broke open. Snowa fox was bleeding and breathed heavily. Snowa fox “i guess something can't go forever. I was scared, terrified of being vulnerable, of leaving what I always knew. That's why I always hid in my hole, only coming out for a breath but you made me feel safe. Like I could stay outside longer”

Etero “Snowa fox, I know it's hard to leave what was so beautiful behind but I see that it's more lonely to stay with what has burned out.” snowa fox “please. I don't want to be buried. Bring me to the top of the wall so I can die outside. He carried her to the top of the statue wall. Snowa fox “stay out here with me for just a little while longer.” She grabbed his stone part of his face. He grabbed her hand. I saw it shine through you for the first time and it's so warm. Never forget me.” etero shook his head, etero “how could I forget what shined in me? I'll remember you when I look into the sun okay?” She smiled as she fainted.

Etero shedded a tear. etero “you were just like me, always trying to stay inside, keep something dead alive. my snow fox, you will always burn through me!” wave shed a tear. darnella shedded a dark sad faced cloud tear. Bogs “even you can cry?” darnella “don't you know, darkness has the deepest hearts.” bogs “never thought dark compassion could be so angelic.” darnella hugged bogs. She floated up in front of the sun. the sundallion shined a light. Snowa fox blew away as embers. The sundallion resonated with eteros sword. It glowed a sundallion symbol on it. Etero “what?

I hear you snowa fox. I know” he nodded. He pointed his sword at the empty sundallion stone. A light shot into it, brimming light. The light flowed into the music notes as it played a harmonic melody. The ice began to melt. The sundallion emitted a long red string as it wrapped around eteros neck. Etero touched it. Etero spoke with conviction and deep connection. Etero “snowa fox. Your light with shine around us beyond the sun!” Darnella “look!” they saw the sun shining. Mazee merla “you never know how bright something is until you see it shine from the darkness.” bogs “cloudora?” cloudora was crying. Cloudora “the most beautiful feeling is being so far away without hope and then being saved”

Mazee merla “it seems cloudora and darnella work with the environment, the emotion. what is around us, we become.” a fox popped out of a hole next to etero. Etero “Hey there little fox.” it jumped back into the ground. etero smiled. wave walked up to etero. Wave “a fox popping out of a hole is a sign of rebirth, an old flame burning out. It's snowa fox, always burning free. As long as your heart is burning, she is too” Etero “thank you wave.Etero “Snowa fox.”

An angelic voice whispered. Voice “etero” A familiar raging love flew through him. Etero quickly turned around. Etero “Melody!?” he ran to her and hugged her. Melody slowly caressed his face. Melody “oh dear brother, it's been so long yet I knew you were always here, keeping me warm!” etero smiled. Etero “I will always be your light sister” melody “it was so cold, so lonely yet it was where I found myself, saw what I was passing by” Etero nodded. Etero “sometimes in the cold, you shine the biggest fire.

Even though I've been to different worlds and places, I was cold, unwilling to let this go but now as the steam rises away, I'm letting it burn away. I won't let you freeze again” melody smiled. Melody “thank you etero but i'll be alright as long as you are alive. As you know, I am the last melic. The ancient musical angels of crystora, the first and last musical world of everything. They knew I had the ability to alter time with my voice. It's why she froze me to sing a melody of eternal love.” etero “well she's gone now so your beautiful voice can be heard for everyone” melody “that's right. She walked up to wave. Melody “you. Wave waved her hair. Wave “the only one” melody smirked. Melody “I heard your voice inside my soul. Where did you learn how to sing from within?” wave “i don't know. I guess it started after losing my brother. I began singing in hopes he would hear me”

melody looked down. Melody “I know how that feels but he can hear you.” wave looked at her with a curious face. Wave “you think?” melody nodded. she looked at etero. Etero nodded. Melody “I would like to visit your world soon. You guys and girls Seem like an interesting group of oddities like me” everyone smiled. Bogs “good. I need more people to help me win games” cloudora jumped up. Mazee merla “oddity isn't enough to explain us”

melody laughed. The reams “looks like someone is shaken up and might have to postpone those plans!”
bogs “we could use your clouds about now!” cloudora “I can't. It's still too cold!” bright red double edged sharp edged fox tailed snowboards appeared around them. Etero “what the hell? Snowa fox?!” he saw a burning transparent figure with a wizard hat. Etero “rudel!?” it nodded. Rudel “it's been a while my old friend!” etero “it is you one trick short of a magical catastrophe!”

rudel “this is how I make my magical appearance and disappearance. Gotta keep it wondrous!” etero “you coming?!” rudel laughed. Rudel “i've already came!” melody and wave. “etero, get your butt on a board!” etero “till we trick again!” rudel “trick on!” they rode the snowboards down the avalanche. Reams looked up to see wave slowing down. Reams shot the board as wave flew into his arms. Reams “seems appropriate as we are falling” wave smirked. Wave “hey reams?” reams “Yea my wavy dream?”

wave “don't ever shoot at me again okay?” reams shook. Reams “i didn't shoot, just a booster!” wave thought to herself. Wave “its like falling back into the place you wanted to go back to, yet a euphoric feeling of suffocation, building with fear and insecurity, like leaving my home to go into another. Why should I be afraid? It's there to catch me” melody “its like were about to fly into our memorial freedom, a fleeting flight of accelerating return, an endless warmth that feels like we'll never land!”

they flew off the edge into the burning sun. wave saw a large city in the distance. Wave “is that?” they landed into a large ocean. Wave was floating in a city neon lit room. There were countless musical notes and drawings of two women in water and another one of a young boy with a bloody blue fish head, flowing blue snakes into three young kids minds on the walls and floor. A young woman with short black hair and blue eyes walked to the window. She was wearing blue shorts and a white shirt. She glowed neon blue and green through her body. The alarm clock time was stopped on the blue neon lit, 11:11.

Young woman “the city is like an ocean of shadow buildings, tears of sorrow bolding the neon lights, trying to reach the surface, yet they remain unseen in a dreamy space, never to be real, lost in the crowd, never to be my own. As I look out this mirror horizon of dreams, I wonder if the streets can hear me? If I could ever fly over the noise and congestion, blocking out the true beautiful escape, flashing through blurry lights but I'm always suffocating in my own illusive world of another, can I ever be real? Am I even here?

The glass became glass as a wavy path appeared. Her eyes lit up. Wave tried to speak but nothing came out. Wave “don't do it! It's not better on the other side trust me” she took a step. Wave put her hand out. The woman was floating outside her window. The young woman felt elevated and nervous. Young woman “how am I floating on air?” she walked to the middle of the city. She saw a young man walk to her. He had short spiky brown hair and brown eyes. He wore brown cargo shorts and a white and brown vest.

Young man “is it you? The girl from my dreams, miry?” miry “yes. You must be the guy from my dreams, ryen?” a man floated to wave. Waves eyes lit up to see it was etero. They felt excitement inside as they hugged another. Etero tried to talk but wave couldn't hear him. Miry “i saw you so many times, crossed so many cities, just in hopes of seeing you. Now I can't believe this is real.” ryen became excited. Ryen “even if it's not, you make me real. Do you see this?” he handed her a photograph.

It was etero and wave next to another. Wave and etero looked at another with shock. Wave tried to grab the photo but her hand went through it. Miry “they seem so familiar. Like I was her before.” ryen “yea. Maybe if we find them, we can escape!” mirys eyes lit up. Miry nodded. They went to hug another. A black line flashed in between them as they drifted away. Miry reached out her hand. Miry “ryen! No!” ryen “dont worry about me miry! I'll always be in your dreams!”

a large blue and black fish with glaring eyes opened its mouth. There were countless dead minds floating in it. It had long sharp red teeth. It began inhaling them into its mouth. Blue fish “hahaha! You'll never be more than a helpless dream!”

chapter ten

wave woke up breathing heavily on the shoreline. Reams walked to her. Reams “looks like the wave is back” wave “even when I'm back, I'm gone” reams “even when you were asleep, I saw you waving into the dark horizon.” Wave looked at him in a confused way. Wave “when did you become mister deep suave?” reams laughed. Reams “i was always it in my own way, this was just the next step.” wave smirked. Wave “I've got a few tricks of my own.” reams smirked. Reams “a trickster knows another. Everything comes and goes so fast, like a beautiful dream, yet it always returns in it's departure.” wave “what if nothing ever came at all? That it was all just a hopeful illusion we deem real?” reams “what happened has truth as it is connected to you. What happens around you, happens inside you.” Wave “what if the inside is false?”

reams “even if it is, what measures reality? What happened or your reflection of it? I'll be with you, every wave of the way, real or false. Looking at you is like looking at the horizon of eternal dreamy soul, like I can float beyond” wave “you couldn't imagine where I could take you.” reams “you already did.” he kissed her as he caressed her face. Waves eyes lit up. She felt a surge of wonder yet strangeness” etero “melody!? I'm coming.” he swam to her and brought her to the shoreline.

Melody smiled. Melody “You never fail me my strong brother!” etero smirked. Etero “the best brother ever!” melody “i don't know about that.” etero “hey.” they laughed. cloudoras emitted fiery passion. Cloudora “well isn't that adorable?” bogs “Adorable? I don't know. Unexpected like a talking glass of water or a cat and dog getting along? Yes.” mazee merla chuckled. Mazee merla “they'll never last. They are like fire and ice. He will just get tired of her and gravitate to another. So typical of men.” etero “Don't be closed to stereotypes. Many times, they are universal and not all are the same. Wave, I never would've thought.” cloudora hugged mazee merla. Cloudora “what could be is all it is and leads to the next true one. As if it never happened so cheer up amaze sea.”

mazee merla laughed. Mazee merla “it is no concern to me as like the sea, it is just a passing ripple that is no different than any other. Word of advice, with or without someone, you go on and for the ocean to know the shoreline, it has to depart from it, although, that was just another beginning.” she walked off. Bogs “she's mad. Cloudora “how do you know?” bogs “her tone in her voice.” etero stood in confusion and numbness. he wasn't sure what to feel or say.” reams “oh we have an audience.”

wave looked at etero and everyone. Wave “he kissed me.” she played her swito as a wave flew into reams, flinging him into the rocky wall. Reams “She asked for it. That's some love huh.” wave walked up to etero. She felt many emotions but she couldn't say anything. Cloudora spun around. Cloudora “I'm for it. Can't have enough love right everyone?!'' Everyone rolled their eyes. Bogs “That's right marshmallow.” they walked forward. Reams stumbled to etero. Reams “hey, I know you are.”

etero shook his hand and squinted his eyes. Etero “haha. I'm not interested. She can't handle me anyway.” Reams “Good cause I barely cared anyway.” he smiled. Etero “if there were a book with the definition of, agitating rotten nightmare, your face would be next to it.” reams “what?” etero “Water is cool.” reams pushed his head back in oddity. Reams “I guess it is.” etero muttered words as he walked away. Etero followed. Melody “my brother isn't well.” cloudora “why?” melody “i hear his dissonance.” walked into a large futuristic city. It had tall big white and blue oval shaped metal buildings with a blue sphere on top. They waved like they were in water.

It had blue and white neon lights glow around it. Neon lit water snakes flowed through the whole city. They waved waves of neon to and from the circular divided windows. Wave felt a wave of familiar souls rush through her. Wave “can it be delana? There's no way but still, it feels like it is.” she saw a mirage of drein walk forward. Wave surged with anger and confusion. Wave “drein!?” she ran towards him. He flicked phases of him holding a baby in a glass tank and a young boy opening his eyes that became a mind with eyes. wave shook her head. Wave “was it real or an illusion? Maybe my own dream.” Wave saw someone that looked like her. She ran to her. Wave “is this delana?” The young woman had a blue tail with long blue wavy hair and deep blue eyes. She wore a silver and blue shimmering top. She wore a blue and silver back piece that divided out at the hips. It had blue river shapes running through them.

the young woman spoke in a dreamy drowsy tone. young woman “dreams sleep in your mind.” wave “what? I didn't ask you that.” she walked to another one. Wave “what is your name?” young woman “name is sleeping.” wave grew emotion and urgency. Etero “there you are swimming ninja.” wave forced a smile. Etero “i know that smile. It's far from the truth.” wave “there's truth in it as it's me.” She ran to an old house. Etero “a truth of a lie.” he ran to her. Wave “this is where I grew up.”

etero “Kinda like my old house.” wave walked into the large brown door. She looked around the house. She walked up the red carpeted stairs in the middle of the house. She entered a room. There were drawings and writings all over the walls. Etero “Someone doesn't like to use paper. Wave “it's all paper. See this?” There was a little girl with a noose around her neck. Wave “this is a girl I saw in my dreams. She seemed so familiar to me.” etero “it seems tied somehow.” wave slapped eteros arm.

Etero “don't ever do that.” wave “you are used to it.” etero “not the slap. The noose. You are full of so much life.” wave “am I? Trust me, I would never do that. Besides you, what would bogs do?” etero laughed. Etero “it's so warm discovering your past and home. Brings back soul chilling memories.” wave felt excitement flow through her. Wave “it's like floating in a sea of melancholy dreams we've been too before.” oh my old guitar!” she ran to it. It was light blue with wings on the sides.

She began playing a tranquil melody. Wave “that was the song I made for my brother ocelen. When he was away, I played it and he would come back.” etero “probably just a coincidence yet from what i've seen and your oddity, I wouldn't doubt he heard it.” wave laughed. Wave “oddity gives us character, it shows how far and deep we are.” Reams eyes lit up. Reams “delana, the city that always sleeps. it's been three years, yet it feels like I never left.” melody eyes like up. Melody “always sleeps? I've heard of it but never been here. I will tell you that even in sleep, it rings a calm melody.”

bogs laughed. Bogs “it seems the melody hears the melody.” melody smirked. Melody “I also hear the sarcasm smarty pants.” bogs smiled. etero “damn it. It's so depressing here and everyone is brain dead.” He looked up at the wavy sky. Etero “wave.” the dark starry space rippled. A series of bright spheres connected with a bright blue tail made a shape of a large serpentine with long blue wavy hair and tail wave.” eteros eyes lit up. Etero “is that you?” voice “is that who?” etero felt a calming wave of energy from her. Kind of peaceful yet distorted and numb.

Etero “bogs. I Thought he got into trouble again and flew to the stars” wave chuckled. Wave “that wouldn't surprise me at all. He once sunk an entire casino and came out with his winnings” etero laughed with innocent warmth. Etero “that must've been a sinking feeling.” wave “he hasn't sunk any lower since.” etero “i know he can sink more.” wave smirked. Etero “so that was here right?” wave turned to the wave-shaped shoreline. She looked at the horizon of a sun and wave looking at another with such confliction and connection.

Wave “i don't know. I know I came from another world and everyone here is so dull. Not like the Seians from where I was.” etero “yea. Their on some delala stuff. Wait. He spoke like mazee merla. He put his arms around his waist. Etero “heh. It's the secret liquid of the ancient blobos tribe meant to show us the super deyeye vision. Stop it men!” they both laughed deeply. Wave “that is mazee. Like the sun and wave together, waving in and out of memories, maybe this is the other side of my home.”

etero “like us. You are the waves and I am the sun, burning my far away light, waiting for the waves to reach me so I can see where I'm truly from. Like my home, frozen but still on fire in the sun's reflection of it, always shining and releasing its soul. Even if this isn't your hometown, it's okay because it's always inside you and beyond this reality. I know it's real wave. I'll make sure you get there.” wave “etero. Thank you. I can show you all the secret alleyways and we can climb the highest building, dreams point. Etero eyes lit up.

Wave “there you can see the bright neon sky, reflecting the dark blue lights below, like an ocean of a virtual dreamy horizon. It's something you have to see for yourself.” Etero “there I can show you my shock and lock skills!” wave became excited. Wave “i'll show you mine as we run through the city, echoing chilling adventure and oblivious familiar wonder. Like being a kid again, screaming out the windows and roll down old hills we used to go to!” etero “let's go!” he looked at wave. She dropped a tear. Etero “wave?”

wave “i. We can't do it” Etero “yes we can!” wave yelled with deep sorrow. Wave “it's too good to be true! It won't happen! No matter how positive you are, it won't change the truth! She turned around. Etero slowly put his arm on her shoulder. She grabbed it. Etero “wave it's okay. Like the waves, just wave and I'll drift to you. i”ll be your seashell at the shore. No matter what you come back as, I'll still be your guardian.” wave turned around.

Wave “oh etero. When you feel the rain, I'll be there, sinking forever but I don't mind. Just rattle and I will come swimming for you, even if I run out of breath cause you are my oxygen” etero hugged her. Wave “if you don't, so help me darnella and existence” they laughed. Etero walked away. He stopped. He felt a surge of familiar soul rush through him. He turned around. Wave was waving at him. Etero smiled and ran to her. Etero “heh. I knew you couldn't get enough of me!” Etero caught her tears. Etero “wave, i'll always catch your droplets of compassionate dreams.” she smiled with hazy wonder. Etero went to kiss her. Wave yelled as she pushed etero away. Wave “go!” as they flew back, a blue electrical wave rushed in front of them.

Cunning voice “heh heh heh. Like a wave before reaching the end, a dream that can never become reality!” wave and etero “drein!” drein “your only endless dream has arrived! He walked up to wave. Etero felt anger rush through him. Etero “get any closer and you'll be rocking with the sands!” drein “ahh yes, the fabled hero must protect his princess but tell me, can you save her when you can't even save yourself?” etero “i'm saved in my every move, in their hopes. Nothing can save you.” drein chuckled. Drein “ hopes, existence, their meaningless and don't exist.”

wave “don't worry about me etero, i've got this one!” wave took out her swito and played it as she fell back. Waves of energy flew at drein. Drein waved his hand as the waves splashed away. Drein held his hands out towards etero and wave. He closed his eyes. The water flew through him as two transparent spheres with big blue eyes appeared above wave and eteros head. Etero “damn. I can't move. Like I'm in a dream.” drein “were you ever awake? you can't beat dream power!”

he caressed waves face. Wave tried to attack him. Drein “you are most stunning when you are caught off guard, like an exposed fish at the surface, a revelation of your humble innocent core, like sinking in shadows, desperately trying to escape but it swallows you deeper, watching the last bit of light fade away.” you are the chosen one after all!” wave “the chosen one to end you!” drein “heh. That's just an act. How is it to be back home? Surely you can't deny your brothers and sisters. The phasers.”

wave “i'm not a phaser. Im a seian!” drein laughed. Drein “you can be right there yet your true dream is floating far away. Willows works said that saphel came from the dream ocean. She then bore three children from mophing dna of the virtars, the futuristic race of the stars and her dream. One of them was you!” etero “don't listen to him! You know!” Wave looked down. She felt a little truth to it. Wave “even if I am just a dream, how can I be here?” Drein “don't you wonder why you have many dreams?

We're not always meeting for no reason.” wave “the only reason is to make your head a souvenir, although reasons are just reasonless perceived explanations of what just is.” drein “hmm. Like this story, our coincidental connection, there is someone or thing pulling us here, trying to tell us something right?” wave felt weak and fell for his charm. He went to kiss her. A flash of energy flew by drein. Drein phased out. Reams threw his gun into the air and caught it as he spun around.

Reams “you can't out dream a dreamer.” mazee merla rolled her eyes. Mazee merla “do you have to be a super dramatic cliché cool boy every time?!” reams “hmm. Oh yea!” mazee merla sighed. Drein “ahh yes, the plot ripples deeper. The waves are coming back to where they began!” cloudera “where is he!?” drein “follow the reflection” they saw a figure of him move to the two spirals of water. Bogs “you know, you have been in a drought lately. I'm getting tired of waiting for the old wave to get back.”

wave smirked. Bogs helped her up. Wave “i've always been here, hidden inside each wave. Let's obliterate drein and stop this all!” etero “time to rock down the hill!” reams “the dream boat is leaving!” they all ran into the middle of the city. Mazee merla “i guess the final moment has arrived. Why can't we just do it?” cloudora giggled. Cloudora “it's just so much more fun when you make it seem bigger than it is.” they saw drein appear in front of the spiral of water.

Wave “ drein!” reams “I don't associate with girl takers.” drein laughed. Drein “i never took anything, only gave a new possibility. Like these two spirals of seians dreamers.” wave “seian dreamers?” drein “they spiral in dreams endlessly, awaiting for the other spiral to be awakened, so they can dream another delana.” waves eyes lit up. Wave “wait. So that means.” drein “heh heh. You really are a catalyst of beauty. The delana you came from is their dream. That is just one of infinite others around the universes.” wave looked down. Wave “no. all of those moments in delana never existed?!

I won't believe you! All of those memories lay in my soul!” Drein “Tell me, where does that soul come from?” Wave flinched. Drein “That soul is just a vessel of dreams. It may feel real but the experience wasn't.” Mazee merla “you can't deny the reality of a soul. It flows through everything, denying ourselves is like denying dreams as well” drein “did you ever deny at all? that everything was a mirage of what really is. A real dream.” reams wave his hand in anger. Reams “get back to reality!

Are you listening to him wave?! How could you be a dream when you are connected to us?! We didn't sacrifice and go through the highest mountains just for nothing!” Etero “Something is up. I've never seen reams like this!” drein “heh heh. Was it connected or make pretend? Just because something connects, doesn't make it true. A connection of none. Look into the spiral wave.” reams “wave don't. For me.” wave “its cool reams. I know what really is.” she looked into the spiral. Suddenly everyone was in the delana of her past.

Wave “ahh yea. This was when I was a little girl. I was playing with my mother and father. Drein “those are not your parents.” wave swiped her hand in rage. Wave “you can't tell me they aren't my family! They've always been around!” drein “were they? Do you remember their names?” wave hesitated. Wave “it doesn't matter! I feel them in my heart. Wait. Why don't I know that?” drein “they don't even look like you. Etero “enough of this trickery you rejected magician!”

cloudora “Genetics are a fallacy. Like the first being, it had nothing to replicate before it yet it had everything as the future is already in you!” mazee merla “someone has to be the bad seed, something else beyond the traits.” Drein “Your parents were illusions, being infused by the dna of saphel. Everything isn't just what we see, it's reflections of other people and times.” reams “the souline. A transparent line that connects to us all. Some kind of error, some emotional reattachment of a spirit restless.”

cloudora “a past or future part of yourself, trying to tell you something, rebirthing through you.” wave shook her head. Wave “even so, who they are is what I know inside.” This is after the only remaining soldier rescued me after you went insane and released saphel. Drein “haha. I wonder who that soldier was?” wave “it was someone important to me.” drein “haha. Too important. Why don't you ask him yourself? He's right there. Aren't you spash?!” wave “huh?!” She looked at reams. Reams looked at if he was a ghost in stone.

Reams looked down. Reams “it's me. Everyone gasped. Wave stared in shock. Wave “spash?! Brother!?” reams “after fighting drein, I picked up neros helmet and sword in honor of him. I made it out alive as I rescued you and killed him.” wave was speechless. Wave “are you really my brother?!” reams let his hair and showed his scar over his left eye. Bogs talked in a hyper tone. Bogs “what a dramatic deepening family dysfunction.” wave “spash. Why? Why didn't you tell me!?”

spash “because I felt ashamed! I never completed my drifter training and I let you out of my sight. I had to hide away and live a life of solitude.” etero yelled. Etero “i was starting to like you too! She's your sister damn it!” wave ran to ocelen in slow motion. A tear fell down that rippled soulful memorial release on the floor. She flung her arms around him. Wave “ocelen! My brother. You really did protect me all the time like you promised!” reams let her off. spash “no. I don't deserve you! Instead of protecting you, I was selfish and fought drein.” wave “that's okay. You were protecting me by doing that!” etero “wait. If you are her sister then.” everyone gagged.

Cloudora jumped up and down. Cloudora “now that's some love!” bogs “yea, that's true family bonding of insanity!” Wave “I mean you are my brother but why?” spash “heh. Don't get so over dramatic. We're all one strange family in the end. The only difference is the situation and blood. A stranger becomes family and family becomes a stranger.” etero “okay sister rocker!” spash “aren't we all?” melody and etero looked at another. Melody shook her head. Melody “that's not an option.”

etero “What?! I never thought of it! I already can't stand your melody.” melody smirked. Melody “I need it to block out your annoyance.” they smiled at another. spash “look.” they looked at the spiral. It turned it into a dark grey cave. A young ocelen and wave were walking through it. It had purple glowing stones with sleeping kids, imagining oceans with music notes around them. They went into the main room. There was a large triangular crystal stone with music notes on it. two crystal mirrors were on both sides of it. One with an angel behind one and a demon woman behind the other.

Mysterious genuine woman voice “is this what we've been hearing all along?” Spash and waves eyes lit up. spash “dissena. Could this be?” dissena looked at spash with lovely grace and destiny. She has long black hair with bangs over her poetic brown eyes. She wore a black dress with two musical note blades in a cross over her chest. He had one black arm warmers with note shaped black and white gems on the ends.

Dissena “can't you hear the cries melody?” spash “i can't over your spazzing harmony.” dissena smirked. Dissena “you lucky im your girl.” spash “am I?” wave “yes you are and you are lucky I am your sister.” spash shrugged. Wave “this is so mystical. I feel so excited and shocked up. Like I'm experiencing a past moment of lovely dreams.” dissena “that is your soul dancing to the music of all life.” the palace began shaking. spash “yea, well be singing dead songs soon”

dissena looked at the crystal. Dissena “melody of the first and last note, sing with me!” she began singing as she spun around, slashing musical waves with her black and white note shaped blades. The crystal emitted a glowing light as the music notes glimmered. A light flowed through each one, making a shape of a little girl below and a little boy above, touching a note in the middle. A light flashed. A floating spirit of music notes appeared. spash “Walking music? It doesn't get more weird than that!”

spirit “greetings my beloved souls. It is I, Echyne divine, the goddess of harmony. You must be dissena, the goddess of dissonance. Everyone's eyes lit up. Dissena “I know I'm a goddess. She looked ocelen with confidence. Spash smirked. Dissena “but of dissonance?” spash “that explains your chaotic up roars.” dissena “don't make me sing it again!” echyne divine “i heard your dissonance of oncoming destruction.” dissena “this world has been robbed of all of its life force and soon will fall.”

echyne divine “i knew as much. Like waves crushing lands and suns burning out, these things are a balance in nature. Still there is always a way to save it for sometime. Now the only way to replenish the life force is a huge divide, a transformation of melodic life and love. Someone to take the place of the pain and agony of the world.” dissena “i'll do it!” spash spazzed out. spash “now you annoy me but that's too much.” dissena “spash, I will be okay. As long as I have this right?”

she showed him a blue crystal with wings on it. spash “tch. You can't. Who will annoy me?!” dissena “wave. Why shouldn't I?! All I have is you and I want to see you live on for me! spash “dissena.” wave “no!” she ran and hugged dissena. Wave dropped a tear. Wave “you are my only sister I never had” Dissena “its okay wave. I'm not going anywhere, just becoming the music” echyne divine “now to perform the transference, there must be another melic to take your soul.”

dissena “damn.” echyne divine floated to wave. Echyne divine “this one.” dissena and spash “what?!” echyne divine “she is indeed one of the last remaining melics.” ocelen “no way. So that's why she could sing so well.” wave “i'm a melic? no. I won't go through with this!” spash walked to her. spash “i know it hurts but if we don't, we will all die. Don't you want to see mother and father again?” wave looked down. Wave “fine brother!” ocelen patted her head. spash “there's a reason why you are my sister!”

echyne divine nodded. Wave walked next to dissena. The mirrors shined a bright light onto dissena and wave. The stones notes lit up, playing a melody. dissena “i'm honored I could be your sister and your girl.” she smirked. spash and wave “dissena!” dissena and wave screamed in pain. Their spirit floated above them and became one. Wave “i feel like i'm being ripped apart!” The spirit flew into wave. Wave fell down cold. Spash “wave!” he ran to her and picked her up. Ocelen “sister! You are not gone! As long as your soul is here, you are here!”

spash “I couldn't protect you or dissena because dissena is inside you!” He slammed his sword into the ground. Wave froze in shock and empathy. Wave “inside me? She held her necklace. Wave “spash. I'm still here and you did protect me.” ocelen “that necklace belonged to her. You were so alike but now she's just a ghost, drifting in between memories and dreams.” Etero “so that's why.” spash “don't think it is something I want. I've been looking for a way to bring her back but I remain at square none” Melody “so you are a melic. I knew it when we first met!” etero “how?” melody “her ability to sing with me. Only melics can sing that graceful and powerful.

There might be a way to seperate them. spash eyes lit up. spash “Really?” melody “if the soul is in someone that's alive then so are they. Music flows through everything and time. If you can make the body reflect dissena, she might reflect back into this world.” spash “I'll do it!” drein “heh heh. Desperately clinging onto what is gone. That sounds like it's dead on arrival.” spash “you are dead before you even were born!” drein “speaking of born. There's someone else here.”

he looked at waves belly. Wave looked down at her belly. Wave “what?” drein “doesn't something feel different?” wave chuckled. Wave “I'm too fast to get pregnant.” drein “apparently not. You are carrying the baby of saphel, the one that will bring our dream to reality! Hahahaha!” everyone gasped.
Wave waved her hand in anger. Wave “no! This isn't true!” etero yelled. Etero “we never did it yet!” blogs pretended to cut his throat. Melody “now big bro, that's not the right time.” cloudora “wait. The father must be!'' Everyone looked at ocelen. Spash smirked and blushed. spash “now that's just silly. It's like having clones. That's not happening.” drein “oh there are ways of getting impregnated other than sex or another. Take birthmosis. A process where saphel and the eukaryotic cell morphs its memory of two beings into wave or a host. what one births, births inside the host and all.”

mazee merla “the ecuotic cell!? The supposed water cell that began life.” drein “yes. It is the source of life and dreams but it's not just where it began but where it ends. What wave “I'm carrying a baby, and its saphel?! spash “Don't believe him!” etero “Even if you are, it's just a baby and we have time!” drein “time. your feeble attempt of keeping track of what just always was. If it's always moving then nothing ever happens.” melody “everything is an infinite timeless time. If you are everything and time then there was none, only one instantaneous moment that was beyond. Like how a song can take you through time.”

mazee merla “the time of no time, like how you can experience so many moments in dreams but only be a few minutes in reality. An eternal now, flowing and not as one. Now is always ahead of itself.” cloudora “everything we do and will do already happened, yet it didn't, only a reflection of something that never moved, yet it did.” etero “time or not, we're still here. All of our moments, our feelings, are they for nothing? Never!” drein “the cell becomes the seed that reflects the soul.” Wave “what are you babbling about now?!” he phased out towards the edge of the city.

Etero “let's finish him for good wave.” wave stared with a numb face. Spash “wave?” wave “stay away. This is my dream, our dream” she walked forward in a paralyzed state. Etero “what's with her?” spash “everything that has happened at once. Its so much for her to take.” etero “that's nothing! Lets go!” they ran after her. wave was standing at the edge of her dreams, herself. In the distant spaceline was two tall black buildings with a blue sphere floating above one and a green sphere floating above the other one. Mysterious voice “isn't it ironic that we spend our life dying for a dream, letting our reality wither away? As if they were in a dream” wave “aspor!?”

aspor phased in front of everyone. Aspor “hahaha! Oh how life is a tricky little mother of the most brutal entwined essence, yet so weak in possession and vanity. Like how the dreamers are all together again!” wave “the coincidence is just the beginning of what never was entwined, just seemingly connected!” ocelen “Only a fool abides to similarities!” aspor “didn't they reveal so much? You'll see that we're more alike than what you think is similar. The more opposite we are, the more familiar we are.”

voice “no matter how much you hold onto something, it perishes but the dream lives forever” etero “Drein! Stop dreaming!” spash “Even if it's forever, it's meaningless without reality” aspor “how do you know you are real?” spash “I am awake and my eyes are open” Drein “heh heh. Are you awake or is that another dream with your eyes opened?” drein “open eyes is an opened dream but you still lay asleep inside. When you close your eyes, you are truly free and awake. That is when you see what is, beyond material and limitations”

aspor “see this green sphere? This is your world, emora. Drein “this sphere is our world, the dream world, phasya. What would happen if a large wave came from phasya into emora?” a holographic wave rushed from phasya into emora. aspor “it would ripple a huge force of dreams and soul, echoing a large amount of energy and life back into our world, the dream power” Drein “yes, the power of manifesting dreams into reality. There everyone's dream of emora would change into our dream, an eternal peace under my rule. Isn't that what we all want?” emora divided as phasya closed, emitting waves with open eyes. wave “no! You can't take everyone's dreams away. They belong only to us, to our heart!” etero “that would just be a false dream! I won't let you destroy my world, my dream!”

drein and aspor laughed. Aspor “you always knew this would happen didn't you wave?” wave looked down. Drein “That's right. The queen of intuition, master of inner knowing.” aspor “ what is awakening? “you see this woman? A woman was sitting next to a man. She was holding his hand. She wore a blue dress with short blue curly hair and blue lipstick. She is sleeping yet she is awake in her dreaming. If everything else around her, connected to her is aware, then so is she. It is another state of dreaming. The physical state. Now what happens when someone dreaming dreams about her.

A man sleeping on a bed appeared over her. A wave shot out from his mind towards the woman. as the wave of words and images of them together got bigger, it got bigger inside her. She slowly became aroused. Aspor “she thinks it's not real so she tries to reject it but somewhere she knows there's no difference. What is connected to her becomes every part of her. The irresistible chemistry and gravity of others desires, thoughts and emotions coming together. The danger, the suspense. Knowing it is bad yet letting it come in and out.” She exploded with waves inside her as she relieved herself. Man “are you okay?”

she blushed and pretended that it never happened. Woman “better than ever!” she looked away with a stunned and mischievous look.” aspor “our grandest pleasure and moments come from doing the baddest things. It's when the biggest risk sparks the best reward. Our biggest strength and weakness” drein “see? This is no different from her physical body dying or being born. It showed her spirit ripple like a wave into another new life that waved. Drein “now, when we die, we don't just awaken a new life, it can be a new world, a new idea, a new dream, yet it was always awake, just waiting for that moment to move”

Drein “awakening is just another constructed dream of another awakened dream. Drein “awaken the dream, dream the awakening, it is always entwined. The only difference is physical limitations.” Cloudora sighed. Cloudora “so you can be awake in the clouds and asleep with eyes open.” Drein “Intuition is simply the ripple of another inside coming outside. What ripples, ripples inside you. It's like two shorelines, awaiting another's wave to meet that are one.” bogs “so this is just a physical dream? How do we really know what is real?” spash “come on guys. Awake or asleep, we're still here and free! That's reality cause even if you could prove it, you still wouldn't know!”

Drein “who gave you those dreams? Melody “I don't know but it doesn't matter as we gave it dreams too! Even if you take them, they will still be ours! Like the melody it plays, no one can change it!” Apsor “if only they knew. No matter. We will show you that you were all just a dead dream that never came alive!” mysterious beings fell down around them.

Wave “dremels!” one wrapped its amoeba tentacles around a seiana head. The seian became a dremel. Aspor “yes! The dream never ends!” Bogs “aren't we glad we went through that wormhole!” wave yelled. Wave “no! Even though they are in a dream, they are still my brothers and sisters! I won't let you take any more dreams!” spash yelled in anger and passion. spash “this is it! the moment you decide if you will let your dream die or keep it alive! If you will lay down and suffocate in regret or swim up and let it propel what was!”

cloudora “my dreams still reside inside me. My vision for a new world, peace, batra, they float forever inside and beyond!” mazee merla “for my people and our world!” wave began slashing waves at drein as she slid towards him. They slid from building to building, dodging each other's slashes. Drein shot phasy blue bullets from his phase sword into the sky. drein “heh. Bang goes the past again! Do you hear that? That's the sound of history repeating!” drein slashed around and over wave as she blocked them. Drein reflected three other dreins around wave. Drein “you are still lost on my first one!”

wave chuckled. Wave “that's where i'm found!” as she blocked his slashes, blue circular spheres echoed. spash “ready for the dream you never knew!?” he shot at aspor as he dashed towards aspor. Aspor blocked the bullets with his hand that emitted a blue circular reflection. Aspor “just dead hopes in the wind!” Drein struck her from behind as the bullets flew into her. He took her with his sword as they fell into the ground. Wave “pull it, my wave will drown you!” Drein “i'm already down under! You pulled it yourself” drein pulled the trigger into her. The ground exploded. Drein put his hand onto her face. Water began filling through her. Drein “heh heh. Soon you will become my dream!” Wave “I'm so much more me though.” Etero “wave!? Take care of aspor!” bogs “sure thing. It's not a problem!” He rolled his eyes. Etero “time to shake things up!”

etero ran towards drein as he slammed fiery boulders and slashed flame waves at him. Drein slashed threw them and dashed towards etero. Etero punched his face with his burning fist. Etero “where are you going? Etero front flipped as he came crushing down into drein. Etero “that's for hitting wave!” drein “heh heh. Aren't you cute!?” Ocelen “hey, that's my job!” he slashed a dremel as he had his back on mazee merla. mazee merla “guess you were fired!” she swung her fin under a dremel and slashed its head.

spash “looks like i'm stuck with miss random tides!” he shot a dremel behind his back as mazee slashed one behind her back. Mazee merla “don't push it, mister masker man!” spash “always keep another guessing!” he ran off. Mazee merla “why do I hate you yet don't mind you?” Etero roared in rage. He slammed down again as drein appeared behind him. Drein lifted him up by the neck. Etero slashed his sword at him. Drein waved his arm as a wall of blue energy appeared around him. Drein “time for a raise!” etero “and with my unbreakable ground!” a bullet almost hit drein as he let etero go.

spash “I did it not just for you.” etero smirked. Etero “likewise sister lover.” spash smirked. spash “you won't let that die ehh?” etero “Not a chance!” drein “my old brother and war buddy. Just like old times ehh?” he shot phasy bullets at spash. spash “the only thing that is the same is your lost heart!” Spash slashed the bullets as he shot back at him. Cloudora was waving her wand as she casted electrical clouds that shot bogs shaped bullets towards aspor. Cloudora “it seems you need a jolt!”

bogs threw electrical pages in shapes of poker chips and cloudora. He flew on her cat shaped cloud. He jumped onto a large book that flew down towards aspor. It rained countless cat claws and coins. Bogs “time to gamble it all away! The only way!” as the book crushed onto aspor, he became an amoeba that bounced bogs back into the sky. Bogs “any day now puffy toughy!” Cloudoras cloud caught him. Melody danced around as she slashed her swords that echoed musical energy at aspor.

She sang a graceful melody that rattles the building windows. Bogs “i can't imagine how she is mad. That voice can make a demon cry!” Aspor spreaded out his hands as a circular wave emitted through everyone. Everyone had a sphere around them. Mazee merla “i cant move!” aspor “surrender to your true fate, the dream! It seems you are lost in your own world. Now come and watch your reality fall!” he moved his arms around and then pushed his hands together. A wave began growing behind him in the distance.

Bogs “that's a wave I am not waving back at” spash and drein slashed at another as they jumped onto a building. Drein “you can't forget what happened. How you left her to rot!” spash screamed in anger. He rushed towards drein. He viciously slashed up and down as he spun slashed drein. Drein fell over the edge. Drein “would you kill your own brother?” spash pointed his gun at him. spash “not killing, saving!” he shot at drein. Drein dodged it. Drein shot up at spash. spash evaded it.

spash slashed at drein as he caught it. He threw him down over the edge. spash slashed at drein as drein slashed as ocelen. They both jumped up onto the platform. spash “I'll show you something beyond your imagination!” Spash uppercutted Drein into the air. He shot up at him and then dashed and slashed through him countless times. As drein stuck his gun in to his holster, a bullet hit drein. As he put his sword into his sheath, another bullet hit drein. He pointed over his shoulder to drein as the bullet exploded inside drein.

spash “you always said, you were just a dream. that's for you wave.” wave smiled. Etero growled. Drein breathed heavily. Drein “Heh. As long as you dream, I will live!” he died. Spash “You are always dead to me!” wave “drein!” she ran to him. spash “wave. Even if he is our brother, he isn't our real one” wave “you are right” She nodded at him. Wave “nice knowing you brother!” aspor morphed into water and came up with an uppercut to mazee merla. He shot spheres bullets into her as he jumped up and slammed his arms together into her splashing water everywhere as they fell to the ground.

Aspor “the poor little fish goes splash!” mazee merla “ugh. I'll splash you so hard, you won't hear any noise at all!” aspor “haha. You are so beautiful in your phazy capture!” he lifted her up with his mind. She felt water rushed into her body. Aspor “Feel the suffocation fill you up! You won't ever breathe again!” mazee merla tried to shake her way out. She threw her sword at him. He dodged it. She whipped her tail at him. He stepped on it. Mazee merla coughed. Mazee merla “i'll always breathe myself!

She dropped down. Aspor “nice shot but it's not enough!” spash began shooting at him. Etero came slamming down with his sword onto cloudoras sphere. Wave slashed her swito into bogs sphere. Spash pointed his gun at mazee merla. Mazee merla “what you shoot, shoots back” spash shot at her sphere. Spash “that's what I always liked about you. Always confident and ready to die” he lifted her up. Mazee merla “sometimes i'd rather go than deal with you” spash laughed. Spash “i'm doing something right” mazee merla smirked.

Aspor gathered his hands together. Aspor a blue sphere of energy grew. He lifted his arms up as two blue spheres with eyes appeared. As they opened, blue beams of energy shot at everyone. Aspor “awakening to your end! See your deepest abyss!” bogs was jumping around, dodging the beams. Bogs “this isn't my style!” cloudoras eyes squinted. Cloudora waved her hands and wand out. Cloudora “since you love water so much! Gravnetica!” she waved her arms together as a black ball of energy appeared in front of the eyes.

It gravitated the eyes into one. Everyone looked at another and nodded. Cloudora swung her rod down as the eye fell into aspor. Wave slashed a wave of melody at him. Melody spun around with her blade as it echoed a melodic slash at aspor. Bogs began kicking and scratching aspor countless times as spash shot at him. The sphere exploded into amoeba pieces. Aspor “my awaken begins now!” he fell back. Cloudora “hope you can swim!” bogs “you splashed that up!”

melody “sorry to burst your bubble but look! The wave is still coming!” spash shot at the wave. Mazee merla “even I thought you know better than that. Is shooting all you think about?” spash “usually. Also The occasional slash!” melody “i'll stop it!” etero “what!?” melody “it was nice seeing you again brother. I enjoyed meeting you all! Etero yelled with rage and passion. etero “sister! No! This is too soon!” melody “don't worry brother as my melody will go on, listen for it inside okay?” etero grunted.

She looked at wave. Melody “will you play what I sing?” wave nodded. Melody began singing and dancing. Wave played her guitar to it with a graceful melodic yet fast technical tenacity. Neon notes floated around her as they splashed bright sparks. She jumped and flipped onto each note. Her and wave spun around in a spiral of water. melody swayed her arms around her and bent over. She began failing her arms back as she slowly stood up. they spun around and landed on the ground as melody bowed to etero. Cloudora clapped with awkward tenacity and joy. Cloudora “so sweet, like two angels with a punch!” melody “thanks. It's nothing really.”

etero stared at her in shock. Etero “I know why mom called you melody.” melody giggled. Melody “it wasn't the only reason. She was playing the piano as she went into labor. Somehow she still played it while birthing me. I still hear that song when I sing.” etero “i knew mom could do it all. Mom” wave “a song of pregnancy and supernatural devotion.” melody laughed. Melody “watch over him will you?” Wave nodded with shock and concern.

She shined a light that glowed over everyone's eyes. She became a large gold and silver wall. Etero “Melody!” Etero ran to her but wave stopped him. Etero “Let me go!” wave “no etero! She chose this on her own.” etero “damn it!” cloudora shed a tear. Cloudora “it's okay etero, her love for you will always echo on like waves!” bogs “Speaking of waves! Someone is trying to say hi!” the wave crashed into the wall. Some water particles splashed on to everyone's face. The wall collapsed with the wave as it settled away.

Etero “Sister!” bogs “Listen kid, she wouldn't want you like this. Think of it as her next part, her next dream.” etero “What do you know you little furfool!” bogs “It wasn't me” Etero “bogs?” bogs lifted up his eyes. Etero “Thanks” Bogs laughed in a frisky tone. Bogs “that's what frisky gentlemen do!” etero “sis. I'll make you proud. You'll always be my favorite sister.” mazee merla “hmm. You aren't as hard as I thought you were” Etero “don't let this fool you. I need to be a little vulnerable to give others a chance.” mazee merla shook her head as she laughed.

Mazee merla “you can't hide change. It speaks through the hardest shell.” spash “what about me?!” mazee merla “you? Hmm. Maybe. Nope.” spash “haha. I heard that.” mazee merla walked away. Everyone walked away. Wave “everyone comes and goes like waves, never staying, always going, what's the point of living if it just floats away?” etero “wave. I just lost my sister after seeing her for years. Don't you think I know how it feels? How something can be taken away from you in no time. It seems unreal but I've realized that without things ending, they could never begin, never be free.


If you are always holding onto a ledge, you can never fly away to know what was.” wave spoke with deep conviction and depressed openness. a side he never saw of her. One she never saw of herself. Wave “i don't believe it! Just going through life, just to lose everything you hold dear! I've always tried to play cool but I was always hurting inside. Like oceans drowning me from within. I didn't want anyone to come down with me but I see that I did. Please let me breathe again. I don't want to be depressed anymore! I'm too sad!

Etero “wave. You don't have to be! Remember how you were before having anyone! Life isn't just about others. Spash “i'm still here sis and forever is overrated! Where's the woman I know that laughs at feelings?!” Wave “for how long!? i won't do it anymore! She glowed bright energy around her as she turned into her other form. Etero “she's back!” cloudora “she?!” bogs “waves super powerful form. She transformed into it when we saw saphel!” wave floated in the air, eyes burning with cold waves. She began crying rivers that began filling up delana.

Rain was falling as it blurred out the neon lights. Mazee merla “if we don't go, we'll be drowning in sorrow!” everyone but etero and spash floated away. Spash “wave! Listen to your brother!” wave screamed in agony. Wave “no! I can't lose anyone again! Drown away with me forever!” she slashed her swito as two large blue waves flew at etero and Spash. They blocked them. Etero “wave!” wave waved with anger at etero. Etero nodded as he waved. they floated away in rivers. Spash “here comes the edge. Goodbye delana, it was a grand dream!” etero “See you next time in the next wave” they flew off phala into space.

Wave threw her swito into the air as it shot blue waves down. She waved her hands together as The waves around phala came crashing into it. She floated up and caught her swito. Wave “time to crash this party for good!” She came down into delana as it emitted a shockwave. phala began evaporating. Etero “wave “you were the same as me! Emotionless! Dead inside! You were the only one who knew!” Something caught everyone. It was a large silver and black triangular shaped metal ship with two green fuses that glowed lunar crescent and solar wings. In between was a celestial bridge with a universe under it.

Spash and etero laid next to another. Spash “sis.” Etero “wave.” spash put his arm on eteros shoulder. Spash “this is just what woman go through.” etero paused in disbelief. He threw spash across the platform. Spash “hey, we all go through it.” etero yelled. Etero “it's more than that spash! Everything isn't a piece of rotten rainbow that we just get over!” spash “pssh. Dont tell me what I already know. It's just easier to look at it like that” bogs “this must be!” they heard a mysterious sultry laugh. Mysterious voice “funny thing about science is, it's always on time!” everyone “sciney serene!” she giggled. Sciney serene “i don't deserve such praise. Oh well maybe I do. I save you after all.” etero “you can't save what doesn't need saving” spash “seems we saved you as as well” sciney serene giggled. Sciney serene “You just gave me more science power!” spash “you can't calculate fate” sciney serene “maybe but I can experiment with it! How do you know it was meant to be anyway? “she laughed maniacally. bogs “is that all you care about?”

sciney serene “i care about all things that science encompasses. Are these things all you care about?” cloudora wiggled in anger. Cloudora “we are not things. There is a difference between items and beings!” mazee merla “this one doesn't see the same!” spash “i can't imagine how you see it. Ohh. That.” it was saphel. Etero and spash “saphel!” sciney serene “ohh dear, that's a grand specimen I must get!” bogs “not like I have anything better to do!?” cloudora “don't you jiggle nicely!”

saphel had pink and blue flower eyes with hair rivers flowing into her tentacle arms and legs that had leaves on them. there was a young woman in a blue skirt in her core. She was drowning in water. Etero “wave?! Ahh!” he kept creating fire boulders and smashing them into saphel. Spash began shooting her as bogs threw his electrical pages at her. Sciney serene shot at saphel with her silver crescent shaped gun with tubes of green and blue chemicals. They exploded into clouds of chemicals as they hit saphel.

Mazee merla “i had to be a water woman huh? I'll give you support!” spash “More like distraction. I'd rather you do nothing!” mazee merla “heh heh. I will show you how dangerous nothing is!” spash gulped. Saphel swayed her tentacles across the ship. Everyone ducked. She came back. Everyone jumped over them. Saphels eyes glowed light as they shot out bee stingers into the air. They came rushing down towards everyone. Sciney serene hit a button on her watch. A force field appears.

Bogs “Oh that would've been nicer before!” sciney serene “there are times for things. What's life without a little experimentation?!” bogs “I thought I was bad with gambling.” cloudora waved her wand in a cyclone as a cyclone appeared. She looked at bogs. Bogs shrugged. Bogs “time to fly!” he jumped on the cyclone as it flew into saphel. Breezes with little happy faces flew through saphel as they sparked electrical clouds. Bogs span around kicking and punching saphel.

Bogs “going in circles are we?!” cloudora spun around as she fell to her knees waving her rod. The winds engulfed the whole space. Spash “hold on. That time is here!” etero “why are women like hurricanes?” mazee merla “because of you!” sciney serene “actually, it's because we are a space, the beginning and end, spiraling through time. it's scientific!” Everyone rolled their eyes. Mazee merla “of course it is but even science can't answer everything!” sciney serene “it can answer this!”

she touched her gun. It transformed into a large mechanical gun with two green blasters. Saphel raised her teneticles together. Blue Bladed leaves flew towards everyone. Everyone was fighting them off. Bogs “fall came way too soon” saphel crashed onto everyone. They were in a pool of water. Mazee merla “I retract what I said earlier” spash “don't mind us.” mazee merla “i won't.” the young woman became a large mouth and her eyes became crosses.

They began to feel pulled in. etero “We have to pull ourselves out of here!” spash “Good one!” Sciney serene “hehehe! Behold technology and beauty!” etero “Beauty? That has no.” mazee merla “let her enjoy her deranged moment.” sciney serene shot her gun as two green dragon shaped beams flew into the woman. It exploded into two towers of energy. Saphel became an amoeba that fell into the ocean. Everyone coughed and gasped for air. Bogs “What a nice midnight swim ehh?”

Etero “She wraps the blanket of tears around her innocent ocean. Sleeping awake as she waves on the bed of eternal pieces of dreams shining from her ocean window, glowing into dark apprations in the singing moon, trying to focus but the blur sinks in again, she can't hear the different notes of shapes, forever awaiting for the sandy line of reality and dreams, where I will be waiting for her, in every form and life” etero fell off the ship. Bogs “seems he's still swimming on air!” cloudora jumped up. Cloudora “aren't you going to get him!?” sciney serene shook her phased out eyes. Sciney serene “it's too late. Besides, he shouldn't be so close to the edge of ironic events” spash “you should've had a force field miss almighty perfect science freak”

                                                                 Chapter eleven

The woman of wave's past dream slowly awoke. Blurry lights of a dark city at night altered into clarity. She was in front of a large blue statue of a toned man holding a sphere with wings on it. Mysterious sensual charming voice “our eternal dream, forever moving with the stars, no matter how far, they meet in between, where they shine to the surface of reality, just like your eyes of dreams, swaying waves of familiar chilling wonder coming and going with the city lights, yet so real.”

the woman pretended to be unphased. That young man in a black and white magicians suit from her past dream walked out from behind the statue. The woman chuckled. Woman “you'll never know if I ever came at all. That was just another depth.” the man laughed nonchalantly. Man “if you never came then you did not no? What is the depth that reaches the surface.” woman “sometimes I think it never does. There's this guy that no one can figure out, it kills me but something about him makes me want to break through.

Now it seems like it's too late.” she looked to see that man from that other dream at the edge of the stairs. A woman in a blue skirt with one leg stocking showed a tattoo of a red fish with wings. She had curly wavy red hair and approached him. Sultry promiscuous woman “what an interesting man we have here. Stronger than the hardest building, yet open to infinite possibilities, like a rock of the realest warmth, shining brighter than the city lights, burning my eyes but I don't mind.” the man laughed. Man “watch out, I might burn you for good.” the woman purred. Woman “well that will set you off huh?”

man “every step you do is like a thousand flame waves, each one slowly catching up to another, burning mysterious smoke of memorial rebirth, yet even when It clears, i'm still on fire.” the woman blushed and giggled. She began dancing with him. Man “you are nice but there's this woman. She's high then low, here and there, you never know yet, it fascinates me, rattles my stability.” Woman “hmm. It is your desire to burn your high and low pains and passions, it compliments your steadiness but let me burn away your usual.”

He saw the woman and tried to make it to her. The man held her hand. Man “It's from you trying to find yourself, to escape what suffocates you but I'll give you the breath from within.” he breathed sensual breath onto her lips. The woman looked at the man with a too bad grin as the man kissed her passionately. The man froze in doubt. The woman caressed his face. He looked at the woman in spite and kissed the woman. They all sighed and moaned. The sphere of the statue began flowing red and blue flames as it shot into the sky.

Wave was under water in front of a large statue of drein. Wave “oh my dear brother, where are you? I have what you need. Can you feel my waves? I just want to go home. Let me breathe again!” etero “Wave! No!” he tried to get in between her but she slowly swam past him. Etero “listen to your heart! I'm here okay!? Remember who you are!” wave put her crystal necklace into dreins mind. It flowed water through its body as it began rippling to the surface with wave. Etero “Wave!”

cloudora tapped bogs belly. Bogs “I could go for a bite of your beautiful imagination.” cloudora “no look!” they saw a huge statue erupt from the ocean. Spash “something has risen up” mazee merla “surely it isn't you.” spash smirked. Spash “oh I rise so high, you won't even know.” mazee merla “i don't want to.” bogs “This place is more fun than delana. So many secrets.” sciney serene giggled. Sciney serene “like the moon coming out of its eclipse, revealing it's deeper discovery.”

they flew towards it. The ship landed as everyone jumped off it and ran onto the sandy shoreline. Spash “etero!?” etero “i like you guys but we have something bigger to take down!” spash “that's my best partner in destruction!” wave yelled. Wave “etero! Brother!” wave flipped off the statue. Spash “sis! Something is off with you.” wave “what do you mean? I'm more awake than ever and it's all thanks to you etero!” etero stared at her in wonder and confusion.

She slowly walked to etero. Wave “all of the times you stayed strong for me, all of the moments you caught me when I sank away from reality, you we're always there!” she ran into his arms. Etero “wave. I'll always be your rock that will hold you up so easily!” Wave “oh etero. I now know that even though we lose another, life is still worth living as it still flows on. It's about leaving what you had to come back to yourself!” etero smirked. Etero “that's the wave I know.”

Wave laughed innocently yet cunningly. Wave “before we destroy my.” She looked at spash. Wave “our brother, I need the mirror and sundallion. Etero “huh? Why?” wave “it's a long story but if you give it to me, we can splash drein and saphel away” Spash “I don't know etero.” cloudora “don't do it etero! I sense an irregular frequency about her!” wave smirked. Wave “see beyond the waves and feel what I really am.”

etero “guys, what's the worse that can happen? Not that I don't believe you.” mazee merla “oh I don't know, maybe destroy everything?” etero “were already destroyed.” he handed her the mirror and sundallion. Waves eyes lit up like never before. Wave “i've got it all. Ohh by the way, sorry etero. Sorry bogs. Sorry spash and everyone. Bogs “For what?” wave “this!” she slashed a wave at bogs. Cloudoras waved her rod as a cloud caught it. Everyone's eyes lit up. Bogs “wave? Why?” wave laughed mancially. Wave “you naive fools! You still believed in me after what I did?”

etero “wave! I didn't completely believe but not because of you.” spash “You are just a deeper naive.” mazee merla “the more you understand, the less you do and the only fool is the one who thinks they know everything!” cloudora “ this isn't happening!” bogs “You just raised the ante my old friend!” wave “hehe. I'm not your friend anymore!” she dashed towards bogs. She spun around him playing and slashing waves at him. Bogs despratly jumped and ducked over them.

Bogs shot his electrical arrow shaped pages at her as he kicked and punched her, appearing and disappearing out of a black hole. As he ran into her, she slashed him. Wave “looks like you fell into the wrong hole!” she held him up by the neck. Wave “where's my good old boggy?!” bogs breathe heavily. Bogs “you can't call me that anymore!” wave felt something sharp in her back. Wave let bogs go. She looked to the side. Wave giggled. Wave “i've always waited for you to come at me from behind! My tragic lover!”

wave erupted a blue wave that flew etero back into the ocean. She jumped onto him. Wave slashed down at etero over and over. Etero blocked it with his sword. Wave “show me how much you love me or are you too stoned to do anything!” etero raged inside. Etero “you couldn't handle my love. i'm just waiting for you to come back!” He swung his sword at her as she flew off onto the water. He erupted a bright light as fire waved from him and around them. Wave “ohh, mister fire boy, burning pain inside, covered by his own shell of insecurity, never letting it out”

etero “heh. I knew you wouldn't be able to comprehend it. I always knew who I was, I was just waiting for the right time to burn it all away! No more am I hiding my memorial demise!” wave put her hand over her mouth. Wave “I know why I loved you. I'm going to stay this time.” etero paused. Wave “I'll prove it.” she lifted up her swito. She let it drop. Wave “see?” the flames distinguished. Etero “is it true wave?” etero got pulled underwater. He looked around. He saw wave.

Wave was upside down. She caught the swito. Wave “the fall is just another return!” she swam to her like a graceful fish as she vertically then horizontally slashed etero. He flew onto the shoreline. Cloudora “Etero!” etero struggled to get up. Etero “just moving my unbreakableness!” mazee merla “sure you are” spash shot at her as she swam around in the water. Wave splashed out as she landed in front of spash. Wave “I'm your foreign wave, just waving by!” spash slashed his sword in a circle at her. Wave whipped her head as she dodged it.

Wave “i don't need you anymore brother, if that is what you are.” spash “i was tired of babysitting you. Even if I told you who I was, you still wouldn't know me!” she bent over and kicked towards spashs head. Spash caught it with his sword handle. He pushed it down and slashed at her. She flipped over it and back slashed him counter clockwise. Spash ducked and shot at her. Wave slashed the gun in the air.
Wave “is that anyway to treat your own?” spash “it's the only way my dear former sis!”


spash spun slashed her as she swept him to the ground. She lifted up her swito. Wave “this is for always watching me!” spash caught his gun and pointed it at her. Spash “this is for putting me through hell!” he shot as she slashed down. The bullet hit her swito back. Wave “can you hear it?” bogs “your insane confused rant!?” wave “you should be so lucky!” wave emitted a blue ocean as everyone fell into it. They saw a wave coming at them. Cloudora “that's what she meant!”

bogs spoke in sarcasm. Bogs “really?” wave “let the waves take you away!” as the wave flew through everyone, wave slashed a million times in all directions. She plunged her swito down into the ground. Everyone kept getting hit as she floated there. Wave “feel the aftertaste of sorrow you still can't figure out!” the ocean became the shoreline. Etero “damn you wave!” wave laughed with cunning apathy. She jumped to the top of the statue. Wave “oh brother, it's time for your grand return!” someone walked up to wave. Spash “drein!?'” drein laughed with joyous sinister excitement. Drein “why so surprised? Like a dream, it was if I never left!” etero “it's as if you never came!” wave “oh you are so sexy when you are clever!” wave kissed drein in passion, like she never kissed before. Everyone stood In shock and wonder.

Drein “like a wave of cosmicating dreams that keeps coming back!” “Bogs “now i've seen it all!” spash “Now you can't say anything to me!” etero “okay sister kisser number one!” mazee merla “well we all are one family but this is too much family” wave “did that bother you etero and spash!? Don't worry, you won't have to worry about it much longer!” drein “that's right. Say goodbye to your precious wave!” she threw the three stones into the air. They all circled around another as they made a triangle. The sundallion reflected a light into the mirror as the mirror glowed into the crystal necklace.

Dreins statues' third eye reflected a blue cell above them. Drein “the cell becomes the seed that reflects the soul.” Wave “i'm sorry everyone. This is the only way to save my baby! I'm sick of everyone leaving me. I can't take losing anyone anymore! I won't forget you. You'll always be in my waves, always waving in and out!” etero “wave! No! Stop being so cool!” wave shed a tear. Wave “etero. I'll be missing you like no other!” she stabbed herself with her swito. Everyone yelled her name. Everyone “wave!?”

wave shivered as she barely spoke. Wave “i will be found. I won't fall down.” she waved her hand at etero. etero screamed with rage and love. Etero “wave!” he climbed up the statue so fast. As wave fell down he caught her. Etero “wave.” wave “you. You always came running like you said.” etero “why wave! You didn't have to do this! There is another way!” wave “even if there was, I would've waved away like I always did. You etero. You are the one that made me stayed. Thank you.” etero shook his head.

Etero “no wave. You were the one that broke me free. The one to open up who I was. Like a wave of the softest silk innocence that cleansed away the fear.” wave “etero. Please. I feel it coming for me again! Don't let me go back! I've been suffocating for too long!” etero helped her hard. Etero “I won’t ever let you go!” wave cried. Wave “I'll wave at you again okay?!” etero shed a tear. Etero “wave. I'll look for it!” the jewels shined a light into wave. Her eyes opened up wide as a fetus came out of her belly. Wave “ahh! The pain! It's kinda comforting.”

drein “let the new dream birth into me!” the fetus shined a light into drein as he reflected a light into the cell. It became a seed. It began to rumble and shine a light. It was drein. Drein looked at his hands. Spash ran up the statue. Drein “can It be? Am I finally real?! Not that it matters” etero “wave!? No!” spash “sis!” he dropped a tear. Cloudora “wave!?” everyone ran up the statue. Cloudora and bogs ran to wave. Bogs “wave! We were going to play cards when we got back to delana! No!” he shed a tear. Cloudora “you can't go wave! I wanted to see the real delana! You were one of us!” She began crying with innocence. drein “heh heh. She was hopeless anyway. Maybe now she can rest in peace.”

etero “she's still more alive than you! You are just an illusive hope. Now i'll wait at the shoreline and she won't come back! No more quirky one liners. No more bickering. I won't hear her angelic voice again! I can't even cry because her soul is gone. She was your sister!” drein laughed. Drein “she wasn't to me and that is just another construct. She was just an enemy woman like every other one. The closer you are, the deeper you can hate.” spash “why would you hate her?! You can't deny the connection!” drein “heh. Family isn't blood, it is the connection and that fire never ignited.”

darnella “you bubble head fool! In hopelessness, you find hope as that is when you realize that hope is your path. how can you hopeless if it was just a possibility? Your punishment for this will be severe” drein “hmph. Lost to instinctual emotions, a slave to defined reactions of compassion. No better than a puppet or machine” etero'' I don't let emotions control me, I control it with my heart, my soul!” drein “heh. Do you now? Even if you choose it, it still has to be chosen. choice of no choice, no choice of choice, the only true choice is without choosing.” spash “but even you choose the without choosing.” drein laughed with odd intrigued. Drein “either way it's all irrelevant to what's to come! Are you ready for something beyond your dreams?”

etero “i'm always ready, even when im not!” drein floated up. He channeled his energy into his hands. The water began to sway. He waved his arms away as the sea divided. A huge river went upstream in between the tall waterfalls. Etero roared in passion and love. Etero “no more dream for you!” his sword glowed a bright light as he dashed towards drein. Spash shot at drein. Etero lifted up his sword as drein slashed threw him in an instant. He hit spashs bullet back at him. He appeared in front of spash as he caught the bullet.

Drein “the dream is already done!” drein shot his plasmablade at spash. Spash fell back. spash “my dream is just beginning!” spash slashed around in a circle at drein as he jumped up. Drein teleported after each swing. Drein “i've got bigger miracles to attend to!” he dashed in a transparent blue light up the river. Spash “heh. Hell or high water, you still drown!” etero picked up wave. He laid her at the shoreline. Etero “my dear wave, you came and gone like always but you'll stay inside me forever. Wave on and don't forget to wave.”

spash “sister, my lovely sister, friend and woman. I couldn't protect you in the end but I will protect etero and everyone else. Nothing can stop your waves!” he shed a tear. Bogs “wave. My best friend and one hell of a woman. I will always wait for your return but I know you are already back. He shed a tear. Mazee merla “i'm not cold but I didn't get to know you as much as I wanted to. Still, you were like me. Be the sea like my sisters and say hello to them for me. When I swim, i'll remember you”

darnella “gosh honey, you had to be your dramatic self hmm? You made me feel good about being bad. You were so mysterious yet I knew what you were hiding. She bent over. Darnella “you better come back or else! I'll burn brighter for you.” she hugged bogs. etero “are you ready?” everyone nodded. Etero dove into the river. He crashed on the surface. Spash “well that was a quick dive.” etero “that's how fast I am. Damn.” spash walked onto the water. Darnella “it isn't the substance but it's purpose and reflection.”

mazee merla “It's not just the depth of how deep it goes but how deep it's subtle secrets are in all ways. Are we ever walking on land or is that just a hidden ocean of constructs?” darnella “it is all a miracle, yet that is just normal life we don't understand.” etero “it's like we're swimming on land waves of dreams. Wave.” etero he looked down then up. He spoke to himself. Etero “we're in this dream together okay?” he nodded. Bogs felt a hand on his shoulder. Bogs touched it. Bogs “darnella, when did your hand get so watery?”

bogs slowly turned around. Bogs “wow. you really let it all go” He jumped. Darnella felt rage through her. Darnella “who's on the cooking list!?” they saw the waterfalls turn into little spirits. They had flappy ears with long pointy feet. They had a cloud hover above their heads. Spash “these are my bad spirits huh?” etero “no. maybe the dreamers?” mazee merla “perhaps they are spirits of dreams and this is the pathway between reality and dreams.” bogs “i sometimes wonder how you know so much miss water book.” mazee merla smirked.

Mazee merla “i don't know much, only infinite observation yet, what is connected to the sea is connected to me.” skies and clouds appeared in them. etero “it's like seeing what's in between our dreams and hopes. It's a dream in itself.” cloudora “In between dreams and reality, we all dream and live.'' They arrived at a large blue amoebic royal door. It had two blue spheres in the upper part. One was over a king and the other was over a queen. Their eyes were closed. Spash “Why have a door?” darnella “to keep you out. You can't just have dreams and reality open to another. They would collide and mess it all up like a hurricane of dreaming real insanity!”

spash “no difference from now, only our perception of what's insane and not.” darnella “bombo boom. Just the notion of crazy is insane. The only sanity is your understanding and freedom.” bogs “your understanding is way out there fire squisha” darnella giggled with evil innocence. Darnella “oh boggy woggy, you do understand me!” etero “how the hell do we get in? Dance?” spash “there's a keyhole in the middle.” mazee merla “well what are you waiting for. Aren't you an almighty phaser?”

spash laughed. Spash “one of another phase that felt like it was forever miss sea sky blanket.” mazee merla smirked. Mazee merla “you won't be able to breathe under me.” spash “who needs breathing?” spash lifted up his sword. Spash “dream time!” he thrusted his sword into the keyhole. It ignited a blue light through spash. The king's sword shot a light into her sphere as the queens heart flowed a river into his sphere making a cross shape. The door opened. Etero “how?” mazee merla “you will realize soon.”

Chapter twelve

spash felt a thousand dreams flow through him. As if he just awoke and went to sleep. Spash “hometown, it's been so long yet as if I never met you.” It was a large misty city with large blue spheric buildings and silver blue metal sphere vehicles that flew around. They had two arms and legs with blue bubble eyes on each side. One landed on the bubbled bridge in front of them. Bogs and etero prepared for battle. Spash “No. I sense pure innocence.” mazee merla “so you have innocence after all.” spash cloudora “yep! What senses something, is it!.”

spash smirked. Spash “heh. I can't be guilty of everything. That would leave you with nothing.” mazee merla smirked. Mazee merla “I will always be guilty of innocence but Innocence and sin are one of the same. You are just as much to blame for not doing it then doing it yet you are always both as every moment of you reflects innocence and sin.” Etero “Even if you did it, it's the reaction that determines what happens. there's no better or worse act and guilt, only it.” cloudora “ innocence isn't only what you seemingly didn't do, it's your demeanor, your reflection. The sweetest angel can look innocent but be the most sinful.

Innocence isn't all it's cracked up to be you know? There's so much pressure and you never feel like you risked it all as the biggest consequences can lead to the grandest wonder and dream.” bogs “it shows how much you are willing to do and sacrifice yet that can be for nothing.” Inside we're humans with blue sphere eyes and a spheric third eye. They wore silver and blue pants and there were clouds tattooed on their chest.

Their eyes were closed. They talked as bubbles appeared above their heads. no one heard anything. Etero “ehh? Did you just say that you are a crazy boy that likes me? You got good taste boy” spash “nice try but he said, you are us and we are you, come awaken to your dream my realtoids.” etero charged at him. Etero “who you calling a realtoid!” mazee merla laughed. Mazee merla “i'm sure it's not an insult.” etero “you are lucky you got your dream brother here.”

spash nodded. They got into the creature ship. It jumped into the air and flew through the city. Bogs slowly moved to the older man. He creeped over his shoulder. Bogs “so my dreaming friend, do you think you are real?” cloudora slapped bogs across the room as he ricocheted everywhere as he landed on his feet. Bogs “did you like my magic trick?” Cloudora “you silly cat!” etero chuckled. etero “more like a tumbling fool that got lucky.” bogs “if it happened then there was no luck. It is the greatest way to do it as it was beyond skill! just skill is just our ability of luck.”

etero “weren't you lucky of skill too?” The older man spoke to spash. Spash “ he said, as real as you are. You can dream so much more than what we deem real.” mazee merla “hmm. Maybe it isn't what defines reality but how it connects to you, how you dream it is what makes it real.” spash “in your dreaming of it, it becomes real as it is there.” they arrived at the middle platform. There was a little woman in a white dress with her eyes closed in the middle. Around here was a red and blue sphere that reflected a wave into another in a circle.

In the middle was a large tall silver and blue building. It had silver and blue lines that met blue spheres of dreams. In between the triangular top was a blue circular shaped clock with shiny blue water clock hands. One side was a blue and the other side was red. five spheres in a circle with a red one in the middle went around it. Mysterious deep and quirky voice. “ahh, the day reality found dreams, something books could never tell.” everyone looked around. A tall older man fell from a platform. He wore blue slacks and a brown vest over a white shirt with rolled up brown sleeves. He had a rough beard with bright blue eyes and thick parted medium length brown hair. Spash “and you are?”

the man laughed with sophitication and excitement. Man “if I tell you then you would never know who I really am.” everyone stared at him with confusion and sarcasm. The man laughed. Man “great to see you have a sense of humor and understanding. It is I, uhh, oh yea! willow the explorer, adventure and discovery are what i'm about!. Excuse me. My mind is boggled from all the adventuring.” etero “yea I bet. You must've went through many dark dungeons and booby traps if you know what I mean.” willow laughed deeply as he slowly stopped. bogs “I thought I was the hyper one.” Etero “it's that weird guy aspor was talking about.” willow laughed deeply. Willow “to know weird is to be weird.

Yea he sounds familiar but there's so many names out there. See those spheres on that clock?” That is the sphere clock of dreams and reality. The blue spheres are the times of dreams and the red sphere is the time of reality. When the blue spheres awake, they will become real and what's real will become a dream.” spash “so even reality goes back to sleep.” willow put out his hands and lowered one. Willow “sleeping reality, real sleep, all the same in the end, still, they need to change for balance.”

mazee merla “so we've been asleep in our real world as well?” willow “i wouldn't say that exactly but what is sleep? Is it dreaming or just another kind of illusive reality? Heh heh.” He rubbed his beard and squinted his eyes.” cloudora “why is he fondling his beard?” bogs “all out there wizards and big brainiacs do it. He's channeling knowledge and thoughts.” cloudora “how? I don't see any knowledge coming into him.” bogs laughed. Bogs “love your innocent youthful bluntness.

Picture his beard hairs like strings. As he rubs them, it rubs others and connects to information and other places and moments. Mazee merla “like reflecting into the mainframe of life.” cloudora “ohh, I just thought they liked to touch their hairs.” everyone laughed. He walked off. Etero “this guy is always on an adventure.” mazee merla “aren't we all?” cloudora “my favorite adventure is from bed to the kitchen. You never know what buggers will come out.” etero “im sure its dangerous.” he rolled his eyes.

They walked into the main city. There were golden bubbles above tall statues of men and women. The woman wore a blue silky cloth around them like a spiral with long blue hair that flowed like a river. The men wore red armor vests and a holster. They had short red hair that burned like a flame. There were blue silky carpet lines above and red ones below on the golden walls. Above it was a large window of blue water falls. In between the carpet lines were paintings of people and dragons. Willow “this is the dreizon, the history of dreams and reality.” cloudora “how could dreams be there?”

willow “even though the dreams were not real in a sense, they made it possible for what was real. Reality begins as a dream or was it one?” cloudora “so it's not just what happens in reality but it's essence.” willow pointed his finger up. Willow “pointo spoosh! Reality or anything is nothing without the wonder of it.” above them was an outline of a cloud around a blue colored world with blue wings. On the other side was black and white tree with apple shaped people with their eyes closed hanging off it. It's roots are connected to the other side of the world. There were cloud bridges that connected them with flying and walking people. etero “wave, wish you were here. You would've loved it.”

as they walked further down the golden cloudy escalator, there were futuristic machines and aliens on the mural. The aliens were dark and short with two big round blue eyes and one eye on the forehead. A blue vine connected them. They were worshipping a large blue sphere with a crown on it. After it was an ocean with the people and dragons again. Etero “so every end is the beginning of another end.” willow “indeed. Life is an eternal dreamy reality, circling around itself, beginning where it ended, do we truly know what was first? Perhaps it all was?”

they made it to a large blue and gold sphereric platform. One side was a wave and the other side was a rock wave. In front of them was a large wall with one side full of clouds and dreamers and the other full of rocks and stone people. Willow walked up to a large hourglass with the top filled with blue sand and the bottom with golden sand. Cloudora “let me guess, the blue is the dream time and the golden is real time?” willow “how you seem so naive and innocent yet are so knowledgeable keeps sparking my beard.” cloudora giggled and looked at bogs in shock. Bogs “Watch out, he might hurt you with big words!” cloudora poked bogs.

Willow “like how time runs out in the real world, it also runs out here in the dream world.” cloudora “what happens when it ends?” the hourglass flipped. the platform shook as it fell down slowly. Willow “just like this, it disappears into darkness.” mazee merla laughed. Mazee merla “you don't have to be so horrific about it. We're always in darkness, the only difference is we see what's seemingly in it. Many spend their life following the light, trying to justify their sins, when all they were doing was sinking deeper into oblivion. How pitiful.” spash “we're you born with negative blunt dna or do you enjoy being a gloomy beauty of darkness?”

mazee merla chuckled. Mazee merla “oh I enjoy it but it sparked a positive reaction no?” She smirked. Mazee merla “it's more of a darker sense of love and view. That it's not darkness that we should be afraid of but our misconception of it. someone needs to spook up your chirpy chirpy whip.” spash “alright miss serious furious.” they smirked at another. The platform made it to the bottom of the floor.
They walked through a dark labyrinth. They made it to a large circular room.

There we're dreamers with their eyes closed, floating on a cloudy bed. Everyone's eyes lit up. Etero “so this is where dreams come from.” willow “well yes and no. this is where dreams are formed from the real world and the dream source.” cloudoras eyes bulged out. Cloudora “the source of dreams?” willow “an unknown place where dreams begin and end. Coincidentally the place of reality as well.” cloudora “Reality is dreams?” willow chuckled. Willow “well where did the dream come from? Cloudora “some old sage man!” willow laughed. Willow “in a way yes as what we dream is what has already been alive, just not in the real world.

Willow “see this?” he showed a young girl in white sleeping on a cloud and a young boy awake floating side by side. Above the girl was a blue sphere and above the boy was a red sphere. Behind them was a holographic screen. Willow “the young girl is the goddess of dreams and innocence, drelora. The boy is the god of reality and sin, acttian. From the beginning of time of what we know, the dreamers and the real ones wanted what the other had. So the source separated them and decided who would have their dreams become real and not.” everyone was in awe. Spash “decide? So it was never our choice?” bogs “only you can choose yourself as it is you” Willow “that's right. In a way. Watch this.”

It showed a crystal shaped creature with two large sharp edged ears glowed light into the phasy transparent screen over the dreamers. It showed a woman sleeping. Above her was her flying in the air. A line of light shot through the dreamers mind and into drelora. It shot a blue light into the sphere above her. It shot out millions of blue lights and they flowed like a wave on the screen behind them. In the waves were letters and notes. Willow “the letters and notes are the reflection of the waver, yet it's also everything” cloudora “wow. how ironic that life and everything inside someone is a poetic melody.” willow nodded with excitement.

Willow “like how words are black resembling space, they are the end yet the beginning, going deeper inside in all directions. the words and notes are mixed up but are one. It isn't just what we think it means, it's the infinity beyond it. What's inside and what it connects to” Etero “we just look at the surface of everything, afraid of seeing past our fears of who we are, of our true self.” willow “the dream has to go through between dreams and reality to become real.” mazee merla “so preconception of dreams is like preconception of reality. Are we any different? Just lonely lost comets, desperately looking for a way out, to become something more?

Spash “Are we ever anything more or is it just a way to realize what we've always been? Have we even reached the light of birth?” willow “remember that even pre birth is alive and came from someone or somewhere. How can a dream be if it was never dreamt up by something real? in dreaming of something real, it is real.” etero “So all of our dreams are past and future moments.” mazee merla “so it's not just our emotions and thoughts, it is reflections of our other lives in the dream world.”

willows eyes wiggled. Willow “isn't it great yet terrifying learning so much? What we imagine and create is and will be real. Dreams are always true and here, just some don't make it to the real world yet who says that they aren't real as if you are real then anything you dream must be real right?” they saw themselves in other worlds in the waves. Willow “now for a dream to make it to the real world, it is affected by many things. Fate, time, alignment, angles, but there's something more I can't figure out. The true reason why they become real in the real world.” he put his finger on his chin as he looked down.

Etero “besides your random burps of words cyclone boy, i'd say it's just a dream. Not only has it become real in your reflection of it but it isn't the end.” spash “not bad. Dreams are glorious but that's all they are. He whispered under his breath. Spash “dissena. I'm still dreaming of you for now” willow “the dream is almost to the real world!” a blue tentacle wrapped around the blue light comets and absorbed them. Bogs “it's like robbing a gambling man's fortune right in front of his eyes.”

willow “it's him.” etero “Aspor” willow “you know him?” etero “Heh. Who doesn't. That damn water freak.” willow “i've only heard that he is an anomaly of dreams from the dream core. Since he came here, dreams have been failing to become real at an alarming rate.” spash “he's working with drein to take everyone's dreams away but he could never take what is mine.” mazee merla “he's just a lost dream, blindlessly living other's dreams to fill up his empty existence.”

willow “hmm. Maybe you can find out how to reach him by dreaming.” cloudoras eyes lit up. Cloudora “dreaming?” willow “of course my young cloud floater! Just lay on one of these clouds and you will go into a dream state of your deepest sub consciousness.” cloudora jumped up in joy. She jumped onto a floating cloud bed. The bright crystal creature plugged into her cortex. Willow “be calm and release your deepest desires. Reflect your darkest and lightest thoughts and soul”

cloudora awoke. She looked around in a frenzy. She saw bogs and hugged him. Bogs “I know im a dreamer boy but you've only been asleep for a second.” cloudoras eyes lit up. Cloudora “a second?” willow “time is a construct of reality. It is the measurement of distances of sequences that we're always one and done. Since dreams aren't part of those constructs, it is as if it never happened thus, removing any time.” Mazee merla “so that's why we can have multiple dreams that would be hours long in five minutes.” cloudora “ah ha but wait, if the time in reality is moving then doesn't the dreams move in time too?”

willows eyes lit up. Willow “another clever discovery. There is some truth to this but even time in the real world is just progression of what is already beyond. A physical moment of what never was. A ever moving distance and space of now and never.” cloudora “i saw many good and bad things but when I was alone in clouds, I saw you bogs.” bogs smiled. Bogs “it's a gentlemen thing to do” etero “also a stalker thing to do” bogs smirked at etero “aren't we all stalkers we choose to accept to stalk another?”

etero shook his head. Etero “how are you waves friend” bogs “you just answered that.” mazee merla laid on a cloudy bed. Spash “don't dream about me too much.” mazee merla smirked. Mazee merla “don't worry, this is the time I can be without you finally.” spash chuckled. Spash “you hate to love to be around me.” mazee merla woke up. Mazee merla “i was in a sea with my family and friends when suddenly they all swam away. Then an unknown figure came and lifted me up.”

spash touched her shoulder. Spash “it probably wasn't me but i'm here now.” mazee merla gave him an angry yet caught face. Mazee merla “i will follow this dream till the end. No matter what happens I'll always believe, no, know because I experienced it and is in all” spash “nice dramatic speech. To believe in reality, you have to believe in dreams.” willow raised his arms in excitement. Willow “without belief, reality is more real than anything” Bogs “i guess it's my turn.” cloudora spun around. Cloudora “Dream of me okay?”

bogs “how could I not? It might not be pg 13 though.” he winked. Cloudora blushed. Cloudora “your rated r is just another kind of pg.” she winked as she put a peace sign with her fingers. Bogs went to sleep and awoke. Cloudora touched his face. Cloudora “what happened?! Was I there?” bogs looked at her in a daze. Bogs “surprisingly you weren't.” cloudora whimpered. Bogs “I thought of you though.” cloudora smiled. Cloudora “you better have!” bogs “i was a young man again with wave.” etero felt a rush of life and excitement inside.

Etero walked to him. Bogs looked at etero. Bogs “it was like she was lost in her world. She spoke but all I heard was muffled melodies. After that, she fell into a noose shaped pool as everything got sucked into it.” bogs stood up. Bogs “If I dreamt myself then I will make this dream come true.” cloudora jumped up. Cloudora “that's my bogglesworth friskers!” spash “I guess i'll go next.” he laid on the cloudy bed. Mazee merla “if i'm there, don't stare too long.” spash smirked. Spash “All I need is a second and it will be forever” mazee merla chuckled. Spash went to sleep and awoke. Spash “dissena?!” mazee merla look away. Mazee merla “i guess that's a good thing.” spash “damn it. I saw dissena and wave.” Mazee merla turned around in intrigument.

Spash “they were singing to another as poetic words and notes appeared on a lunar space stone. It said, “note by note, our dreams sink in silence, a harmony of dead dancing far below, singing loud yet only static comes out, trying to reach the ears for something real but no one is listening, hear the melody of tragic love and life, forever singing for you, us and all.” etero “wave.” spash got up. Spash “i swear to all that exists that my dream will heard and dissena will be found” etero “she is already found, you just need to listen for her.” spash nodded at etero.

Etero got onto a cloudy bed. Spash “If you see wave, tell her to wave her ass here” etero chuckled. Etero “that is just the beginning.” he went to sleep. He opened his eyes. Ryen was running through flooding hallways with buzzing red lights around him. Two dremels were running after him. Ryen saw a gate closing. He began running into it. A dremel wrapped a tentacle around his mind. Ryen slid under the gate as a dremel teneticle ripped off. It squirmed into the water.

Ryen was in a circular room. On the walls were drawings of young girls with waves in front of them coming into another. Ryen “is that miry? That other girl looks familiar but I don't know who that is.” he heard a bubble in the water. Ryen ran to the pool. He saw a woman down below. Ryen “Miry?!” he jumped into the pool and swam to her. It was miry. She had a blue tube attached to her forehead. It led to a young woman beside her. The tubes led into a dremel with its eyes closed.

Ryen “miry!” ryen look around. Suddenly a note shaped blade appeared in ryens hand. He stood at it in shock. He slashed mirys tube off. He grabbed her and began swimming up. He stopped and looked at the young girl. He swam back and slashed her tube off and carried them to the surface. A tentacle grabbed his leg and pulled him over the ledge. He slashed it off and jumped back onto the floor. He ran to miry and began blowing air into her wet strawberry lips. Ryen “miry! Breathe your dream out!”

miry began coughing. She slowly opened up her eyes. Her eyes lip up. Miry spoke as she coughed. Miry “ryen!” ryen hugged her. Ryen “miry, my little fiery sea. I felt your breath inside with mine” miry oh ryen. My other lung!” she looked at the other girl. Miry “it's that girl we saw earlier. I think her name is wave.” ryen “wave? Now I remember.” he got up and began blowing air into her. Ryen “she doesn't compare to you.” miry laughed. Miry “i know” wave began coughing. etero awoke. Etero “it's just a kiss!”

Everyone looked at etero in shock and humor. Cloudora “someone is up to something naughty.” etero smirked. Etero “it's not that so don't get your hopes up.” cloudora laughed. Cloudora “you are the one who thought of it!” etero “i saw wave.” Everyone became intrigued. Etero “she was with a guy and girl named ryen and miry.” willow “oh yes that's right!” he ran over to a woman sleeping. Etero slowly got up and followed him. Willow “is this her?” etero froze in wonder. Etero “looks just like her”

willow “that's because she is waves dreamer.” everyone paused in confusion. Everyone “what?” willow “we all have a dreamer that dreams our reality. Yours is ryen who is right here.” he saw ryen sleeping on the bed next to miry. Etero stood in disbelief. Etero “so this is the reason why im here?” willow “if they die, you and wave die. Don't be discouraged as you dreamt them up as well.” etero “so that means wave is still alive?” willow “as long as the dreamer is dreaming of her then yes, she is still here somewhere.” everyone's eyes lit up with joy and shock.

Etero “you heard that everyone, wave is still alive!” spash “Heh. Us phasers don't ever go really, just phase to another place” willow “they are trying to break free of this dream.” mazee merla put her arms around herself. Mazee merla “they are trying to become real.” willow “boomga” etero “what happens if they succeed? Willow “you two will become the dreamers.” spash “not much different from this lovely chaos anyway” willow “like how dreams effect reality, reality effects dreams as well.”

etero “i won't let that happen. I'll find a way to make us all real” water dripped from the water pipes. Etero “could it be?” spash “saphel!?” the water gathered as it became a figure. Figure “heh heh. You can't hold in your true calling, dreams always find a way” willow “aspor!” everyone “aspor!” aspor “everytime you say it, I get chills of glory through my veins!” etero “it's not a compliment. I'll make them more than fear itself!” aspor “i am fear. Tell me, how can you be scared if it was never there? If danger is another safety? The real fear is realizing we aren't afraid of not being scared.”

mazee merla chuckled. Mazee merla “what isn't is the most frightening as you don't know what it is or could be. Still, why be scared of what always goes on?” spash “there's courage in fear yet that is just another part of life and self.” Aspor “i'm glad you are finally learning but this lesson will be cut short. I will leave you with the final thing to think about. What pours out pours in.” he became water as he flowed into the wall. Etero “damn you and your nonsensical lessons!”

willow “that can't be!” bogs “what is it pops?” willow let down his hair. He rubbed his eyes. He looked like aspor. Spash stared at him in oddity. Spash “are you his father?!” willow chuckled. Willow “ahem. Never. He was the one who took my idenity! My dreams!” cloudora “so he is another you but not you. This dream stuff is getting too much.” bogs “he is the real willow. Aspor has just taken his dreams and traits.” etero “that makes me want to smash him even more, whoever he is!”

willow “let's get my dreams and identity back!” they ran to the wall. Etero began slashing the wall. Spash “i know it's fun but it won't work mister spaztor smasher” willow “ahh wait. You see the blue and red sphere?” spash “yea” willow “spash you stand in front of the blue one. Etero, stand in front of the red one.” etero looked at him with anger, asking for something.” willow “oh that's right, could you stand there?” etero smirked. He stood in front of it. Willow “now, stab them at the same time.” spash “mazee merlas twirlas?” willow looked at him with a straight face. Mazee merla smirked. Mazee merla “it will be the last time you do” willow “On the count of.”

they both stabbed the spheres. Willow “three.” mazee merla chuckled. Mazee merla “you should've known better. These guys couldn't be more rebellious if they tried.” etero “heh. We work perfectly in our odd yet similar unexpectedness” mazee merla “more like two rambuncious kids” the blue sphere glowed blue as it flowed blue light into the blue eye above it. The red sphere glowed fiery red fire as it erupted a flame line to the red eye. The eyes came together as a light shined. A blue portal appeared. Spash “guess these kids know what their doing.” mazee merla smirked. Mazee merla “punishment has just gone up.”

spash laughed. Spash “I must've done something grand huh” willows eyes lit up. Willow “is it?” bogs “what is it lewis and clark? A portal to your exs or to sanity?” willow chuckled. Willow “it's funny how those two couldn't be more far apart yet right there” cloudora jumped up. Cloudora “perhaps the gate to another dream world? Where bunnies are warriors and cats are leaders?” bogs “hmm. I like that.” cloudora “of course you do my little furry curry ball!” mazee merla walked through it as it rippled words and notes.

Etero “Hey that reminds me of someone.” bogs looked at etero as if he knew who he meant. Cloudora “hey spash, your girl just goes head first” she walked through the portal. Spash “she is not my girl and i'd say it's more suicidal than anything.” Bogs “heh heh. Isn't it all self destruction? What fun would it be if we didn't lose ourselves?” he walked through the portal. Spash “what are you guys seeing because it's making you like someone else” willow laughed deeply. Willow “perhaps, this isn't who we are. Maybe what's In here is.” he walked through the portal.

Spash “You too?” etero “My good hated friend spashy, don't hide who you are because your love for her is more obvious than my hatred for drein.” he walked through the portal. Spash “friend huh? I'm a drifter. I was already gone before you could be one. Just like love, it's only an emotion that always leaves. Our only security that leads us to where we were, as if it never was. What a waste of time” he walked through the portal. A thousand dreams floated around him. A note echoed a voice around him.

Spash “wave? Dissena?” the note turned into a pathway. He swam through it. He reached the surface as he climbed out. He saw everyone in front of him. He as in a large room with mechanical walls with blue and red colored lights. There were clouds and oceans of dreams flowing water into another through wires. Spash froze in shock and wonder. He saw saphel hanging by metal wires and tubes. She had blue wires flowing from her head into a blue closed eye above her on the left and a open red eye above her on the right. In between and above them was a blue crystal. Spash “saphel!” mazee merla “it's about time!” spash “heh. I was here way before you in connection”

mysterious voice “awaken to dream.” Another mysterious voice “dream to awaken.” mysterious voice “to preserve infinite creation” the other voice “to free glorious fascinations” Other voice “for the dreamless.” second voice “for the lifeless” first voice “did you ever awaken?” Other voice “or was that another dream awakening of what never was?”cloudora “there's so many unknown voices!” etero “enough of the nursery rhymes! Show your dreamy psychotic selfs!” two amoeba figures floated on the ground. They slowly formed as they became aspor and drein.

Etero “Im getting tired of your dramatic entrances aspor, of shall I say, drein!” drein laughed with a sinister sneer tone. Drein “There would be no drama if it weren't for you, although, it's all drama in its own way.” willow “give me back my dreams!” drein chuckled. Drein “Your dreams? Where did they come from? It all comes from here. The source of dreams, the dream crystal!” spash shook his head. Spash “No. is this what dissenas necklace is made of?!” drein “it sure is. You see all of your miraculous feats, From waves baby becoming me to dissena saving the world, it was all a dream of the crystal.”

Cloudora “so all of my powers are someone else's dream? I won't believe it! I did it myself because it came from me!” drein “possibilities are just constructed equations but all it needs to be truly is imagination. If I dreamt of aspor then he is me and his own being” aspor smirked. Aspor “who's to say that I was before willow? Life and all is just your dream.” mazee merla yelled. Mazee merla “no! Regardless if it was a dream from a crystal, it still needed us, our own dream to be! Willow “without me, you could never be!

Aspor “there is nothing it didn't give you. There's always someone to owe yourself too.” etero “You are no different but I owe no one anything because I did this all on my own. Cloudora “you are a bad man and are guilty!” Drein laughed. drein “If nothing happened, how could you ever be guilty, naive wonder?” cloudora puffed her cheeks red. Darnella bent over with her hands on her hips. Darnella chuckled. Darnella “you phasey lazy asleep fool. You are still guilty of it never happening” bogs “yea. That's what my rollercoaster puff said” darnella smirked. Darnella “I have to go up and down or I will die.” bogs laughed.

Bogs “just like I have to gamble my life away so I might as well right?” Mazee merla “it was real as it happened in the physical real world. there is a difference between physical and non physical” drein “what is physical? If physical is a body and material then doesn't that apply to dreams? You can feel just as much pain and destruction. The only difference is your body's vulnerability. In the real world your body dies yet it never did as there is no time and if there is no time then how could you die? Dreams have everything reality has. The earth is still solid and flowing. The body of reality is the real illusion as you are always you. It's the body of you, of infinite reflection that is truly you.

Reality is you in all forms and ways but really, it is freedom, that is when it can be itself.” willow “no. there has to be one and the other. A way to determine what truly is. Dreams without reality are just empty moments and reality without dreams is a world without substance or true freedom.” drein “that is why I am going to merge reality and dreams.” darnella “i've met some weirdos but this one takes it all and then some” drein “perhaps it's weird not to be weird? This eye is the dream world. It is sleeping. The red eye is the real world. What would happen if the dream world shot out a wave to the real world?

It showed a wave flowing from the blue eye to the red eye. The red eye closed as the blue eye opened, making the crystal reflect a dream world of drein. Drein “you see? When the wave hits reality, it will echo it's sleep into the dream world, awakening it, thus reconnecting to the crystal to reflect my dream. There I will float as saphel as my vessel. If you look at this in reverse, it was the crystal that began the wave, when one thing waves, it all waves. Your fate is already decided before it even echos out.” darnella “so there is no space between dreams and reality, the end and beginning, only infinite reflection that wasn't. Still, for fate to be, it had a chance to be something else.

You can change the wave before it goes. I'll decide beforehand where my heart goes as it is me!” Mazee merla “like a melody that echoes, it's direction is determined by its connector. Etero “I guess this is your wave huh wave?” aspor “fate is inescapable as it's in everything but once I make everything my dream, I will truly have control!” Etero “if fate lies in everything then so does chance. Just like your dreams!” spash “All of our dreams, dissenas dreams, you could never be them even if you tried.”

willow “the only control you will have is none. The more you control, the less you have a grasp on.” mazee merla “we go through life, killing ourselves just to control everything for seemingly peace, for order but in the end, what we think is control is our false sense of it, the true controlling uncontrol. Darnella chuckled as she swiped her finger. Darnella “even if you can control it all, it's no fun. Through letting life and self be anyway is real control.” bogs “if we all had that kind of control, we wouldn't be free for order is chaos as one. etero “the only control is you and your true dreams! Knowing this is your way in all ways!”

drein yelled. Drein “you simple minded lower beings! Like parasites, slithering around in the dark, taking dreams, sucking all the life and material away, the lowest part of the life chain. Proclaiming your superitority with your higher barbaric false control and clean moral unnatural limitations. You are more filthy than the dirtiest cockroach in your own way. I'll show you why you are meant to die and make me evolve more than you can imagine!” spash laughed. Spash “Evolve into a bigger blind end? Heh. I don't need evolution for I am more than evolution, I am free!” darnella “i'll make you look like the first little bug ever made!”

spash yelled as he charged at drein. He shot his plasma bullets at him. Drein shot them back at him. They shot them back and forth at another. Darnella “oh will you two little brats just shut it!” darnella grew black and red blade wings and floated up. She gathered black energy in her wings and hands. Aspor “heh. I can play more than that” he gathered his hands together. Blue energy pulsated in them. Darnella chuckled. Darnella “aren't you cute.” she smirked. Darnella “shadow wave nova!”

she launched her hands at him as dark lines of energy flew towards him. Black bolt shaped shadows shot out of her wings towards him. Aspor lifted up his hands as bubbly water comets flew into the shadows. They were pushing a black and blue energy wall back and forth into another. Etero spun his sword in the air as red fire balls appeared around and above him. Etero “this is for wave's dreams and for being you!” he jumped in the air as spun slashed the balls towards drein.

Some flew at him and others dropped from above. Drein slashed each one as he yawned. Drein “it seems I extinguished your dreams again.” etero “heh. That just set them off!”mazee merla was slashing fin shaped waves at drein as spash and etero slashed at him. bogs looked back and forth. Bogs “Why do I have to choose?” Aspors energy was slowly over taking darnella as it got closer to her. Aspor laughed. Aspor “the darkness always gets washed away!” Darnella was shaking and slowly falling to her knees. Darnella “rahh! Bogs, I swear if you don't do something, this will be child's play compared to what I do to you!” bogs jumped up. Bogs “Hmm. I might like that.

He ran up to aspor. Bogs “hey sir, keep your drool off my girl!” bogs kicked aspors foot. Darnella’s energy gained power and flew into aspor. bogs “its like watching a dramatic fight sequence in a fantasy film! Darnella “i'm more than fantasy baby” bogs “how you make destruction beautiful is beyond me” darnella smirked. Aspor fell down. Darnella “well that was kinda fun” saphel grabbed aspor and absorbed him. The dream crystal glowed as it flew a blue energy into aspor.

Aspor flew out of saphel. He landed on his feet. Darnella “well if that isn't a horror movie you are sick of seeing!” willow “It's the dream crystal! As long as they have control of it, they will keep coming back!” darnella “good! I can play with you forever!” she blew a kiss at him as she bent over. It landed on aspor as it exploded. Bogs eyes were in dismay. Bogs “What a kiss!” darnella smirked. Aspor fell down and slowly rose with his head flinging back. Spash and mazee merla slashed down at drein.

Drein evaded them and stepped on their swords. Etero swung his sword on to drein. Drein jumped up and shot his sword away. Mazee merla swept her fin at him. As he jumped up, spash shot at him and etero slashed a fireball at him. drein backflip kicked spash and mazee merla as he landed on saphel. Drein “Three still can't see me” drein slashed phase crescent waves at everyone. Aspor shot out spheres around them. Drein slashed them from the ground and from above. As he landed, he put his sword behind his back and pulled the trigger. Everyone sparked a bright explosion.

Etero got up with rage and jumped onto saphel. He viciously slashed up and down at him. Drein ducked and flipped around them. Drein “Ahh, the power of love. How it gives you strength yet leads you down in the end!” etero “she is your sister!” drein “ha! Is that supposed to affect me? She is no different than anyone else. Just another pawn in a game!” etero yelled. Etero jumped up and came flying down onto drein. He kept slamming his blade onto Drein as drein kept rolling out of the way. Etero came down with his sword on to drein.

Drein jumped up. Drein slashed down with his sword as etero blocked it with his sword. Drein shot at etero as spash blocked it. Spash “when will you wake up?” spash jumped forward as he shot at drein. Drein stopped the bullets in mid air and let them drop. drein “why would I ever do that! When will you go to sleep!?” mazee merla dove at him with her sword. Drein side stepped and slashed the sword down. Spash and etero slashed at his head. Drein lifted his sword and blocked it.

Aspor jumped onto saphel. Darnella “playing hard to get huh!?” bogs jumped onto saphel. He threw his pages at Aspor as he jumped and kicked him. Aspor emitted waves that stopped the pages. Aspor “where is the phase? You'll never know!” bogs “you are the phase that never was!” mazee merla spun slashed her sword and fin at drein. Drein jumped over the fin and ducked under the sword. Drein stepped on her fin and held his gun to her face. Drein “this will be the last thing you'll sea. Ready to be free?” Mazee merla smirked. Mazee merla “i'm already there. Lost in your own imagination, ignoring reality just for an escape but you just fell deeper into it!”

she her hair wrapped around his gun and flung it away. He slashed at her as she bent over. He slashed down at her as she bent backwards and swept her fin at his feet. She turned around and hit him with a back elbow. He blocked it. She fell back with her sword as he blocked it with his sword. She hit him with her fin. Spash roundhouse kicked him as etero spun punched his face. As he fell he shot at all of them and appeared behind etero. Drein began slashing etero from every direction. Etero blocked each strike. Drein “haha. I already know your every move!” etero “As do I!” etero slashed his sword as it caught drein. Spash shot at drein as etero began slashing fire balls at him. Mazee merla slashed her sword in circles as spirals flew at him. Bogs spun around aspor as darnella shook her hips that emitted dark lightning shockwaves at aspor and drein.

Drein and Aspor fell back to back to another. Spash shot bullets into the air and etero came falling with them. He smashed into them with his fireballs and sword. Spash aimed his gun at drein. Spash “Sleep tight!” he shot the bullet as they exploded. They fell back. Etero “sleep for good.” mazee merla “i have to admit, you weren't bad, for a dream” spash smirked. Spash “Imagine what really was.” mazee merla smirked. Mazee merla “i don't want to know” bogs “hey guys, you may not want to celebrate so early.”

etero “Come on bogs, you were never the party police” everyone laughed. Bogs “No look!” aspor and drein twitched. Darnella “another horror video game begins!” bogs “maybe they are doing the death dance!” a feminie sultry intellectual voice spoke in their minds. Voice “filthy children of reality, intruders of pure dreams, can you hear your reality slowly leaving you?” Everyone held their head. Etero “I can't stand this voice! It's like a thousand ear piercing screams flowing through my mind!”

willow “look!” blue words appeared over saphel on a black screen. Spash “She's talking to us through our minds and writing on the screen!” saphel “Come my beloved children, my putrid impure rotten rocks, stuck in your own prison of validating end you can't escape, i'll make you formless again!” drein and aspor floated into saphel. She splashed a large ball of water. They saw dreins and aspors head next to her as their closed eyes meet into one large closed eye of her mind above. Etero “no. i'll show you that the end is never changing, is never forming into your real self without substance, it's the only way to be free!”

mazee merla “you are endless but without solidification, forever in your own void dream that never comes or breathes, the one who can't escape is you!” a large body of water fell out from saphel. It formed into a thin yet curvy woman. She had four tenticles with long silver and blue hair. Her eyes were amoebic with two scars above and below them that flowed watery waves into them. She had blue spheres everywhere on her. She wore blue metal armor with sides of her legs and arms revealed. She wore a chest piece with three spheres in a triangular shape on it.

Everyone's eyes were in shock. Spash “didn't know an amoeba could be so oddly attractive!” he looked at mazee merla. She looked at him with a straight face. Spash “you are still an amoeba!” mazee merla nodded. Saphel giggled with a horrific chilling tone. Saphel “It's been forever, yet feels likes yesterday. i can be real just like you but that's just so dull isn't it?! Get ready for something more real than reality itself my play toys!” she whipped her metal tentacles at everyone. She floated up. Saphel “hehehe! Say nighty night to your dreams!”

they felt their energy drain. Darnella was shaking in weakness. Darnella “damn it. It's hard being so fantastically out there!” bogs “that's what makes your beauty go beyond comprehension!” darnella blushed. Darnella “if I wasn't being drained of my dreams, I would smooch you to death!” bogs laughed. Bogs “that wouldn't be the first time!” They saw a little skull girl in the middle of saphels amoeba. It began gaining skin. Etero “no! That must be her real form!” saphel “yes my dear dreamless nothings, watch your dreams go by as you awaken to a pure blissful paradise of infinite soul!”

Everyone began seeing their dreams flow through the tentacles. Etero “Wave?!” It showed wave reaching for etero. Etero “No! This is my dream! Our deepest core you can't take! Come on everyone, remember why you are here! Dream from inside!” everyone began dreaming. The dreams began coming back to them. Saphel giggled saphel “it seems you have come up short my lovely little doll!” darnella “hey, that's my line!” she whipped her tentacles again. The dreams began flowing into saphel. Spash “damn! Dissena! No! Not this time! I'd rather die than give up my true callings!”

spash desperately slowly pointed his gun at his heart. Mazee merla “spash?!” spash “hey etero, i'll tell wave you said hey.” etero reached his hand at spash. Etero “spash! If you do it, i'll give you something worse than death!” spash chuckled. Spash “mazee, don't stop swimming, i'll see you inside your sea of hearts” mazee merlas eyes lit up like never before. She struggled with all her might. Mazee merla “spash, don't make me right this time! You don't want to know I will do to you!” spash smirked. Spash “till the next dream!” he shot his heart. Everyone screamed his name.

Bogs “What's with all the dying!” Saphel giggled. Saphel “Nice to be with you again my son! Embrace death, it is the true free life, when you can have it all. to gain is to lose, although you were never dead at all, just an aware dream!” mazee merla screamed. Mazee merla “no one cares about your sickening dream. That's all it is! You could never take spashes dreams, his heart because it's inside me!” etero “life without death can never be alive as to be born, you had to dream it yourself. You are just living a dead vision that never was yours! Spash is still here within it all!”

bogs “Spash! You were so like wave. I won't let you stop his dream!” darnella “my spashy washy, so cold yet so loving. I'll make you believe in true death!” everyone cut off the tentacles. Saphel screamed. The tentacles became dremels. Etero “Don't you ever stop?!” saphel laughed with a conniving tone. Saphel “you can never stop me, yet did I ever go or is that your perception?” she spun around on her toes with her hands together above her head with tenticles as it became a hurricane of water that flew into everyone. Darnella spun around and waved her wand.

A large ground of rocks rose around them. Darnella “rock solid baby!” etero charged towards her in a fitting rage. As he swung his sword saphel wrapped a tentacle around the ceiling bars and flew high up. Darnella stretched her legs and shot dark darnella smiley faced skull bolts from her wand at saphel. Darnella “damn fly!” saphel “dream to reality and reality to dream, is anything what it seems? Like a giant in the middle of a field, you can't be missed!” etero and mazee merla jumped onto the bars. Mazee merla slashed at her. Saphel flipped over her. Etero smashed his sword at saphel. His sword met mazee merlas. Mazee merla “friendly reinforcement huh?” etero “just making sure you are awake!” mazee merla “i'm more than that!”

they swung around, slashing at saphel as she swung through bars. They fell onto the ground. Saphel whipped her tentacles onto the ground below mazee merla and etero. She lighted them up into the air and slammed them into the ground again and again as she performed cartwheels. She then pulled them together as they spun around. She pulled them to her. She bent over forward and kicked etero. Etero caught her leg. She put her other leg around his head. Saphel “seems like you are all wrapped up! You squeeze struggle and tragic inevitability so divinely!” mazee merla slashed at her as saphel lifted herself above etero. Mazee merla “the more you wrap the more you unravel!” she appeared behind etero. Saphel “got you!” etero swung his sword as he spun around. She flew into the ground as water again.

Etero “the only thing you got is your delusions!” she appeared in front of him. Saphel giggled. Saphel “your fear is so accelerating, or is it pretend excitement? show me your dreams, you can't hide them for long!” etero “heh. You could never scare what is mine! Are you afraid of the truth that you can't be afraid?!” he slashed at her head. She bent over and wrapped a tentacle around him. Saphel “surprise from in front of you!” Mazee merla spalshed out of the floor and slashed through saphel. Darnella swung her wand as a pool of boiling hot water appeared under saphel. Saphel fell in. Darnella “aren't you a smoking beauty!” saphel screamed in horror. Saphel “every end of a dream is another one”

she evaporated into her amoeba. It began to shake and ripple. Darnella “seems we agitated her a little. Is the little psycho sad?” bogs was running around dremels throwing electrical pages at them. Bogs “can we move along? I'm getting bored here!” etero slammed his sword into the ground. The dremels flew into the air. He smashed fire balls into them. He slashed through them. As they landed, he slammed his sword behind his back as a large fireball fell on them. Etero “Don't mind if I drop in huh?”

mazee merla rolled her eyes. Mazee merla “nice but corny.” etero “What? What would've you said? Im amazing!?” mazee merla laughed, mazee merla “still better!” saphel formed with drein and aspors head. It became a parasitic head with each head side by side. The eyes were burning red and had red tongue tentacles flying around. Saphels belly grew red teeth and roared watery waves through everyone. Darnella “aren't you a cute psychotic angel dipped in delusional rage and innocence?!”

drein “I am the dream! Your real end!” drein “Nothing can awaken you! Nothing can bring you back to reality!” The half skeleton and skin saphel inside gathered her hands together. Saphel began absorbing red water through it. Behind her emitted a red and blue spiral of nightmares. It all became black. Suddenly saphel was in the universe. She lifted up blue flaming worlds as blue energy flew through them. When they reached each world, they exploded into water that formed into one giant water sphere. drein “say goodbye to all of your dreams! My dream is forever!”

everyone floated into saphels mouth. Mazee merla “Its going to get wet!” darnella “i'm already wet or is that a slippery dry?” bogs was speechless. Bogs “you had to say it now!” saphel spat them out with a large sphere as big as the universe into the red sphere. It slowly evaporated and became a blue sea of dreins dreams. They appeared back in the room. Everyone barely moved. Etero breathe heavily. He barely spoke. Etero “no. waves dreams, her essence can't be denied. This isn't the end of anything” mazee merla “a tragic love lost to the fates of dreams and reality, hearts woven with artificial security and desires, a world of light and hope dead, coated with the illusive memories of what was and never will be, is there anything more to dream about? If there's a time you can hear me, it's now spash”
drein laughed with victory and glory. Drein “i told you that dreams are inescapable! Infinite! You get the honor of being my dream forever!” darnella “hehe. I'm already my own nightmare that will live on through it all” drein “heh heh heh. Nothing remains in the barren soil you wear, a collection of agony, regrets and vulnerabilities, the most solid nothingness that never was your desire but everything stays in this phase that never ends! Etero “with the solid death comes solid life and it isn't about what goes, it's knowing it was true, That is the dream! your dream is just an empty release with no true connection!”

drein and saphel began to shake. Drein “what?! No!” mazee merla felt a surge of life flow through her. Mazee merla “is that?!” drein kept changing from drein to spash. Bogs “spash!?” drein “no! You are not you anymore. You are me now!” spash “as long as you live, so do I! Mazee merla, everyone. Get out now!” mazee merla slowly got up. Mazee merla “spash!” she ran towards him. Darnella stopped her. Mazee merla “if you want to live, you'll let me go!” darnella shrugged her shoulders. Darnella “either way, i'll still burn”

willow “she's right! You can't love if you are gone too right?” mazee merla “damn you and your rightness!” drein rose up from saphel. He was glowing a bright blue aura. His hair was glowing longer with blue. Willow “could it be!?” drein “haha! Is this the true dream power? The essence of kingdom dreams? I feel as if I can dream anything and achieve it now! Drein “no more reality! I'll show you my love by eliminating you all! Say goodnight for good my dreamers!” the place began to shake. Etero “I think it's time to go!”

Everyone ran through the corridor. Water began rushing through them. They ran through the dreamer room. Etero stopped. Mazee merla “you now?” etero “is wave is alive then I have to find her! I have to show her how much she means to me!” mazee merla “no! If I have to go then so do you! If you don't stay here then the dream will be for nothing!” etero “a dream of her is more real than any reality” everyone looked down. Bogs walked up to etero. He tried to hold in a tear. Bogs “I know this isn't the end but you know, you are like a joker card, funny but came through.” He scratched his back.

Etero smirked. Etero “you are pretty cool for a fur ball spaz” bogs laughed. Bogs “spazzing in style” darnella folded up her arms and looked away with a prissy disapproval. Etero “I know darnella. You don't need to approve it but I wouldn't be me if you didn't hate me right?” Darnella slowly looked at him. She ran to him and hugged him hard. She dropped black frowning tears. Darnella “don't think you can get off that easy! By the way, i'm not like her. I'm still evil okay my most fun hated rock!” etero laughed. Etero “you make evil good and innocent” darnella blushed. Darnella “oh shucks!”

willow “i sense great potential in you but I know this is just like the moon unveiling its illusion.” etero smirked. Etero “you are like a cloud of smoke, far away yet right where you imagine” willow “remember that you have it all through this. Release your dream as it” etero nodded. Mazee merla walked up to him with a straight face. Mazee merla “i thought you were a self centered jackass when I met you. I still do. Etero looked at her with a confused face. Mazee merla smirked. Mazee merla “i guess cause you were like me in ways. We're all self centered in our own way.”

etero chuckled. Etero “the feeling is mutual selfish shellfish diva” mazee merla smirked. Mazee merla “let the dreams be you and if you see spash, tell him he's more dead than death itself” etero chuckled. Etero “I'll gladly tell him that” She walked off. Etero “Hey.” she turned around. Mazee merla gave him the wonder face. Etero “the real awakening starts now” mazee merla “it was always awake in dreaming it” they smirked. She ran off. Etero walked to miry. Etero “please miry. Take me to wave. Let me hear her dreamy voice of a thousand waves that take me so far away, like a soothing blanket of gentle warmth!”

he fell down on his knees in front of her. Her screen typed the words, “awaken us please” everyone ran through the corridors as water spilled from the pipes and wires. They ran across the large bridge. It began to crumble. Bogs “she's not going to make it!” mazee merla jumped towards the ledge. bogs jumped out to mazee merla. Bogs “we keep running into another huh?” mazee merla “nothing stops your jokes huh?” bogs “no!” they fell down. Suddenly they were lifted up by a cloud.

Darnella was looking at them as she tapped her foot. Bogs smiled with a grin. Bogs “Got you!” darnella smirked. They ran out as the place crumbled. They ran out to the platform. Willow “quick! Get in the ship!'' Everyone ran into the ship. Pilot “there is no more room” mazee merla put a sword to the pilots neck. Mazee merla “if there is air then there is room!” the pilot sweated and shook his head. Pilot “if you want to die then let him in!” willow “don't worry, this is the ironic path of the adventure ehh?” darnella “willow tree, do not get away from me!”

willow laughed, willow “i'm not getting away, just taking a detour around.” bogs “no more of your clever wizardry secretly entwined sayings” Drein exploded through the ceiling as he floated above everyone. Willow “i'll be the breeze of none and of this moment! The end is the beginning of a new quest!” Everyone yelled his name as the door closed and the ship began to lift away. Drein held himself. Drein “hahaha! Behold the power of imagination!” he released his arms as blue sphere comets flew through the city and kingdom.

Buildings exploded with splashes of water. Drein slashed his gunblade as a wave split civilians and buildings in half. Cloudora screamed. Cloudora “no! Oh he is so a squishy dead puff!” bogs held cloudora. Bogs “Their dreams live on through it all” a building began to fall towards them. Mazee merla “the gate is closing!” cloudora “step on it pilot man!” the pilot yelled. Pilot “there's only so much I can do!” cloudora waved her wand. The ship's eyes lit up as it smiled. The ship went faster.

Bogs “You are very bad for an innocent girl” cloudora put her hand over her mouth as she giggled. Cloudora “just a little spark of love” the building came down into them as they crashed through the closing gate. Mazee merla “im up now!” etero slowly awoke. He was drifting in water. Etero “Am I in dreams of dreams? He heard a familiar melody flow through his soul. Etero “it sounds like a youthful nostalgic sound, a calming wavy distortion of being a kid again but of other dreams.”

Chapter thirteen

he began walking through echoing dreams of water. Etero “sinking through young and old dreams of reality, like I'm living them all yet as if they never happened, did any of this happen? It doesn't matter to me, as long as you are in the waves, as long as I imagine reality. Even when I have oxygen, it feels like I'm out of breath. Will you help me see inside myself?”a piece of paper floated towards him. His eyes lit up. He read it. It had words above and music notes below. It read, “here are my words of melodies, singing my deepest thoughts that pass you, everyone, can you hear the true emotion, see the real harmony I breathe? I can't believe it would come to this yet It already did, I just couldn't bear to go on with it that way, I felt your warmth you hid inside when I first met you, a gravitating flame of memorial rebirth and freedom, how you played it cool and never let anyone in, yet I knew you wanted to so bad, that's why I did it, so you don't have to feel the burden I was feeling, like being ripped apart from everything you love. If you ever read this, just remember that your heart is in the sun, watching me, maybe i'll see you in the next wave”

below it was kissed with blue lipstick. Etero looked up with a new revelation and way. Etero “wave!?” Etero “wave! No! I should've known! You and me were the same! You, you always knew. I saw it through your ever deepening eyes, a sea of sorrow sinking away inside yourself, trying to escape the harsh truth, of showing your real self in fear of losing what you love. when you suffer, so do I. I can't see you like this anymore! i'll pull you out! Just keep holding your breath you are!” He tried to cry but the tears rose up. The ceiling became a rocky ground.

The page separated onto the walls besides etero. On the left of him was a water wall of music notes and on the left was an earthly wall of tree stumps of poetic words. His eyes lit up. Above the notes were spheres of dreams and below them were moons on water. A little girl was asleep down below in an ocean at the beginning. Etero “wave?” above her was a blue sphere. It released a wave that flew through the notes. On the other side was her standing on a beach awake. He heard a melody play.

Etero “it sounds familiar. Like noises of memories and wonder” he heard a sleek quirky voice sing. Voice “melody of poetry, poetry of harmony, innocent voices gone unheard, shadows of melodic dreams fall, lunar mirror glowing the raining romance for all to see, still her true oddity lays behind the screaming eclipse, hiding in her silent sea of isolation and sorrow, still it sung louder than sound itself.”

the notes spilled into the moon as it glowed silver light in the water. Three music notes circled around the moon. It slowly became a music note with whiskers and a black hat juggling worlds. Note “note of note it goes, what it's meaning no one knows!” etero was in shock. Etero “a talking note huh.” the note laughed. Note “talking is even thinking is talking, are you ever speaking or is it just communicative there's melody in everything, hear it and it will sing” he became a spiral of worlds.

The words spiraled around the tree stump black lines. They formed into a black and white striped oval shaped creature with two blue capital a shaped ears. It had Two large o shaped black eyes appear on a line and a smile grew on the line below. etero heard it speak through his soul. Words “words play in resonance, dissonance plays words, writing acts awaiting to be freed, you are the spiral of poetry of one, forever spiraling dreams and memories, see what's beyond the words, in between poetry and music, everything is alive”
etero “the words of the act?” the creature's eyes became two worlds as the smile wrapped around them. A boy and girl swam to another. Etero “is that wave and me?” suddenly words flew into the middle of the room. The notes flew into them. A tree stump laid below them. Etero looked at his fingers. The lines spiraled words and melodies. He was speechless. Etero “this is insane yet it was like I knew all along.” he walked up to the stump. He placed his finger on it. Suddenly it grew into a tree clock of words and melodies.

Eteros' eyes exploded in wonder and oddity. A branch was on the letter w and the root was on the letter e. The tree spoke through his mind. Tree “snap, is that the time or is it another one?” the branch and root reflected into another clock of another time. Tree “did it ever move or was it just you?” etero put out his thumb into the tree. Etero “this is my time, the one that was always here!” words and melodies spiraled out of his thumb into the tree. It turned into a silver spider. Spider “it isn't what you are but what flows through the branches and roots!” light flowed through the spider lines as words appeared on them. etero spiraled into them. He saw wave swimming in between a line. Etero “wave. I hear your soul, I see your melody!”

wave saw a black balloon on the wall. The balloon turned into a mirror of an ocean. It rippled an image of etero. Wave “etero?!” she slowly approached the mirror. She touched it. It rippled waves around her as she slowly became a liquid figure. She put her head through the mirror. The balloon became a noose that squeezed her neck. Wave struggled to get it off. Wave “pull me in, push me out, I'm not scared anymore! Death or not, I will wave on!'' A mysterious deep voice echoed in her mind. Mysterious deep voice “what are you afraid of? You are the killer, the culprit, the cause and the victim” wave yelled. Wave “maybe but i'm also the victor and reviver!” she let it all go. wave was floating in an ocean. Around her were millions of whirlpools of words and notes.

Mysterious deep voice “dream to dream we float in oblivion, for an escape from reality, yet when we reach it, we want to wake up but that leads to another phase, which one is the right way out? will you seamingly choose what you didn't and suffocate deeper into your endless struggle of choice or will you reach the surface of what always was?” a jelly fish with legs and big blue eyes and a mouth ran into a whirlpool. Waves eyes lit up. Wave “it keeps getting weirder” she felt a surge of energy flow through her that translated into words. Mysterious voice “all ways are one and you, just connect and you'll be there”

wave paused. She then jumped into the whirlpool where the jellyfish went into. She flowed through countless jellyfish. Their tentacles were connected to dreams and memories. She flew through the other end. She floated down. She felt a mysterious voice echo through her. Sophisticated voice “nothingness dreams the memory, memory dreams the nothingness, yet did it ever dream or remember?” suddenly countless blue eyes appeared around a large metal blue closed eye. Above it was a transparent head with closed eyes and a mouth. the eyes flowed water light into a transparent figure in front of the eye.

It resonated waves of water. It turned around. Figure “we live with our eyes open and our souls closed, seeing the illusion of real illusion, never awakening from our own awake end. Welcome to the dream ocean of eternal reality that never was. I am the creator of dreams and life itself, the imaginer” wave stared in shock and wonder. The imaginer “life and reality as we know it is just a reflection of a dream that awakened. I dreamt myself being the one who imagined everything. From there, I've imagined countless series of creations and life.” the eye displayed sequences of big bangs and big collapses.

Every sequence of life is just a wave of one dream always there. She saw wave and everyone in waves.Waves eyes lit up. Wave “there's etero! My dreams!” the imaginer laughed. The imaginer “ oh how that memorial soul chills in reconnection and love. Like a magnet on metal. Like a dream, it takes your soul over but that's logically being that is imagination. You biggest destruction and creation” Wave replied coldly yet calmly. Wave “how can I be destroyed if I don't imagine it?” the imaginer laughed. The imaginer “you did in not imagining it. It seems your dreamt up hero is lost in his dreams as well.” wave squinted her eyes. Wave “you had to find your lostness. You see, each dream came from a memory you dreamt that you never did. Waves are real echoes of your memory in a dream.

Did you ever wonder why things come in waves yet feel as if there were already there? Yes, reality is a physical dream of your soul's reflection. It seems she is the other part of this eternal lovely hell.” waves eyes widened with curiosity and wonder. Wave “her?” the imainger smirked. He tried to hide his hatred. The imaginer “you'll remember as she is memory itself as is dreams.” wave “even a cell?” the imaginer “how else could a cell be if it didn't remember itself? What's inside it is what it remembers and that is everything.

wave “hmm. Evolution was always here?” the imaginer chuckled. The imaginer “only a fool would call it evolution.” Wave smirked. Wave “to use the word reflects it'' the imaginer smirked. The imaginer “did you imagine that or was that another reflection beyond? Evolution is just our constructed change of what was here all along and beyond as one. So you see that the cell is the seed, the space and the plant. The seeded cellular plant of self planting” Wave “so the memory of our dreams dreaming the memory came first and last as one?”

the imaginer “pretty clever you are but that doesn't come as a surprise being as you are the mother of dreams.” Wave froze. Wave “don't flatter yourself” the imaginer laughed. The imaginer “you've already done that. I dreamt of you to nurture the dreamers and they needed someone to give them life and death” wave froze in shock and disbelief. Wave “ the imaginer “You must my beautiful dreamer of death! Afterall, there is no end, only the next awakening” Wave “even in reality, opened eyes are still dreaming.” the imaginer “That is right my lovely daughter I dreamed of! He put his arms on her shoulders. The imaginer “time to awaken your little children” wave shook her head.

She walked to the closed eye. The imaginer “this is the source of everything. The closed cellular eye prism. It had white and colorful tentacles with a little floating black and blue nucleus in the middle. It had one black void eye, one blue eye and a white eye above them both. Inside were oceans, lands, spaces and clouds with words and music notes flowing around it. The Imaginer “Like when you squint your eyes and look at the street lights, they expand, they reach it all as the light inside can be infinite beyond surrounding interferences and constructed limitations. Life is this glass eukaryotic cell, reflecting white lights of memories and dreams through its tentacles into colorful unseen and undiscovered wonders.”  The imaginer “ It’s where everything comes and goes. Don’t you wonder how we’re able to create monuments beyond our ability or technology? The prism eye closed as its mind and soul shined through the universe. it’s white light and colorful lights became wings as it flew away and back inside. 

The imaginer “It's when you are really awake and can see with your soul and all. Once the dreamers die, so will reality and our true dream will open its eyes forever” wave lifted up her swito to stab the eye. She began to shake. The imaginer “do it!” she clinched her swito. She swung it around to hit the imaginer. He disappeared and reappeared behind her.

The imaginer “hmpf. You can never destroy imagination. If you don't exist, why do you persist?” Wave “no. I exist.” the imaginer chuckled with confidence. The imaginer “existence? Is that our defined physical construct or your presence? There's existence in non existence. Even nothing needs to be dreamt and remembered.” wave yelled as she waved her hand.

Wave “well then everything will always be in dreams and memories! I exist because I believe, no, because I am existence itself. I exist in being beyond it!” The imaginer spoke with a more vicious tone. The imaginer “I've stopped countless dreamers like you from awakening and I will continue to as I am imagination itself. You can never awaken what never was asleep” wave laughed. Wave “if they were never asleep then they were always awakened. like how we broke through the seemingly impossible, so will I. How I dreamt myself dreaming my memory and everything, I will remember my real dream into reality, when I will be awakened beyond. I am the mother and I will choose who goes and who stays” the imaginer laughed. Wave floated to the eye of etero. She turned to him.

Wave “dream you never” she dived through the eye. Etero fell through a spiral into an underwater room. He saw the drawing of wave on an anchor, reaching for the stars. There were stars below her as well. Etero drew wings on the anchor. Etero “she sinks in her eternal sorrow, reaching for the farthest light, something to warm her cold dark heart inside, waiting for someone to grab her hand, yet never wanting to be saved, how much we hide below our surface. only you could give my arrogance flight. Will you help me let go of this endless weight I always carry?” a star became a note as it jumped off. It walked off. Etero “wave? Is that your wavy dreamy wonder so real?” Etero swam after it. Wave was swimming through red boulders. They grew flames of eteros memories.

Wave spoke softly and with pure compassion. Wave “oh etero, you made my breathless sorrow so bright, as if I never needed any breath. Suffocating behind your hard shell of past and broken love, weighed down with burden of a tragic love and loss, still I always knew what you really were, a scared child lost at sea like me, wrapped in our own illusive shelter, keeping everyone out so we didn't have to go through this again. I love you more than myself and anyone else but you can't hear me. Can you guide me to your light you hide inside so I can finally breathe again?

Etero followed the note. Etero heard a voice through his soul. Etero “wave?” the note slowly turned into the blue dressed woman. Etero “that lady again!” he spoke in his mind. Etero “there she was, a walking ocean that burned so bright, like a jacuzzi of dreamy memories, wearing the fashion of soulful wonder and melody, each step was a thousand ripples that you never felt, as if she drowned you and you took your first breath” she turned around and smirked at him. Woman in blue dress spoke in a sultry tone. Lady “we speak so much more through dreams, yet it waves by us, wave in, wave out, just like me”

etero “When will I see your dreamy wonder again?” the lady in blue laughed with a sophisticated sultry tone. Lady in blue “did you ever see me or is this just a dream that never happened?” etero “Maybe I dreamt you never being” she smirked as she formed back into a music noted door. He saw a universe of dreams in a water world. Etero “wave, I know it's you!” he walked through the water door with a twisted sun and moon on a shoreline at night. Wave floated up to the surface. She looked around to see she was in a word.

She realized that it was one of a whole paper. She felt a rush of oddity and wonder. Wave “am I swimming in my own poetic thoughts? I never could find the right words to display myself for you to see, only showing my surface. I will write you my deepest love for all to see on the space of eternal dreams with my voice! With my soul!” she swam to the black shoreline of the page. It became another horizon. Wave “the beginning of my words is the end of them. In between is where they come together. if I wave my words free then they become the end and beginning.This is where I am safe. Where no one can find me. In my dark blue dream. I don't want to wake up and leave this eternal suffocation cause it's when i'm free. If I reach the surface, It won't be the same. reality stay away from me! Let me drift on forever! I'm never coming back!” she slowly drifted down below.

Etero swam around a world of spheres that displayed waves dreams. Etero “wave, I can only go so much longer. I love you beyond but you won't let me in. Don't worry though, I'll give you my last breath so you can breathe me in whenever you need to, i'll breathe through you! You are real through me!” the anchor began floating to the top. Miry was swimming towards the surface of a mechanical sea. She swam past neon lit buildings that glowed memories of a real city at the surface. Miry “I'm drowning in your love ryen, you are right there yet I can't breathe you in, suffocating in my own dreams, will you be waiting for me at the top?”

Chapter fourteen

ryen stood at the edge of a city. Ryen “miry, I feel your soul reaching out for me, i'll be your comet that will splash you out!” he jumped off the edge towards the glistening city sea. Mazee merla “we're almost to the end!” bogs “Easy for you to say miss tsunami!” they flew through a spiral of dreams in between shorelines of memories. they saw a circling whirlpool eye in front of them. Mazee merla “it's hardly easy hoppy boggy!” Mazee merla squinted at the eye. He saw a figure inside the middle. Mazee merla felt a familiar feeling through her soul. Mazee merla “spash. I know it's you. You are beyond dead when I find you!”

cloudora yelled with excitement. Cloudora “eye to eye, here is where we fly!” bogs “or possibly die, whichever comes to mind and is more fitting but I must say, I won't miss the buffet!” they flew through the eye as the white parts became lunar fishes. A sultry golden skinned curvy woman was sitting on a black chair. She wore black slacks and a black shirt with golden strings in an x shape in the middle. She had on a white and black cat bracelet that matched her black and white cat tail tattoo on her back. Her long black hair was in a ponytail that matched her sleek kat like brown eyes. They bled black eye shadow waves. There was a white tail like band that held her ponytail together at the end.

She was watching the news on three mechanical tv screens with neon lights around them. They had two robotic eyed antennas and green energy flowed through the wires. She saw sciney serene on the screen. Sciney serene “oh how lovely it is to see you all hear my voice! Today is the day the greatest breakthrough in science will be made. Soon you won't even need the energy of the planet that feeds your hungry mouths. Yes this will be the last day of this place and the first of our new world, scienea! Get ready my precious ladies and gentlemen for something you won't ever forget. The woman chuckled. Woman “no thanks lying experiment. I like my world like this, dark and free” she heard a knock at the dark neon lit up door.

She walked up to it. Woman “what do you say?” a deep voiced man spoke. Man “meow catilea cat” she purred. The cat symbol flowed green neon lights as it opened up. A tall man in a trench coat with black sunglasses was standing there. He had long black hair and a goatee. Catilela cat “its like you never left, inyu” inyu smirked. He walked in and turned around. Inyu “still a shadow no one knows huh?” catilela cat chuckled. Catilela cat “every shadow has its light.” She handed him a disk. Inyu took out a glowing neon device with a screen. A transparent wire connected to the disk. Codes flowed from the disk into the device through the wire. It reflected a catiela cat spinning around on a pole. Catilela cat “is it everything you wanted?” inyu smirked. Inyu “Yes but I could have more” Catilela cat waved her finger. Catilela cat “you couldn't handle it” Inyu “i wouldn't need to” he pointed his device at her. Green energy waves flew into catilela cats eyes. Inyu “Enjoy that currency” he walked to the door. Catilela cat “oh I will. Don't enjoy that too much” inyu smirked.

Mazee merla saw a figure swim from her. Mazee merla “spash?” figure “see the essence with your soul and connection, free your senses, you are it all” mazee merla “can it be you?!” mazee merla slowly awoke as the figure turned into a fish. Mazee merla chuckled. Mazee merla “spash, you always splashed my nerves but I can't say I don't miss it”

she swam towards the fish. Mazee merlas eyes lit up. Mazee merla “bogs!” she swam to bogs. Mazee merla “bogs?” he was unconscious. She grabbed him. She followed the fish deeper down. Each scale reflected different oceans. The fish giggled as it spoke in a quirky high pitched voice. Fish “is there an inbetween or is every piece was one all along?” mazee merla looked in wonder. Mazee merla “just like your one liner talking fish?” the fish chuckled. Fish “Who says I was talking? Or you? You speaking is the true oddity” one scale showed cloudora as it reflected a light to a figure. Mazee merla looked at it. Mazee merla “cloudora?!” she swam to her.

She grabbed her. Mazee merla “Do I have to always be the underwater savior?” she swam to a nightly shoreline. A dark moon glowed spooky odd wonder over the sand and water. It had broken machines and flasks. Mazee merla “isn't this a glamorous vacation spot of mechanical destruction” he laid them on the sand. She slapped them with her fin. They coughed. Bogs jumped up and looked at himself. He slowly began to scream and blow up. Bogs “i’m wet!” he ran around in a furry. Hr stopped in front of mazee merla bogs “did you hear that? I'm freaking wet! slappy happy huh?” mazee merla chuckled. Mazee merla “you asked for it” cloudora “Maybe I wanted to sleep in my sweet clouds''

bogs “Yea, I was in a rough game of blackjack and almost had it all” mazee merla “not enough luck huh?” bogs smirked. Bogs “My luck is just beginning” mazee merla stared at the ocean. She spoke to herself. Mazee merla “my long lost dream, only you could reach my core, deep beneath my high tides of security, where I await your soft touch, a phase of the hardest weightlessness, a wondrous breeze I could never know” cloudora touched mazee merla. Cloudora “aww my mazazing zing! Fear not, as spash is still in your dreams, in your soul. They say that when a flower petal falls onto the water, it reflects the other one beyond, blooming with another in between like wings far gone but one”

bogs nudged mazee merla. Bogs “As long as you swim so will he.” mazee merla looked down. She bursted out in a cold fury. Mazee merla “stop speaking as if you feel what I feel. He is gone and never coming back but I don't care anymore. Why should I? He made his own selfish choice!” she walked off. Bogs “Well I lost wave too! Do you hear me!?” he looked at cloudora. Bogs “that backfired well hmm?” cloudora “That's the response she should have. Like a waterfall falling all at once, when your deepest emotion is born. Soon cloudora squeezed bogs. Cloudora “you better not go anywhere or else!” her eyes flickered into darnellas. They ignited with fiery eyelashes. Bogs eyes lit up. Bogs “hey that might make me go away” darnella made a straight face.

Bogs laughed. Bogs “I cant promise you anything but what's in me” cloudora squealed. Cloudora “boggy woggy. Even if my cloud disappears, i'll think of you through the rain and winds!” bogs laughed. Bogs “I'll always see you in the queen of hearts my cloudy escape” cloudora sighed. Bogs “Maybe we should go after her” cloudora “no. give her time” bogs “ha. Time. Who had time for that?” mazee merla walked towards a large industrial city. She heard a mysterious mischievous voice from an alleyway.

A cat shadow appeared on the silver industrial walls. Mysterious sultry voice “here is where the shadows play, in between end and beginning, yet maybe the walls we're inside us all along” the shadow revealed catilela cat. Mazee merla didn't know if she should kill her or ask her if she needs milk. Catilela cat smirked. She slowly walked around mazee merla as her tail whipped around mazee merlas body. Catilela cat “I am the shadow cat, catilela cat but you never saw me as I am beyond your comprehension, a dimensional drifter that already drifted far off”

mazee merla laughed. Mazee merla “i comprehend that comprehension lies in not understanding and did you ever know how far you were? As long as we have shadows then we understand another” catilela cat chuckled. Catilela cat “don't get lost trying to find my shadow, it will take you in forever” mazee merla “heh heh. What takes me takes myself in me and I have better things to do than fall into your simple kitty games” catilela cat “that's what makes it complex” She sniffed mazee merla.

Mazee merla “i know you like fish but this fish strikes like a shark. Catilela cat giggled. Catilela cat “presumptions will end you. I was sniffing your energy. I feel a strange yet good spirit. One that may change it all” mazee merla “i'm still watching you promiscuous kat” Catilela cat chuckled. Mazee merla they heard people talking. Catilela cat jumped up and ran behind a wall. Catilela cat “this way!” mazee merla ran to the wall. Man's voice “no puff and stuffs, this isn't where you go pee” Cheerful voice “there's a wall so I will go now!” mans voice “no! That's!” old lady “stop peeing on me you fur ball!” mazee merla walked out. Catilela cat “suit yourself”

mazee merla “don't worry, it's nothing that can harm you, well in that way” bogs and cloudora saw her. Cloudora “mazee merla there!” they ran up to mazee merla. Bogs “even on land, you are fast” mazee merla chuckled. Mazee merla “it's just a different kind of swimming” Cloudora jumped up. Cloudora pushed out a peace sign and winked. Cloudora “the ocean can't hide from the clouds!” mazee merla smirked. Mazee merla “i strangely love you guys” bogs looked around. Bogs “is this thee mazee merla?” cloudora out her hands over her eyes and searched. Cloudora “possibly!”

mazee merla shook her head as she smiled. Catilela cat walked out. Catilela cat “what a family reunion” bogs froze in shock and wonder. Catilela cat looked at bogs in mystery. Catilela cat “meow, what do we have here?” She walked up to him with a sultry walk. Mazee merla “ahh yea, cat on cat huh” cloudora “you are like a super big version of bogs” catilela cat smirked. Catilela cat “it's the size of your magical wonder and making smallness big and this one has it. She purred as she approached his face.

Bogs shivered. Bogs “Ahem. I see you are a cat like me and we should purr together” catilela cat went to kiss him. Catilela cat smiled. Catilela cat “if I did then there would be no fun” She turned around. Catilela cat “besides, I'm not that harmless” bogs smirked. Bogs “I'm friskiness but I'm only frisky to one special lady right?” he walked up to cloudora and meowed. cloudora looked away in disappointment. Cloudora rolled her eyes. Cloudora “don't meow me mister!” bogs looked down. Bogs “Alas, being a ferocious kitty can be so hard”

mazee merla “anyway, we're looking for sciney serene” catilela cats eyes lit up. Catilela cat “how do you know her?” bogs “you know her?” catilela cat “how can you not know that slimy rag space one star off from a black hole” bogs laughed. Bogs “good one!” he looked at cloudora as she looked away. Bogs shook his head and arms. Catilela cat “i'll lead you to her for a price” bogs “if it's cat coins or kitty litter, i'm out” mazee merla “forget your greedy haggles, we'll find her” catilela cat smirked. Catilela cat “without greed, we wouldn't have desire and a girls gotta eat”

mazee merla “fine but it's not going to be much” catilela cat chuckled. Catilela cat “it depends on what you mean by that” She walked off. Mazee merla “i can barely stand one cat but another?” she followed her. Bogs “not my fault you can't handle this fine cat lad” cloudora walked off. Bogs sighed. He ran after them. They walked through alleyways. They heard orchestral music and a woman talking. Mazee merla knew who it was. They made it to a street. There was dancing people and robots on moving green energized platforms.

Cloudora jumped up and walked into the crowd. Catilela cat “what a amatur” mazee merla “to say someone is an ametuer reflects it” Bogs “damn that fury cloud!” he ran after her. Catilela cat “how quickly we follow our love blindly” mazee merla “isn't that when you see the real? It's our oblivious connections that show us the strength of it” she ran into the crowd. Catilela cat smirked. Catilela cat “why follow what you can't catch?” She ran after them. Cloudora began dancing with a silver robot with a cloud shaped head.

Cloudora smiled in joy. Cloudora “Let me see your mechanical work!” the robot uttered robotic tones. Robot “work your cloudy wonder with me!” bogs “There you are. Now you are talking to robot strangers?” cloudora “Better than cat felines” bogs “come on. She's one of me! I was talking” cloudora “more of a hot conversation!” mazee merla and catilela cat caught up to them. Mazee merla “it's a good thing you are a cat” bogs “why?” mazee merla “fur smell” bogs “wish you could do it”

mazee merla “i already have my fish smell” they looked up. Colonel greditch walked up to the robotic podium with sciney serene’s face on it. Ha wore black glasses. Colonel greditch “greetings my fellow dirty slaves of seemingly choice and minimum freedom! Always a worm and always will be! It is I, colonel greditch, your war hero and commander! Today is the day you witness history! A new world of complete perfection! Let me introduce the one who will make it all happen.

She is the scientific queen. Our new heroine and goddess, sciney serene!” colonel greditch “clap you dumbiltons!” everyone cheered. A proton and electron floated up behind the colonel. Each time she spoke electrical waves pulsated an image of her speaking. Sciney serene “what a joy to bring you a new discovery my little puny experiments of oblivion! The new interaction, pulseation! Through our pulses, we interact. By reflecting proton and electron interaction, we reflect and connect through our pulsating waves in our minds and bodies. Yes, I control all of you by flowing pulsating electrical energy through your minds with mine. all of your filthy impulses will meet and be mine! Soon your meaningless existence will end and you will become part of a new world, no, a new universe, sciana and you have the honor of being my sacrifice of it!”

everyone cheered. Mazee merla “you are the real slave, just a seemingly higher one of materialistic freedom!” sciney's image looked in the crowd. Sciney serene yelled. Scieny serene “I'd rather this one than yours pitiful dead battery. Get them!” surrounding people walked towards them with a zombified look. Bogs “it reminds me of when i'm looking at you cloudora!” cloudora smirked a little. Cloudora “were all zombies in our own way, the difference is our awareness inside, in that it is understood love!”

bogs spun jumped in the air as he threw electrified sword shaped pages. He landed on cloudoras cloud as it sparked electrical shockwaves. Cloudora “it's school time and i'm like your mother!” bogs jumped off and on the people and the cloud, making them fall. Bogs “I guess we interact back!” mazee merla spun around with her fin as the people flew into the air. Catilela cat swiped her tail and lunged it through them. she shot black shadow bullets into the air from her tail. Bogs was in shock. Bogs “That’s a big surprise from behind!” catilela cat smirked. Catilela cat “yet it was just as shocking in front of you!”

mazee merla slashed a woman behind catilela cat. Catilela cat “i had her” mazee merla smirked. Mazee merla “you did, in your end!” catilela cat chuckled. Catilela cat “you can't end what never was! Even death has a shadow” catilela cat “duck!” mazee merla “swan!?” catilela cat “not that kind!” mazee merla ducked to see a duck. Catilela cat wrapped her tail around a man with a knife about to stab mazee merla. She twisted his neck. Catilela cat “what a twist of karma” Mazee merla chuckled. Mazee merla “like the ocean, I always have a reflection” catilela cat nodded with a smirked.

Suddenly they felt a surge flow through their minds. Mazee merla “ahh! I can't move!” they heard sciney serene laughing inside their minds. Bogs “No! I can barely handle your over ecstatic claims of smartness already!” she appeared in front of them. Sciney serene “hahaha! I knew it was you, my favorite little experiments gone wrong!”  She slowly walked to catilela cat. Cloudora “you can't go wrong if there was no desired result science pants!” sciney serene giggled. Sciney serene “I've seen you before, like a scaredy cat, shrieking around the corners”

sciney serene lifted her up in the air with her arm. Mazee merla “how the hell can the science hag do that?!” sciney serene “behold the power of my reflecor, reflection of electricity! More real than a hologram, it is truly me from my original body! You can't escape science! It's too real not to feel! Heheheh!” Catilela cat whipped her face with her tail, creating a scar on her neck. catilela cat whispered. Catilela cat “you can't capture it either” scieny serene threw her into the ground. Sciney serene “you poor little nothingness. Take them away. They will light up my universe even more!”

“a seashell recorder floated to a statue of etero on the edge of a space shoreline. It played the song from when they first met. Eteros statue began flowing with tears.

Wave sang. wave “do you hear my silent waves of an innocent girl in a dream? Pushed away echos of young hopes and beyond no one believes in anymore, So many wonderful possibilities drifting away, locked inside my suffocating heart, come to the new real dream, I can show you something more real, an escape of weightless soulful freedom, a place without limitations, where we can imagine anything forever, can you show me something beyond this dream? The only thing between our dreams is contained youth and imagination, just imagine me and I'll be there”

etero sang. etero “Dream star, burning the brightest endless fantasy, the new dreamy reality that could never be, even though you just a dream, you pretended to be real like you never cared, you made me feel more real than reality, Can you drift me into something more, a place without borders and free? i'll show you what's above the surface, the realest wonder beyond that we can't deny, we'll make it more than reality and dreams”

the blue sapphire walls on each side of him began to close in on him. His statue began to crumble into a pile of sandy memories. The sand spoke inside. Sand “I am forming into what i've always been, here is where I can know where I came from, my true free release and return but I need you my wave of calming innocence! Will you be the one that helps me let go of this infinite insecurity?” he became a sandy figure. He walked through a world of sand pieces of times. Each one reflected memories of snowa fox. She flashed into wave. He rattled emotional sorrow and shock. He walked further through the dusty water storm. He made it to a large sandy rock mirror.

Going through sands of times, scattered memories stuck inside my broken heart, a sand storm of unclear reality and structure, past is future is me, where is the time of us now? I speak to you through the world and times! I'll show you who I really am, was and will be!” A glowing blue river flowed into him. The mirror reflected wave. Mirror “see yourself together through the pieces. The mirror shattered into pieces of sand that reflected an horizon of a sand and water sphere. In between them was him and wave, flowing through sandy rivers of memories and dreams. The sand at the shoreline waved as the water reflected sandy worlds. Etero “I am the sand, the water and reflection, remembering and letting go with the moving tides, where the waves go, so do I!”

Eteros eyes lit up with wonder. The sand hardened as he formed into himself again. He held out his hands with wide eyes. Etero “now I know who I am” he looked up. He saw the recorder flash an image of wave. Etero “wave?! I'm coming!” he walked towards the shoreline. He began walking faster. Etero “I know you can hear me. Make me swim over gravity!” he began running the fastest he's ever ran. As the wall crashed, a transparent figure fell into his arms as he jumped into the water. He felt it flow soulful dreams with every second. Etero “wave?” figure “save my soul!” etero “My soul is yours and forever. How can you be saved if you were never in trouble?!” The recorder floated to him.

Wave “i know if you are listening to this, I'm not there anymore. I knew how much Snowa fox was to you, I saw it in your stone eyes, crying inside with no way out, reflecting the frozen horizon with me, talking about other times we want to go to. I didn't want to give you this until I was gone so you wouldn't get sad but I guess that wasn't possible. so I hope you hear these final words. Tell bogs I love him and I'm still up two to one. play the song I sang when we were on the boat to remember me okay? etero, I.”

etero “What did you say my dreamy youthful beyond?!” the recorder morphed into a blue note that flew into the bright space. Musical notes vibrated waves in the space as wave was in the moon. There was a shoreline on the other side of it. Etero “wave!?” it showed her in a cell of darkness. A little girl was jumping from star note to note. The water from the shoreline waved towards the moon. It became higher as it got closer. A figure swam to the cell through infinite other ones of her different forms and lives. Etero “she is celestial melody, she is dreams of it all, playing in her musical escape deep inside, she calls me from the space shoreline, the divine end and beginning, reflecting with the deepest seas below, yet always in between”

her cell morphed through countless notes, words and worlds through oceans, stars and spaces. The moon reflected her in a blue moon. It began filling up with her dreams. Etero “Come on wave! Show me your secrets, your deepest wondrous soul chilling emotions, so you can wash my heart! Let me blow your darkest dreams! Reflect beyond yourself!” The waves hit the moon as wave screamed. the moon shattered. There were pieces of lunar glass all over as water flowed through them. Etero “well find your surface together inside, just breathe your everything freely. When the waves move, so does the reflection of the moon. It shined two lunar rivers into the sun. they flowed blue energy through another into a shape of a triangle. In between them were two mirrors on each side of another. One was water and the other was glass.

Wave “I'm sleeping on glass, floating cracks cutting the skin of my story, forever sinking in my own broken dreams, reflecting dark oblivious release and return, this isn't who I really am. I am not this breathless sorrow. I am my dream and reflection beyond!'' Suddenly the water flowed out of the mirror as a lunar glass mirror reflected light. Etero “Reflect who you are without, breathe out with your soul and heart!” wave swam back and forth through each mirror. The water mirror showed wave standing on water. The glass mirror showed her as a young girl talking to two lunar figures. The figures ignored her as the water began rising. Wave looked down.

The moon shifted into a lunar blue room with hanging crescent moons and blue spheres. There were words with water in them on the blue rose wall. It read “dear diary, speak with me my deepest secrets.i wish I could die so I could forget the pain of never being with him. There's no one like him. Around him, I feel like I can breathe underwater, like I can show everything without a care. He can never know when I watched my friend get washed away and did nothing. How could she leave me? I hope she forgives me. Here is my last and final secret that no one can know.


Sometimes I want him to suffocate me cause then I would breathe through him, as if I don't need to breathe wrapped in his arms” the words filled up the room and formed into a large A shaped monster of black words with sharp lunar glass teeth and c shaped black eyes. Wave shook her head. She clenched her fist. Wave “no! I am not scared of my own fears, my secrets anymore! I set you free!” light shined through both mirrors into the middle. the mirrors shattered as it formed into a blue figure. The figure in eteros hands slipped through him into the other figure. The figure swam to the space. It rippled the words as stars and music notes, im drifting here for you etero, can you hear me?” The sun shined into the heart shaped noose above.

Etero “I hear your voice in my soul! Each note plays with the beat of my heart! I feel your waves of your heart beat, forever echoing back and forth, as long as you are, you breathe. Beat your love beyond without beating! Without a heart! Shed your mind and heart, free your dream!”

he began swimming towards the space. Etero “I’m swimming in you!” The anchor passed by him. Etero “wave. I am your anchor!” wave was in a glass container and hung upside down with a noose around her neck. A blurry magician man in a black and white suit was standing next to her. Magican “gather around my fellow magical beings for he lies the dreamy queenie, lueama! watch her drown in her sorrow and self suffocating emotions forever!” she saw the sundallion come through the ocean space floor. Her soul ignited with joyful sorrow and familiar hope. The bottom of her glass formed into a noose shape. Suddenly a hand appeared from under it. Wave was hesitant to grab it but then she felt a wave resonate her soul with undeniable reconnection. He grabbed the hand as she fell through the noose. Ryen grabbed mirys hand as he pulled her out of a floating ocean. Wave breathed out coughing. Her blurry vision slowly became clear. Wave never felt a wave like now. It was like infinite soulful chilling dreams coming true.

Chapter fourteen

Wave “heh, I knew you we're coming in” etero smirked. Etero “just dropping in! You would know” wave laughed as she cried. Wave “etero! My long lost bolero of memorial love! My breath, my anchor!” she hugged him tight. Etero “wave, my deep sea that holds my heart, like a wave of a thousand dreams, chilling me with a tingling unseen warmth, one I could never let go” wave “how?” etero “i heard your graceful voice through every word and note. Like a familiar song of being reborn, watching a sunset of youthful horizons, slowly going to sleep but more awake than awakening itself” wave looked at him with admiration.

Wave “i'm going to do what I always wanted to do” Wave kissed him as they caressed another's body with passion. Etero “i must be dreaming” wave chuckled. Wave “does it matter? You make my reality ” etero “you make dreams more real than reality” Wave “i thought you hated me, for leaving you!” etero “wave “i do” wave looked at him in a shocked confused way. Etero “i do but in a loving way! You never left me as I felt your waves in my heart, every heartbeat echoed our love beyond!” Wave looked down with humility. Wave “etero. I bet everyone is mad at me. They probably don't want to talk to me again” 

Etero “no. They know that you are a wave.” They smirked at another. Wave “guess I was just gaining a bigger return, a release that never went anywhere. etero, my dreams for you flow more than the highest mountains, my love for you is stronger than the strongest ruby, if only you could know how much I mean it” etero “you've already shown me how much. There's no one that comes close to you, nothing that can ever divide you from my heart” wave shivered joy and love.

They began floating through a star ocean. Ryen hugged miry with all of his love and might. Ryen “Miry, my sea of dreams I see, you make me free, I won't let you drown again!” miry began crying with deep soul. Miry “oh ryen, my air for when I didn't have any, my hope for when there was none, you make me feel real, I will always be here to catch you!” a red fiery bullet flew by them. They looked to see bright sun like figures with black shadow cloaks. Ryen “let's go!” he grabbed her hand as they ran through the industrial space walls with suns and shadows around them.

Wave “etero, I did what I did because I'm scared of losing you, of everyone. All my life I've lost so much so I couldn't bear losing you. Forever waving in and out of my own memories and dreams, never coming out but only you have made me want to come to the surface for real” etero felt a surge of emotional chilling love through his bones. Etero “i was the same. I built up a wall to protect my heart, myself so I didn't have to feel the burden of being vulnerable. but you've shown me my real core and made me open my heart without fear. I know that you cannot let past experiences stop you from following your true desire as there's always a chance and the end is when it is known. For it to be, it must be let go, that's when it's forever”

wave smiled with warm energy. Wave “I'll never leave you again!” she held him tight. Wave “etero I. what's that?” they saw glass shards of stars and sapphires. Etero “Look!” The star and sapphire reflected two lighted aquatic figures appeared in between them. They crystallized into a young woman and man. The star and sapphire glimmered a vast neon forest in water. Wave and etero felt something deep within their hearts. Wave “i think it's us in another time” etero “what? How?” wave “maybe this is the space of memorial dreams, where our other possibilities and lives meet” Etero “where other dreams meet huh.”

the man gave the woman an item. Etero “wait. Is that the sundallion?” the woman smiled. They both looked at etero and wave. Wave and etero saw themselves flash in their face. Etero and wave “it's us!” etero “isn't it so magical how we have so many dreams so far away?” Wave “that soul chilling feeling of comforting memories, an eerie flow of mystery and freeing love that could be, that is true life” etero “it isn't the heartbeat but what it connects to, even the in between beats” They saw themselves asleep floating in an ocean.

They reflected light from their heads into a star and sapphire. Suddenly a woman and man appeared in them. Eteros eyes lit up. Etero “miry and ryen!” wave looked at him in wonder. Wave “miry? Ryen?” etero looked down. Etero “they are, our dreamers.” Wave paused. She couldn't believe it yet it made sense. Wave “so she is the one keeping me alive.” etero “Yea and he is keeping me going” wave “i feel such a strange connection with her. Like I am her” Etero “let's help them! To return to yourself, you have to face yourself!” the sapphire splashed into countless of them as it made a path. The star shined countless other ones above the sapphires.

Wave “it was like it was always there.” etero “how dramatic” wave smirked. Wave “still a hard head huh?” etero laughed. Etero “hard in understanding. You still as snarky as ever” wave smirked. Wave “just sweetly sharp” they swam through the pathway. They made it to a large eye. One side was half of a star face and the other side was a half of a shadow figure with it's arms reaching for the sun. etero “i guess this is where we see the real, where shadows meet the light.” wave “like us, struggling between dark and light, for control, for escape, trying to coexist with another, they seperate, yet never realizing that they are one”

etero “the shadow is the light beyond, it is its shade, hiding away at the end of it all but more exposed than the light could ever show, shining the brightest reflection inside” the shadow became the star as the star became the shadow. They merged into another as it became a black star that flowed bright light into spaces. The eye opened up. A path with shining stars on each side shined onto the black shadow ceiling and floor, emitting bright worlds. Wave “like walking through shadows of memories and dreams, seeing what is truly behind it all” they walked into a bright light.

Suddenly they we're in a large star city. Their eyes lit up. Etero felt a strong surge through his veins. Like he was here before. Etero “is this viory, the city of memories? It can't be.” wave “where memories are born and die?” etero nodded. Etero “I've only heard of it in fairy tales” wave saw something. Wave “let's find out” she ran to a triangular dreamcycle with blue wave wings that glowed neon red and blue around it. Wave ran to it. Etero “there you go again” wave was in awe of the bike. She got on it. Wave “you coming?” etero “I'm already there.” he got on the bike.

The bike shot off blue and red energy blast from the exhaust as it rode off. They passed tall star shaped buildings with neon rays of blue and red flying around. The road was bright rays that swirled. There were stars with hands and feet with antlers around them in the space sky. They had innocent small eyes with rays around them. They reflected bridges of light above them from buildings and the space. Etero “you make my memories so alive, like I'm reliving them again with dreamy wonder, you bring out the shine of it all beyond” wave smiled. Wave “I feel as if I have memories burning inside when I see your eyes, like stars that bring me to the surface of infinite deep real dreams”

etero “you see that?!” they saw light ray bullets flying from on rooftop to the other. Etero “is that miry? Wave sped up to them. Miry slowly moved to the edge. Miry “to the end ryen!” she fell back. A glass in the building shattered as ryen flew out of it and grabbed her in a triangular shaped golden bike with blue wings and sharp sun rays around it. It had two blue rays in front of it's head. Countless shadow figures broke out of the windows and race up to them. Etero “we can't stop meeting like this can we?”

ryen felt a surge of familiar energy flow through his soul. Ryen “how do I know you?!” etero “how do you know you?” wave “if you yappers are done talking, we can go!” etero “i'm waiting on you miss complaining sea!” they rode off as they dodged ray light bullets. Etero slashed flaming meteors at them. One rode up in between them. Etero and Ryen jumped off towards their bike. Etero slashed through one of them and ryen spun kicked the other one off the bike. They jumped onto another's bike.

Etero “I'm ryens double and your new guide!” mirys eyes lit up. Miry “I'll guide myself thank you!” ryen “trying to switch it up it seems” wave “makes no difference to me. I was getting tired of him anyway” ryen smirked. Wave “we got turbulence coming up!” etero “it's just shaky smoothness of fun!” There were countless shadow suns shooting at them with a large metal sun war tank with black eyes in front of them. Etero and miry turned into an alleyway. Etero slashed through the buildings as he killed countless shadow suns. Wave flew into the air and off the bike. She jumped from building to building, slashing through shadow suns.

She jumped back onto the bike as it landed onto a shadow sun. wave “i guess I have to wave goodbye” she slashed the shadow sun as she played her swito. It resonated electrical musical notes that shocked it. Countless shadow suns came falling towards her. Wave smirked. Wave jumped up and spun around as she swung around her swity back and forth in a crescent motion. she landed back on her bike. All of the shadow suns became cut up. Etero saw a large shadow sun jump off the building onto them.

He impaled it with his sword. Etero “I didn't even have to lift you up” he threw it towards more shadow suns that rode towards him. Ryen “here comes real excitement!” etero “heh, nothing can excite me now!” they saw a large black wall in front of them. Etero slammed his sword into the ground and slid across it into the air. He slashed fire boulders are oncoming shadow suns. He landed next to wave. Wave “you know me!” etero “this wavingness is getting overplayed!” countless shadow suns formed into another.

It became a large shadow sun with large eyes, with the top part like a sun and bottom part, like a void. It grew as big as the end of it all. Miry “could it get any darker?!” wave “you have no idea honey” the city began to close in on them. Etero “wave it away!” wave “i'm about to wave you beyond!” etero “everyone, envision light!” miry “yes! Know that the shadow is your reflection of light! Shine with your soul, your darkness!” They closed their eyes and ignited their hearts inside. lights emitted from the shadow as it burned through the city. They opened up their eyes to see a phasy shadow eclipse in front of them. Miry felt a surge of familiar memories run through her veins. Miry “could this be, the entrance to the real world?” eteros eyes lit up. Etero “how do you say that?” miry “look at it from inside”

Everyone's heart reflected the shadow. Behind the shadow was an ocean of the other world. Wave “so what everything is always inside, reflecting outside as one” etero “so everything is always in everything. When What we think and feel echoes, it echoes from it all, always in between. Ryen “the in between is just what is one, catching up to the end where it already is, like how the shadow is the sun” mirys eyes lit up with hope, is if her biggest dream has come true. Miry “so this is it ryen, we can finally become real!” Ryen smiled. Ryen “i know. It still seems like a dream” they began walking to it.

Etero “wait!” they stopped. Etero “this isn't going to be easy so don't come at me” he looked at wave with a deep breath. Etero “ryen, you are my dreamer” ryen and miry froze in confusion. Ryen “dreamer? So that's why I always saw you in my dreams but how?” etero'' I don't know but I know that if you go into the real world and wake up, I will perish” ryen “no! That can't be!” etero “besides that, miry, you are waves dreamer” miry slowly fell into herself. Miry “what?! i'm my own dreamer! Why can't we have our own real life!?”

etero and wave looked down. Miry “I've been dreaming for so long, waiting to awaken but at what cost? Do we deserve it? Who am I? Am I even my own?!” she ran off crying. ryen “we all deserve it! There has to be a way!” Wave walked up to miry and put her hand on her shoulder. Wave “i am just like you, always suffocating in my own dreamy pain, wishing to reach the surface but I stay in my ocean of safety, never breathing, never staying” miry looked up at her sobbing.

She hugged her tightly. Miry “thank you. If it wasn't for you, I wouldn't have been able to experience this dream, this possibility” wave “same to you. Thank you so much” wave shed a tear. Miry “don't cry as then I will” they chuckled. Etero kept trying to grab ryen shoulder but Ryen moved before he could. Ryen “this doesn't make sense. I love her and I am me. How can I never be able to be real? You can't tell me that love isn't real!” etero “reality isn't as good as you think it is and sometimes, dreams are more real in their infinite wonder, when it's beyond it”

Ryen “What makes it realer than anything else? They are one with different constructs but still, I want to experience it that way for once” wave “etero, you cannot go” etero slowly looked at her with wonder. Etero “I don't want to hear that out of you” wave “I mean that you are in the dream world. When you do, you become like us. She walked up beside him. Wave “if you go, you will die!” etero froze. Etero “I'm a dream?” miry “what you live in becomes you” etero clenched his fist. Etero “I don't care, as long as I can be with you forever” wave started at him in joy and sadness.

Etero “go now ryen!” ryen “no! I won't let you die” etero “it's okay, I'm sick of reality anyway yet it's all in everything in me” wave “go miry” miry shook her head with watery eyes. Wave “don't' make me get angry” she shed a tear. Miry looked down. Miry “no. you have to come” wave “i will see you again in your dreams!” ryen grabbed mirys hand. He nodded at her. They walked to the shadow circle. They looked at etero and wave. They nodded and smiled as they jumped through the portal. Wave “etero, I can't be with you” etero chuckled. Etero “you better after all this underwater insanity i've done!” Wave smirked. Wave “no I mean you are still real. Soon you will perish from your reality and dream canceling another out. Their both pulling you apart but don't worry, I was never meant to be anything more than a dream, forever breathing in nothingness”

etero “wave, as long as you dream, I dream, as long as I am real, you are through me” wave “go now! I can't handle you here anymore!” etero “never! It's like a sun without the moon, lungs without air! I could never!” he felt something in his chest. He looked down to see the swito inside his heart. He grabbed it as blood leaked out. He whispered. Etero “wave? Why?” he took out the blade. Wave “i don't know! I never wanted this! I can't even cry! I told you to stay away!” etero fell down. Wave caught him. Etero smirked. Etero “just like old times ehh?” he coughed up blood. Wave held his hand.

Wave “etero! Im sorry! This is the only way to get you away from me!” etero “you didn't have to go all kamikaze on me” wave smiled. Etero “as long as it was you, i'm okay with it. Just stay with me for now, this is all I have left” wave hugged him tightly. Wave “oh etero! I'll stay here till the end!” etero “looking through your eyes is like a thousand dreams come true. You showed me who I really was” Wave “To just dream of you etero was everything. I won't ever throw away this dream ever! I'll be it just as long as I can dream of you!” etero “i'll dream you on the other side” wave smirked. Etero’s hand fell down. Wave “etero, just wait, i'll reach the surface for you soon!”

Chapter fifteen

Darnella was yelling. Darnella “you damn over smart monkey zealots! Nothing can hold me back!” she waved her hands as fire waves with little angry faces flew into the metal bars. They shimmered black and silver energy. Darnella “hmm? Is that an anti magic barrier of gravitational transfusion? Not too shabby but won't last long!” mazee merla “can she ever just speak without being a psychotic loudmouth?” bogs “haha. Well you know darnella, she loves yelling but it is getting rather irritating” bogs felt warmth around him. Darnella “i heard that! Don't play with fire if you don't want to get burned and your hair is perfect for a fire show!”

they were on silver and green platforms with green energy flowing through each sphere. The walls were the same. bogs eyes lit up. darnella “someone has to put on a grand show!” mazee merla “more like a bright nightmare” darnella “come on mister kat man, can't you crawl through the bars?” bogs “yes but I want to rot in here with you forever” darnella gave a wicked smile. Darnella “you better stop before the love makes me burn this place down!” bogs touched in between the bars. His hand appeared from the wall behind him. Mazee merla “well that's like you, always reaching for yourself” bogs smirked.

Bogs “am I wrong?” darnella “damn. It's an holographic mirror reflector. It reflects you as a hologram back to you” bogs “how do we get through it queen science bra” darnella smirked. Darnella “well i've got it” mazee merla “you make me wonder” darnella “it's no fun when you are normal but isn't that an accepted popular oddity?” bogs “indeed, the real oddity is not being it!” mazee merla rolled her eyes.
Darnella closed her eyes. She waved her hands in a circular motion. A blue circular symbol appeared on the wall. It had blue flames on one side, red flames on the other side and a golden eye above them with a pyramid in the middle. Mazee merla “there she goes, making symbols on walls” the fire lit up as the blue flames flowed through them. They reflected a light through the pyramid into the eye. She turned around and stuck out her butt through the symbol. Darnella put her hand over her surprised wide open mouth. Darnella “oh no! Looks like I'm stuck! Can you help me?!”

bogs “what is she thinking this time?” a silver cylinder shaped mechanical robot with green metal flower hands and legs teleported into the prison with darnella. The robot had one green eye and one robotic black eye of it's silver and green round head. It had bunny like ears with one of a flower ear and the other a circuit. It launched it arm towards darnellas butt. Darnella quickly bent back and shocked it. Darnella “Aren't you a cute little flower error. beating reflection with reflection, oh the irony” she pushed the red and blue buttons on its back. They surged energy into another and through the place. the prison bars disappeared.

Everyone ran out. Bogs “You make trickery sexy” darnella blushed. Darnella bent over and petted bogs. Darnella “destroying with sexual allurement is how I roll!” mazee merla chuckled. Mazee merla “not conventional but effective” darnella giggled. Darnella “got to spark up the usual! it is conventional, just a darker rare kind. Besides, what is conventional for one is unconventional for another, what we deem acceptable is only one side of infinite” mazee merla “an unconventional conventionality hmm?” darnella “there you go!” bogs “I can't always win with the same hand. It's so much more fun when you go further!”

mazee merla “okay you chaotic lovers, let's go!” they ran past the jail cells. Bogs stopped. Darnella “i know you like to be trapped by me but now's not the time!” bogs “my trapped escape. no. look!” they ran back to him. A creature moaned at the jail cell. Everyone jumped back. Darnella “flipping froggies in hot water” was a large black and white monkey human with an open heart. It had dark cells with teeth in it. It had parasitic eyes that dropped around. two brain tentacles swung around from its head. It was in a glass tube of green water with connectors in it. It led to a large square shaped computer machine. On the screen was a mind and heart above a black cell. A display of a universe birthing and dying repeated as it reflected data into the black cell, mind and heart. The creature had a sad and painful look on its face yet seemed conscious.

Darnella “you are the cutest nastiest thing i've ever seen!” Mazee merla “this is like us, experimentations of society and acceptance, deemed normal and pure, like a shadow in the night, unnoticed, is there no difference between disease and health?” darnella “there is, our understanding and freedom, it isn't what is deemed sick or healthy, it is it's soul and self” bogs “what if the experimentations are the real thing? poor thing, not even aware of what's happening” darnella “isn't everything consciousness of itself? How else could it be if it wasn't? Mazee merla “so consciousness isn't only our senses but our reflection. Like a rock, it feels the pain of itself and it's experience.

Darnella “maybe we're not conscious, just conscious we're beyond that. Mazee merla “the consciousness of none” bogs “ahh, isn't the wonder of life's ever spiraling paradoxes confusing yet marvelous? Still, they are not themselves, just used pieces for sick cruel souls of insecurity!” he looked down. Bogs “Is this all we are? No! I won't be just an experiment with no true self!” he ran off in a rage. Darnella “mr boggleton?!” she ran after him. Mazee merla “never saw him mad like that.” she ran towards them. Bogs saw two guards in front of the silver mechanical stairs with green orbs radiating rivers of chemicals through the walls.

The woman guards had a silver metal helmet on with green and red eyes that lit up. They had silver plates on their legs and arms with green fluid flowing through them. Bogs “This should be easy” he jumped on one of their shoulders. Bogs “I just needed a shoulder to lean on maam” The guard shrieked. He jumped onto the other one's shoulder. guard two yelled as she tried to grab him. Guard “you little pest!” Bogs “here to here, you keep twirling yourself into your own hurricane. I'm just a cat but can you catch me?!”

bogs ran off. Guard two “who let the cat in here!?” guard one pretended to shake with fear. Guard two “what?” guard one “i guess guards shake when they get attacked?! Woman up!” guard two'' I was pretending and part of my scare tactic. woman down!” guard one shook her head. Guard one “come on or are you too afraid?” guard two laughed. Guard two “what is that word?” They ran after bogs. Guard one shot her silver triangualr shaped gun with red, blue and green spheres at the ends. The spheres emitted electricity into the middle as an electrical black sphere flew out to bogs.

It stopped behind him. He felt himself being absorbed. Bogs ran faster but stayed in place. Bogs “it seems I'm in a predicament again. I guess I can't stop being trouble” Guard one laughed. Guard one “you thought you could get away little frisky kitty?! The cutest hopeless ones are the best kind to capture!” they reached for him. Guard two stopped. Guard two “you shot him with the gravenel so you get him” guard one “i did my part and now you must do yours!” guard two shakingly reached for bogs. Guard one “come on! You are a top soldier for queen sciney serene! Show her!” guard two squinted her eyes with fear and disgust.

She grabbed bogs. She turned upside down and was hanging in the air. She screamed. Guard one “what kind of tricks are you doing now!?” guard two “i didn't do anything!” bogs ``surprisingly it isn't me this time!” mysterious voice “never count out the shadows” Guard one shot out spheres into the rafters. The shadow moved along the wall. Guard two swung into the wall as bogs fell down. Guard one grabbed him. Guard one “you would make a great pet!” bogs laughed. Bogs “You would become mine” she blushed. A shadow wave flew into the guard as she flew into the wall. Bogs fell down.

Mysterious voice “they are closer than you think” Bogs “catilela cat?!” catilela cat “the shadows are never just here” bogs chuckled. Bogs “I knew it was you with your sultry mischievous dramatic one liners” catilela cat laughed. Catilela cat“that is just my trick!” mazee merla and cloudora ran into the room. Bogs “Just on late time!” cloudora jumped up. “the right time was just an illusion in a cloud! Catilela cat!” mazee merla shook her head. Mazee merla “playing in the shadows again?” she walked up the stairs.

Cloudora “always to the point” catilela cat smirked. Catilela cat “just watching it all unfold. sometimes you are the real shadow” she walked up the stairs. Bogs “what's with everyone being emotionally slick?” cloudora “moons. Uhm, emotional season. Shadows. Everyone's emotions are coming together, coming out. Bogs looked at her with oddity. Bogs “you are just saying random words” cloudora “their just an ordered randomness!” bogs laughed. Bogs “Let’s go”

they ran up the stairs. Bogs “Up there!” They saw a spiral staircase of metal stairs in front of two large high tube shaped metal earth towers. There were green holographic bridges that flowed green water in between the windows. It had red and green spheres all over it that sparked electricity. They snuck into the stairwell. A guard saw a shadow and ran after it. The shadow became catilela cat as she sung her tail up and down and around at the guard. He fell down. Catilela cat “tsk tsk. Your friskiness has got you”

she ran up the stairs. Bogs “Must be catilela cat!” cloudora “Anyone that is dead must be from her” bogs smirked. Bogs “not everyone. Got to give her one percent of chance” cloudora chuckled. They ran up the stairs. A guard yelled as he fell down by them. Cloudora “oh dear, it's raining men and pain!” bogs “Your dream!?” cloudora laughed. Cloudora “more like hard headed nightmare floods! My dream is already here!” bogs “It seems like the dream never ends and that's real!” the stairs began to crumble.

Bogs “it's never a dull moment with me ehh?!” guards flew down on jetpacks that blew out green electrical reflections of a red orb. One tried to grab cloudora and bogs. Bogs slid under cloudora as she ducked. Cloudora “Enjoying it down there?” bogs smirked. Bogs “like going through a thousand rainbows!” bogs jumped on her back and backflipped kicked the guard. Cloudora swung her butt around and into a guard as the guard flew into the wall. Bogs “that thing is a dangerous weapon!” cloudora “the most unsuspecting thing is the most deadly! Back goes back! it's a real bumping surprise!”

bogs “okay miss speedbump!” stairs fell down as they jumped onto the next ones. They jumped off the final set of stairs as they landed onto a large roof. They saw mazee merla and catilela cat. Mazee merla “what a grand rise” cloudora “even the cloud rises in it's falling freedom!” mazee merla smirked. They heard laughing. They ran to catilela cat. Manically laughing. Cunning sultry voice “the funny thing about science is, it is what it isn't. Like a snake, slithering deception and when you find out the truth, it becomes another lie” Bogs “sciney serene! where the hell are you science witch!” sciney serene “ I speak to you through inflection and this sequence, our interaction of ourselves. Catilela cat “i sense her crawling through my skin!” something flickered in front of them. Sciney serene “hahaha! Isn't it ironic how what you thought was far away was in front of you all along?”


suddenly a green and red circular electrical orb appeared. They had three metal and earthly tentacles. They wrapped around a large triangular shaped computer machine with a screen. Catilela cat “she's here through the energy, the pulses!” sciney serene flickered in between the orbs. Sciney serene “I am the in between! The chemicals and thoughts you don't see! It's all physical reflections, it's only your blind crutch to your senses that prevents you from seeing what's really there!”

mazee merla “what's here is there in it's reflection. What you do, it all does” Sciney serene laughed in a sinister tone. Sciney serene “not bad for an insect human!” cloudora waved her wand. Cloudora “we are not insects, we are humans of feelings and mind!” sciney serene “the jellyfish has no mind yet it's intelligence lies in it's traits and secret entwining relation. Everything has feelings and a mind, it is only in it's own clever way. What you call mind is nothing more than the idea and source of life and science.

It lies in everything in every way. A tree doesn't have our perceived view of a mind yet it does in it's connection and interaction” bogs “Enough of your third grade science lessons. they were innocent people and you experimented on them!” sciney serene giggled. Sciney serene “innocent? They shouldn't have been so vulnerable” bogs and cloudora fumed in anger. Cloudora “you need to go to science annomunus!” mazee merla chuckled. Mazee merla “messing with living creatures is against the nature of science. and you call yourself a scientist!?

sciney serene giggled. Sciney serene “nature is just the tip of it all. if it happens then it is it's nature but that mother is a tricky thing. Sometimes what's natural is the real disease. I am no scientist, I am something more your cerebral cortex could never understand!” cloudora “we understand in being it! The more you understand, the less you do as it's always just you and there in your own way!” sciney serene “what does it matter? see this machine? This is the interactor. It takes all data of life and science and flows it into the proton and electron eyes above me.

It displayed humans on the screen. Scieny serene “you see, we all have millions of cells inside of us” millions of cells appeared in the humans. Sciney serene “what they become depends on what they absorb and connect to. Emotions, memories, these all affect and effect them. By flowing data of my mind and dreams into them, they mutate into my world. The cells and humans grew parasites that reflected smokey lights of life and death in between another. Sciney serene “you see science and everything is a repeating contradiction of life and death, forever moving on and not. Everything was always there, it just needed a little alteration and sickness to evolve and become.

The cell of the mind of it all. Sickness is when you realize who you are, the deepest darkest reflection of your heart and life. Only when you are at your lowest do you have no choice but to shift farther than you ever have. Like the citizens. I've given them a diseased cure, a new way of life, a different healthiness. Soon they will ask for another cure and I will give them what they ask for. I will give them food of no substance. They will live lives of choicless choice slavery. I will give them facts that control them. What they watch, what they think, all processed and contained.

They will obey our every order, no matter the pain and soullessness. Life is just other sides of corrupted peace. What they don't know won't hurt them.” mazee merla laughed. Mazee merla “what you don't know hurts the most as it's the truth” sciney serene “You should thank me for saving them and soon your miserable sick existence” bogs “you didn't save them from anything but their healthy life. Cloudora “it's just another diseased paradise!” Mazee merla “so facts are all facts of infinite times and everything is sick and healthy. Still, it's not that it's sickness but the one we live for! The one of true soul!”

sciney serene “hahaha! The most lovely wonder is how what we think is pure isn't. How even what seems perfect is another imperfection. You will soon become cleansed of filthy purity and be a part of my new universe, a place where there are no diseases or cures, only beyond science and everything!” bogs “the only thing you are beyond is reality and sense!” cloudora “Sickness does invigorate change and cleanliness but not that kind. There is no change without the cure, in your own sick decision!” mazee merla “ sciney serene “without disease, there is no cure, no progress! I'll show you the grandest disease you could ever feel!”

the screen displayed sciney serenes mind. Data of parasitic sorrow and memories flew into her mind. It flowed into the electron and proton and into sciney serene in between. Sciney serene “yes, flow disease of power and deadly change through me. Here is the beginning of science and life, the first and last darkest life that is everything!” she became larger and darker. She had cut up parasitic cells with black eyes on each side of her like wings. Two parasitic black flowers erupted from her head. Her eyes were bright poisonous green and had long dark red tentacles as hair. Green liquid flowed through her body.

Cloudora “Aren't you a cute little mutant!?” sciney serene laughed maniacally. Scieny serene “I am your most beautiful disease, come back into your sickness where you came from!” her flowers wrapped around cloudora. Sciney serene “yes, squeezing your inner pains is my cure! Let out what's inside!” cloudora struggled to get out. Cloudora “the more you squeeze me, the more I am free!” cloudora reflected a holographic light of stars and memories in between her and sciney serene.

Cloudoras eyes lit up. Cloudora saw a herself running after a young girl. Cloudora “batra getcha?! Sis!” scieny serene “you see that? There is a whole other world in between it all!” bogs and catilela cat jumped in wonder. bogs and catilela cat spun around and jump slashed through the flowers as they fell off. Catilela cat smirked. Catilela cat “double the cat, double the odd stellar fun!” bogs nodded. Bogs lifted up cloudora. Bogs “who's a good kitty?” cloudora tried not to laugh. Cloudora “you are my good kitty but you could've been faster” bogs “i had to see you jiggle a little.” she smirked. Cloudora “I saw my sister in between her.

She's inside me, trying to tell me something. were afraid to let our past go” bogs “it's okay. What's inside is outside, you just have to let those memories go and know she is with you” cloudora smiled. A tentacle whipped in front of them. Sciney serene “sorry to break you out but I couldn't resist!” her eyes glowed green as they shot out green lasers towards everyone. Catilela cat, mazee merla and bogs flipped around them as cloudora waved her wand and created a bright light wall in front of her. One laser hit catilela cat. Catilela cat felt tired. Like a poison of intoxicating nightmares and past pains came flowing through her veins. 

Catilela cat “through poison, I flow my soul and resolve no matter what!” sciney serene “let the poisonous escape take you over!” mazee merla dodged green flask rockets that flew out of the parasitic eyes. they exploded into little green slimy round creatures with pieces of mechanical robots. They had cellular eyes and a tentacle with a green cloud at the end. Sciney serene “this is what you are! Living scum of dark memories and dreams!” mazee merla “the real mutation is your evolved slime of bones and skin!” the slimes jumped on mazee merla. She spun around slashing them one by one.

cloudora erupted as dark and light clouds and stars exploded around her. Bogs “You always crash the party at the right moment miss feisty pandora's cloud!” darnella let out her leg and put her hand on her hip. Darnella “it's just what I am! I always come in like a big bang!” the screen displayed a dark apocalyptic end of a futuristic world. It became data as it entered the mind.

Sciney serene “you can't escape the end!” dark asteroids and pieces of machinery flew towards everyone. darnella turned around as she dodged them and bent backwards. Darnella smirked. Darnella “who says it's the end you pompous experiment gone wrong!?” She gathered energy from musical notes of planets and stars in between them. Darnella “here's a science lesson for you! Birelodova!” the energy blasted through sciney serene. Sciney serene screamed in agony. Sciney serene “the wonderful curing pain! Like white blood cells getting lost in a virus, It just grows my sickness and pain!”

mazee merla put her sword up to her throat. Mazee merla “give me the pleasure of washing it away!” she spun her fin around as sciney serene flipped upside down in the air. Mazee merla spun slashed her parasites of her. she fell back off the ledge. Darnella “you got the final blow again” mazee merla “yes but you gave it spark” darnella smirked. Darnella “I can't help being so extravagant!” Darnella sighed. Darnella “kinda sad it's over” catilela cat “don't be so sure, the most silent moments are before the storm!” A large parasitic ship with two crescent shaped metal cells on each side that overlapped appeared in front of them. There were two cellular metal crescent shaped cells pointing up with green cell wings.

Green energy flowed through the proton and electron eyes on its back and front. Sciney serene stood on the top. Sciney serene “muhahaha! Like paradoxes, my end becomes the beginning! Isn't science great? It's forever in it's clever yet simple contraindications!” the ship blasted off into space. Darnella “now the chemical reaction is coming alive!” mazee merla “isn't science a tricky little witch? One minute it's gone and the next it's back as if it neve left!” catilela cat “the only thing that can beat it is itself” bogs “everything is forever canceling each other and not, just one process that keeps multiplying into nothing”

darnella “enough science talk!” she spun around and waved her wand. It shined a bright dark light. Dark clouds with lightning bolt wings appeared in front of everyone. Bogs “Are you a cloud cause you make my heart float” darnella laughed. Darnella “a cloud of another one that you'll never know” they jumped onto the clouds as the lightning bolts sparked. They flew through space towards sciney serene. A circular light of dust and stars reflected from everyone's heart as they flew through them. Darnella saw worlds of her and cloudora floating on clouds.

 Bogs saw himself as a human talking to sciney serene in a neon lit bar. catilela cat “are these our innermost emotions and reflections?” mazee merla saw flowing blue energy flow from her mind into her surroundings. She saw a little girl sinking. She felt like she was sinking. A depressing tragic feeling like everything is slowly being pulled away. Mazee merla “sis! No!” a green transparent woman figure sucked in her sis and laughed with soul chilling wonder. She slowly became a cell that reflected another world. darnella “what is inside is outside. We are living mirrors, reflecting whats inside, yet most of us keep what hurts us from escaping”

bogs “in between ourselves and the empty spaces is where we come together, where our true reflections and souls can interact. This cannot be seen as the connection is inside” catilela cat “it is the vision of the reflections and connections, not our perceived senses. What makes what we see any more real or there?” darnella chuckled. Darnella “are you really seeing it or is it just a receptor of what never was?” mazee merla “anyway, let us move on! It isn't the time!” they flew through memories and thoughts.

Bogs “Here comes a sticky situation!” thousands of green slime comets came towards them. Everyone flew around them. Bogs jumped over them and landed onto his cloud. Darnella shot green lightning bolt clouds with slimy eyes on them at the slime. Darnella “time to get slimy!” mazee merla “the slime is eating the clouds” darnella “your glutton button freaks!” bogs “Their almost gone!” the slime formed into another as it became a slimy dragon with metal wings. The dragon roared. catilela cat “someones feeling stuck!” the dragon flew towards them.

It chased catilela cat as she spun around and flipped on and off from her cloud. Bogs looked at catilela cat. She nodded as they jumped onto the dragon. They slashed through it with their tails as mazee merla slashed through it from below and darnella swung her wand down as a bright light sparked through it. Catilela cat “feel my purrs of the dark eternity from the shadows as if I never did it!” bogs “hey miss cat, you aren't the only cool cat here!” mazee merla “it's the unexpected surprise you never saw coming!'' Darnella shook her head.

Darnella “uh hello, if it wasn't for my clouds, you'd be slime food! Besides, it's not how you begin but the brightest end!” the dragon began forming again. Bogs “yea, we got a repeating problem” darnella “like an ex or pain, it always comes back!” they flew towards the ship. The dragon got closer as it gathered energy in its mouth. As it shot a large green eye ball of energy, everyone jumped through the hanger of the ship. Bogs slowly flew back. Catilela grabbed him with her tail.

Bogs “heh, just hanging in the shadows” catiela laughed as he jumped up and into the ship. Darnella touched her head. Darnella “being a beautiful loose cannon is hard work” They walked through the ship. On each side of the silver metal walls, there were glass tubes. In one were humans and in the other we're moons. In between them was a proton emitting energy. Bogs “what is she up too now?” mazee merla “perhaps she's taking in the energy of the humans reflections” darnella began steaming.

Darnella “she needs to look at herself first before taking others' reflections!” bogs “You hear that?” darnella “ahh the sound of curiosity and my beauty!” catilela cat “everything isn't about you honey” darnella bent over and put her hands on her hips. Darnella “it is to me!” mazee merla “i only hear a siren” it grew nearer. Catilela cat “did I call the science ambulance again?” bogs laughed. He slowly stopped laughing. Bogs “If this is what you mean by ambulance then I guess you did!” They turned around to see a large machine parasite with flashing red lights all over him. Darnella “I thought I needed a warning label” it was a spheric formed creature with metal and amoeba arms and legs. One eye was red and the other was green below it. It's mouth opened up as a siren sound echoed through them.

Darnella “someone call the crybulence!” everyone saw red memories of pain and fears on the dark walls. Darnella “i can't move and you know the world will end!” mazee merla “it seems it's our own memories of emergencies that are holding us down!” catilela cat “is there an emergency or just another accelerated moment of the same? There is no panic to what is life and you because that's all it is” Bogs “the real emergency is what we do not fear” the creature appeared from the wall and began sucking in everyone.

Darnella “Haha! I thrive in emergencies!” Darnella spun around and laid back. She shot her wand as water sprayed from everywhere. The creature melted into itself. Darnella “sorry to water everything down but It was too dry” they all ran up the stairs and onto the roof. Their eyes stopped. A large red and green proton was spiraling energy above sciney serene. Sciney serene laughed maniacally. Sciney serene “like parasites, you never die but I don't mind killing you over and over forever!” bogs “You are the parasite, leeching onto others! The one that needs to get out of my sight!”

sciney serene “hehehe! Even when you aren't leeching, you are. You are leeching away my dreams, onto safety and comfort!” darnella “it doesn't count as it's more of a nightmare!” mazee merla “as long as it isn't from another then it doesn't matter” catilela cat smirked. Catilela cat “how can you leech off yourself?” sciney serene “like gravity, like life and death, there is no escaping it. You should know bogs, or should I say, dr, boggings” darnella looked at bogs in confusion. Darnella “what is she talking about?”

bogs “She's lost in her scientific obsession!” sciney serene giggled. Sciney serene “someone has forgotten how you are you” bogs shook his head. They showed a tall human in a black lab coat. He had brown eyes and short black hair. They were on top of a mountain. A young woman with long silver hair and blue eyes was next to him. She wore a long white and green dress and wore glasses. Woman “are you sure you want to do this dr boggings?” dr boggings rubbed her back and kissed her. Dr boggings “i've never been so sure! science has never failed me before! I want the best for you and me. That's why this experiment must work! It will make us immune to any disease.

All we have to do is infuse memory cells of health into our white blood cells. That way, everytime we get a virus, the cells will remember the cure, us together!” the woman nodded with fear and excitement. Dr boggings “Trust me, this doctor of tricks never takes a chance on what won't work” he kissed her as he caressed her hair. She walked into a tube shaped cell. Dr boggings walked to his tube shaped cell. Dr boggings “it's all or nothing. Don't fail me now science!” he pushed a green button on the large machine. He ran into his cell.

The memories of health and cures flowed like data into each other's bodies on the screen. The mind and cell above it transferred energy through another and into them. The tubes began smoking. Dr boggings looked around in wonder. The woman panicked. Woman “What's going on dr!?” dr boggings “every successful project goes through disorder. I won't let anything happen to you!” the system spoke. System “error! Memories of disease and sorrow are taking over! System can't withhold much longer!” dr boggings “damn! Think good memories of us!” woman “im trying but the pain keeps overtaking me!”

system “dr, if you don't stop this, you could die or become sick” dr boggings paused and looked at the woman. Dr boggins “Keep going!” system “overload of pain!” the tubes broke open as the woman flew to the edge. Dr boggings “No!” he ran to the edge and grabbed her hand as she fell off. Dr boggings “We are electromagnetism and gravity, we are always together!” woman “please my love, no more experiments okay!?” dr boggings nodded. Woman “sometimes it seems you care more about science than me” dr boggings knew it was true but he shook his head. Dr boggins “Maybe but no more! I did it for you!” woman “I know boggins. I just want you, no science”

he tried to lift her up but couldn't. Dr boggings “Damn. I must be weak from the lack of white blood cells!” woman “use your soul and heart!” dr boggings gave it all but nothing. He looked at her desperate crying eyes he thought he could protect. Her hand fell from his as she fell. She screamed. dr boggings “No! Scieny! like how the electron moves with interaction, i'll be with you sciney serene!” he crawled and fell back. Dr boggings “Science, chemicals, I hate it all!” he got up with tears in his eyes. He began slamming the machine with hands. System “emergency self destruct sequence is activated. Dr boggings “wherever you go, I go my nebula of love and dreams!” the machines exploded with bright rays of light.

Sciney serene laughed. Scieny serene “oh the irony is very scientific. You see I fell into a pool of parasites. They formed into me and revived me. I found you laying on the ground days later. I decided to revive you but as something to remind you of that moment you failed me!” mazee merla “so that's why you are a cat human” sciney serene “ding! You win the prize of cause and effect. I wanted you to revel in your weakness and regret forever so I transferred data of something small in a wave into you. It seems you are suffering precisely like I envisioned!”

mazee merla smirked. Mazee merla “your hatred and unforgiveness has kept him from redemption and change, the thing that you blame, yet you want him to stay like that forever? by that means, you should be dead and a parasite!” sciney serene gasped with disbelief. Sciney serene “he doesn't deserve redemption, as long as I'm suffering from it, so should he!” mazee merla “ohh you poor victim of an accident. There's only so much we are held accountable for and we are only responsible for ourselves” catilela smirked. Catilela cat “it's the unexpected wonder of the smallest thing that is true strength. Like how something so grand came from a seed yet its the size of its entwining, deep subtle oneness and it all. there is no such thing as redemption as everything is just another part of life, you. Still, he deserves to grow and change as the pain will just stay forever in you as well”

Darnella stood in wonder and disbelief. Darnella “i never knew bogs but it wasn't your fault” bogs “no! It was my fault. I lost myself in trying to achieve immortality, in science. Now I see that it isn't this body that made me weak, it was myself, my misunderstanding of my heart but no more will I be a victim of what was! I'm here to take back my power that this body can't show!”

sciney serene “hahaha! You'll never escape your weaknesses but it matters not as you will become part of something bigger than what you can ever be! You see that prolectron? it's infusing everyone's interactions into itself” it showed sciney serene in a world in between her and the prolectron. Sciney serene “soon it will flow into me and my universe and dream will reflect out! I will become science itself and have full control over every scientific moment from the inside!” bogs “The only thing you have control over is your own oblivion.

You can never control science as it is beyond yourself” Darnella “everything would just be lifeless without true nature or self, it's our free release of ourselves that enable us to be real and alive” catiela cat “true soul and life for false control, bogs “don't you have any compassion in that corroded heart!?”
sciney serene “compassion? apathy? These are two different chemicals of the same star. I don't see you caring about me anymore either!” bogs froze. Bogs “How can I love someone that doesn't love themselves?!” Scieny serene smirked. Sciney serene “love. Just another scientific distraction, our most focused emotion that always leads us to the end and nothing! it weighs you down, holds you back from the next possibility. Love is our real disease of freedom! Care or not, the result still lives! I will get rid of these silly emotions forever! All they do is prevent our true potential and power! Only science will be!”

bogs “There's love even in you and what you are doing! It all weighs us down but it's what makes us fly inside!” darnella “love is what keeps us grounded, our point of undeniable connection that science can never prove! That is the freedom I will always fight for science error!” she pointed at sciney serene as she bent over forward. Catilela cat “love kills my style but it still dances in the shadows. The more you try to escape them, the more they consume you” sciney serene laughed with a deep echoing voice. Sciney serene “foolish beings, I will show you how insignificant love and you are!” she closed her eyes as they turned into cells.

Green flasks came flying out of them towards everyone. Catilela cat “the clouds block out the deception around you” bogs “I flunked third grade science class and I know why!” sciney serene formed into a green cell as she floated on the ground. She appeared in front of bogs as she uppercutted him into the air. She jumped up and whipped bogs from different nebulas around him. Sciney serene “i know your every impulse my poor little kitty!” bogs chuckled. Bogs “That's not my real impulse. this little kitty reaches farther than your deepest calculations!”

he appeared behind her. Bogs “I'm like the joker card, out but never out!” bogs slashed her back and forth as he back flipped kicked and front flipped kicked her. Sciney serene “this is what you show me for giving you life!?” bogs laughed. Bogs “i never asked for this and I am showing you my thanks with tough love” sciney serene smirked with pure evil. Sciney serene “be careful, science can hear you!” bogs “it can't hear what can't be known” sciney serene “the cell giveth life and the cell taketh life!” white blood cells and blood cells formed together on the screen. They flowed red and white lines into sciney serene. Scieny serene “yes! This is the true power of science! Infinite immunity of my heart!”

she molded into a giant red and white cellular triangular shaped creature with countless red blood and white blood cells. She had nebula cloud shaped legs and arms. She had countless long angelic tentacles that came from her space cloud shaped head. She had white angel wings and a clear white angelic face with one supernova eye and black hole eye. red and white water flowed through her eyes and body. There was a cellular black heart parasite with a sad face and white wings behind a white prison cell in her core. Blood and white energy flowed through them and her. sciney serene shrieked a soul chilling scream from her half moon and sun frozen lips.

Sciney serene “I control the bloodline with eternal desire and life! I am limitless!” the cells in her and around them flowed dark energy through everyone. Darnella “ahh! I feel like all of my darkest memories and pains are coming out. Sciney serene “yes! Embrace and wither in your darkest pains!” it showed everyone in between themselves and sciney serene. The energy flowed sciney serene wrapping dark energy tentacles with sharp edges around their hearts. Sciney serene “it's the in between that is truly real and free!” in between the tentacles hung shadow cells of sciney serene laughing in joy next to a figure. darnella “oh dear, someone has had too much dose of grandma's science medicine!”

catilela cat saw a young man running towards a younger catilela cat. Her eyes exploded with familiar love and sorrow. catilela “no! Could it be you my lost love, leko?!” as her younger self ran to him, her shadow grew larger behind her. As it reached her, it showed her all alone. She slowly became sciney serene. Sciney serene “hahaha! The more you try to escape your shadows, the more it takes you in. forever fall away into your fearful escape you made yourself. Swim with me in blissful oblivion!” catilela cat shook her head. Catilela cat “ Leko, I let you go for fear of being alone from you. If only I wasn't so afraid of my dark side! you could never be what's inside me as it is me. I am dimensions and can go anywhere! no more will I hide in the shadows from anyone or anything! no. I wasn't hiding, just observing.

Face your shadows for they are your true self hidden! Don't hide who you are anymore! For leko! For everyone! For yourself!” sciney serene “you can never stop me as I am science itself! Feel the emotion of science!” her eyes flowed energy between another that created a bright cellular heart. It absorbed everyone through countless universes and holes of memories and dreams. A small cloudy heart of light began flying to them. As it flew through universes, it grew bigger. It slowly disintegrated everything as it flew into everyone.

Catilela “leko, wherever I go, I'll be there” bogs “this can't be it! Can we not beat science or are we slaves to it, to our own undying curiosity?” mazee merla “You are like everyone else, keeping your past pains inside so you desperately look for a way to keep it, what gives you joy but when you get it, you ask for more. I see that it isn't what you have forever but how it made you felt, how far it flew beyond. Everyone, flow what's inside out! Reveal and reflect your darkest desires out and in! Don't be afraid! When you are inside me, I am inside you!” Darnella transformed into cloudora. Bogs “my vanilla dark cloud is back ehh?”

cloudora “i never left, I was just hanging in the clouds but i've been hanging in them for too long! She changed back into darnella. Darnella waved her hands and steamed dark cloudy sparks. Darnella “what are you going to do little puff? Puff her away? Let the professional spark up the show!” she changed back to cloudora. Cloudora “can you for once not be so dark and dramatically extravagant. We get it all mighty beauty!” she slowly became darnella and cloudora as one. Bogs eyes were wide open.

Mazee merla “I never thought I could see that much odd quirky chaos and innocence in one thing” cloudora “this is it. I won't seperate who I truly am anymore. I am me and embrace it completely!” Time to come back to your bright end!” cloudoras two puffy cloud faces in her hair lit up. She swung her rod to the left then right. She shot a light to clouds of herself beyond. Cloudora spun around swinging her rod up. As she waved it down, she bent over as the top part of the clouds became a giant sun. Cloudora pointed her rod at sciney serene. Cloudora slowly looked up. Cloudora “Rise and shine to your end!” the sun shined bright bolts through everyone and sciney serene. Cloudora “Can you get enough of my shocking truth?!”

she jumped onto her hands and spread her legs as a rainbow appeared above. Cloudora “shocked at how something so dark can be so beautiful?” bogs paused in awe. Bogs “You couldn't shock me no matter what you do” she smirked. Sciney serene screamed in pain as she exploded into star dust rays. Sciney serene “no! How can I fail?! Like a paradox, I will return as I leave!” The machine malfunctioned. Cloudora “did we do it!?” catilela cat “hmm. I sense oncoming irony” sciney serene flew up with her silver mechanical jetpack and green jet boots.

Sciney serene “as if you didn't know there is no stopping science or me!” she flew off towards the prolectron. Cloudora waved her hands. Cloudora “i'm getting sick of that science hag!” she ran to the edge. Cloudora “bogwees!” bogs looked at her with fury and caution. Cloudora “cloud you later you big fluffy furball!” she fell off. Bogs ran to her. Bogs “cloudora!” she flew up on her cloud. Cloudora smirked. Cloudora “thought you said I can't surprise you!” everyone laughed. Bogs “you can't. I'm just pretending” cloudora giggled. Cloudora “i'll be back!”

she flew towards sciney serene. Sciney serene shot green slime clouds at cloudora as they exploded into stars and meteors. Cloudora jumped over them and landed on her cloud. Cloudora “you science tricks are so past tense!” cloudora shot black and white bright bolts from her wand and cloud at sciney serene. Sciney serene flipped over them and slowly bent backwards as they flew by her. Sciney serene “you'll never see my true core!” cloudora “i already have through this!” they flew by another, striking another. Cloudora slid under her flip kick and came up with a kick into sciney serene.

She flew into space. She flew back towards cloudora as she gained speed. Cloudora “I know you are dying to see me!” Sciney serene “here comes your end! You feel it rising inside you?! As if it was always there!” as she flew into her, cloudora shot her rod at her. An explosion erupted as they began falling down. Bogs “she's just trying to surprise me!” he ran to her as he jumped to floating rock to floating rock. He jumped high and onto a platform. He caught them both with his hands.

Cloudora “Your friskiness is at it again but I had it!” bogs gave her a serious face. Cloudora smirked. Cloudora “I'm like the clouds, always imagining my way!” bogs looked up. A man in a hoodie came flying down with a large sword into the prolectron. The prolectron sparked as it slowly fell down past them. Mazee merla eyes enlarged with wonder. Mazee merla “how ironic that what created it, destroyed it!” sciney serene “bogs, everyone I guess i'll always be a failure” bogs shook his head. A small glimpse of memorial love flowed through him.

Bogs “Sciney serene. You are not a failure, just love to the extreme. No matter what you do, there will always be something to go wrong. It's not what seems right but your embracement of everything, that is success. Cloudora “Success is boring, it's in the adventure to it that we are free! How can you fail yourself and heart?” sciney serene “i guess everything is a failed success as its just what it is. It seems even science can't explain this feeling, can't stop what is truly inside. We are more than either. We are our experience of anything, of what's here!”

bogs tried to carry them up. Cloudora “come on my fury fireman! Unleash that fire inside!” sciney serene “remember how we use to watch the stars at night in the laboratory? I miss it. Let's do it again!” bogs looked at her with a concerned face. Mazee merla “poor thing, this is why I don't do love triangles” Catilela cat jumped next to them. Catilela cat “you see what your curiosity has gotten you into cat pimp?” bogs laughed. Bogs “either way, this is part of the fun”

cloudora “bogs, don't worry, you will always be strong to me. Maybe i'm meant to just be a cloud, always far away from reality but it doesn't matter as i'll float on without you!” bogs “cloudora, darnella. You could never just be a cloud because you give me strength stronger than the ground. If I am here then you are too!” sciney serene began crying. sciney serene “you were my first and only love boggings! Don't let me go!” bogs “don't say it like I don't know! You showed me something I could never explain, the one that inspired me. Still, you and me are like a electron without anymore charge! bogs felt a surge of energy flow through him. He saw her face turn into sciney serenes. His heart pumped faster as he turned into his human form again.

Bogs “this is my way of showing how much you meant to me sciney serene! With every pulse, i'll feel you inside!” Sciney serenes eyes lit up. Sciney serene “it's a new discovery to see your true form again. Like science, I'll go on with you forever! Till the next big bang!” he let her go as she let go. she fell off. Bogs felt a sharp pain in his heart. Bogs “Sciney serene!” he let go of cloudora. He caught her. Cloudora dropped a tear. Bogs “I was just checking how high you make me go!” cloudora smirked. He lifted her up.

She fell onto him. Cloudora squeezed him. Cloudora “oh my boggy woggy! I knew you could help me float beyond with clouds!” bogs “Cloudora, you made me float higher than anyone else when I felt low and weak from my past, from my own insecurity. You showed me myself through your sweet carefree wonder, through your sturdy seemingly oblivious imagination. This is who I am now. Even when i'm gone, i'll be there to catch you when your clouds are gone” cloudora smiled with excitement.

Cloudora “like that was a question! When I was a young girl, my sister batra getcha lost her lover. I found out who it was. It was Our father. Bogs and catilela cat eyes opened up. Bogs “No” cloudora nodded. Cloudora “I couldn't believe it either. He killed him out of jealousy and hatred! I wanted to tell her but every time I saw her, she was so sad. I couldn't be the one to do it. I hid behind clouds of deception since then. Always looking to the clouds but thanks to you bogs, I can now face the truth. Your endless courage and acceptance of what you were made me see what I really am. That I can face myself! I won't hide behind the clouds that held me away for so long no more! I will not turn the other cheek in adversity! I will show who I am and I will release the truth!”bogs 

“Cloudora. I always knew who you were” cloudora smiled as she felt a burning sensation within her. Cloudora “ahh! What's happening!?” she flashed lightning bolts of dark and light. She became liquid as someone slowly detached from her. It was batra getchas spirit. Everyone felt a surge of soulful wonder through their skin. Cloudora was in shock.

Batra getcha “she raised her whip. Everyone got into their battle stance. Batra getcha “you should've told me! I would've at least known!” cloudora looked down. Cloudora “don't you think I wanted too! It's why I am telling you now!” Batra getcha “i had a feeling it was him anyway. hehe. Ahh, the irony of life is spookingly right isn't it?” she shed a tear.

Cloudoras eyes grew blurry with tears. Cloudora “Batra, I care for you always and knowing earlier wouldn't bring him back” batra getcha “one back goes back to front yet now I can finally let him go!” cloudora “I’m proud of you sis!” batra getcha “i know. I told you I would always getcha!” cloudora smirked. Cloudora “you got the illusion and i've got you forever!” they smirked as batra getcha evaporated into space. Cloudora “Batra!” bogs held her. Bogs “She is in you always” cloudora smiled at bogs with the deepest innocent purity.

Catilela cat “i know you are enjoying your dramatic moment but I think we need to go now” suddenly catilelas cat's tail was cut off. Cloudora and bogs “catilela cat?!” mysterious deep voice “muhahahaha! Curiosity killed the cat or shall i say, disconnected!” mazee merla “greditch!” catilela cat “dramatic hypocritical quotes revealed the puppet or shall I say, connected. my true tail connects through it all in the shadows!” she withered in pain as she slipped off the edge. Bogs caught her with his hand.

Bogs “hang on catilela cat!” cloudoras eyes squinted as she waved her wand at greditch. Cloudora “oblivion caught the fly!” she shot out black and white cloudy lightning bolts from below and above into greditch. Greditchs ship absorbed it. greditch “what a shocking power you have there! Can I have it?!” the ship flowed electricity and into cloudora. Cloudora shook everywhere. cloudora stood in shock. Cloudora “now you really lit my soul up!” greditch “Muhahaha. cat caught your tongue ehh!?”

he flew off on his cylinder shaped metal ship. It had a metal black sphere on one side and a gold one on the other that had long golden metal laser guns with two seperate barrels on each one. They had metal circular tower shaped golden wings with a large black and gold spheric tower shaped gun in the middle. Cloudora “you greedy mosquitos end is better the longer it goes!” Catilela cat chuckled. Catilela cat “i always love hanging on the edge ehh?” bogs “We cats stick together ehh?!” catilela smirked.

Catilela cat “we're we ever cats or just another shade? Attachment just makes the detachment deeper” bogs looked down. Bogs “catty matty, if you never come together then you would never be here and we would of never met but we're one no matter what ehh?” catilela cat eyes lit up as she felt a strong flow of sorrowful joy through her. Catilela cat “catty matty, that's what he called me. Bogs “you thought you could escape us?!” catilela cat chuckled. Catilela cat “i guess i'll see you in the shadows ehh?!” bogs “catilela cat!” she fell off. Catilela cat “guys, leko, I'll be in the shade where I can see you all without” into the prolectron. It rattled bright energy and sparks as shadows consumed it into darkness. Cloudora “catilela cat! You will always be around us!”
Chapter sixteen

he watched her fall with the deepest sorrow yet acceptance of her undying will and his tragic reality. Bogs “catilela cat, we were the same but I'll meet you in the dark with every step and breath” cloudora put his arms around him. Cloudora spoke with her softest caring tone. Cloudora “like you, she's always floating beyond somewhere” bogs smiled. The platform began shaking. Mazee merla “don't you know better than that! Jump now!” bogs jumped with cloudora to each platform as it broke down. Bogs “i jump beyond with each one!” he jumped up his highest.

He missed the ledge. Mazee merla screamed in shock and love. Mazee merla “bogs and cloudora!” her eyes began watering. She saw a shadow getting bigger around her. She heard a thud. She turned around. Mazee merla laughed as she wiped a tear. Mazee merla “you never fail at being a show off ehh? That will cost you soon” Mysterious man in a hoodie “heh heh, someone has to break the boundaries of miraculous near ending moments but I can afford it” he took off his hoodie. Bogs and cloudora froze in shock and disbelief. Etero “Tell me, how did you know?” mazee merla laughed. Mazee merla “only you could do such a dramatic selfish yet caring act like that” they smirked at another.

Cloudora ran into him as they fell onto the ground. Cloudora “mister metee bolero is back! You had to be like a metero huh?” she hit his chest. Cloudora “don't ever do that again!” Bogs began licking him. Etero giggled. Etero “alright now bogs, were not there yet” everyone laughed. Bogs “oddly glad to have you back” etero “i never left, just saw how far I could reach” bogs smiled. Bogs “like how we can be here, yet never connect, it was always there, just not coming out until the time” etero “i saw the face of death and I saw what life truly is as that's when I felt infinite. there was no death, only a new awakening”

mazee merla “well there's about to be another awakening of the final one!” they saw a wave with sand pieces in it as big as the universe wave to them. Etero “here it comes, the wave of a dream, returning to an old memory not yet born, alive in it's story, it never left” cloudora held bogs. Cloudora “boggeys! What can we do!?” bogs “it's just a phase my cloud puff. I'll find a way through so be like a cloud and be calm!” mazee merla “like watching all of your dreams and sorrows return to you. Such a saddening moment, yet I think I feel a warm comfort somewhere”

etero “it's already passed me. Wave” the wave crashed through planets. It came crashing through the world as it flowed through buildings and mountains.

wave rode on a triangular dreamcycle with blue wave wings that glowed neon red and blue around it. She rode through the star road into a large star with closed eyes and long gold hair. There were other mini ones around it. Mysterious motherly voice “isn't it ironic that the beginning is the end, although it felt like it never began at all?” Suddenly a light shined and a woman was standing in front of her. She had two long pointy bright star shaped ears. She was curvy and bright with a white and silver star shaped top and silver leggins.

Woman “ I am birthma, the beginning and end of memories, of life.” wave “you began it all?” birthma “indeed. I am the first and last memory of dreams. Birthma “see this? She hit her sun shaped necklace that emitted a ray that flew into bright young beings. They were small and slender with two large bright ears like stars. Their star shaped eyes were closed and wore white star shaped vests and pants. Birthma “these are myins. My children of memories. The sun screens above displayed images of young kids.

Brithma “these are your memories.” It showed a young wave on a lighthouse so happy. She fell into the water. A man and woman came swimming after her but she flowed away. Birthma “those were your parents.” Wave was in shock. Wave “my real parents?” birthma “yes. After this, wave “so dreams are memories that haven't made it to the real world.” birthma yes and no. they haven't been born into the real world yet they have been birthma “you are the first and last dream. Wave “what?” birthma “you in context are the mother of dreams.”

wave “I made dreams? No.” birthma “well like me, you are the first dream of a memory but also not. I gave birth to you and everyone but I am also from a memory and dream. Your dream” waves eyes lit up. Birthma “There is a balance in everything. A dream is nothing without memory and a memory is nothing without a dream. You are the first and last dream of a memory that never became real. Wave couldn't believe it. Wave “i am just a dream and memory?” birthma “How do you think the first came to be? There had to be something behind it but that's just another ahead.” Wave “no.” birthma giggled. Birthma “Your naiveness is adorable. Yes. This means that your parents were just constructs of illusion necessary to birth you. It was just you without anyone that came into it all” wave stood in shock and disbelief. Wave “no. I won't believe it!”

birthma “Family and strangers are one, the only difference is the situation. Wave “so my family are also my possible lovers and other connections from infinite other times and places?” birthma “Isn't it strange yet it's what solidifies the moment and connection. What shows the highest love than being it all in one?” wave “it's just creepy and it's about what is now.” birthma “now? Haha. You try to catch now but when you say it, it becomes the past. There is no now, just constant pasts and futures.

Look.” birthma shot a ray of light to a space wall. Shadows were walking and kissing. Birthma “these are the shadows of everyone. Where their secrets and other half lays. Dying reflections ready to shine again. They've been lost for so long without their true self and warmth. Soon, they will die out and the fabric of space and time will evaporate. Wave “where the shadow goes, the light goes.” birthma “precisely. It is the dark force of wonder and expansion that enables light to shine and be born. In reality” birthma opened up her eyes as light dragon vines flowed across the space wall.

It showed a bright ocean. Wave felt a wave of strange soulful youth. As if she was born again. Wave “so the end of space is the beginning of another life and universe.” birthma nodded. Birthma “like shade under a tree, it ends on something. It's like so many of us, lost in the dark, feeling like we are so far away from the surface, yet, it was right there.” wave “that isn't true. Now is the only thing that is. It is always flowing and beyond. There is no past or future, only this” Brithma “the myins and me are getting tired of remembering the same memories. Soon that man will take all of them and everything will perish.” Wave felt a wave of emotional remembrance flow through her.

Drein appeared on all the sun screens. Some of him when he was young and old. Waves eyes lit up in shock and disbelief. Wave “no.” Birthma “Yes. Your dream brother and my son. He is your other half, like dreams and reality, love and hate, you and me. You and him are two sides of the same purpose, to disrupt and change memories and life. To give false light to beings to distract the hopeless truth, it never changes. He has altered more than we've ever encountered. He has gained control of the source of dreams.”

Wave shook her head. Wave “that's all we are? Just another part of a game, a plan not our own?” “birthma laughed. Birthma “you really think you can change anything? Be something more than a piece to a puzzle? wave “no. just like creation. We could've been anything. We have feelings, dreams! Even an object Is itself. Free and beyond. It is what it chooses to be! Purpose is accidental and a construct. It is only a slither of who we are and why we are here. Birthma “It's almost time to wipe out everyone's memories and let the shadows consume everything again. rebirth illusive time once again. This will be the thirteenth rebirth and it has gotten easier with each time.”

wave “no! Even though everything is an illusion, I am still me and they are me! I will begin for real and make new memories! I will change beyond change! Something that could never be! Birthma chuckled. Birthma “That's what your predecessor said. You never learn will you? You can never beat the system, the cycle. Whatever you do, it follows.” Wave smirked. Wave “you said it yourself, it is only me, beyond infinite memories and dreams that never happened. If this happened then so has it!”

she walked away and stopped. She looked back at birthma. Wave “Don't dream about me. It wouldn't be a pleasant one” birthma giggled with sophistication. Birthma “I wouldn't dream of it.” wave smirked as she jumped on her bike. a shadow wave of memories and dreams flew behind her. She watched different versions of herself slit her throat in front of Etero and running out of breath in other moments in her rear view mirror. She sunk in herself but caught herself. Wave “i am not letting my past kill me anymore!”

They all shined a light as they flew into her eyes. She shined herself in harmony with the memories in front of her. Wave “I will keep my memories with me yet I will set them free forever!” she saw herself now in the mirror, watching herself. As she reached the end, she jumped off the bike and flew through space. The shadow wave was catching up to her. Wave “I am the wave, ocean and all!” she flew faster than herself and beyond.

Something waved through etero. He floated up and down. As it hit him, he heard voices. Etero “wave? Is that you?” he slowly opened his eyes as a lunar sand rock eye closed. He closed his eyes as another wave went through him. He began hearing waves voices as the waves crashed through him. Etero “wave, I see you through your voice, your echo!” rock “when I am open, so are you, return with the departure” he slowly floated towards the rock. It slowly became visible. He heard it speak in a different tone. Rock “etero!” the rock turned into cloudora. Etero froze in shock. His face was in front of her cloudy pillows. She put her hands on her hips and gave him a scolding look. Etero “I thought I saw bogs in there” cloudora smirked. Cloudora “he's already gone like you!” she jumped into him as he flew back into the black metal wall. It had green and blue lights on it with buildings in between them.

Etero “like a trampoline of wondrous pain” cloudora “don't be fooled by soft things, they are more dangerous than hard things” Etero smirked. Etero “I realize that but they are always hard in what they are” cloudora heard snoring. She reached inside her bra. She pulled out bogs sleeping. Bogs “So soft and jiggly” cloudora shook him. Bogs eyes lit up in panic. Bogs “boogie boo, what I do!?” he paused as he saw an angry cloudora. Bogs “Ahh, I wanted to float with you in my dreams” cloudora “you are about to be in a dream, permanently!” bogs “Aren't we all!”

she squeezed him hard. Bogs “love hurts but I love it! Ahh!” etero “where are we?” mazee merla “if we are then where we are is it all but is it who it is?” etero “too early for riddles miss bubble riddler” cloudora “look” he walked to the large window in the sky. There were large silver metal black battle robots around him holding black and white gunblades with green and blue lights on the ends. His eyes felt a thousand waves of shocking truths inside. He saw a foggy world with people that had clouds hanging in front of them from a string. They walked on water carpets in between shorelines of transparent delana. Mazee merla “this must be his dream.” etero “drein. It's so dull and lifeless. You would think it would be so lively”

cloudora “it isn't the clouds that are peaceful and wondrous but what's in them” mysterious voice “even dreams have a price” cloudora “colonel greditch grinch!” Everyone gave him a dirty look. Colonel Greditch laughed maniacally. Colonel greditch “I know, it's an honor and privilege to see me but now's not the time for my new weapons!” he walked off through the giant silver metal door with one side, a silver gun and the other, a black sword. They became one as it closed. Etero “so were on the” mazee merla “i'd rather drown but he did help us” bogs “we would've been fine”

etero “saved from one thing, destroyed from another but no one can save you if there was nothing to be saved from. Let's take down this cloniel of big blasting things!” bogs “that's the etero I know!” they ran through the doors. They saw a large metal robot guard down the metal black hallway. Cloudora “aren't you a cute destructive doll” the robot turned to them. Bogs “we have blast off!” the robot held up its gun and shot a thousand bullets towards everyone. Cloudora waved her wand at him as she laid on a cloud. A cloud flew at the bullets. Cloudora “like your aim, your head is in the clouds!” the bullets disappeared.

Etero “who would've thought that the softest thing could stop bullets!” cloudora “That's the wonder of imagination yet, did the bullets ever shoot?” etero smirked. The robot flew at them like a wave. Cloudora “I won’t be stopping that” she bent over as it flew over her. Its sword hit her wand as it landed. It lifted up its gunblade as it came down towards her. Etero “seems we have a malfunction here!” he slowly lifted the sword up from his chest with his sword. Bogs threw energized pages at it as mazee merla slashed her sword up and down at it.

Bogs ran around it as it spun around. Bogs “Around we go!” cloudora “ohh can i be the big bad wolf boggy?” bogs “not yet puffy wify” cloudora huffed and puffed in sadness. Bogs nodded at her. Cloudora smiled with joy. Cloudora “let blow you into your dreams!” Cloudora blew on it as mazee merla swiped her fin under it. it fell over. Etero jumped in the air. Etero “time to be bolts again!” he came crashing down with his sword into its black core. It began sparking. Etero “this party is crashed!” they ran towards the large metal door of the colonel as the robot exploded. Parts flew by them. They were in a large dark lit city like room with a black carpet of a city underneath.

There were hanging guns and swords above on each side. A large green dollar bill with his face in the middle was above him on the wall. There was a large statue of him holding a gun and money on the right side before the stairs. He stared outside a large black window as the black gun tower throne laid before them for miles into the sky. Cloudora puffed in anger. Cloudora “you cat killer! that is something I really don't like mister!” she pointed her wand at him. Colonel Greditch smirked. Cloinel greditch “how can I kill what was far away?”

bogs yelled in rage as he dashed into him. The colonel waved his hand as his transparent face resonated in front of him. Bogs flew back into the wall. Everyone “bogs!” cloneil greditch “they say weapons can only get you so far but I say, their the only thing that has broken us through” mazee merla chuckled. Mazee merla “always trying to out do another to satisfy your ego, a comforting security that proves nothing more than an illusive result and it will be the one weapon that will destroy you in the end” colonel greditch “my apologizes but she was meant for the shadows like you!”

mazee merla waved her hands in an emotional rage. Mazee merla “enough of this endless desire to conquer to compensate for your insecurities, to make you feel strong when all it does is take away what matters! You could never take over what isn't you as no matter how big or long, it's still just an act. You always beat everything as it's your beat and beyond. It was never about going farther than another, only your free infinity!” etero “when you destroy, it destroys you” colonel greditch “just another sacrifice like you will be for my ultimate weapon, the beyondtron nine, the power of infinite imagination and power!

See that? They saw a large eye in space. Colonel greditch “that is dreins eye. It is where his dreams are coming from. After infusing everyone's imaginative power and desire for power into the beyondtron nine, I will destroy it, absorbing all of the dreams into it. it will then shoot out my dream of a golden paradise where only the richest exist! who says money doesn't grow on trees?” mazee merla “the only richness you'll have is a lifeless heaven. You can't buy eternal peace as it isn't obtained with something, only within you, yet was there any joy or sadness or just different reactions of one temporary moment?”

cloudora “There's joy and sadness in everything, it's just finding it. Like how we feel free and liberated when we hear sad songs. Actually our experiences of sadness and joy is happiness, when we know how much it meant, yet joy is just our signal of what's always there, us and freedom. It is in the hottest hells do we realize and create heaven!” Bogs “What you want is a secured eternity of the highest end but it will drown you before you can even live it. Your heart could never beat, never be free. Without darkness, there is no light, without the ground there is no sky”



colonel greditch “did your heart ever truly beat or was it another illusion? Sadness, death, emptiness, their all meaningless things that must be destroyed! I must have my paradise, a place to be free of threats, where everything is at it's finest and it will be real and alive to me!” cloudora shot her wand as two cloud blades flew into him. They exploded into countless little ones as they flew into him. A transparent shield appeared. Colonel greditch “hahaha! Nothing can beat the technology of greditchina! The power of beyond results and deflection!

He pulled out a circular remote with a symbol of a horizon in the middle. Glonel greditch “by infusing the reflection of an horizon and electromagnetism, this creates an horizon that pulsates to my pulse. Meaning that everything that comes to me deflects to where it was and reflects what I desire” cloudora “not too shabby greedy santa clause!” colonel greditch “did you think that you were able to still be alive without this?” everyone froze in shock. Mazee merla “no. you mean?” colonel “and I thought that science broad was oblivious!”

bogs “she broaden horizons and her oblivion was more aware than yours. You wish she would be with you!” colonel greditch smirked. Colonel “that's not possible now is it?” bogs steamed with anger. Bogs “ colonel gredtich “from waves death to dreins life, all a technological show!” everyone looked down. Bogs “what!? So she's alive?!” Etero yelled with his core. Etero “you can't create what I feel and experience! colonel greditch “haha! Ask him! He knows she is alive” everyone looked at etero. Etero looked at everyone.

Cloudora “I know he's a raging tech hog but is it true?” etero screamed. Etero “yes it is!” everyone gasped. Cloudora jumped up. Cloudora “as if there was any doubt!” etero slammed his sword into the ground as lava meteors erupted from the colonels feet. Bogs threw cat shaped papers at him as mazee merla stuck her fin in the ground as a gush of water splashed under greditch. Greditch “hmpf! Such kiddie attempts to what you can't comprehend!” silver triangular guns popped out from his shirt and pants and shot pulse balls into everyone.

Everyone was shocked. Greditch “watch the power of instant connection!” as bogs heartbeat beated, colonel greditch appeared in front of him. Greditch pointed a large golden triangular shaped energized gun at him. Greditch “you can't beat technology and dream!” he shot a beam of energy into him as bogs reflected energy. Sciney serene was in it as a spirit. Sciney serene “technology can only get you so far my failed experiment!” she shot a spiral shaped gun with vines around it at greditch. Bogs eyes opened up. Bogs “Sciney ney!” scieny serene “now! I'll use my powers to break the shield!

Bogs “But!” sciney serene “There's already enough of that! Like how gravity is always with interaction, I'll be there in your reflections!” she rushed into greditch as he was shocked with pain. Bogs “Sciney serene! You, you will always be the greatest scientist ever!” Cloudora “now is the time to decide your fate! Fall into greed for a rich escape or embrace what comes! Your free experience and openness to life is priceless!” mazee merla “a bought heaven is the highest hell worth nothing of soul and true fate!”
Etero and mazee merla slashed through him as bogs threw two protons of words at him. Cloudora bent over in front of him and tapped his head with her rod. Cloudora “you've been a naughty boy!” he screamed in pain as he fell down. Mazee merla “the more rich you are, the more rich your end” his body twitched. Bogs “whoa.” cloudora “I know i'm puffilicious but now?” bogs pointed to greditch. He began sparking electrical bolts. He slowly rose up. Greditch “i can't go yet! I've been through too much to end now!

He fell into a metal tube. Countless weapons, big bangs and people dying in war displayed on the surrounding machines as they flowed energy through him. A bright light emitted. They were staring at a large eagle gunship. Half of its face was one side of a dark white powdery colonel and the other half was of a bloody eagle with a bloody eye. It had metal gold wings with barrels at their ends. He had countless machine guns and lasers emitting from his body. Colonel greditch “I am technology and what value is compared to!”

cloudora “if that is true then you can take your value and shove it in your eternal greed hole!” mazee merla chuckled. Mazee merla “you can never measure what is priceless as value lies in our eyes and hearts but more than that, it's beyond it. Basing something off face value is only a fraction of what it's worth!” etero “I'll be so good that you can't deny my value!” cloudora “Only we know our worth because it is us!” she shot her wand as bright gun shaped clouds shot countless yellow electrical angry cloudora faced bullets at the colonel.

dashed towards him, dodging his pulsating bullets pulsate around his feet. Colonel greditch “hahaha! Dance for me into your pathetic end! Where you've been all along!” bogs “i'm not dancing for you gold face freak!” etero dashed around him, slashing his gun shaped bullets back at him. Etero “heh. I don't even need to do a thing!” mazee merla swayed her fin as watery horizons blocked the bullets. Etero swung his sword down into the ground over and over around him.

Burning boulders flew from the ground and towards the colonel. A boulder enclosed etero. Bogs dived through the laser blast beams, shooting cat shaped black bullets from his tail. He landed onto his mind. He swung his tail in an hourglass shaped as a wave of energy with a cat roaring exploded from the ground and into one of the colonel's metal cylinder shaped guns. It fell off as the colonel screamed in agony. Bogs “the richer you are, the more expensive your end is! Time to be demoted!”

countless boulders exploded out of the colonel, blasting fiery waves into him. Etero was there, with his sword impaled inside the colonel that was lifted up in the air. Etero “I impacted you before I even moved!” The place divided as a space was on one side and the sea on the other. Cloudora floated up as she touched the sea and space clouds. They shot out sharp star bolts and waves that became a celestial electrical waterfall. She turned around and landed on her hands. She spread her legs then clapped them together. The sea and space came crashing into the colonel greditch. Cloudora “that deserves a crashing apalluse!”

the colonel shook in anger as he emitted countless explosions of war and destruction. The machines began malfunctioning. Electrical shock flowed through him. Colonel “no! I am war! I am richness! Complete destruction of little scum inevitable!” two guns came out from his eyes and shot a horizon shaped wave through everyone. Everyone fell down. Etero “damn! All I see is us in pain in the horizon! Gunfire and smoke!” mazee merla “this is all of our inner turmoil coming out! Remember that it isn't you! See the peace behind the smoke and pain!” cloudora “it isn't never feeling what hurt us as it was never true or real, it is understanding it, your real self and isn't what is!”

The colonel grabbed the beyondatron controller as the beyondatron moved and aimed at Drein's eye. Colonel greditch “for power and destruction! Hahaha!” he pulled the trigger as the beyondatron absorbed everyone's imaginative power. Cloudora yelled in pain. Cloudora “ahh! Still, my imagination still lives in me, with it. ugh!” the beyondatron lit up like cities of neon as it flowed energy to the top. It gathered mass amounts of energy. Colonel greditch “muhahaha! Feel the power of colonel greditch, what you could never beat!” it blasted a large gun shaped cloud comet at the eye.

The eye flowed sand like an hourglass into the other side. The eye turned blue as it accumulated energy. Mazee merla “seems we don't see eye to eye!” Colonel greditch “looks like you will be reunited with your pitiful friend!” The eye blasted a large energy wave as it flew through the ship and the colonel. The beyondatron exploded as it fell down through the sky. The colonel became himself again. He chuckled. Colonel “what irony. What I tried to conquer conquered me. Mazee merla “didn't I tell you that you are only as strong as yourself?” colonel “is that it? I still don't believe that. Like how we came from something less and made something more than ourselves”

He bled as he coughed out blood. Colonel “I was in the great greedorian war. I was the clonel of the spaceinites, Advanced soldiers of the eyrian army, infused with s e, a chemical compound program that stood for secret energy. It warped our minds to obey without question. It rearranged our brain cells with war and battle tactics, visions, Making us a perfect war machine, equipped for every dangerous situation from perfect war simulations and data. Programmed with automatic results and coordinates of any battle.

They secretly put it in our food, our clothes, through subliminal messaging, everything. We were at war with the zyeos. We conquered them one by one then one time. I was in front of two children and a mother. My superior ordered me to kill them. I hesitated but then” the colonel shed a tear. Colonel greditch “i murdered them!” cloudoras eyes opened up. Clonel greditch “So after that, I went insane. I began taking over my own people, everyone. I thought if I kept conquering then I could be strong enough to bring those innocent people back! Now I see that no amount of power can amount to love, can bring back what can never be replaced.

we waste our lives trying to gain, just not to lose what we already did, to cover our void of reputation, to compensate for our fears of not being good enough, missing what we always have.” cloudora “it's okay. Win or lose, you still have them inside you and what you can never gain!” mazee merla “from everything in my life, losing is when I gained the most for that was when I knew how much I gained” bogs “what you never gained wasn't made for you, like a dream, only a possibility that can never fill what's forever”

the ship began to explode and fall faster. Cloudora “here we go, falling again!” colonel greditch “go now! I'll use what’s remaining of this tired old tragic soul!” cloudora “i know we just fought and you were willing to kill us all and all but I still know you aren't that bad inside!” colonel greditch laughed. Colonel greditch “you still care after I tried to destroy you. what remarkable love and stupidity” cloudora chuckled. Cloudora “those two aren't too far apart ehh?” colonel greditch “For the first time, I'm unable to conquer but I feel like I finally truly overcame it all. The greatest power isn't what you take over but what you share, how far it makes you free and connect”

the eye roared as a large circular beam flew into the colonel greditch. He screamed in agony. Mazee merla “damn! We have to go!” everyone tumbled as they ran to the doorway that sparked near death tragedy and unsavable victims. Cloudora “you are always more powerful than anything!” the colonel smirked. Everyone ran through the hallways. Parts of the doors exploded pieces of metal around them. Etero “so this is how it is when a woman is mad!” cloudora and mazee merla smirked at another. Mazee merla cloudora “this isn't even close but you couldn't handle it anyway!”

etero and bogs laughed. Etero and bogs “we already do but don't want to!” a large part of the ceiling fell towards cloudora. Etero slashed through it. Etero “can't always be together huh?” cloudora smirked. Cloudora “were they ever?” they ran off. The floor began to fall. They jumped onto each falling piece as they jumped onto the ledge. They saw a large wall in front of them. Bogs “where did the entrance go?” mazee merla “the entrance made an early exit!” cloudora waved her wand as she spun around.

Shiny water and shadow beams flew into etero’s sword. Etero lifted up his sword as two waves of shadows and water came out of the sword and back into it. Etero “too close for comfort!” shadow and water boulders appeared around them. He flipped up and down as he slashed them into the wall. The energy flew into his sword as he was in the air. He back flipped down as he stuck his sword into the ground. He landed on it as he bowed.

The wall divided. Bogs “did you have to be that dramatic?” etero smirked. Etero “just an extravagant nothing. It's only dramatic if you feel like it is” mazee merla “so this is it. Either die here or jump off and probably die” bogs “might as well take a leap of insanity when you are screwed either way!” he jumped off. Cloudora “I need a leash for that little furry freak!” she jumped off. Etero ran to the edge. He looked back at mazee merla. etero “just another illusion to break!”he jumped off. Mazee merla “to the next sea!” she jumped off.

The ship exploded with a bright light. Everyone fell faster. Etero “wave, i'm coming faster with you, the harder I return, the farther I go!” as they got close they stopped. They saw water carpets underneath them. Mazee merla “could it be?!” etero thought to himself “i know it's you wave as every echo has you in it” cloudora “that was a splash I wasn't expecting” they slowly flew to a shoreline. The sand was in clouds that reflected dreams of drein. Cloudora “There is no dream without memories. A dead dream that never begins or ends”

mazee merla “the waves can't flow without the sands of time. A dream without chance or fate of its time is just an empty false nothing that never happened” etero “without time, there is no dream. An endless moment that drifts beyond anything, never to awaken” bogs “what is that?!” cloudora “everyone! It's an cutepocalypse and nighttime!” bogs laughed as he put his hand on his forehead. Bogs “A bedtime you don't want!”

etero “The shadows of our darkest desires come back to reveal themselves!” mazee merla “a shadow wave of hidden lies and lives, coming to light” Cloudora “we have so much hidden thoughts and parts of ourselves were afraid to show, killing ourselves to mask it but that's the true dark lie we live by” they saw countless shadow creatures falling towards them through the shadow wave. Mazee merla “seems the secrets are out! Let me reveal you as you reveal me!” suddenly a large blue wave came together and rose towards the shadow wave.

Cloudora “this is going to be a smacking good applause of delightful demise!'' The blue waves had dremels and large squid creatures with tentacles and blue spheric ends of watery faces. The waves crashed as the whole universe echoed. Etero’s sword began shaking. Etero held it. Etero “ahh the pain of memorial tragic love flowing through me! Not now!” one side of the sword became water and the other sand as the end expanded into four blue and red stone spikes with red and blue stones on each side. etero”so this is the true form of memorial dreamy eternity!”

he spun around and shot his sword at the shadowians that had three antlers with lights hanging in front of them at the ends. A wave of blue spheres flew from underneath the shadows and dremels. He raised his sword towards them as the stones emitted light. The light flowed shards of sand into them. Etero came out of each one, slashing through each one as sand and water moved in slow motion. He spun slashed up as waves of fire and ice came crashing into the shadows and dremels. He impaled two shadowians and dremels as the spikes exploded them beyond time. He came slashing down through them as the space divided and water splashed under the shadow surface.

Etero “ cloudora “that's the et I know but the true magic is entwining seemingly nothingness you secretly did!” she grabbed bogs. Bogs “Meow?!” cloudora “Go my fury hero boy!” she threw him towards the shaowdians. Bogs “I never signed up for this!” he scratched through countless shadowians with his claws and tail. Etero “even I feel for the poor guy” cloudora giggled as she put her hand over her mouth. Cloudora “I do it because I trust him and isn't he cute flying through space?!”

etero “i guess so” falling stars fell near them. mazee merla “so this is what it's like to reveal what you've been holding in for so long. Can we believe in anything anymore?”
etero “it's not as simple as that. Wave may not have died but she was never real!” everyone paused. mazee merla “if she is here then she exists.” bogs “all those times we had, all those emotions and experiences, there's no way she wasn't there!” etero “don't worry though as if I felt her inside then she is still here in this story, in our connections! She's waiting for us everyone! To be known and born! We can still see her!” everyone nodded.

                                                             Chapter seventeen

She reached the surface. She was wearing a blue hoodie with a symbol of wave wings on the back. One of them was black and the other was blue. It was all foggy with blue and white light. She saw a shoreline on the other side. She made it as she entered a phazy delana. A transparent drein with his eyes closed hovered over the city. Blue light was flowing into its third blue sphere eye. A wave of melody and words flew by wave. Voice “wave by wave, we return and depart in sorrowful melodies, leaving our memories in our little shoreline lighthouse, never stopping, never keeping what can't be replaced, yet we never question it, only let the waves take us away forever” Drein formed from the water. Drein “isn't it ironic that what you chased for so long was always there? The beginning knows the end and vice versa.”

 Wave “drein, our dreams are real memories!” drein smirked. Wave “it's true! Birthma showed me our memories in the shadows, waiting to shine from our dreams!” drein “haha. Memories, just meaningless moments of pain and end, what makes them any more realer than dreams? Wave “they are both real and false but together, they give it life as a dreams deepest truth is when it reaches beyond and free!” drein “Reality dies but dreams last forever! let us make this dream the realest memory. He caressed her face.

Wave “Drein. You are my brother” drein “heh, we're all related in this parasitic cellular dream and what better way to solidify our deepest famialirites? Wave smirked. Wave “it's in finding familiarity in something strange and i'm not about that dead dream that never became true!” drein laughed. Drein held her waist. Drein “haven't you wanted eternal peace? Your deepest imaginative wonder? We can drift forever through another's mind and soul, watching the space sunset burn your mysterious rebellious kiddie yet passionate beauty. Forever I wished for this. Now I can finally have all my dreams come true!

See dreams and reality are certain constructs of one. We are always connected through the wavy reflections of life and every heartfelt emotion. We meet inside another which meets outside as one. Soon my dream will flow through the waves into my mind, turning your memories into my dreams!” wave “you can't take what's been done. What we've experienced, it's not yours to take but no matter, they'll live within you!” drein “so sad my dear sister, seems this cliché tragic romantic oddity must be played out the way we already knew was coming”

drein raised his hands as water spheres appeared in the space sky above his floating mind. He slammed his hand down as countless dreins in liquid form grabbed her legs. Wave struggled to break out but knew she couldn't yet. Drein “haha! Like the sands of deadly memories that suffocate you, the more you try to escape them, the more they devour you!” wave “heh heh. I'm already devoured! my memories are always waved past you!” drein felt something inside him. Drein “Ahh! You won't come out ever!”

A large spirit wave flew out of his chest as wave fell onto the floor in water. Wave “to stop me is to stop you and what's already free!” drein grabbed her as her eyes closed. She was in a pool slowly drowning. She saw transparent visions of her family. Wave “mom?! Etero!?” she saw someone pulling her down. It was a young drein. She reflected a wave of her biggest dream as she appeared back. Wave slashed plasmitc waves at drein as he slashed them back. They slashed another as they jumped on and off the buildings.

Drein “don't you love the rush of suffocating near end?!” he waved his arms as everything became slow. He went to the buildings and lifted them up. Drein “here is the power of dreams!” he slashed them towards wave. Wave ran over them as she jumped from one to the other. Drein came slashing through the last buildings window. Drein “i am always where you are!” countless dreins attacked wave. Dreins “I am infinite!” wave closed her eyes as countless wave rushed from her threw them. Wave opened her eyes as they collapsed.

Wave “heh. I didn't even need to be awake” Drein “my imagination will never stop! I'll imagine you to death!” more dreins slashed towards her. She ducked under one as she impaled one. She spun him around and into the beyond. She dived into the water and splashed up with her sword through the clones. As the clones jumped out of the pools, waves of her slashed through them. She was already on the other side as they fell down.

She fell underwater as countless dreins grabbed her. She generated energy as a large wave flew from her and blasted them away. She swam up and down, slashing through them as she spun slashed a wave through them. She jumped up from the pool. She side kicked one in the leg, one in the stomach and another in the head. As she roundhouse kicked one, she slashed three others. She kept repeating it as she slashed and kicked countless drein’s. As two came towards her, she slid under them, punching their groins. Wave “you poor thing. feeling low?” four dreins grab her as they lifted her. She kicked two of them into the air as she swung the other two into them.

As they flew into her, she bent backwards and impaled one. She then flung one forward as she bent over, flip kicked two into the air. Drein chuckled. Drein “you are indeed my sister but I am the better one! Looking a little flushed. Why not wash yourself off?!”

he moved in slow motion as he slashed his gunblade in a triangular sequence. It reflected a blue light to a little sphere with a transparent drein in a far away space. The sphere slowly fell towards wave. it flowed sharp river blades as drein slashed them at her. She felt herself gaining more water. Drein “Let dreams take you away from reality, it is the only guarantee!” wave “the only inevitability is me!” as he slashed up down and diagonally, his soul was slashing wave through horizons with a blue sunset.

He pointed his gunblade at her. as the sphere hit her he pulled the trigger. A large wave erupted with infinite others from wave through the universe. Drein “how do you like what I had you with forever before you could even breathe?” wave “not as much as what I have with myself forever. If you are done then I am done with you before you could even be done” Drein “why? Why do you choose to suffer and die for eternity?! Is it because you aren't aware? Maybe for balance?

No matter how deep you feel or live, it is still for nothing, it is another desperate attempt for false meaning and existence! Wave took so much energy to speak softly. Wave “because i'm beyond, because it's for nothing. She smirked. Wave “but remember, I was beyond it all.” drein chuckled. Drein “you are and will always be a dream!” wave shook her finger. Wave “no brother, I am awakened and are always real in me! I make dreams real yet I was neither at all!”

she flew through a phazy cloud through dimensions of dreams. She awoke in a phazy room. Drein was a young boy sleeping on a bed in a blue sphere. On each side was a blue sphere. In one sphere was him writing a drawing of a young girl. The other sphere was the young girl singing about drein. Drein spoke to wave through the echos. Drein “this is my dream, my everything! You can never take away what is me!” the boy flowed a blue line into a cloud above him. It turned into him killing wave and the boy and girl running towards another across the wave. It flowed into waves heart.

Mazee merla dashed threw the water, cutting dremels and shadowians legs off. Mazee merla “time to go back to your roots!” a shadowian wrapped around a dremel as the dremel became it's heart in a sphere. Bogs “feeling blue ehh?” he zapped into a dimensional void and appeared inside the shadow. He scratched a million times in all directions as he appeared in another void outside. The dremel and shadowian turned into water as they formed into another and flowed away.

Bogs “That's right, you can't sneak a sneaker!” two shadowians grabbed bogs as they absorbed his light. Bogs “it's like my passion and heart is losing life!'' Suddenly both of them were cut in half. He breathed heavily. He slowly looked up to see a shadowian stare at him. This one was different. Bogs “so you are all not bad?” the shadowian dropped a black tear as it ran off. Bogs “This is what I get for being a gambler. Wait. It was you wasn't it catilela cat? That's just your style. See you in the shadows!”

etero and cloudora were on tall towers. Etero jumped and slammed his sword down on them a million times before he landed. A dremel flew its tentacles at him as he ducked and cut them. The dremels and shadowians jumped onto him. He shot blue boulders at them as they flew into the air. He slid around the ground, slashing the air as the boulders exploded. Etero “you slid into that one huh?” more fell through him as they fell through each story. Etero “i break through even when i'm not!”

cloudora jumped on her cloud She slid through the middle, swinging her rod as bogs cloud bolts shocked oncoming dremels. She drew in the sky with her wand. It became a cloud in the shape of cloudora and darnella with one angelic horn and one demon horn. It roared red and white bolts towards the shadowians. She jumped up, spun around each one, then kissed their forehead. Cloudora “Don't you love the end?!” they all exploded.

as he reached the last floor, someone caught him. Cloudora “i figured I float you up!” etero chuckled. Etero “i'm always floating” cloudora “aren't we all?” he flew into the air as she swung her rod at his sword. Blue lightning surged into his sword as he slashed through countless dremels, shocking them before he reached them physically. Cloudora was shooting lightning bolts and blue spheres cloud blades at them as well. She slowly fell back as she lifted her leg up and laid on her elbow. Cloudora “i'm the wake up call your parents warned you about!” she slowly lifted her self up backwards as water rose the shadowians up. she stood up. As etero pointed his sword at them, cloudora smirked and put up a peace sign, erupting them into shocking spheres beyond.

Etero “I flashed before your eyes!” cloudora giggled. Cloudora “yet did you make a lasting impression like I did?” etero laughed. Etero “they didn't have a chance to!” Wave awoke in a blue sphere. She felt immobilized and in slow motion. Drein was standing on the shoreline of their memories. There was a blue sun above the sands that reflected their dreams. She slowly swam through the wave. She saw a shoreline that flew into her sphere. Drein's spirit flew around her. Drein “let what makes you feel comfortable about yourself close! Let the lie become your breath!”

she slowly swam towards pictures of spash and etero. She grabbed them. Wave “etero, spash, everyone, I won't let you go!” she saw a young boy and girl running through a forest. Wave “drein?” the boy handed a girl a wave necklace. She got caught by a wave that took her away. The boy cried. Dreins spirit flew around wave. Drein “haha. Soon no more pitiful failures! You know much about them don't you?” wave saw herself in a sphere around etero. Etero walked away slowly as wave tried to swim to the surface. Wave “no! I won't suffocate in my false safety anymore!” she felt waves of voices flow through her. Drein “Don't you realize? Dreams are echos of what happened already. When you do anything, it makes a wave that connects to the wave of its end. The wave before the wave.

We go through so much suffering and anguish, just for us never to reach it in this fake reality. We wallow in her breathless depths, keeping our darkest dead comforters wrapped around us, sinking forever in our secured dreams, far from it's true release but I won't allow that anymore. I deserve my dreams just as much as you do!” he flew threw her up and down, striking her a thousand times as his real self turned around. Drein “let me give you your biggest end, it would delight me beyond!” he pulled the trigger. Wave laid back. She breathed heavily. wave “so everything we dream are waiting for us. Drein, like you said, as long as we are we, it will always be there for us! This isn't just your dream, this is my dream, me!”

she echoed waves. Drein “no!'' Suddenly she splashed a thousand electrical waves as she was glowing blue neon feathers with glowing bright blue wolf eyes. Another swito appeared in her other hand that glowed blue neon rivers through it. She imagined herself at the shoreline with drein. She flew from sphere to sphere, slicing them in half. She slashed through him in a circular and x shape as they fell through sphere horizons. She began playing one swito behind her shoulder and one under her legs. The strings connected into dreins mind and heart.

Musical notes on the strings became shapes of swords that flew into drein. Transparent forms of wave came slashing and shredding into him after each note. She spun around as she slashed him with one swito and slashed down into him with the other. She then repeatedly slashed waves at him in a cross shape faster and faster. She came riding on a large space wave shaped musical note as high as space towards him. Drein smirked. Drein “you can't get enough of me ehh?! Dream me! Suffocate me! Feel me! Free me!” she slid under him as she shredded the swito with the wave. She threw one swito into the air as he flew into the air. She slashed him in zig zag shapes as she came down with him.

A thousand waves flew in and out of drein. wave “i am the surface, depths and the shoreline!” as they landed into the sand, it rippled time and space. The swito from the air impaled drein as wave played her swito. The swito electrified drein as it flew into waves hands. Drein floated up. Wave couldn't believe it. Drein smirked as he emitted a space wave through her. She awoke in a dark shoreline with a red eye horizon. She faintly saw a young boy run to the shoreline. Wave “drein?!” a small girl was slowly coming up from the swaying tides. Drein yelled. Drein “sis! I'm coming!”

he tried to run into the water but a force stopped him. Drein “no!” wave tried to run to drein but a cloud wrapped around her. Wave “drein! Don't worry about me! I'm just a wandering wave that won't ever stop!” the eye opened as drein slowly drowned into the ocean. Wave screamed. Wave “brother! Don't leave me alone!” suddenly she slowly drowned into herself. A young boyish voice “what do you do when you aren't what your loved ones want? Why do we exist only not to save who we love?” the room slowly became clear. A young drein was standing in front of himself sleeping. Drein “all you do is sleep it all away, the pain, the anguish of never achieving your dream”

wave slowly walked to him in sorrow and acceptance. Wave “like in a wave, always being taken with it, watching all you love, all you want drift away. I asked myself this so many times. Why did you leave me? Was it my failures or weaknesses? She turned around in tears as she waved her hands. Wave “I believed my own blurry dream, so much that I disregarded the ones who I was dreaming for! No more will I drown in my past sorrow, no longer will I swim away from my deepest heart!”

drein “heh. Fairytales are overrated ehh?” she walked to drein and held his hand. Wave “that's just like you but this is all the fairytale. Come on brother, let's go back to reality, back to our true dream” drein ripped off his hand as he flew into his sleeping self. Drein “My dream will never die!” His eyes opened. The eye flowed blue rivers through countless other closed blue eyes with lunar comet fish around everyone. imaginer “I am awakening and I will awaken the beyond! No more dreams or reality, only infinite nothing!” etero “Who the hell is that?!”

cloudora “I don't know but I won't let it take our dreams, our reality! Didn't your mother teach you any manners!?” etero “even that had to be dreamt and remembered but that is worse than real pain or dreams that don't come true because at least in my dreams, it was born to me!” mazee merla “every thought, every emotion flows with everything, no matter what you end, our dreams will flow forever through everything, through you!” bogs “there's no fun in just being. How the hell are you going to have nothing if you never give it all?!”

The imaginer laughed. Imaginer appeared above them in a transparent triangular cloud form. Imaginer “did you ever give anything but even if you did, it was just a take of nothing as everything is a paradox of one, forever overriding another. This is a dream and memory of another that never happened and did. I'm just doing what's been done forever. I created this and I will uncreate it! Say goodbye to any last hope, any possibilities!” etero “Heh. Do you even question anything? Just because it's a cycle doesn't mean it should be! Remember that you are the same, a moment of our dreams and memories that never was and is but beyond it all!”

a blue energy flowed through the eyes. The eyes began flickering with dreams of everyone. Cloudora jumped up. Cloudora “yea! I sense it! It's wave!” eteros eyes lit up as he felt a surge of joyful soulful reconnection. Etero “wave. Were here waiting for you forever in every wave, in every reflection before and after this!” the eyes flowed blue energy into the main eye. It slowly closed as a large space wave flew from it over everyone and everything. Etero slowly awoke. Etero “ahh damn. Why does everything have to be so painful and dramatic?”

he saw he was on a shoreline with a cloudy horizon. Cloudora “is this our endless dream that we never see?” mazee merla “a dream with no change or reality” etero clenched his fist. Etero “No! How can this be the end?! Wave, us, we went through it all, just to have it never be? Waves dreams, our dreams, they are reality and one! Well make a new dream world that has to no choice to be real as it exists in everything!” cloudora smirked. Cloudora “Your thick headed rants have grown so much!” he felt something deep in his soul.

Mazee merla “etero?” etero slowly walked to the edge. He saw a bright light shine from the water. Etero “i'll be back before i'll return” he jumped into the water. Bogs “diving first and wondering later. reminds me of someone I know” mazee merla looked at him with a knowing yet motherly scolding face. Etero slowly fell down. He saw a black and white eye flashing. It turned into a lighthouse light. As the light shined, wave flashed as she stood on the horizon's edge.

Chapter eighteen

Etero “wave. I feel your every movement with mine!” he began swimming to her. Two eyes on each side of the horizon slowly came to a close like a curtain. He kept swimming towards her as the eye curtains kept closing in front of him. Mysterious voice “when you swim, we all swim, where you go, we go” Etero “then meet my words, my breath with me! Pull me under with you and I'll push you above!” he felt a weightless light pull him down. He slowly saw a floating lighthouse.

Etero “I am my waves” He closed his eyes. He felt waves shiver through his veins. He opened them to see wave standing in front of him in a bright wave light. She glowed a long blue dress that glistened the dreamy soul that swayed. Wave “you said you would come if I waved” Etero smiled. Etero “you know me. This rock is hard headed but also hard promising!” wave smirked. Wave “oh etero, I always knew you were there, waiting for me on the shoreline. Your sands move with my waves” etero “it seems you can't get rid of me can you?” they laughed. Wave “you see that?”

he looked in the distance. Wave “that is us on the shoreline” etero “so drein was right. In our waves, we're already there” wave “isn't it weird and lovely? That we get so lost in our own dreams, our own suffocating desire that we watch what's always been washed away?” etero “it doesn't get any more deeper than that. Maybe that's why it is like that cause if we knew then we would never know. We would never meet here in between, where the beginning and end truly breathes inside us. Wherever you go, remember that i'll always be there underneath, holding you in every moment!”

wave smiled. Wave “no matter how deep you go, no matter how far you are, i'll wave to you through anything. the many faces you showed me when you were in pain, when it was like the grandest soul chilling wonder, like I was taken through a thousand celestial dreams of familiar youth” etero smiled. Etero “every time I felt you, it was like all the weight was lifted off me. Like I could hold up the universe, a little kid and man going through the biggest adventures with you” she slowly drowned. Etero “wave!” he tried to grab her but she fell away. He swam to the lighthouse. He heard a voice through a wave. He swam to a window.

He smashed it open as he swam in. He saw her, with her eyes closed in a blue gown. Etero couldn't believe it. Etero “Wave!” he swam to her and lifted her up. Etero “Wave! Here's your broken hero!” he began swimming up as suddenly he stopped. He saw her legs attached to anchors of old moments. Etero swam to them. Etero “wave, you aren't here anymore, you are in every wave beyond here, with me!”

he touched the chains as they slowly broke into water. He grabbed her as he flew out of the house. He swam through countless horizon oceans. He saw snowa fox in a transparent form beside him. Etero “Snowa fox, you are always in my adventure!” snowa fox smiled. Snowa fox “till out next burn!” she swiped her tail at him as he launched up faster. He saw melody on a floating white music note. Melody “we are one melody. Hear mine through yours okay?” etero stood in shock as a tear fell down his face. He nodded. Melody sung as a music note appeared under him. It launched him beyond. Cloudora pointed to the ocean as she shook her hips. Bogs “What is it little cloudy puffy?!”

bogs “like we didn't know it would happen” etero floated onto the shore with wave. Everyone's eyes lit up. They ran to them. Etero “it gets tiring being the man” everyone laughed. Wave “imagine being the woman” everyone froze with wonder. Etero “wave?” wave “I know I can't explain everything I put you through, why I did it. My only wish is that you understand” cloudora “oh we understand, we're just wondering who you think you are!” wave smirked.

Cloudora ran to her and squeezed her. Wave “okay squishy pants!” Bogs “i should scratch you to the end but I know why. Don't make this kitty show you the true meow force!” they looked at him in oddity. Bogs “this is just like old times ehh?” Wave smiled as they high fived. Mazee merla “i know that you must go with where the waves take you” Wave smiled. Mazee merla “ Mazee merla “did you think you would get away with it?” Wave smirked.

Wave “is this the real beginning?” etero put his arms around her. Etero “it seems it is but of the one that always was waiting” wave felt something flow through her veins. Etero “what now? Can't you stop waving for a second?” wave “its him” wave dived into the water. Etero “i don't think I can keep doing this babe” she slowly swam to the shoreline. A man rolled beside her. Everyone “drein!” they lifted up their weapons. Drein “i wouldn't want it any other way. Seems like the waves, you can't stop me!”

mazee merla “you can't stop us from going beyond you either!” drein lowered his gunblade. Drein “Not now. As much as it would be my pleasure to fluster you and destroy you, I came to the conclusion that dreams are more than achieving them in reality, that they are us, that I always had it through all of this and you” Cloudora “now this is something you don't see everyday. Like a demon crying” drein laughed. Drein looked at wave with a new view. Drein “Anything goes in a dream ehh?” wave smiled as she shedded a tear.

An older man and woman ran to them. The older man had long blue hair and blue eyes. He had a long blue and silver garb on with a bandana on his head. the older woman had short brown hair and eyes. She wore a brown dress with blue and green triangle earrings. Woman and man “drein and wave!” they tackled them into the ground. Wave “are you sure you want to do that?” bogs “oh no, there's the old wave coming back” older woman “you don't know who I am?”

wave “don't recall” older woman and man “we are your parents!” everyone froze. Wave and dreins eyes lit up. They felt a surge of familiar soul chill flow through them. Wave “mom?” drein laughed. Drein “me? Parents?” the older woman “you are wave and drein right?” they nodded. the older man “i am liko and she is ocela. I know you feel us inside” wave and drein “mom and dad?!” they ran to them. Wave and drein shedded a tear. Bogs and cloudora spun around in a dance. Bogs “wave and drein have parents!” cloudora “as if there was any doubt! Everything comes from someone!” liko “we thought we lost you!” ocela “i always knew you would come back!” wave got up. Wave “we've been fighting forever and never. From being kids, imagining the grandest kingdoms and fairy tales to adults, living the brightest reality.

What's to come is going to be our true dream alive! this is our real beginning of our dream, our deepest freedom that's always been. Never stop dreaming but you couldn't even if you are tired!” everyone yelled with their deepest soul and youthfulness. Drein “our dreams live on through this, through you!” mazee merla was standing at the edge of the shoreline. Mazee merla “i can't be surprised. You were always one of a kind selfish hellish harpoonie but still I can't forget you yet. See me through my reflections waves”

she felt shadowians dragged her down into the water. Mazee merla “curse you wretched oblivious spaces!” she slowly saw a young girl fall away. Mazee merla “sister, everyone, it seems my own shadows will always have me” suddenly someone pulled her out. Mysterious voice “don't die from my coolness” mazee merla stood in shock. She knew who it was. She turned around, slashing at the man. Spash dodged each slash. Spash “I like your feisty lovely advances. Its when your deepest passions are alive!”

mazee merla swung her arms as she cried. Mazee merla “i can't say that i'm surprised you cheesy mystery!” she swung her arms around him. Spash held her tight. Spash “come on, like I would've came back any other way? You know I have to make an unforgettable entrance” mazee merla flicked his ear. Mazee merla “unforgettably forgettable” they laughed. Melodic voice “spash?!” some woman ran to him. Spash “oh dissena. You make dissonance enticing resonance” dissena smiled. Dissena “what's peace without its dark fun sound?” spash “yea. Let me introduce you. This is mazee merla” dissena smiled. Dissena “oh you. He told me much about you. I am dissena, your disharmonic wonder” mazee merla “i'm sure he has” she looked at him with a known suspicious look. Spash smirked.

Mazee merla “as you hear, I need no explanation. Nice to meet you” Dissena “same here. Let's go see everyone spash!” she ran off. Spash “Damn, don't you ever stop?” mazee merla “i'm glad you found her.” spash “Her dissonance was always with mine. Just like your sniveling pompous sea hagness was with me” mazee merla smirked. Mazee merla “i can't say I miss your sly too cool smug dramatic self either” spash laughed. Spash “No one does it like me ehh?” she walked off. Spash ran to her.

He turned her around. Spash “Did you think I was going to go out like that?” he slowly caressed her hair and he kissed her. Mazee merla eyes lit up with confusion and love. Mazee merla let go of his lips. Mazee merla “what about dissena?” spash “she's amazing but not like you. You are the one that makes me feel as if my dreams are real. Come on, you know I got to have fresh seawater” mazee merla smiled as he kissed him and grabbed his butt. Spash “Easy now, that's grade A” they laughed as they fell into the water.

Wave “I was never dead, just in a sedated awakening. I awaken through all of your awakenings!” all those words I said when I wasn't myself, I meant them more than you could ever know.” etero “i know wave. I felt them in your waves.” they smirked.

Wave, you were the one that made me strong when I was weak, you made me unbreakable when I was broken! You made my inner rock soft” Wave “you lifted my sorrows beyond the seemingly impossible to reach the surface. The dream is this. It is dreaming and being forever because if we didn't dream anymore, we couldn't become real, we would have no reason to be. They say death is the sweet release but when you close your eyes is when you feel the deepest pain, I guess that is when we are truly alive, when we know what we're leaving behind”

etero “ Not behind, in front of us and now. When you wave, I wave.” Wave put her hand over eteros face. Etero touched it. etero felt a rage of passion and love flow through his veins. Etero “you feel just like her” He looked at her with a warming sincerity. Wave smiled with her charming soul. His stoned face slowly broke apart. He sighed as they watched the silver ash fly away into phoenixes. Etero “you are the lovely dream to break me away from my walls. I was always weightless but only your tranquil wave could make me see beyond the past again” He walked away.

Waves hair blew in the wind. Wave “these tears of expressed love and lost, they don't fall, they flow through me, rivers of empty dreams and empty souls, seemingly weightless, purifying cries of melodic silence, each crash adding to the dancing sadness as it led me to your stone arms, the dissonance that once drowned me was what found me, where I heard my resonating harmony freed, the other side of me that gone unheard, the solace of endless peace, it was all the resonance of dissonance, the essence of revelation, to know harmony is to know disharmony”

Wave waved at him. Etero stopped and turned around. He ran to her. Wave smiled and walked away. Etero scratched his head. etero “Hey wave.” Wave turned around in slow motion. Her hair swaying a thousand sapphire breezes. Etero “are you the ocean cause your beauty goes forever” wave turned around as she smirked. Etero “come on! You know you liked that one!” he ran to her. He turned her around. Etero “I love it when you are waving by, it's when I know I am moving” she smirked. He passionately kissed her as he caressed her hair and back.

Wave smiled for the first time inside. Wave “haha. Enjoy it now cause i'll be gone before I go” etero smirked. Etero “that's how I know I got what never was” wave “love at first and last wave ehh?” a woman and man swam to the surface. Miry and ryen “is this reality or another real dream always here and not?” a cell grew in darkness as it became a musical note. Note “I am the first and last note ever that never sang” it became memories and dreams, futures and pasts, snowa fox, melody and ended as wave. She smiled and waved away.


