




The Journey to Northumberland
And the Rise of Undertoads
Author: 
Kenneth J Mullinix



















~Contents~


Chapter 1: A Fairy Circle...........................................................................6

Chapter 2: Frank Fatbottom Junior..........................................................16

Chapter 3: Walpurgis Night and the Widdershins Dance........................37

Chapter 4: Digger the Blue Moon Hare...................................................64

Chapter 5: Atamo the Astral Fairy...........................................................88

Chapter 6: Túngara Spadefoot, the King of the Undertoads..................106

Chapter 7: Noctuid the Black Witch......................................................127 

Chapter 8: Spydos (Arachnide Trarantulos)..........................................137

Chapter 9: Morrígan the Stone Troll......................................................160

Chapter 10: The Journey to Morpeth Falls 
                    and the Möjebro Runestone...............................................174

Chapter 11: Hydrarchos the Water Serpent...........................................192

Chapter 12: The Land Draug of Hagby Tower......................................208

Chapter 13: Túngarar Spadefoot and the Rise of the Undertoads.........247

Chapter 14: Back to the Fairy Circle.....................................................274

Chapter 15: Back to Centerville.............................................................300

Preview of the Entire Trilogy of Charlie the Great White Horse...........309



~Chapter 1~
A Fairy Circle

    "Molly don't step into that fairy circle!" loudly proclaimed a discomforted Louis, "you might not be able to get out, you could fall under an evil spell of a wicked fairy." 
    "What fairy circle...what are you bellowing about Louis?" asked an alarmed Molly as she quickly stepped backwards away from Louis, and his disapproval of her.   
    "See these small mushrooms growing here in this circle? These are called by many names such as the mycena galericulata or common bonnet mushrooms. Or they have been known to be called the toque mycena, or the rosy-gill fairy helmets." 
 Louis pointed about the large, flat grassy field, to the left then towards the right. He gestured for Molly to move backwards even further.
    "Yes, I see them...and your point is?"
    "Let me explain in more detail. Look again about the field here. I have been working on this for weeks now."
  Molly stepped backwards another tentative step, seeing more worry now appearing in Louis's eyes.
    "You see Molly, this is known as an: elf circle, elf ring, fairy ring or a pixie circle. This is thirty three feet in diameter...the common size of a fairy circle...I researched it. Now listen. This is a naturally occurring ring of mushrooms or fungus. The scientific word for mushrooms is fungus. A mushroom is the fleshy, spore-bearing fruiting body of a fungus. Did you know that?"
    "No so what? You sound so serious, knowing all the names of the mushrooms and everything. All boys, they just care about the silliest things."
    "This is not silly, be serious Molly. This is important. Now, you see the mushrooms are seeking food from underground, and I am helping them grow the best I can. I have been watering them, since I first found the circle a few weeks back. I have been spreading mulch on the ground below each mushroom. If you look in the middle of the fairy circle, the grass is dead or as us, "Fairy Circle Tenders" call it...the necrotic zone.
    "Have you gone daft again...what are you up to now Louis? Every time you start some new hobby or craft, or get interested in something, you get in trouble. BIG trouble, I might say. Or create trouble for everyone else. 
  Remember in Miss Tremble's science class last winter, when you blew up your class project, that ice sculpture that Chug and you spent so much time on? You had used Mr. Beamer's ice making machine to make it, and it was loaded with some stupid methane gas and you...you...you almost burned down the schoolhouse."
     "Oh...don't bring that up again. Miss Tremble gave me an F in that class for that, and man was my mom mad."
    "Please don't tell me you're at it again, doing something dangerous? Now what am I looking at again?"
    "Are you asking the renowned "Fairy Circle Tender" a question?" asked Chug Martin as he emerged from the nearby watering hole dripping wet.
  Louis smiled slyly at his best friend Chug Martin, he then back to face Molly. He continued to speak.
   "Well, listen for a minute, and let me explain what you are looking at. Molly this is a gateway to an elfin kingdom, or at least it will be on Walpurgis Night coming up on the last day of April, the first day of spring, in a few days. We are going to go Widdershins during the full blue moon, and open the fairy circle up, and see what comes out."
    "Molly listen to Louis, he knows what he's doing. He knows all about fairies, elves, and the like. And a lot about mushrooms, for that matter, you see he found an odd book in Mr. Beamer's attic, that explains all about how should I say it...um...it's Black Magic" said Chug as he grabbed a nearby towel.
    "We are going to do what? This is an elf kingdom, what? Louis you have really outdone yourself this time. And Chug you are a part of this as well. Oh, please keep going, there has to be more, why stop now?"
    "Molly, Chug is just my helper on this, all "Fairy Circle Tenders" need helpers, or he is more like my trainee. Now listen up, this is very...very...important. If we do the Widdershins or as it is sometimes called by other names: Withershins or a Widershine dance correctly, an elf or fairy will appear and dance with us. We will have to dance in a counter-clockwise direction or to the left, then we..."
    "A Widdershins dance, I am sure that will be sweeping the country soon enough. All of our friends will be doing that just as soon as they hear about it. I can't wait to start," said Molly as her words dripped with sarcasm, while she performed a little jig to the amusement of Chug.
    "Nice dance Molly. Now don't interrupt me, listen up now. After we do the dance correctly, a fairy or elf will appear, then we will be able to capture the fairy if you want. Would'nt you like to have an elf or a fairy as a friend or for whatever?"
    "Louis fairies don't exist. You know that, and if they did, you or I surely are not going to be able to capture one. The only thing you have ever caught or captured is a stupid cold."
  Louis gave Molly a look of irritation at her disbelieving his story, and about what he was try to achieve. Molly smiled lovingly at Louis as she playfully jumped upon his back. Both tumbled into the tall, soft grass, as Louis looked deeply into his young girlfriends dark green eyes. 
    "I will always love you Louis, even if you are a daydreamer, and even if you do have the strangest and weirdest hobbies."
    "Well I will always love you as well Molly, but this is going to work. You just watch. I have been reading about these fairy circles, for quite some time now, and about elves, witches, and the like from a book I found up in Mr. Beamer's attic, just as Chug said. You've been up and about there, you have seen all that strange stuff he has, and all the odd goings on," said Louis as he rolled Molly on her back then proceeded to sit on top of her thin chest.
  Molly tried her best to break free as she spoke again, "Louis you just let me know when the Widdershins dance is to begin, and I will be there. I will bring Tessie Whitman, Becky, Short Stack and Growlin Harry, and a few of our other friends from school. We can all dance together and see if we can communicate with your fairies or elf's, or whatever else you are going to...so called...raise from the dead."
    "Not the dead Molly...but...the un-dead...up from under the ground below us" said an amused Chug.
    "That's right Chug...the...the...un-dead, or semi-dead. Are you scared yet Molly?" inquired a bemused Louis who smiled right along with Chug.
    "No I am not scared at all boys. Remember I've accidentally smelled your dirty socks before, talk about being scared. Alright, it sounds like a fun night, let me know when again and what night you want us all here" understood Molly as she finally pushed Louis off her. 
  She quickly rose to her feet; lightly she brushed the dried grass out of her hair. 
    "I am heading over to Tessie's house for afternoon tea. Heck, I am late already. Don't stay out here too long or your mom will get mad at you Louis, and that goes for you as well Chug, your mom's will ground you both again for the one-hundredth time. 
  Oh and by the way, Louis has you ever thought about whom or who started this circle growing in the first place, it might not just be a natural occurrence you know. You said you just found it and started to tend to it. It's just a thought Louis, just a thought."
  Louis showed a perplexed look on his face as it contorted up in deep thought. 
  Was Molly right? 
  He had never thought about that before. Under his breath he rambled on a bit as Molly rode off on her bike. Louis then shrugged his shoulders as he turned away from Molly and back towards his work for the day. 
  Molly slowly disappeared from the clearing by the watering hole. She looked back and called out once more. "Just make sure you know what you are doing Louis, because if you raise any evil-spirits or evil-elf's, dark-fairies or worse, I will never forgive you Louis...never. If you raise a foul-fairy, did you know that they can cast spells upon all who enter the fairy circle, or in your case being the "Fairy Circle Tender", they can cast a worst and horrible spell upon you."
  Darn her, thought Louis as he spun about in disbelief at what he had just heard. She is so smart and what if I do get in trouble or worse...raise trouble...he thought.
    "Boy I never thought of that either Louis, oh man, oh man...what if she is right?" deadpanned Chug. 
  Molly finally disappeared out of sight down the last bend in the dirt road. 
      "Now how did she know that Chug? I thought she didn't believe in fairies or fairy circles and knew nothing about all this stuff," inquired Louis as he shook his head from side to side, "she never fails to amaze me. I guess that is why I love her so much."
    "She is very smart Louis, you should take her words to heart, but this sure is going to be fun. I cannot wait to scare the heck out of her, and her friends in a few days. By the way, did you notice all the tadpoles in the watering hole? They are big and everywhere. I wonder what's going on with that."
    "Yeah I did notice that. Remember it is springtime so maybe that is just normal. Just like beavers come out this time of year as well" said Louis.
    "Come to think of it I saw a beaver over there as well and he sure was ugly. He had oversized front teeth, they were all broken up and he was one of the biggest beaver's I have ever seen before. I saw him by the wooden dam at the far end."
    "Glad I did not see that Chug" said Louis as he scrunched up his face, raised his fingers under his chin, wiggled them, then made a beaver face.
    "Let's get back to business again Louis, is our plan still in place?"
    "Yep...it sure is" replied Louis as he winked at Chug.
  Chug went about getting out of his wet bathing suit, changing into dry clothes, then finding his lunch, located in his backpack as Louis's mind began to race once more. 
  Louis went back to work lost in thought. His attentions were darker and more worrisome now than before. Even though Louis mostly wanted to play a trick on some of his friends, in the back of his mind he thought there really might be something to a fairy world that he had been reading about lately. His visions earlier of good fairies, good elf's or what else he might raise from the underworld quickly vanished from his mind. His mind churned, it was just consumed with worry now. To himself, he started to run an on-going stream of alternate visions and images. 
  He spoke to himself once again, "What if it's not a cute little white fairy or a fairy at all, that rises up from below? I had better start reading a little more about this before I get in "real trouble". Maybe Molly is right after all...what if...?"
  Louis searched about the tall grasses found all about him. He located his backpack. After grabbing a sandwich...like Chug had...he sat down on a large rock found nearby. Chug ate his lunch then proceeded to lie down in the wild-grass to take a quick nap, and warm up in the afternoon sun. After his quick lunch Louis once again began searching about his backpack, after a moment more he found inside what he was looking for. It was an old, well-worn, and very strange looking, leather-bound book that he had borrowed (without permission of course), from Mr. Beamer's (his next door neighbor) library, which is found up in his attic. 
  Mr. Beamer was a likeable older gentleman that all the kids in town knew very well. He had lived in Centerville, Indiana his whole life, so of course all the local townsfolk were acquainted with him and highly respected him. 
  As for Mr. Beamer's attic and the fantastic baubles, trinkets, strange artifacts, ancient books and relics, stored there, all the kids in town often wondered what real secrets his dusty old attic harbored. Any chance Louis or any of the other kids in town could get up there either by a personal invite from Mr. Beamer, or when he and his wife were out of town, they would sneak up there to investigate what strange treasures they could find.
 Mr. Beamer was well known for the strange goings on up in his attic, but he was also very popular because of his out of this world storytelling, and his bizarre long-winded stories. Most Friday nights in the summertime he would gather most of the children in town to his back porch, to drink hot cider or hot chocolate, and when the time was right, off he would go with one far-fetched story after an another, of his travels around the world, or of strange other-world beasts or out of this world places he had discovered in his travels, all to the glee of the local children.  
  Mr. Beamer would light his corncob pipe, draw his over-sized straw hat down closer towards his soft inviting eyes, and recline in his old rickety rocking chair; the stories would just flow out of his mouth like a Sunday sermon delivered from the revered Reverend Howard Honest man.
  Louis was by far the most stupefied and enthralled by the bizarre and wonderful stories told on these Friday nights, because Louis had an out of the ordinary interest for daydreaming and lucid night dreams himself. 
  The odd stories told on these warm summer nights seem to be spoken directly to Louis himself at least that is how, in his mind it was. It was as if Louis had a better understanding of the natural world and the un-natural world for that matter, that Mr. Beamer presented to him, from his stories, and from inside of the books Mr. Beamer would let him borrow from his library, and from the books he sometimes would not let him borrow.
  Louis delved into the fanciful book held in his arms this day once more as the inviting, warm mid-afternoon sunshine bore down on his boyish shoulders. Lost inside of the pages as he sat in the tall grasses, his mind opened up like a flower's peddles to the warmth of a spring sun. His imagination began to grown once again. 
    "Now let me see, the chapter headings, oh here they are" Louis turned each page slowly and with eagerness in his thoughts. As the chapter headings un-folded like spring leaves before him, he felt that he was truly a fairy circle tender. He needed to understand more the ways to make the magic held inside of the fairy ring besides him come to bear. 
                         
Chapter #1 
Swamp & Bog Monsters
all you need to know about them

Chapter #2 
Forest, Mountain and Stone Trolls 
how to know the difference/ how to outwit them/ how to stay out of their bellies

Chapter #3 
Leprechauns
how to contact one when needed and how to avoid an evil one

Chapter #4 
Witch Smellers
what are they and do you really need one

Chapter #5 
Water Serpents
how to stay on their good side and out of their bellies

Chapter #6
Can Animals Talk 
spells/ incantations/ and magic to make your animals talk

Chapter #7
Abominable Snowmen/ Yetis and Big-foots
how to stay out of their bellies and on their good side

Chapter #8
Hobgoblins
how to turn the semi un-dead back into the dead

Chapter #9
Undertoads and the Underworld
there and back- how to survive the underworld and hungry toads

Chapter #10
Fairies and Fairy Circles
How to travel in and out of them
how to spot good fairies and bad fairies

  On and on it went: chapter after chapter. Louis read each chapter heading hoping that he would never have to get out of some foul creatures belly, or travel into the strange worlds listed within this book, or meet any the awful beasts noted throughout the pages. Looking further downward, across the headings, he finally found what he was looking for. He turned to page two-hundred and started to read aloud to himself.

Chapter #10 
Fairies and fairy circles
(Sub-heading) So you found a Fairy Circle-now what?
What is a fairy? Fairies are generally described as human in appearance and having magical powers. Their origins are less clear in the folklore, being variously dead, or some form of demon, or a species completely independent of humans or angels. Folklorists have suggested that their actual origin lies in a conquered race living in hiding, or in religious beliefs that lost currency with the advent of faith. These explanations are not necessarily incompatible, and they may be traceable to multiple sources.
  Fairies: faery, faerie, fay, fae, wee-folk, good folk, people of peace, or fair folk. They are of mythical beings or legendary creatures, a form or spirit often described as metaphysical, supernatural or preternatural in nature.
  The most common fairy are: Siths or Fairies they call Sleagh Maith or the Good People...are said to be of middle nature between Man and Angel, as were Daemons thought to be of old; of intelligent  fluidous Spirits, and light changeable bodies (like those called Astral) somewhat of the nature of a condensed cloud, and best seen in twilight. These bodies are so pliable through the subtlety of Spirits that agitate them that they can make them appear or disappear at pleasure.
After you know what types of fairies you are dealing with, you now need to know where they originate. Northumberland fairies are the hardest to find and the most trustful. 
  Louis found Mr. Beamer's ancient book to be a virtual encyclopedia about beasts and creatures of the under-world, otherworld and the out-of-this-world. Each page read was more outlandish and horrifying, or delightful in some strange way, than the one before. 
  Louis read on, lost in thought as only a small boy with big dreams could do. He turned to look at Chug who was now innocently snoring besides him. Louis smiled at his friend then continued to read on. The more he read the less he understood. The less he understood the more he wanted to read. The more he read the wearier and worried he became. But he felt he knew enough after reading though out the rest of the afternoon, that he could still contact the right fairy under the faint light of the full blue moon, that would surely rise on the first day of spring, not too far off in the near future.
    "Man I better be careful or there could certainly be trouble, this could get real scary if I mess this one up", said Louis. And no one knew better about messing things up than the world-renown troublemaker Robert Louis Parks. 
  He was the blundered of all things in the quaint city of Centerville, Indiana, found in the heart of the state. More than a few times Louis had been in trouble with his school and teachers, the local police department, his parents and even his friends. If there was an "incident", it was just a, "accident" Louis would always say. Weather it was accidentally breaking windows with errant baseballs, breaking into Mrs. Tumble's attic to visit Harvey the Ghost, or missing school because he would sneak up into Mr. Beamer's attic to delve into his library or artifacts found there, there was just always something going on with poor little Louis. 
  Adding to the modest Louis's troubles were of course; being overly small for his age, having bright red hair and for having apple-colored, fluorescent red freckles splattered across his impish face. Then there was his: inattentiveness, wanderlust, informal attitude, plain negligent behavior, carelessness, inattentiveness, forgetfulness, relaxed behavior, and inattention to most things, neglect of chores, and the ever-present distractions of everyday life. All of this of course ruled Louis's world. His was a world of despair at sometimes matter-of-factly most of the time. 
  Louis was an Only Child; having no other brothers or sisters. His father had gone off to war when he as a bit smaller and younger, which explains some things but not others. Louis always wanted to have a few brothers or sisters to play with and grow up with, maybe when his father comes back. 
  Louis always daydreamed about that more than anything else did.
  All of these troubles were only doubled by the many bullies in town and in his school, and in a few days the biggest bully of all would be back to visit from Indianapolis (the state's capital). And who is the worst bully of them all? Why of course...Frank Fatbottom Junior...the son of the governor of the state...Frank Fatbottom Senior.
  Last year this extremely rotund, mean-spirited, half-man, half-beast would be back for spring break to visit his aunt who lived right here in Centerville. He came every year, for this one-week and all the kids in town knew it. Louis had bigger and worse fears on his mind now than; evil fairies, dark elves, or foul creatures bellies, because the biggest fear of all the kids in the world was about to visit Centerville for spring break. 
  



























~Chapter 2~
 Frank Fatbottom Junior

    "Muncy...come here pal!" yelled out Louis at the top of his shuddering lungs, as he searched about the far side of the large grassy field in front of his farmhouse. Muncy darted and dashed towards his best friend and Master Louis. His tail was wagging, ears were flopping and drool flowed freely from both sides of his mouth.    
    "Come here boy, come here!" Oh, what a sight to see, a young boy and his best friend together again. Muncy flew off a large nearby rock, going airborne, hitting Louis directly in the sternum, sending both tumbling about the ground. Louis's baseball hat slapped off his forehead and tumbled into the nearby shallow stream. "I love you too Muncy. Did you catch any rabbits today? I hear there is Blue Moon Hare Rabbit that lives in these parts; he keeps stealing Mr. Beamer's carrots out of his vegetable garden next door. I've seen him before. One day I am going catch him in the act, and it will be curtains I tell ya." Muncy smiled wildly as only a young golden retriever can. He slobbered on Louis's shirt then licked his thin face.
    "Louis did you hear...?" yelled out an excited Chug as he approached Louis from a distance.
    "Hear what Chug...?" yelled back Louis as he turned around and spotted Chug riding his bike up the dirt road, and in through the white picket fence that surrounds Louis's front yard.
    "Frank Fatbottom Jr. rolled into town today, and do I mean rolled. He is over at his aunt's house wolfing down a few apple pies right now. You know that big, dark horrible looking castle at the outskirts of town. You know that creepy old black house on that far hillside. The one that none of kids ever goes to?"
    "Yeah I know that house. The one that looks like trolls or hobgoblins might live there?"
    "Yep that's the one. Well make sure you stay away from that witches den no matter what, but anyway I think ole' Fatbottom is storing up more fat than ever to roll, right over the top of you."
    "You should not be so mean Chug. You know he cannot help being fat. And that is not funny...rolling over me. You know he has it out for me this year. Last year he beat up Short Stack real bad remember. Short Stack should not have teased him about being so overweight so he gave him a real "shiner" in his left eye, before he left to go back to school up north. He said he would be coming after me this year, and now he is back in town. Did you hear anything more?"
    "Yes sir, I heard he is even meaner and nastier now than then, and he's put on another fifty pounds since last year. Someone said he has even been in jail for beating up a few other kids in his own town. I have not seen him yet, but Tessie Whitman told Hot Tamale Molly, and Hot Tamale Molly told Stuttering Sammy, and Sammy told Growlin Harry, and old Growlin Harry told me that he arrived last night on the number 7 train from the state capital in Indianapolis, and has been here since late last night."
    "Man oh man...this is not good...I am in a world of trouble. I did not put on fifty pounds this year, and I think I even shrunk some. Most kids grow, I shrink...man oh...man."
    "I would sure hate to be you in the next few days Shorty. You're gonna get it, and for nothing, for just being small and not being able to defend yourself. Glad I am taller than you and can run faster than him, or he would probably get us both."
    "Well I did laugh at him along with everyone else that day at the watering-hole when Short Stack started to make fun of him, you were there as well laughing, along with all the other kids that day. He might get us both...how'd you know he's not after you as well?"
  Chug gulped.
    "I think I'll be worse than a hobgoblin or a troll the next few days. I'll be a ghost and go missing. That way I won't be getting any black eyes either," said Chug as he stood sideways, sucked in his gut and tried to look as thin as can be.
  This brought a smile to Louis's face as he too mimicked Chug.
  Both laughed aloud.  
    "Anyway, are we still going to Widdershins tomorrow night like we planned?" said a more amused Chug, not fully understanding Louis's predicament and worries, or maybe even his own yet.
    "Well yeah, we are going Widdershins, everything is planned. It will be the first night of the full moon, the blue moon. Molly is helping to set the whole thing up. I talked to her the other day about it, and about half of the schoolhouse kids are now coming. She's even bringing some of her mom's apple pies and some fresh cooked brownies for snacks. Heck, I've got my Widdershins suit ready, my new hat, my Widdershins song is rehearsed and the mushrooms, in the fairy circle are fully-grown and ready to co-operate. It's all ready. Tomorrow is the only night we can raise the dead, un-dead or a fairy, good or evil for that matter. It has to be that night only, March 1st, per my readings in that book from Mr. Beamer's attic."
    "OK, Louis I've got it, but let's not forget about ole Fatbottom Junior. You don't think he will show up, do you?" asked Chug as he sat on the chair-swing on Louis's front porch to try and relax for a moment. With two great leaps Muncy pounced onto Chug's lap, giving him a lick on the face, he then went about searching for a few pats on the head in return of the favor. Chug obliged the very needy Muncy.
  Louis started to pace around the front yard by the porch where Chug was now comfortably sitting with Muncy in his lap. He picked up a few small stones, lying nearby. He tossed them into the small fishing-pond in his front yard in a slipshod manner. His mind began to race. Worry filled his thoughts, as sweat began to pour down the sides of his face. The full scale of the situation finally filled his young mind with sheer terror as he began to yell out.
    "Yeah, he might show up...but...but...and...he's...gonna kill me! I don't want any black-eye...or...or...worse. What if he knocks out my teeth? Aggggg!!!!"
  This frightened Muncy and Chug in unison. Both jumped to their feet, knocking over a few empty, milk cans nearby. Muncy flew backwards off the porch, landing in a nearby thicket while Chug tumbled forward into Louis's outstretched arms.
    "Don't yell out like that!" blurted out Chug as he and Louis tumbled into the thicket where Muncy had just unceremoniously landed "you almost gave me and Muncie a heart attack".
  Louis popped his head out of the bushes as Muncy licked his face. Chug patted Louis on the back, then brushed off some leaves off him and Muncy, as they both tried together to comfort little Louis the best they could. Muncy nudged up to Louis's side as Chug spoke with a little confusion showing in his voice, "What if we...we...ah...er...all grouped up on him? You know...ah...get all the kids to fight him at once, on your behalf? Or we hide for the whole week until he leaves or...er...or...we hire a bigger kid in school to be your bodyguard...or..."
  Both headed back towards the front porch to clean up the spilled milk cans as Muncy found a shade tree in the front yard to rest under.
   Louis gathered his breadth and tried to quell his pounding heart. He began to methodically work through the situation at hand. He scratched the top of his head then turned his head upwards to the heavens deep in thought. 
    "I like those ideas Chug...but let me think a minute."
    "All your friends might help you out. Heck you are the most popular kid in school, even if you have that crazy flaming red hair and those funny looking freckles," said a now self-amused Chug.
   Louis shot Chug a quick scolding look, as Chug responded in kind, it was an understanding that only two best friends could have. Louis gave an uneasy chuckle then went back into deep thought.
    "No that won't work, even with ten kids trying to hold him down, he's huge, well over six foot tall and from what you said with that added weight, he's gonna weigh well over three hundred and fifty pounds. How we gonna stop that out-of-control roller coaster?"
    "Good point."
    "Chug I knew him before he was so fat, remember about four years ago, he use to come to town on vacation, and we all got along with him, then the next year he put on all that weight, then the next year, and so on and so on. Something must have happened to him."
    "Yeah, he ate too much."
    "No you don't understand that just does not happen for no, darn reason. Maybe he is sick and has not told anybody, or maybe it's something else. He's depressed?"
    "Yeah he's depressed he does not have more to eat!"
    "You're not getting the point Chug. I am being serious here for a moment. He was really a good kid before, then he just changed for the worst, and maybe this is how he's dealing with it...food...he's comfort-eating."
    "Your good heart with be the death of you someday Louis or your savior, I don't know, but all I can say is he's gonna kill you when he runs into you in a day or so, or tomorrow night. You'd better think of something quick, and I mean real quick."
    "Well I will come up with something. Maybe I can talk with Mr. Beamer or my mom, they can help out. Alternatively, maybe even talk with Turk the Blacksmith? He's always got good advice and takes care of us kids. Walpurgis Night and the Widdershins Dance are coming soon, so I only got so much time. I gotta go Chug. If you come up with anything else let me know, will you? You are very smart and my best friend, so I am depending on you," understood Louis as he grabbed his bike and headed towards the front gates, and on to the dirt road towards town.     
    "Louis, I will take a mid-morning nap here on your porch if you or Hattie May don't mind and, and hopefully something will come to me later today, especially after your mom finishes baking those cookies I have been smelling the whole time we've been here. I'll help you all I can, you can depend on me Louis. You know you can."
    "You just want an excuse to take a nap and get some free cookies. I know you Chug, you live the most pleasant life of anyone I know, except when it comes to hanging around with me. You've seen me in action way too many times I guess...trouble...trouble...always trouble with me..." proclaimed Louis as he winked again at Chug. 
  Chug winked back at Louis before he closed both his eyes. He gently placed both of his hands behind his head as he slowly laid back into the cloth swing. The warm sun went missing as a few dark storm clouds hung overhead; this only foreshadowed the real troubles brewing below. And a storm of trouble was fermenting in Indiana on this day, and soon more trouble would surface on the horizon for a few children who resided in Centerville.

*

    "Auntie Elphie, you don't think I'm fat do you? Because these are the best cherry pies I've ever eaten, and this being my third pie today...well...what I mean to say is if you eat this much you could get fat," stated Frank Junior as another fork full of, hatred and disdain for the world passed over his plumb cherry red lips. 
    "No Junior, you are just the right weight for your height. You're just big boned, that's all."
    "I'm glad to hear that from you auntie because all of the kids I know make fun of me for being, shall I say large for my age, or...or...do I dare say it...fat. I always thought they were wrong, and were just being mean, you know how kids can be cruel?"
    "Of course I do dear, I was a kid once, and I was a bit overweight for my age as well," understood Auntie Elphie as she wiped some of her own delicious cherry pie off her saggy third chin.
    "So you are saying I'm overweight then?" said the overly sensitive boy.
    "No...oh...no...I did not mean that. Just stay there at the kitchen table, and eat all you want honey, and don't worry about those kids being cruel. Remember you can beat up any of them up if they cause you any problems. That is how your dad and I use to take care of that problem. Now your father is up in Indianapolis at the State House taking care of everybody. Remember he is the governor and has been, for what four terms now. I don't hear anybody calling him fat anymore and he's a lot bigger than you, or me, for that matter," alleged Elphie as she cut Frank another piece of freshly baked pie.
    "That's funny you would mention beating up kids, dad taught me well about doing that. You see I have this little runt, a red-haired kid here in town that I got problems with, see. I hear he's been making fun of me again for being fat, just like that other kid last year...er...ah...Short Stack...yeah that was his name. I gave him a big shiner for spouting off as well, and look what happened to him, I guess he won't be laughing at me anymore. And that little red-haired runt was laughing right along with him and some other kid named Chug Martin. We'll see who gets the last laugh on this matter, that's for sure."
    "Good I am glad to hear you talking like that because no one calls my little Junior fat, and they SURE better not call me fat either!"
  While she was looking out of her kitchen window towards Centerville below Elphie's face knotted and scrunched up. Shear anger darted from her beady black eyes. Junior made a fat fist, then proceeded to punch the center of the oversized pie in front of him, sending cherry filling spewing out in all directions, covering himself and his plump aunt from her bulbous balding head down to her thick, curled and smelly toes.
  Elphie Fatbottom's unnatural home was found at the very top of the largest hill on the outskirts of town. At the base of the hill to the east there was a foreboding thick, dark forest (that no one ever entered, especially the children) and to the west sat Centerville's only graveyard that was surrounded by a watery bog. And to the north was a large wooden bridge across the mysterious Black River. A large wooden dam slowed the river and fed a large lake found at one end.  
  From the dales and smaller mounts below and from downtown, it seemed everyone could see the strange, vile home from all over the city. Aunt Elphie's house was constructed of black pine wood and brown mud bricks, all slipshod covered with a dark thatched roof made of raggedy dried straw. The bricks were so tightly fitted together; it made the home appear to be made of black granite or a black pearl stone. The building stood well over sixty feet high and seemed to lean to one side. It looked similar to where a witch might live or evil sorcerer. Beeswax candles illuminated the interior of the house at night and this gave an eerie glow to the many large fog-shrouded wooden windows at night. Blue fogs and foul smelling chimney smokes were known to circle the house in strange circular patterns throughout the many nights when someone was found to be home. Red-Eyed bats and clever ravens lived amongst the thick, dark, and tangled forest that lay at the base of the hill. This only added to the unclean and ungodly feel about the place. 
  What strange goings on happened up there, no one really knew, but this was the place that Frank Fatbottom would be calling home for the next week.
  Frank's auntie fared no better than her house. 
  She was unkempt and soiled in her appearance. Scraggly dark curls of dirty hair fell about her thick shoulders and broad neck. Her fingernails were polluted and fetid at the ends of her chunky fingers. With broad waist, hips and legs she appeared manlier more than feminine to an ordinary onlooker.
  She wore an all-black dress. It was threadbare and raggedy, and out of place for the common clothing of a woman of that era, might wear. The cotton cloth was highlighted by a rank smell, like that of a wet cat searching about inside of a heaping dump. Simply put she looked like a black witch who lived in a witches' lair. 
  Sometimes at night the lingering heavy fogs would enter the home through an open window, the fogs hung malovent about her feet. When this would happen, it would give her the air of gliding across the floor when she walked, as if she was some type of after-walker, or the embodiment of a dark spirit who was raised from the dead.  
  As she stirred a large black pot of rancid soup, boiling in the middle of the large kitchen Frank Junior spoke out words of dislike and revolt once again.
    "I hate that little red-haired kid! I couldn't wait to get down here for spring break. I'm going to punch Louis right in the stomach, and knock the cherry fillings out of him as well, just like this pie!" Frank Jr. slammed another fat fist violently into the center of another cherry pie. Two small, black magpies shot out of the pie screaming at the tops of their tiny lungs, as the fillings flew out in all directions about the kitchen, both ex-prisoners escaped through a partially open window, squawking out an awful alarm as they frantically scattered towards freedom.
    "What were those two black birds doing in there auntie. That's something a witch would put in a pie," said the now intrigued and fattened boy.
  Auntie smiled manically towards the gluttonous child.
    "Just don't you worry Junior, you're in good hands here. You'll do my biddings...ah...oh...er...I mean you will be building a good relationship with me while you're here on vacation." The slip of the tongue went un-noticed by the now captivated boy.
  Elphie slyly watched Frank's two eyes became a little droopy and glazed over. The effects of the spellbound pies were starting to take their toll on his young impressionable mind.    
  Junior licked his lips and fingers. They were now as dry as his throat. He gulped down a glass of dark odd-looking brew found sitting in a dirty glass on the kitchen table. He ravenously drank down the peculiar potion. Grabbing a towel off the nearby towel rack, he wiped the rest of the pie off his outsized clothes. He threw the soiled towel over to his auntie as both strangely laughed aloud at the top of their lungs. 
  When Frank tried to wrap his arms around his auntie for support, he found his arms were excessively short and bulky to get around her. She in kind tried to return the favor but to no avail. They looked a pair of Tyrannosaurus Rex's or Looney birds locked in some kind of odd mating dance. They circled about the room laughing and hugging the best they could. 
  The delicious spell had worked to perfection.
  Junior steadied himself then spoke, "Elphie Fatbottom...Auntie, I am going down into town now. I've got to go make my large presence known. I only got in late last night, and I only have a week in town to terrorize everyone. I have not had any fun yet with scaring the kids or adults in town so far. Let me just go stir the pot a little if you know what I mean."
    "That's the kid I helped raise, nobody can say I did you wrong, and of course you are real good with that community service stuff."
  Both again laughed aloud at how clever they both were. 
    "I need to go make some proper introductions to a few of the cowardly, smaller kids in town now. Every "bully" picks on the smaller kids, that's the way it's always been in every town, and that's how it gonna be today. I've got a reputation to keep you know. I would not want anybody to think I've gone soft on em..."
    "You know a lot of kids picked on me when I was younger Frank, and just look at me I turned out just fine, and with no hatred or distaste for my childhood at all" said the frightening, old lady as she stirred the boiling smelly soup once more.
  Frank found his walking stick lodged behind the kitchen door. He grasped it in one hand as he headed for the front door.
    "Go have your fun now and tell me all about it when you get back. See ya Junior," said the proud auntie. 
  As Frank turned his back to her, a large frying pan slammed off of the back of Junior's back, sending him and it flying into the front door and a small window found nearby, smashing the window glass to pieces in the confusion. Junior did not look backwards, he took his humiliation and shame in stride as only an abused young child-man could.
  Shaking off a few broken shards of glass Junior trundled, out the front door of the dark castle, and down the red brick road towards his calling. A gathering of criminal thoughts shot through his hateful and cluttered mind.
  As the door slammed behind him and the sounds of the shattering glass subsided, all the other kids in the Foster House ran towards the upper windows to see Junior toddle down the hill towards town. Many of the boys and even some of the girls murmured and whispered to each other and themselves about how safe they were that Fatbottom had not set his sights on them this afternoon.
  Finally, of few of the larger boys started to tease Fatbottom the further away from his wrath they got.
    "Go get em fatso!"
    "You'll still be fat when you get back...have another pie why don't you?"
    "You know you look like a giant toad, did you know that? Why don't you hop down the road instead of waddle?"   
  Junior's ears filled with the hateful words. He had heard them so many times before, that they really did not affect him anymore. His mind was already made up and could not be changed about the way he would handle all the disdain and hate towards him from the other kids. He would choose the wrong path and wrong thoughts in his young mind, but just did not really know the differentiation or how to handle the situation in a better way. He was just a confused little boy with no real directions giving from the people who had the knowledge to help him. His mind filled with hatred towards the world and especially, that little red-haired boy that was soon to be in his immediate future. He would take his rage out on him that would shut them all up he just knew it. 
  He took no personal responsibility for his own behavior that was his downfall and nobody else's. He did just not understand the difference being so young and inexperienced in life.  
    "Auntie loves me, I know she does...and...and...you...know those kids use to like me as well. But then I got fat...yeah I will admit it. I'm fat. So what? They just don't understand what's happening to me, nor do they really care. I will show them whose fat, just try picking on me...you'll see...I love you auntie...really I do..." mumbled Junior to himself.
  The stream of revolting words flowed from his mouth and mind, the more he thought about the teasing from his aunt and the other kids, the madder he became. 
    "I just know that, that is what they are saying about me... he's fat...he's so fat...have you seen ole fatso, he's back in town."
  Frank's mind was now completely lost in sadness and contorted with vileness for those who he really did not know, or understand. The confusion had no ending. No one was really saying anything about him. It was mostly in his mind. Did he just hear those kids or was it the wind or ravens, or crows crying in his ears. 
  It was nothing more than good-natured ribbing (most of the time) to the other boys and girls but not to Frank. You have to be able to laugh at yourself in life sometimes and not be so sensitive, but Frank was just too overly unaware to understand this. With one so young how would he, or how could he really know any better of how to handle his weight problems. No one understands me, is all he thought about as he waddled down the road towards his seeming redemption.
Fatbottom Junior shuffled down the hill to where the road forked, stopping shortly to read a small sign found at the side of the road: 

2274 Elpham Road
Hagby Foster Home
All Children Welcome

    "Dad never wanted me that's it that is why I ended up in this Foster Home. I'll show them, I'll show them all," muddled Junior as he started again towards town. Frank after a bit of effort finally arrived in town. The sounds of his shuffling along the red brick roads could be heard throughout the area. He lumbered slowly past Turk's blacksmiths shop, around the Centerville Bank and onwards towards Tessie Whitman's dads Five and Dime store, located right in the heart of downtown. 
  Kids scattered quickly away at his coming. Hiding behind doorways and in alleys, they tried the best they could to get a glimpse of the Terror from the North.
    "Look its Frank Fatbottom, run...er...er...ah...run..." stammered out Sammy the Stutter.
    "He's back in town...." let it be known Short Stack as he peaked out from behind a large trash can, as he rubbed his old wound.
  Words of warning echoed about the alleys and streets as Fatbottom moved about the town. Finally reaching downtown, not a soul could be seen who had no need to shave yet. Older townsfolk's spun about to get a better look in his direction, all noting the enormous size of Frank and his threatening demeanor toward anyone and anything, alive or dead. Mumbling to himself and lost in thought he slammed into the two front wooden doors of the Five and Dime store, yelling out for the world to hear, "WHERE'S THAT TESSIE WHITMAN?"
    "Why young man, why are you so excited to see my daughter?" said the worried shopkeeper as he quickly emerged from a back room. At the sounds and sight of the thunderous voice and extraordinary mass of the man-boy, Mr. Whitman's glasses fell off the unstable perch of his thin nose.
    "Your daughter is best friends with Hot Tamale Molly, and that is Louis Parks girlfriend, so if I find Tessie Whitman, I find Molly, then I find that little red-haired, freckle-faced runt...Louis."
    "She's over at Molly's house at the far side of town...now again...what is all of this about? You seem so overwrought with anger about something young man. It worries me, to no end, to say the least. Can I help?"
    "You just did! I just need to talk with that kid about something very important, and then all will be right in the universe again. Just let that Park's kid be aware, that I am looking for him, that's all" said The Terror as he deliberately spun about. His large belly lead the way though the two open doors, in his haste and due to his abnormal size he violently knocked over two display racks on either side of the aisles of merchandise, grapping a handful of snacks as he spun about. As each of his over-sized feet hit the ground, it rumbled beneath him. Terror was on the loose in the form of a rolling ball of thunder that is the size of a small car.
  Louis heard a slight echo off the nearby Centerville water tower found in the near distance. He stopped his bike for a moment to reflect on what he just heard. His heart pulsed quickly as the thought of Frank Fatbottom Junior entered his mind once again.
    "What, if he's after me already, I've got to find Tessie Whitman, Molly will be with her. I've got to tell her what's up then go see Mr. Beamer. He'll know what to do."
  Off Louis scurried as fast as his legs could peddle, down the well-worn dirt road towards town. As he reached the first outbuildings, he sped up towards main streets, back down his favorite back alley then he quickly turned off to the left around Turk the Blacksmiths shop, and onwards past the Centerville Bank. 
  Louis narrowly missed disaster, as Fatbottom, turned up the selfsame back alley towards Tessie Whitman's house. Only by the slimmest margins of sheer luck, did they not run smack into each other. Louis skidded to a stop then went as quiet as cat burglar at work. Louis sniffed at the air, like a venomous snake on the hunt. He paused, another sniff, yet another...he...could smell the fear of the other children in the area. 
  Searching about the almost empty streets, he looked off to his left, then off to his right. Mrs. Barnes who was the head of the PTA hobbled by with her cane. Mr. Martin the retired banker sat at his usual spot in the heart of the city park, and Miss Butterman who runs the local dairy was feeding the pigeons by the main statue in town. Really, nothing out of the ordinary until it hit him square in the face like a clowns whipped cream pie at a circus, not a single kid in sight. 
  Fatbottom must be near. 
  With great swiftness he was back on the move, another sharp turn here, another there, and off he was towards Tessie Whitman's house found on the other side of town. Sweat poured off his worried brow, burning his eyes as they followed the road ahead of him.
  Reaching her front door, he threw his bike on the ground, slamming it down with great force, nearly breaking one peddle. He jumped over the front rail of the porch and began to pound on the front door. Over and over, no answer, no one home. She must be with Tessie over as her house but that's too far away to go right now. I'd better go see Mr. Beamer he'll know what to do. Back on his bike, and off he was back towards his home and over to Mr. Beamer's farm found next door. The next twenty minutes seemed like the longest of his life. What a short life he might have, he thought over and over again. 
  Fatbottom narrowly missed Louis again as he rumbled towards Tessie's house. Louis made a sharp turn at the bottom of the hill around a large oak tree...in the fork in the road...as Fatbottom appeared from just around the other side at the base. His rotund belly hit the tree sending oak seeds and branches raining down from above, some hitting Louis as he flew by. A tree branch hit Louis squarely on one shoulder knocking Louis off his bike and onto the ground. Rolling to left Louis and his bike came to a rest inside of a large thick bush. Frank heard the commotion on the other side of the tree, taking a few quick steps sideways he searched about the area. 
  Peering out of the bushes, first thing, Louis saw was the all awe-inspiring man-child that was Frank Fatbottom. He was just massive in girth. Louis could not help but notice his chins, one, two, and three...counting to six, Louis could not look anymore. He slunk back inside of the safety of the thicket, trying to be as quite as a candle flame. Frank not noticing anything out of place took off once again, in hot pursuit of any child he could find.
  Fatbottom was now away again, and so was Louis. He was now back on his bike heading towards his neighbor's house. Louis finally arrived at Mr. Beamer's farmhouse; his heart was pounding in his ears, drowning out the sounds of the birds singing in the nearby pine trees. He quickly jumped off his bike, he then shouted out repeatedly above the sounds of Muncy barking out a joyous hello that Louis had returned. 
    "Hey Muncy, nice to see you as well, but not now, no time to play, I've got troubles, real troubles...man...oh...man..."
  Muncy understood by looking at the worry on Louis's face, but still managed to get a pat or two on the head. 
    "Mr. Beamer...Mr. Beamer!”
    "Up here Louis," shouted out Mr. Beamer as he looked out of his attic window, from high above.
    "Be right there Mr. Beamer."
  Louis shot through the front door, saying hi to Mrs. Beamer as she showed herself by the kitchen door. The smells of freshly baking bread assaulted his nostrils as he frantically stumbling up the interior stairwell. His appetite almost sent him heading for the kitchen but Louis quickly grabbed a hold of himself, spinning about once again, he headed for the attic door. Louis (with Muncy close at his heals) flew up the final few steps, quickly entering the old dusty attic. Mr. Beamer had been lost in his work, until Louis had screamed out. Mr. Beamer turned to face Louis as he bumbled in through the open door.
  Mr. Beamer always wore a short-cropped white beard, with a full head of long white hair that tumbled about his broad neck. He had an ample waistline, brought about by living the good life mired in good eating and being surrounded by good friends and a loving family. 
  He was always dressed in blue oversized coveralls, held up by sturdy leather suspenders, strung loosely over his wide-ranging shoulders. Being portly and a bit hefty made him appear to be a relative of a large elf, an old wizened wizard, or even Santa Claus himself. He had clear, blue honest eyes and strong hands, which come from being a gentleman farmer your whole life.
  He spoke out.
    "Louis, what's wrong with you? You look like you just saw Harvey the Ghost up in Mrs. Pinkerman's attic."
    "Man it's worse than that Mr. Beamer," proclaimed the out of breath Louis "Frank Fatbottom in back in town and he's out to get me!"
    "Are you sure Louis? Frank is here and out to get you?"
    "Yep...I just saw him by the fork in the road, by the big oak tree. He's just massive! He came in on the Lucky 7 train the other night. Last year he said he'd get me this year on spring break, now that time has come, and he's here. What do I do Mr. Beamer...what do I do?"
    "Well first off try to calm down and get a hold of yourself. All great men and boys in this case should, keep their emotions, courage and wits about them in times of trouble. And if you want to conquer your fears you have to be courageous and disciplined, now again slow the breathing first off...,” said the fatherly old man.
  Louis bent over in exasperation as Muncy gave Louis a quick lick on the face. This brought a slight comfort to Louis. Mr. Beamer put down the old book he was reading, placing it ever so gently on a nearby table, found in the middle of the room. With the soft afternoon sunlight shining down from above through the skylight, this shot a warm glow over Mr. Beamer's wizened old face. While he glided about the small, dusty old room, his white whiskers seem to illuminate as the sun crossed them. 
  Louis calmed a bit as Mr. Beamer began to speak out once again.
    "Now little Louis, what have you gotten into now? It's always something with you. If it is not daydreaming in school and getting in trouble for that or this, or for not doing your chores like you should, or what else should I mention, the list is so very long. My...oh...my Louis...it's always trouble, trouble and more trouble with you Louis.
  Louis frowned as his shoulders went limp. He sat down on a dusty couch found close by. Louis was so lost in thought he could barely understand what Mr. Beamer was saying to him.
    "Have you seen a book of mine about child psychology? Doctor Northumberland wrote it. I cannot find it for the life of me. You're excessively young to be reading a book like that it is for adults only. Louis can you hear me? Are you listening...Louis...Louis?
  Louis's eyes rolled back in his head as he let out a last breath of fear and despair. Mr. Beamer caught Louis as he fell forward off the sofa. He gently shook him awake. Louis was still foggy in his mind as he listened to the wizened old man. 
    "Louis just try to relax a bit. Take another deep breath."
  Louis calmed himself the best he could as Mr. Beamer continued.
    "Now again have you seen that one book and another certain book of mine? I am missing a book of spells and incantations. It's about understanding fairies, swamp and bog monsters, stone trolls, leprechauns, witch-smellers and the like. It is a very dangerous book and should only be read by those whom have the knowledge to understand the spells, and how to perform them again; it is a very dangerous book. Have you seen that one as well Louis? I know you like to borrow my books from time to time."
  Louis tried to look innocent as he fumbled about with his hair. 
    "Yeah I might have seen that one. I will look about my room Mr. Beamer, I can't really remember off of the top of my head, but if I saw a book like that one, then I would surely be careful if I used it."
    "No this one book you should return if you have it Louis, you could raise the dead or the un-dead if you don't know what you're doing, and we certainly don't want that to happen, now do we?" asked Mr. Beamer as he began to light his trusted corn-cob smoking pipe.
  Louis's mind cleared a bit as he gave Muncy another pat on the head. Louis finally got down to business.
    "Mr. Beamer...I've got some real problems here..."
    "That's right Louis, now what brings you up here today? Girl problems, we all know how troubling that can be," said a now slightly amused Mr. Beamer.
    "Yeah those kinds of problems are always serious but if you can believe it I've got worse problems than that. Frank Fatbottom is after me!"
    "Oh, yes. Is he not the kid that was here last year and beat up Short Stack, and gave him a black-eye?"
    "Yep...he's the one..."
    "You're right you do have worse problems than worrying about Hot Tamale Molly and those flaming red lips trying to kiss you on the cheek all the time." 
  Mr. Beamer raised one corner of his mouth showing a slight smile unbeknownst to Louis.
    "I don't know how to say this any better...HE IS GOING TO POUND ME!”
    "Well Louis let me give you some words of advice then from this old man, who has been in his fair share of fights from time to time when I was younger, I was bullied much as you now appear to be by this so called man-beast, or man-child you might say. I have seen him, and yes he is a troubled young man and he appears to be about five times your size, as I recall since the last time I saw him."
    "He's even bigger now."
    "Even bigger now, well you do have quite a problem don't you. And why does he want to beat you up, let's try to study and analysis this like two grown adults, shall we?"
    "OK, two adults then. How do I start? Well first off, he is going to crush me then vanquish me from the face of the earth because one I am popular, and he's not. Two he's over-weight and I am not, and three because he knows he can get away with it. He will only be here for one week then he will be gone, until the next spring break. I think it's just fun for him."
    "Louis, it's never fun for anyone to harm anyone else, all people know that, you are born with that knowledge. Maybe his hatred comes from some other deep-rooted problem or problems. Like say a lack of proper disciple at home, or a lack of over-site at school, which is not the case here because he does not go to school here and so on. His community or his church or his family or friends should all be supporting him on a daily basis to get him through his childhood and direct him in his growth as a young man. Spiritually and socially and so on, maybe this is not happening, or maybe it could be something worse."
    "Like what Mr. Beamer?"
    "Maybe he is being abused at home, you know being hit himself by his parents or maybe by his sisters or his brothers. And he is now taking his emotions out on everyone else. Maybe he just does not understand these things and how to handle them, how to cope with them. Or maybe his parents are never there for him or never home and he feels lonely and not loved?"
    "Well he does live off and on throughout the year with different family members, and he is here now with his aunt Elphie in that horrible Foster Home. She is a menace and a very terrifying person. She sits up in that ghastly old house up on that hill outside of town. You know the one right by the town's graveyard and the black forest. She wears all black and cooks strange brews all day. She scares the heck out of all of us kids whenever we see her in town."
    "Yes I know who she is Louis. I have seen her as well and talked with her, a few times before. You kids should stay away from her. I think she was a chemist at one time so those "strange brews" are her most likely her doing work for somebody or doing research. You shouldn't be out in that part of town anyway Louis, none of you kids should, it's too far away and that black forest and that dam and lake out there; you could get lost out there in that lake or those unforgiving woods and caves."
    "I was close to her house once with Chug last summer and the whole house smelled like sulfur or rotten eggs, or worse...dead bodies!"
    "Don't talk like that Louis, you are going to scare yourself, and I am sure it was only some chemicals you smelled, as I said before from her work. Dead bodies, how do you think like that?" said the now slightly worried old man.
    "Well, you would have to be really courageous to go up there and confront her, and who would for any reason?" asked Louis as he placed his arms stiffly in front of his body, mimicking a zombie. He walked forwards awkwardly, which scared the heck out of Muncy. He darted behind a large steamer trunk for safety, only re-appearing when Louis came back from the dead.
    "Louis, stop it. You're scaring Muncy."
  Louis smiled oddly back at Muncy once again to his own pleasure.
    "Let's get back to being serious now Louis."
  Louis sat back down on the couch as Muncy tentatively re-approached him, a little pat on the head and Munch returned to his old self.
    "OK Mr. Beamer. Now I know one of his brothers died years ago from a horrible accident, and I also know that his father is the governor of the state. You know that, and he travels all the time and is never home? Do you think it is all of those things then Mr. Beamer? Or maybe his aunt is abusing him, or worse...hitting him when he comes to visit? She has a horrible temper. She always talks to herself as she walks around town, and she flays her hands about her head. I hate to say it, but she's like a crazy woman."
    "Louis I don't think she is crazy, maybe a little un-stable, nothing more. Now as for Frank Junior, that sounds like some of the problems that he might be dealing with. Maybe he's being neglected, or not loved. On the other hand, maybe he's being physically abused, that could be why he over eats. It helps him cope with his problems in his mind, but in reality that only makes it worse because now he stands out in the world, and now is known only for his being overweight, and for not being a bright person, or a good person that we are all born to be. And the other kids and adults are picking on him for this. Maybe the other kids are teasing him about this or that, and he feels he's no longer apart of society or belongs with you other kids?"
    "Well Short Stack did tease him quite a bit last year about his weight by the watering-hole, when a whole bunch of other kids where there. I guess he did not like that, and that is why he gave him a black-eye."
    "Well there you go, he is sensitive about his weight and your teasing is only making the problem that much worse."
    "Have you ever been mean to him Louis?" asked Mr. Beamer as another smoke ring wafted above their heads. 
  Louis thought for a moment, looked upwards towards the small attic skylight, he squinted his eyes from the appearing sunlight as a cloud passed by, he then gave an honest response, "Well I was there when Short Stack spouted off, and I guess I laughed out loud at Frank as well, along with the other kids. I suppose, I should have said something then, on his behalf, or put a stop to the harassment. But I did not know any better. Or maybe I just was not brave enough. Or I just wanted to fit in with the other kids. I'm not sure Mr. Beamer. Plus I am only slightly bigger than Short Stack, so it was not up to me to say anything really at all."
    "Louis it does not matter how tall you are, all that matters is the size of your heart and your courage to do the right thing, which you did not do at the right time. Maybe you will do the right thing the next time, and if you do, you will be a better person for it, no matter what the other kids think or do. Do you understand what I am telling you Louis?"
    "Sort of...you mean always do the right thing no matter what happens and let the chips fall where they may. Even if that means I will not be as popular with the other kids because I do not act like them?"
    "That's it Louis. See our little talk has already taught you self-responsibility. You are already a little more grown up than when you came in. We are talking like adults now. Do you agree?"
    "Yes, I guess we are."
    "Now I suggest you apologize to Frank for laughing at him last year and tell him it won't happen again, and that the next time you will stand up for him, because Louis that's what friends do for each other, in times of need. You were not very friendly to him, and he is going to let you know that, and I think right quick from what you just told me early."
    "Thanks Mr. Beamer I knew you could help me, and you are right I was not very friendly or very mature for that matter, or courageous. And certainly did not act like an adult. When I see him, I will have a talk with him and tell him I've changed. Maybe I will be able to keep my teeth after all," said a now smiling Louis, showing Mr. Beamer the teeth that he still might lose in the next few days.
  Mr. Beamer smiled reassuringly back towards Louis then over at Muncy. Muncy jumped off Louis's lap and began to jump about the room, as Louis let out a breath of relief, knowing now that at least he understood Frank a little more, and that he now had at least a thin plan for the near future.
    "Louis I am going to get a hold of a friend of my name Charlie, he once worked for me a long time ago."
    "Who is Charlie Mr. Beamer?"
    "He is the friendliest of horses; he's the King of all Horses. He is most brave and very courageous. He is an Arion Horse and the last of his kind on earth. I am going to put out the word that I have another favor I need of him. He is in northern China right now on a very important mission for me. He is with a snow panther friend of mine. You see there is a nasty old, marauding wolf pack up in the Himalayan mountains and they are causing some considerable trouble up there for the local animals and local town-folks, so I sent Charlie and this snow panther, his name is Panthera to take care of it and drive the wolf pack out of China?
    "Oh there you go again Mr. Beamer with your tall and long winded tales. You don't know any snow panthers, what was his name Panthera, nor do you know any King Horse that is a what, an Arion? Come on Mr. Beamer."
    "Well you have other more important things on your mind right now, so you don't go worrying about this right now. I will call for Charlie for you. I want you to make friends with this horse; you see he can be your protector in the future from your bullies and the like. Plus all kids like animals and especially horses."
    "Mr. Beamer that would be very good of you to get me a new friend and especially, like you said if he is brave and courageous. I will look forward to it, as long as my mom does not mind me having a horse for a friend," said Louis. As he smiled widely at the thought of being around a horse, "but you're right again Mr. Beamer I do have other more important things on my mind right now, like trying to keep my teeth in place. Louis smiled even wider at this thought.
    "OK Louis we can talk later about this friend of mine. Now go out and change the world Louis. I feel you are ready for a great adventure. I feel there is something that is going to happen to you soon. Do you feel it Louis? Do you?
    "Mr. Beamer I have this odd feeling, now that you mention...it..." said the, wonderstruck little boy, knowing that his future was never more in doubt than it was this very day. 
  Mr. Beamer smiled reassuringly at Louis, as only a good friend could do.
    "And again about that book by Doctor Northumberland and the other book, do not use them under any circumstances. You could get into a world of problems, and into worlds that you would not understand or should be in, in the first place. Do you hear me Louis?" 
  Louis's mind went blank, lost in thought as he shook his head back and forth in a doubtful confirmation that he understood, without really hearing anything more, or anything at all from this point forward.
    "Yeah...those books...Mr. Beamer...I will look for them...OK...yeah sure...and thanks again for the advice about Frank Fatbottom. See you later. I've got to go talk with Molly later today about my fairy circle again and about the upcoming Walpurgis Night, but first I've got a few chores to do next door for my mom," said a slightly discombobulated Louis.
  Louis headed swiftly for the attic door as Muncy followed at his feet.
    "Louis what are you talking about, Walpurgis Night and a fairy circle? And you don't have that book do you...Louis...Louis?" shouted out a now very concerned Mr. Beamer as Louis flew down the stairway and out into the front yard.
    "Louis come back later for some fresh baked bread if you like, and bring your girlfriend Molly. I just baked two cinnamon loafs, and I know that is your favorite kind," yelled out Mrs. Beamer as Louis disappeared through the white picket fence, and down the dirt road towards his own farmhouse, peddling along lost in thought, on his rickety old bicycle.
  Mr. Beamer shouted out a few more words, trying to get Louis's attention, but to no avail. He had disappeared faster than a dandelion on the loose in a windstorm. Mr. Beamer exited the front porch only to stop long enough to give his wife of thirty years a loving peck on the cheek at the kitchen door. Mr. Beamer headed back into his attic for the remainder of the day to try to find an answer to the little redheaded boy's problem.
   
































~Chapter 3~ 
Walpurgis Night and the Widdershins Dance

  The quaint city of Centerville is found in America's heartland. This charming farming and dairy town is surrounded by rolling, low-lying green hills and lush grass covered basins. All interlaced and intertwined with amber colored brick roads. The farmhouses are mostly covered with grass-thatched roofs that cover selfsame red-bricked buildings. This is a simple town with simple townsfolk, nothing more and nothing less.
  The early nineteen hundreds was a peaceable time here; it was almost like time it is self-stood still. Flocks of migrating birds could be seen returning to their spring nests in the local birch and pine trees, as early spring rains filled the small streams and rivers in the outland areas. Slow moving clouds lazily drift by from the north this time of year, as all the friendly inhabitants go about their daily chores. Brightly colored March flowers fill the flower boxes in the kitchen windows of most homes, and the smells of fresh baked breads waft through out the town with the changing directions of the soft inviting winds. 
  Robert Louis Parks was born and raised here. 
  His mother Hattie May is a simple farm girl. She is slim for her advancing age, attractive, wholesome and warmhearted. She wears her lovely oft-white color hair always tied in a bun at the back of her head, and is never seen without her favorite blue and white speckled apron tied uniformly about her thin waist. She has been married for over to twenty years to Louis's father, Captain Jeremy Parks. He had been off to war overseas now for close to two years, thus leaving little Louis alone to be raised by his mother and the next door neighbors, Ms. Abigail Beamer and Mr. Thomas Costello Beamer. 
  Being an only child was hard on Louis, and missing his father, only made things that much worse. Nevertheless, with the help of his loving mother, his doting neighbors and his friends at school Louis managed to get by the best he could. It takes a community to raise a child was never more evident, as it was here with the precocious and the little by little devilish Louis. 
  It seems Louis knew everyone and everyone knew Louis, and everyone now knew that the Terror from the North was now in town and soon to be in Louis's immediate future. But tonight would be a night that Louis and all of his friends would remember for the rest of the lives, and change their lives forever, for tonight was the first day of spring, and the night of a full blue moon rising. The Hare Moon was to wax out of the western sky at midnight and bring with it the splendiferous and wondrous Walpurgis Night.

*

     "So Louis will we raise Hobgoblins tonight from the dead or a Sith Fairy", ask an inquisitive Short Stack, "and by the way what is a Hobgoblin and a Sith Fairy? I have heard you talk about them but I have no idea what they are."
  Louis looked intently at Short Stack's left eye that had once been blackened by Frank Fatbottom. "Do you still have nightmares about that day Short Stack; you know when Fatbottom socked you?"
    "Louis don't bring that up again, it's too painful to talk about, and yeah I do have nightmares about it. Let's stay on the subject. We can talk about that later, I know that Fatbottom is back in town I saw him yesterday by the Five and Dime Store. He was looking for Tessie Whitman."
  Louis shuddered at the thought of being punch in the eye. His skinny knees started to knock together below his blue jean shorts. 
    "Now Louis can we talk about something more important, what about those Hobgoblins, what exactly is a Hobgoblin?"
  Louis quelled his banging knees long enough to gather his thoughts about him. No one noticed the odd sounds except Growlin Harry and Chug.
    "Chug did you hear that strange sound outside. It sounds like a couple of woodpeckers are making a home in that tree outside of the barn. Did you hear it?" asked an amused Growlin Harry. 
    "Yeah it sounds like they're really trying to get it done before that full moon tonight so they can hide out from ole Fatbottom before he shows up tonight at the Widdershins dance. Both kids winked at each other at Louis's expense, knowing all the while about Louis's loose knees and fading courage.
  Louis turned a bit redder in the face than he already was more so to delight of the other kids as they fell about the haystacks in Mr. Beamer's barn. Louis again tried to gather his wits about him as he spoke out.
    "Yeah that's the sounds of a couple of woodpeckers alright outside, and also the sounds of two pecker-wood dimwits trying to be funny." 
  Louis smiled at his friends, then pulled up his shorts a little higher and began to shake his legs uncontrollably. Everyone fell about the place as a Louis started to do a fanciful jig. At the conclusion of his most delightful dance, a real woodpecker could be heard outside the barn on that self-same tree, pecking away. 
  Tessie Whitman looked at Molly, as Molly climbed on top of Stuttering Sammy. Chug punched Louis in the arm, as all looked about the barn at the farm animals, which were oblivious to the entire conversation. 
    "Now about those Hobgoblins and fairies, what are they Louis?" asked Short Stack.
    "Well Short Stack Hobgoblins are small, hairy little men who...like their close relatives, brownies...are often found within human dwellings, doing odd jobs around the house while the family is lost in sleep. Such chores are typically small deeds, like dusting and ironing. Oftentimes, the only compensation necessary in return for their services was food. Attempts to give them clothing would often banish them forever, though whether they take offense to such gifts or are simply too proud to work in new clothes differs from teller to teller. They can be raised inside of fairy rings under the right circumstances along with Sith Fairies. Now I know you are going to ask me about these particular fairies as well, am I right Short Stack?"
    "Well actually I was still trying to picture hairy little men doing house work, and if they are really wearing aprons or not."
  Chug began laughing aloud at the thought of this, as Molly grabbed a nearby broom and began to mimic a Hobgoblin cleaning up.
    "This is not funny, this could really happen. I can raise the dead, and I am going to show you tonight. All of you, now as for this Sith fairy; they go by other names like a Sleagh Maith. These fairies are mostly human in appearance and they have magical powers. Where they come from is mostly unclear but in folklore, they are mostly dead or are a form of a good demon, or can be completely independent of human form, more like an angel. Some can be very evil though. They went into hiding hundreds of years ago as man populated the planet. Now Siths fairies are said to be the Good People and have a middle nature between man and angel. They are intelligent, and have light changeable bodies as an Astral Fairy might have. Sort of like a condensed cloud, and are best seen in the twilight of the early morning or late evening or during a blue moon, and during this blue moon tonight is when we are going to raise a Good Fairy, a Sith Fairy from inside of the fairy circle by me, the Fairy Tender."
  Molly looked at Chug, as Chug looked across the barn at Tessie, who in turn looked at Short, as all then looked at Stuttering Sammy all mouths were agape.
    "Geez....Louis...maybe...ah...er...er you are a Fairy Tender" said the bewildered little Short Stack.
    "Hobgoblins, fairies, forest and stone trolls, elves, witches," loudly proclaimed Louis as he grabbed a red cotton blanket out of a nearby cupboard, spinning it artfully over his thin shoulders, "these are the creatures at my command, tonight; for I will raise the dead, un-dead, semi-dead and the barely living from there lairs below us and maybe even above us!" 
  As Louis began his rant Molly silently snuck up on Louis from behind, hiding her intentions. She hid behind a large hay bale as Louis approached from the other side of the barn.
  Louis found Mr. Beamer's walking stick laying against a nearby wall, he raised it above his head, pretending it was a magical wand, then continued onward with his pompous theatrics, "I am the...Great Fairy Tender...The Great Red Magician, The Giver of Life...the...the...!"
  Hot Tamale Molly sprang from her hiding place as Louis closed in, she pinched the cloth robe off of  his shoulders, quickly covering his head in darkness, she spun him around twice then swiftly kicked him in the behind, sending him into a dizzying spin toward the horse trough found by the large front barn doors. 
  The air flew out of his lungs as the pain from the kick shot into his nerve endings, and just as he was about to be bathed from head to toe in an inglorious fashion, Mr. Beamer entered the barn in a dissecting path. His strong arms stopped Louis's unwanted advance towards his infamous demise in front of his friends. After steadying Louis upright and helping him gain his footings, Mr. Beamer snatched the cloth off Louis's head; a wild-eyed Louis emerged full of surprise at his un-natural predicament.  
    "Well Mr. Great Fairy Tender, are you practicing your art for the big night?" queried the bemused farmer.
    "Well...ah...er...what happened?" said the keyed up child, "who did that?"
  The other kids all broke out in laughter again at seeing Louis's facial expressions and boyish excitement. Mr. Beamer sat down on a nearby hay bale as he motioned for Louis to come closer and sit down with him.
    "Louis I've heard from some of the older inhabitants of our fair town, and from some of the younger and older kids as well that tonight, out by the rocky quarry at the outskirts of town, that you and Molly here, Chug and they rest of your friends are going to celebrate Walpurgis Night and cause a little maleficium and black magic. The Knights of the Templar once took a path that you are thinking of a long time ago, in The Olden Age, in The High Ancient Time of Men. Is this true are you going down that same pathway?"
    "Ah...er...now you see Mr. Beamer I guess, am I...er...yes...well...kind off...er."
 Mr. Beamer shook his head again in disbelief at what he was hearing.
    "Maleficium...ah...what is that?" asked a questioning Growlin Harry.
    "Maleficium Harry is a Latin word which means a wrongdoing, or mischief. Or a term used to describe a malevolent, dangerous, or harmful magic. Or to put it in simpler language an "Evildoing" or "Evil Sorcery"
  Louis's throat went dry; he could not swallow.
  Mr. Beamer turned his words and thoughts back towards Louis once again.
    "Well I thought so Louis. Therefore, since I have not seen those certain books of mine and they have not been returned yet I can only guess where they are. And that goes for the rest of the kids here. If any of you have seen my missing books, I want them returned. They are not to be read by ones that are as young as you all are, and as inexperienced in life.
  Louis could just not bring himself to admit his shortcomings and thievery. He just sat there with a blank look trying to understand his odd behavior the behavior of a thief. Inside all he could think about and all that kept running through his thoughts were, "But everything is planned. All the kids are coming tonight and I need those books for the correct spells and words to use, to see my fairies...but...but..." 
    "I can see now that no one knows anything about those missing books," said Mr. Beamer as disappointment showed in his eyes, "Walpurgis Nights is upon us then. There is nothing I can do about it. I am not your father Louis. I am just your friend, and as one friend to another, I can only give you some advice then. 
  I being one who has lived a longer life than you have, and have been to places you could not even imagine or seen, things that your wildest imagination could not even take you to. I implore you to not do what you are thinking of doing tonight. There is dark-magic in this world that you do not know about, or want to know about, and I believe this is what your immaturity and youthfulness is driving you towards tonight. Showing off for your friends will only get you in trouble, "Mr. Circle Fairy Tender". Short Stack showed off last year at that same watering hole to all of your delight by insulting Frank Fattom Junior, and looked what happened to him? I have now seen your fairy circle Louis."
  Louis shoulders slumped as Mr. Beamer continued to speak.
    "I was out there just last night. I guess you did not see the Runestone in the very center, almost completely buried in the necrotic zone. This is a tell-tale sign of an evil Sleagh Maith fairy being raised and not a gentler Astral Fairy being inside of that circle." 
  Molly's face froze in place with a blankness the other kids were quick to pick on and display themselves. Each in their own way looked about the barn with disbelief etched in their minds and hearts. Was Louis right this whole time, or is Mr. Beamer just playing an awful trick on the hopeful, budding magician?
  Mr. Beamer rose from his perch, off the hay bale with the red blanket firmly in his left hand. He spun the blanket about in a mystical fashion, like that of a seasoned wizard as he dug deeply into an oversized pocket that stretched down the side of his blue jean overalls. Now appearing in plain sight was a very, from-the-past-looking, crooked stick. Raising it above the cloth blanket and now speaking in a rhythmic fashion, he spoke aloud in an odd low pitched, gravelly voice that the children had never heard before, which only enlivened and engulfed their senses:

Widdershins, Widdershins, a Widdershins night
all the children dance and shout, circle left nine times yes we do
just so we can begin to raise you

Quagga-tail switch, abide and heed my callings
because tonight's blue moon is surely rising

Upon the rise in the next twilights new morning
Be an Astral Fairy nary a Sleagh Maith Hairy

Young is he the new crowned fairy tender
his youth should not be his profound undoing

Under my command you must wisely rise
be only Atamo the Astral Fairy, or the fairy tender faces his demise

Widdershins, Widdershins, a Widdershins night
all the children dance and shout!!

  An enormous flash of white and red light exploded out in all directions from the tip of the quagga-tail switch as it snapped backwards under Mr. Beamers command. As the supernatural, unnatural and ghostlike light dispersed about the room, a thunderbolt detonated underneath the roof of the barn startling all of the animals and children alike. All ran for cover as the strange colored lights reached their apex around where Mr. Beamer was last seen standing. The red cloth blanket dropped to the floor as the natural light backscattered into nothingness; the real world light quietly found its way back into the barn as all grew deathly still. 
    "That Mr. Beamer; what a trickster, a charlatan, a cheat, a con artist, swindler, and what a slippery custom!" proclaimed a bemused little Louis as the fright of it all escaped the last of the nerve endings in his rattled brain, "don't you see? This is all a fraud! He's just trying to scare us into not going tonight to Walpurgis and to a Widdershins dance. He's really right behind that bale of hay over there."
  Chug scampered over to the front doors of the barn. He looked behind the largest of the bales of hay, then behind the two barn doors, nothing. 
    "Are you...you sure...I mean really sure of this Louis" stammered out a believing Chug, that Mr. Beamer had really vanished.
    "Obviously his not here Louis" made known a shaky Molly, "and what was that spell, or incantation? It was a warning Louis for us to not go tonight."
    "We have to go, it is all planned. The mushrooms are ripe and ready, the blue hair moon will be rising at midnight and you have baked all of those goodies. Heck the whole schoolhouse is coming. All of our friends are coming. Who cares about that ole' Mr. Beamer, he's just having fun at our expense. He's just an old farmer who thinks he's a wizard, or conjurer...or...a...juggler that's all."
    "But Louis he's gone and what about the lights, the lightning bolt, and thunder?" asked Tessie as she comforted Molly the best she could.
    "It was all just a show, man I can do that stuff you wait until tonight. I will top that display, I have been practicing, you just wait and see" said Louis as he comforted Molly the best he could.
    "Are you sure this is going to work and no trouble will be forthcoming tonight?" asked a restrained and very hesitant Growlin Harry in his low growling voice.
    "Yeah of course it will be fun. This is going to be the biggest party of the year. I will see you all tonight at about eleven out at the water hole. Now let's all go home and relax a bit and rest, that way you all can be ready for the "Big Show" stated a now ever more confident Louis.
  Louis began to usher all out towards the front of the barn and towards the road back to their homes. Back pats, hand slaps, and smiles escorted them forward "OK...I will see you all tonight, be sure to be on time now" said Louis as Muncy jumped wildly about the front yard chasing a wayward butterfly.
  As all were off and down the road, Chug turned back towards Louis with a few words of caution and admonishment for the self-aggrandized Fairy Circle Tender, "You better be correct on this one Louis and not mess it up, like you do everything else. What if Mr. Beamer's warnings are founded? We could be getting into a big stew of trouble that we might not be able to get out of and what about a...a real evil Sleagh Maith Hairy...what the heck...?"
    "Never mind that Chug I've got it all under control...trust me Chug...just trust me...?
    "Now Louis that is exactly my point Louis, exactly. I know we are going to dress up and scare the girls with our little plot for the dance tonight, but the rest of this could get out of hand in a hurry if Mr. Beamer is really correct about all this magic stuff."
    "Ah don't worry Chug...I've got this one...no worries man...no worries..."The Plan" is still on..." stated Louis once again to try and calm Chug down.
  Chug disappeared down the road shaking his head in worry. Louis turned backwards towards the barn doors. Slowly sauntering in he sat back on the self-same bale of hay that he was on before, turning toward Harriet the Milking cow he spoke to himself "Man on man those guys have no faith in me. Don't they have any faith in the "World Renown Fairy Circle Tender" from Centerville Indiana? Me, "Red the Great", "Louis the One and Only"...Louis the...the..." 
  His voice trailed off as he lay down on a straw bed. He closed his eyes and began to slowly and methodically fall asleep resting his weary mind. Trouble followed Louis everywhere he went and everyone accepted it but the unforthcoming little Louis. He would show them this time, no flub-ups...man no flub-ups...he kept thinking, he would surely show them all...this time. Louis took a well-deserved nap as images of a real Sleagh Maith Hairy invaded his dreams.                            

*

  Walpurgis Night was clear and starry, pleasant and peaceable as the bewitching hour approached. Light blue mysterious fogs hung below the nearby branches of the moss covered willow and pine trees, and the low-lying hills that surrounded the small pond and grassy fields by the rock quarry. Off on the farthest hill to the left of the largest willow tree could be seen in the near distance the Centerville water tower, the wooden dam at the water reservoir, and the train station. Faintly visible were the large white, bold-faced letters on the water tank, spelling out the city name CENTERVILLE, INDIANA.
  Louis was the first to arrive at the fairy circle this night then Chug, as the wristwatch on Louis's hand stood at attention to the eleven o'clock hour.
    "Chug what a great costume you look just like a real Hobgoblin. Where did you get all of that hair and that make-up? It looks like the first part of "The Plan" is in place."
    "This outfit does look pretty good, I must admit as well. I stayed after school for a few weeks and worked in the arts and crafts room. I just threw this together from all of the old costumes from all the past school plays. Well what do you think Louis?" inquired Chug as he crouched down low, dragging his hairy knuckles on the ground then lowering his voice a few octaves "Arrrrgh....!!!" 
    "Well will you look at you Chug, you're going to scare the heck out of everybody, and especially Tessie Whitman. I know you like her a lot and like her being your girlfriend but no time for that tonight we've got more important things to do."
    "You got that right....Arrrrgh...Arrrrgh....,” growled out Chug.
    "Now let's look at you Louis" proclaimed Chug as he circled Louis, still dragging his knuckles about the ground "you are the picture perfect Wizard, heck you look so much better than Mr. Beamer did this afternoon. Now you are the real Wizard...ah...I mean Fairy Circle Tender."
    "Yeah look at this cape, robe, and wand, and look even my shoes are curled up at the toes like a real wizard. 
    "Is that Mr. Beamer's wand, the one he used earlier this afternoon in the barn? He called it a quagga-tail switch didn't he?"
    "Yep...I am being bad again I guess. I borrowed it from his attic. After I saw him use it, I thought it might look good with this outfit. Heck, I should not tell you but I got the robe and shoes, and the fake beard up there as well. They sure look official don't they? This looks like real wizard stuff...don't you think?"
    "It sure does Louis. Are you sure Mr. Beamer don't mind you borrowing his stuff, and don't you think he will get mad at you for going up into his attic like that?
    "Ah heck, I do it all the time. Plus I borrowed those two books from him that he was talking about earlier today, one book is about magic and the other about something called Northumberland, I don't really understand that one yet...child psychology and the study of physiology. I'll figure that book out later."
    "Those books you should return them to Mr. Beamer but that is not of my concern really. Now let's look at you, I must admit you actually look like a real wizard and if that quagga-tail switch is real, you better know what you're doing. You know how you are with trouble, with causing it and all," said an ever-worried Chug "now again what if that wand is the real thing? You saw what Mr. Beamer did today as well as I did."
    "Let's not go over that that was all just a show, just like I am going to put on tonight. A "Real Show"" put forth a very confident Louis. 
  Louis was the spitting image of a Fairy Wizard, just as he described. Spotting a long whitish-gray beard, a gray over-sized luxurious silk robe, two very shiny red shoes with real sequin sparkles...and of course, they had turned up toes (very important)...and he had two long pointed ears, covering his real ones. Just as Louis was about to practice one of his spells to be used later in the night, Short Stack bounded into the clearing by the fairy circle through some tall nearby grasses, singing and dancing as only a real leprechaun could do. 

He wha tills the fairies' green
Nae luck again shall hae:
And he wha spills the fairies' ring
Nae we all dance and sing
    
    "The Leprechaun deluxe," shouted out Louis as a broad smile crossed his face.

He wha tills the fairies' green
Nae luck again shall hae:
And he wha spills the fairies' ring
Nae we all dance and sing

  Chug joined in the merriment as all three best friends danced clockwise about the fairy circle, dancing, singing, and frolicking as only a: wizened wizard, a real green leprechaun and a hairy Hobgoblin could do. 
    "Only nine times around the circle and only counter-clockwise, against the rotation of the sun will bring them up from below" bawled out Louis as all came to rest, upon seeing all of their other friends starting to arrive at the far end of the odd clearing. 
    "Look Louis down the road there the others are arriving, Chug and I must hide out in the tall grass over there, just like "The Plan"...?" stated Short Stack to the wizard as he pointed towards the leprechaun, then to the nearby tall grass.
    "Yes hurry now or the fun will be over before it starts." 
  Both of his friend disappeared from view just as the other children arrived.
    "Louis there you are. Well look at you! "The Centerville Wizard", "The Renowned Fairy Circle Tender", "Louis the Red"...." called out an slightly overwhelmed Tessie Whitman.
  Louis cloaked his face behind his gray robe, hiding his long fake beard. Reaching into a secret inside pocket he clutched what he was looking for, stashing it inside of a closed fist. Turning quickly back towards the others as they all arrived, he flew open his cape, exposing his flaming red shoes, long flowing beard and his floppy, over-size wizard hat. 
  The firecracker powder was released out of his clutched fist slamming it into a middle-sized fire burning nearby, it exploded out in all directions releasing colorful; light blues, golden oranges, sparkling yellows and dazzling reds. Louis being mostly short never stood taller in the eyes of his friends, as the powder exploded in front of him. This shot out an astonishing display of light all about his body, encircling him inside of the wonderment of nature and science.
    "Welcome...greetings...salutations...one and all...come embrace the greatest show on earth! You will be; stupefied, bewildered, befuddled, muddled, flummoxed, astonished and amazed as the Great Fairy Circle Tender, brings to life the outlandish and bizarre creatures that reside below us in the dark of the "Underworld"...the..."Netherworld"... from the lower..."The Underverse".
  Stuttering Sammy, Becky, Jay, Growlin Harry and the rest of Louis's friends and schoolmates quickly found a place to sit around the large fairy circle by the watering hole. There must have been over forty to fifty children present to take in "The Show" that was about to begin. Molly and Tessie had brought freshly baked brownies, cupcakes, and sugar-cookies; sitting them on a nearby rock, they as well then found a comfortable place to sit, as Louis the Fairy Circle Tender began his over-the-top ranting and ravings again.
    "Beware...take heed...and be careful...especially you little ones...watch out for the hobgoblins, brawlies, sith fairies, elves, pixies, astral fairies, forest trolls and other strange creatures, humanoids and changelings...for they are here below us, at this time, just waiting to rise up from the underneath, on this most fortunate and opportune of evenings.
  Growlin Harry turned towards Sammy the Stutterer with an exhilarating look on his face as Tessie eyed Molly in the self-same fashion. Ahs...sighs...whispers and deep breaths were heard and taken by all as Louis continued onward and forwards as only Louis could do. Another blast of firecracker powder hit the fire as Louis's show began its first act. 
    "Soon the bewitching hour will be upon us for this is the evening of the dead and soon to be reborn. The fairy circle that you all sit around as I speak is fully-grown, complete and mature. The last of the great mushroom sporocarps and arcs have grown together. The fairy fungus mycelium is now in full bloom below the caps of the mycena galericulata or common bonnet mushrooms to you nonprofessional. Now as you can see for yourself the saprotrophic nutrition and biotic factors have taken their course, and the necrotic zone is complete" stated an impressive and knowledgeable Louis to the enthralled children, who he importantly stood before. 
  All eyes of the absorbed and entranced were as wide as a newly born kitten approaching his first mouse in the wild. 
  Jay grabbed Becky by the arm to draw her near, "Boy he really knows his stuff. I have never heard so many long and important words in my life. Maybe he really is a Great Fairy Tender." Becky shook her head in proof and confirmation as some of the other kids that heard Jay's statement shook their heads in agreement as well.
    "Gee Molly I sure hope Frank Fatbottom does not show up tonight. Have you seen him or heard anything?" asked Tessie.
    "No I have not heard anything Tessie, I am not sure if word got to him about the festivities here tonight or not. This is a small town, and everyone I am guessing, knows were out her. You know we should have told our parents though. I know some of the other kids did. I can only guess that word got to Frank as well from somebody's parent or from another kid."
    "I sure hope he does not show up, that would spoil Louis's big night among other things."
    "You got that right. He would either have to see a dentist in the morning or an eye doctor because Frank is going to be sending him somewhere, most likely to the emergency room which he does not want to go, you can count on that" stated an ever more worried Tessie.
  Louis shouted out again as he raised his wand high in the air.
    "It is Walpurgis Night!" 
  The kids all yelled out in unison as Louis yelled out repeatedly.
    "It is Walpurgis Night!"
    "It is Walpurgis Night!" all yelled back once again.
    "Now listen to me one and all, for there are rules to this evening. For us to raise only good fairies from the fairy circle you must do it the correct way or "accidents or incidents" could happen. And not accidents...or...incidents of the good kind" said Louis as his voice lowered an octave, and his voice tempo slowed, to gain their full attentions once again.
    "What are the rules the Great Fairy Tender wishes us to employ?" asked Jay who had raised his hand to get Louis's interest. 
    "First off look to the west up in the sky, the Hare Moon, the Blue Moon begins its annual climb above the eerie blue fogs below. Walpurgis Night begins. As it was foretold, so shall it be."  
  All looked towards the tops of the furthest willow trees surrounding the clearing, as the full moon silently crept out from behind the highest branches. A lonely owl called out from a distant tree branch as all grew deathly quiet. They once again turned towards the captivating Louis.
  Louis continued to enfold, and wrap his spells around the evermore awestruck.
    "All have to do as I say, or many of you might not make it back to the warmth of your own beds and loving homes tonight. For there are many things that lurk in the night, and underfoot that are unknown and unfamiliar to us. We do not want to raise an unclean spirit or un-natural beast. The Underworld has many a troubled creature lurking about. We are looking mostly for an astral fairy tonight."
    "What is an astral fairy?" asked one of the smallest children.
    "Good question. An Astral fairy and especially the one we are trying to communicate with and raise from inside of this fairy circle tonight is a good fairy. He is very small in nature, is humanoid in appearance and is a "Shape Shifter". Meaning he can take many forms if need be. He can only appear during a blue hour of the blue moon under the cover of a fog or a mist. He can only travel from his world into ours if summoned by a fairy tender," Louis pointed to himself then continued on, "he is good natured fairy but prone to bite. He has green eyes and usually appears riding on a ragwort stem or the back of a small bird, you see this makes it easier for him to fly, and cover more ground. Although astral fairies do have wings, they tire easily because they are so small. He will not be over five inches tall. He will try to confuse you with his words, it is how they have fun but he will never lie, you see, this is the astral fairy that I read about in one of Mr. Beamer's abnormal books, he is a Northumberland fairy and his name is Atamo. He is the king of the underworld fairies."
     "I sure would like to meet this fairy Atamo" understood an enraptured Tessie Whitman as she gazed over at the center of the fairy circle in anticipation at what wonders it would release for her and the other children on this night.
    "You will meet him Tessie if all goes well, but let me explain how we will raise him and how to avoid the other foul creatures that reside below us, that we surely do not want to rise, like Hobgoblins, evil Leprechauns or a bad Sleagh Maith fairy. Sleagh Maiths, they are very hairy and have been known to like the taste of little children, but only the bad children. There are good Sleagh Maith fairies as well. Are there any bad children here tonight?" ask the bemused wizard.
     "I don't want to get eaten tonight. I want to make it back to my bed," cried out a child from the far side of the circle "I've been good...really..."
    "Then pay attention and do as I say," retorted the quick-witted little Louis. 
  His plan was working perfectly. He had all scared and ready for what may come. Louis gave a reassuring wink at Molly who was sitting close by. Molly noticed the movement but it did not register it in her mind, she as well with the other children's senses was heightened and alive as they took in Louis's clever words.
    "The only way to raise a good fairy is for everyone to stand up now, clasp hands and we will begin to dance. Is everybody ready?"
    "Yes!...yes...!" cried out altogether.
  All stood and cheered as Louis gained their full attentions once more.
    "Now heed my words for if we do this wrong then bad things could happen. Now listen up. Nine circles counterclockwise, anticlockwise or left-hand-wise against the rotation of the sun, all clasp left hands and turn towards your left. No more than nine circles, and no one step into the fairy ring after the ninth circle or you could be pulled into the fairy circle by an evil fairy. Did everyone hear that?" asked a now very excited Louis "maybe even a leprechaun or two will appear?" All called out yes as their voices rose collectively together. 
    "It is now the bewitching hour, it is twelve O'clock and the Blue Hare Moon is at its apex. Help me sing and dance. Listen to the song and join in when you know the words; now everybody Widdershins!" Louis sung out at the top of his lungs, showing the ever-wiggling red epiglottis found at the very back of his throat:

He wha tills the fairies' green
Nae luck again shall hae:
And he who spills the fairies' ring
Nae we all dance and sing
    
Betide him want and wae.
For weirdless days and weary nights
Are his till his deein' day.
Nae we all dance and sing
    
But he who gaes by the fairy ring,
Nae dule nor pine shall see,
And he who cleans the fairy ring
An easy death shall dee.
Nae we all dance and sing
Nae we all dance and sing

The kids all joined hands and began to sing and to dance left-hand-wise as Louis lead the parade. With each circle completed around the fairy circle all yelled out one, two, three, and four... and so on. As the ninth circle was completed, Louis cried out at the top of their combined voices, "Behold the great Leprechaun". Louis threw another large handful of firecracker powder into the fire. The flames exploded outwards. Short Stack jumped out from behind Louis's expanded robe with perfect timing, now appearing from within the center of the fire and explosion, singing a lively chorus along with the others: 

He wha tills the fairies' green
Nae luck again shall hae:
And he who spills the fairies' ring
Nae we all dance and sing
Nae we all dance and sing

Short Stack was the spitting image of a Northern Leprechaun, he worn a military red coat sporting seven rows of buttons with seven buttons in each row, ample white breeches, with a broad-brimmed high pointed hat that was balanced upside down on his head. He was sporting a small silver sword in his waistband and a short-cropped fake beard. His overly-long pointed green shoes were turned up at the toes, self-same as Louis's.
  Molly tumbled, stumbled and fumbled backwards with Tessie and the others as Short Stack seemingly appeared from within the heart of the fairy circle in his full regalia. A murder of crows screeched out in the nearby pine trees as Short Stack squared his stance, widened his hips and afterwards clutched at the small sword. Rising it above his head he began a little jig to the joy of the others and once again began to sing out    

The fairies will be risin
The hare moon is not hiddin

Nae a bounty you'll be gettin
Three wishes will be granted

Shall we all dance and sing
All around the fairy ring


You was dancing and be singing
Which brought me to the surface beaming

Nea my pot of gold is in hiddin
And you were not be a soon to gettin

Shall we all dance and sing
All around the fairy ring

Shall we all dance and sing
All around the fairy ring

    "It's a real leprechaun blurted!" out a frightened Tessie above Short Stack's singing. 
    "Run...run...!" shouted out a few of the other kids at the sight of the very strange and odd-looking little man.
Molly clutched Tessie's hand as tightly as she ever has as both turned to each other for support. Half the children scatted and flew away from the fairy circle in hysterics as they regained their footing, whereas the other half had fallen along with Molly and Tessie to the soft ground. Then once again, Louis punctuated the leprechaun's arrival with another blast of powder into the fire. Louis could not take it anymore as he smiled so brightly at his friend and his wondrous theatrics. Short Stack fell about the ground laughing, holding his sides as the joke became clear to the children still within the perimeter of clearing.   
    "Ha...ha...ha...that is...er...ah...that's the funniest face you have...ha...ha...ha...ever made Molly. Tessie you slay me...you really do...,” cried out the ever so amused Louis, as he as well fell to the ground holding his sides, just as Short Stack had.
  Tessie looked squarely in Molly's face as both finally came to the realization that an awful joke had just been played on them and the other children that were still gathered. 
    "That's just plain not funny Louis, and who is the other prankster in the red suit and beard?" asked an angry Growlin Harry as he emerged from behind a large thicket at the far edge of the clearing.
    "Well it's me; I'm a Northern Leprechaun and my name...is..."
    "No allow me...ladies and gentleman...the delirious little creature directly up from below us, from the Underverse, Underworld and the Underneath, the Northern leprechaun...it's Mickey O'Flattery, better known as the best catcher the Centerville Giants have ever had...aka..Short Stack...now take a bow...take a bow" said Louis.
    "Louis you're gonna get it someday, really you are. There is nothing funny about what you two just pulled off," said a not very amused Tessie.
    "Yea Louis, you'll get yours one day, you wait Louis. You just wait" chimed in a livid Molly.
    "C'mon you should have seen your face Molly, you look like you just saw Harvey the Ghost who lives up in Miss. Pinkerton's attic. Now where is your sense of humor? Losing it in your young age already?" asked Louis as he slowly moved towards Molly's unwelcoming arms, to offer a request for forgiveness. 
  Molly gave Louis a half-hearted hug as Louis kissed Molly on the cheek, "Now you know I am very sorry and would not do anything like that again, you can trust me on this one Molly, and Tessie I am sorry as well, do you forgive me girls?" asked Louis with a disarming smile plaster across his boyish face.
    "How could I hold a grudge Short Stack, Louis? You got us this time, the next ones on us," said Molly.
    "Ok everyone still here, tell the others who ran off that it were all a joke, and take some of those brownies and cookies that Molly baked with you."
    "Yes, Becky Louis is right it was all a joke, catch up with the others and take some of those brownies over there with you like Louis said," stated Molly.
    "You are the worst Louis, Short Stack, and you are just as short as a real leprechaun, you know that? That was not funny at all," said Jay.
    "You wait Louis. Like Molly said your turn will come soon enough."
  The kids were calling out to Louis as all turned to leave the clearing.
    "Not funny Louis."
    "Yeah...not funny Short Stack."
    "OK, I got it guys. I kind of thought it was funny...well sorry anyway..." said Louis as he waved goodbye to everyone "Molly you and Tessie stay will you?"  
    "What for Louis, stay for what?"
    "I want to try one more time for real this time, to see if we can see a real fairy."
    "Oh...come on now Louis, now your back onto the fairy circle again...are you?"
    "Molly I think I can do it for real this time."
    "No more jokes now, right Louis and that goes for you as well Short Stack."
    "OK no more jokes or pranks," declared Short Stack as he looked about the tall grasses nearby looking for Chug who was still waiting for his turn to jump into the fairy circle.
  Molly looked about the clearing for trouble. All the other children had disappeared. She looked up at the full blue moon still found hanging at its apex in the cool blackened evening sky, then she looked about over to the left, then the right side of the fairy circle. Blue fogs still hung about the pine and willow trees as the night appeared to grow deathly quiet once again. Not a bird or cricket could be heard singing in the trees or rustling in the tall grasses, only heard was the crackling of the fire. 
  All four stood in front of the comforting fire as Short Stack reached for a brownie to eat.
    "Louis we have not seen Chug tonight," asked a bewildered Tessie "did he decide to stay home after all, or maybe his mom did not allow him out tonight?"
    "Yeah the second guess was right Tessie, his mom wanted him to stay in and do some chores" said Louis as he slowly scanned the tall grasses behind and around them to see if he could spot Chug who was still supposed to be in hiding, "he wanted to come but got real busy, yeah...that's what happened..." Louis's voice trailed off as he as well took a bite of a brownie.
    "Well he's missing a good dance and some fun singing," said a now more relaxed Molly.
    "Yeah he did Molly. What are we going to do now?" asked Tessie as she turned towards Louis.
    "I am sitting around a nice fire with a wizard and a leprechaun, under a supposedly magical blue moon surrounded by some wild blue fogs, what could be more fun than that?" asked a mocking Molly "and yeah what are we going to do next?"
    "We need to do the Widdershins dance and song one more time, but this time we have to eat a bite of a mushroom each, before we begin because that is the only way to truly and really see a blue moon fairy, an elf, or wee-folk, or hobgoblins or real leprechauns. I forgot that part the first time."
    "You still want to try again, and this time for real Louis?" asked an unsure Molly.
    "Sure I do Molly. I mean all joking aside I really did read a book about this and did really do some fairy tending here for the last couple of weeks, and by the way, this is Mr. Beamer's quagga-tail switch or magic wand or whatever he called it. I borrowed it from his attic this afternoon. And this is a real wizards robe and shoes they were Mr. Beamers. I think he must have worn them in his youth."
    "Louis he's going to kill you if he finds out you took that stuff of his," said Short Stack.
    "I'll return it tonight, don't worry about it Short Stack. Now how about we get started and take a "real leap of faith" and take a bite of something that could change your life and expand your mind?"
    "Are you sure it's safe Louis? Wild mushrooms are known to be dangerous" said Tessie as she picked up a handful of mushrooms "we're not going to get sick are we?" She selected two fully-grown mushrooms. Holding them up to her nose, she smelled them, "they smell terrible Louis."
    "Do you want to see a real fairy or don't you," asked Louis as he took the stance again of a real fairy tender and wizard. He wrapped his cloth robe neatly back around him, straightened out his wizard hat then placed the quagga-tail switch firmly in his left hand. With his right hand, he grabbed a piece of one mushroom that was held in Tessie's uneven hand. He divided it up, handing a small piece to Molly, then one to Short Stack.
  Chug who was watching the whole time from his hiding place nearby and was listening to the entire conversation decided that he as well wanted to see a real fairy. Through the tall grass at the far side of the clearing, he placed a mushroom in one hand. Under his breath he spoke to himself, "I want to see a real fairy...who wouldn't?"
    "Everybody ready, already?" asked Louis "Molly you go first". 
    "Louis if you raise the un-dead, the partially dead, the un-forgiving, semi-alive or whatever else what becomes of this; you better know what you're doing. Because I don't want to be eaten tonight, and I as well want to make it to my own bed later."
    "Molly just trust me...for I am the Great Fairy Tender..."
  Louis without another thought in mind gulped down the mushroom in hand. Molly turned towards Tessie as they clasped one hand together and with the other gulped down their mushrooms. Short Stack with a little hesitation swallowed his bite, along with the hidden Chug.
  Dryly going down everybody's throats at once, the foul taste of the foreign substance engulfed their senses. Chug dry-coughed as Molly grabbed at her throat. She tried to force the rest of the mushroom down or up, she really could not tell. Tessie ate a bite of a brownie to try to lessen the taste. The flavor of the magical mushroom was just plain awful.
    "That tasted like a sole of an old shoe Louis," said Molly as the last of the mushroom cleared her airway. 
    "It was worse than that," said Tessie as she fell to the ground grabbing at her throat, "it tasted like something that had died four days ago, then Growlin Harry dragged it around in his shoes, then we ate it, it was just disgusting."
  All turned as they thought they heard a cough at the other side of the fairy circle, coming from the grass. 
    "See were coughing and choking on these mushroom so loud that were echoing around the field here," said Louis as he tried to cover Chug's cough, "now let's start the singing and dancing again but like we mean it this time."
    "I feel a little queasy Louis," said Molly as she grabbed at her stomach.
    "Yeah...me too...Molly..." chimed in Tessie as she as well grabbed at her twisting and churning stomach.
    "Oh it will pass Molly, Tessie. Eat another brownie to hide the flavor. You will be all right now, just follow Short Stack and I. 
  Louis looked towards the center of the fairy circle. The diming fire light threw off little light upon its demise. 
    "Throw another stick on the fire Short Stack," asked Louis as he strained his focus on the center of the fairy ring.
  Short Stack threw two large sticks on the fire and two large handfuls of dry grass. As the fire ignited anew all turned to look at Louis's face as it scrunched up in pain similar to the others. 
    "I'll be alright now, what were those lyrics again. Oh yeah now I remember. Loudly now, and nine times counter-clockwise to the suns rotation, grab left hands and only nine times around. And no matter what do not step into the fairy circle after the ninth time around because a fairy can grab you and pull you in. And if that happens, I might not be able to pull you back out again. Now when the ninth circle is complete we should be able to look into the fairy ring and see Atamo the Astral Fairy for this is his night" said Louis as he headed towards the outside of the fairy circle.
    "And just think Louis Frank Fatbottom did not waddle up here tonight. Heck he is so fat now he's most likely hopping by now, so he does not drag his fat bottom on the ground, get it Louis...get it...Fatbottom..." said the sometimes cruel and insensitive Short Stack. 
    "Don't talk like that he might be here already and hiding, or he could hear you, then we would really be done for. He might punch you in your other eye for that crack" understood Louis as Molly, Short Stack and Tessie all placed their left hands in the hand of the one in front of them.
    "Sing out now loud and with meaning," shouted out the wizard.  

He wha tills the fairies' green
Nae luck again shall hae:
And he who spills the fairies' ring
Nae we all dance and sing

Betide him want and wae.
For weirdless days and weary nights
Are his till his deein' day.
Nae we all dance and sing
But he who gaes by the fairy ring,
Nae dule nor pine shall see,
And he who cleans the fairy ring
An easy death shall dee.
Nae we all dance and sing
Nae we all dance and sing

One, two, three times around, four, five...six...seven...eight...nine...

Nae we all dance and sing
Nae we all dance and sing

  Upon the ninth circle, Molly was having so much fun she failed to look down where her next footstep was landing. "Molly careful now..."yelled out Louis as Molly stumbled on a divot in the dirt below her. She stumbled forward and did not heed Louis's warnings, she continued around the fairy circle ring as all called out for her to stop.
  She was delirious with joy. 
  The enchanting mushrooms had grabbed a hold of her young mind. Her thoughts were spinning in infinity as she danced and sang about, as the other three were hopelessly lost in their own minds. As Molly finished a tenth time around the fairy circle she lost her breath as her slim legs failed her, she stepped into the fairy ring as Louis grabbed at her wavering hands. 
    "Molly no..." yelled out Louis.
  He lost his grip as the fairy circle began to fade from view. The fogs that had gripped the surrounding trees and bushes began to oddly close in on them. The light from the blue moon and the blue mystical fogs encircled them and began to entangle them. The moon appeared to be brighter as the fire nearby detonated once again. All turned towards the fire to see if Louis had threw another handful of firecracker powder upon the flames.
  He had not.
    "Molly!" screamed out to Louis as he lost his grip upon her thin, shaking fingers, "quick Short Stack step on my left foot."
  Short Stack without question, slammed his left foot down upon Louis's, Louis in turn spun his wizard hat around backwards.
    "My god man what are you doing now?" screamed out Tessie.
    "Fairies, it will confuse them if my hat is on backwards trust me" called out Louis as he placed his head into the blue fogs and mist that now entombed the fairy circle. 
  Louis could barely see in front of his hands as Molly now cried out inside of a fevered joy.
    "Louis I see them. I see them...I see the fairies. They are small and green with green and red eyes...no...no don't bite me!"
    "Molly no! Get out while you can, it is not too late. The spell is not complete, they do not have you yet...run Molly run..." screamed out Louis as he too saw the demonic red eyes of a Sleagh Maith fairy staring right back at him.
  His words fell deft upon her ears.
  Short Stack pulled Louis backwards as Tessie jumped into the fairy circle after Molly.
    "I'm coming Molly...I'm coming" yelled out a hysterical Tessie. She as well completely disappeared from view. 
  Chug hearing all of the commotion, dashed from his hiding place quickly advancing towards all the commotion on the outside of the fairy ring, "I could not hear you...were you calling me? The fogs are so thick I could not hear, what is going on?" 
  Abnormal cries of laughter fell from Tessie's and Molly's lips as both finally fell under the spell of the evil fairies. Louis lunged forward once again towards Molly as Chug pulled on Short Stack's shirt, and as Short Stack pulled on Louis's wizard robe. The combined weight of the two boys made it possible to extract Louis back out of the fairy circle. All three badly behaved boys tumbled backwards into the dirt in front of the once again roaring fire. Gaining their footings all stood up as the strange fogs suddenly lifted. Both of the girls were completely gone from sight, but now standing where the girls were last seen was the worst sight any of the young boys could ever have fathomed or imagined. 
  He was over six foot tall. 
  He was overly fatted.
  He was overtly mean.
  He was on the loose. 
  He was filled with hatred towards the world and all who called it home.
  A chubby clutched fist showed his tormented soul.
  Louis was the first to gain his senses, he darted off towards the left of the clearing in a full sprint but the oversized boy was just as nimble, which shocked Louis to no end. Fatbottom nimbly hopped forward twice and once sideways, making up the distance of over twenty feet in seconds. How could he move that fast? Chug followed Louis’s example as he screeched out, "Duck Louis...duck!"
  Frank Fatbottom threw a haymaker uppercut that shot past Louis's exposed chin. Louis was quicker and livelier for the time being. The wild punch missed its intended target, sparing little Louis's pearly white teeth.
    "Laugh at me will ya...call me fat...will ya?" shouted out the suffering boy, "yep I'm your worst nightmare come true, all three hundred and fifty pounds of me!"
  Frank Fatbottom lunged towards Louis, as Louis was again quicker than his aggressor was. Louis rolled to his left as Frank's overly fatted fingers clutched for Louis's exposed neck.  
    "But...but...you don't understand. I didn't mean to laugh at you last year. I was nervous. Everyone else was laughing; I was just trying to fit in. And all the other times I laughed at you behind your back. I was not bullying you...!" screamed out Louis in horror as Chug finally caught up to the two sparring kids. 
    "It was me! It is my entire fault, I am the one who made fun of you" blurted out Short Stack as has he too started to run toward Frank "it's settled, you gave me a black-eye and I deserved it. Leave Louis alone...!"  
  Chug jumped awkwardly upon Frank's broad back as Short Stack attached himself to one of Frank's thick legs. Louis tried to roll back to his right away from Frank but stumbled on a hidden rock, which broke his concentration. As the substantial fingers of his tormentor found their intended target, Louis screamed out in pain. 

    "I'm sorry Frank...Frank...Frank...!" bellowed out the terrified little boy. 
  All four rolled backwards together down a shallow slope into the heart of the fairy circle, deep into the necrotic zone; all their arms and legs were as entangled as all their emotions were. Louis gained his senses as best he could under the circumstances. Upon reaching into one pocket of his wizard robe, he grabbed at the quagga-tail switch. 
  His wizard hat flew off of his head as Chug tumbled over Frank's back, the weight of Chug colliding with Louis sent them both tumbling free of Frank's deathly grip. Short Stack held fast around one of Frank's enormous thighs. As Louis quickly stood up Short Stack, bit into Frank's pants legs and deep into his flesh, which caused Frank to scream out in pain. He quickly turned his full emotions and attentions towards his small attacker. This gave Louis just the amount of time he needed. Louis raised the quagga-tail switch high above his head then snapped it outward just as Mr. Beamer had done earlier that day in his barn. Louis being ever so sharp and quick-witted recanted Mr. Beamer's mystical spell.
    
Widdershins, Widdershins, a Widdershins night
all the children dance and shout, circle left nine times yes we do
just so we can raise you

Quagga-tail switch, abide and heed my callings
because tonight's blue moon is surely rising

Upon the rise in the next twilights new morning
Be an Astral Fairy nary a Sleagh Maith Hairy

Young is he the new crowned fairy tender
his youth should not be his profound undoing

Under my command you must wisely rise
be only Atamo the Astral Fairy, or the fairy tender faces his demise

Widdershins, Widdershins, a Widdershins night
all the children dance and shout!!
  
  Frank slapped Short Stack in the face, thus sending him rolling towards Chug's feet. Both of the two young boys rolled to a stop together as Short Stack's face stung as if a hundred bees had just stung him. Short Stack screamed out in agony and anger. Louis was still quick to react; he reached into his wizard robe, probing its depths to find his salvation. 
  Showing his scorn and hatred of the world and all the pain it has caused him Fatbottom shouted out again, "Bullies of the world unite! This is our job, to crush the meeker children of the world, and to cause as much pain to them as they cause to us. It's not my fault that I am a Foster Child! I am not the governor's son! My real name is Frank Frankle!”
  Louis was too lost in deep thought to hear Frank's loud proclamations, false explanations and poor excuses. Louis found another handful of thunder, he forcefully threw the firecracker powder into the nearby partially buried Möjebro Runestone (that Mr. Beamer had talked about earlier), the powder ignited then exploded outwards, all about them. Once more Louis snapped the quagga-switch forward. Two expansive white and red lightning bolts shot out from the tip. Both explosions engulfed the four children as the deafening sounds of the thunderbolts pounded all of their senses. The ground rumbled below their feet as the earth began to shake and shimmy. Again, Louis began the hypnotic words of Mr. Beamer's spell.   

A  Widdershins, Widdershins...
A Widdershins night...

all the children dance and shout, circle left nine times yes we do
just so we can raise you


A Widdershins night...
A widdershins night...

  As the petite Louis shouted out the last verse, the volume of his voice trailed off to nothingness. As if by a divine intervention, the ground below their feet opened up to welcome them into a darker world...a stranger world...a unknown world...to the underworld, to a place known as Northumberland. The earth swallowed them whole: the Great Wizard, the Hobgoblin, the Leprechaun, and the King of all Bullies. 
  Walpurgis Night came to an abrupt ending.




























~Chapter 4~
 Digger the Blue Moon Hare

  Louis slowly stirred; he finally had awakened from his most unnatural sleep. The supernatural mushrooms he ingested early had taken their toll on his mind and spirit. His head spun and pounded as he reached a sitting position. His head felt like a blacksmith had been hammering on it for days on end, his mouth and throat were dry his nerves were frazzled. He tried to swallow but he could not. Thirst entered his clouded and confused mind. Upon rubbing his eyes open, the ocular nerves found at the back of his eyes were at first blinded by the weird and wonderful fluorescent blue lights of the underworld.
  Looking about his odd surroundings, he could not fathom what he was seeing. There was no sun, no moon, no stars, no clouds, no winds, and no expected heavens. There was only earth and what appeared to be thick lingering blue fogs hovering high overhead. All was light blue in color. 
  All was silent. 
  At first not a creature could be found, not a burrowing earth-dweller below or a flying creature above. The Leprechaun and the Hobgoblin and the Bully could not be seen, they had vanished with the closing of the earth above them. Louis looked up but could not see the earth on top of him or the slippery, dank, and wet wormhole that he had just fallen through. Louis now deliberately stood upon shaky legs. As he looked about...the farthest, the fogs would allow...he could tell he still stood in the necrotic zone of his fairy circle. He was still cloaked in his wizard robe, his wizard hat was found close by lying on the ground, and the quagga-tail switch was still clasped in his left hand. He reached into his pocket to find his pocket-watch, the clock read twelve straight up, the second hand did not move. He shook the watch to see if the hands were stuck, then listened to the inner working of the mechanism. The pocket-watch was ticking but the hands did not move. 
  He was stuck in time. 
  Neither forwards, sideways or backwards did the hands of the watch move. Louis could not think through his situation yet, his mind was still foggy from the gestation of the magic mushrooms, and the over-whelming visual stimulus that his eyes were recording. The stillness of this world was all encompassing and over-whelming in its motionlessness and peacefulness. Louis had never encountered a place like this in his books, his travels or in his thoughts. He was just too young and in-experienced in this life. 
    "The heavy blue fogs surrounding you will lift soon, and so will your spirits with their passings," said a smallish voice that entered Louis's ears from a near distance. Louis quickly turned to his left and then to his right, he could not decide from which direction the voice was coming from. 
    "As the blue moon rises as it always has at midnight each day, the fogs will lift and dissipate," said the friendly and yet oddly familiar voice. Louis heard the words more clearly this time then responded in kind.
    "Are you a person of humankind or form, a fowl creature of this strange world or an unnatural going-against-nature beast that is going to eat me? I am a little small for my age and have had many nightmares about being eaten, as most kids of my age have had" related Louis as his senses became more keen and his mind evermore clearer. He tried to swallow again but his mouth and throat were still too dry to quench his growing thirst. His palms grew sweaty as his eyes narrowed to find the face behind the voice of the stranger.
    "No I cannot eat you because I am smaller than you are, and I only eat vegetables."
  Louis thought that to be a strange thing to say but did not further the conversation as he strained to see the intruder. The heavy blue fogs began to lift above and about him. As the fogs disappeared before him into emptiness, the true world around him was revealed to his inquiring eyes, and now little by little more stimulated mind.
  The fairy circle was still intact except for the mushrooms that the children had eaten earlier. The sky now appeared to him, it was a lighter blue than the fogs. And a full blue super-moon hung at its apex in the sky. There was neither a cloud nor natural sunlight. It appeared that only the blue moon lit the skies and the heavens above, and that this was this world's only light.
  Now scanning the area more clearly all became more truly clear to him. A light blue clear water stream trickled over small river rock to his left. The sounds were peaceable and comforting to his soul. His thirst drove him towards the inviting waters. As the fogs continued to dissipate, more was revealed to his wondering eyes. Six-foot tall daises of off colors oranges and yellows appeared; ten-foot tall water lilies lined the steam, with lily pads three foot across sparsely populating a medium-sized lake at one end of the slow moving stream. All were bathed in a sea of light blues.
  Colorful butterflies and mayfly is a foot across fluttered by. Louis beheld a considerable sized humming bird in flight nearby draining the sweet nectar an oft-white trumpet lily. The flower willingly allowed the thirsty visitor within her lovely petals. It was all so harmonious and calm. Louis became agreeable with this new world and it appeared to welcome him into its' loving arms. Mother Nature was putting on a show for Louis to tangle in and entangle him in its beauty; Louis welcomed it as well. 
  Looking off to his left, he saw an enormous green forest of what appeared to be a strange offshoot of weeping willow, pine and birch trees. Off to his right was a colossal, high mountain range bathed in sea of glimmering virgin snows. Looking aloft even higher a large gather of migrating birds glided effortlessly across the sky. The birds were odd shaped like nothing he had ever seen before. They held the deepest colored reds in their broad tail feathers and the most stunning yellows found interlaced on the crests of their bulbous heads. They sung a lively song in unison as they slowly passed out of sight and hearing.
  Louis's mind was so completely emerged in a new world's beauty that he had forgotten about the stranger who had engaged him in conversation only a few moments sooner. After quenching his thirst in the glistening stream, Louis began the conversation anew.
    "I am glad you are smaller than me, so I am safe then?" asked a curious Louis.
    "I did not say that. You are as safe as your mind believes you to be," said the thin voice.
  Louis followed the voice trying to find the source. Looking upwards perched below an outsized yellow daisy on an oversized rock sat an undersized blue shorthaired rabbit. He was not much bigger than a common house cat and his ears appeared to be overly large for his head, which looked abnormal to Louis. 
    "My you have large ears," stated Louis, as he stood motionless before the wry rabbit.
  The rabbit spoke again, as he flicked his two ears forwards and rearwards in a rapid motion.
    "Yes they are large; they are my best feature besides my clever thieving ways. 
  Louis spoke again to the adorable creature "So it does appear that you cannot eat me then?"
    "No I cannot eat you nor do I want to. I am only twelve inches tall and I eat only vegetables, which I told you so before now."  
    "You are a thief?"
    "Natural born thief, just ask Mr. Beamer."
  Louis studied the rabbit in detail as his memory searched for distant memories.
    "I recognize you now. You are Digger the Rabbit who lives in Mr. Beamer's vegetable patch.
    "I am...The One and Only!"
    "Yes you are a thief and I good one I might add. I have been trying to catch you for years."
    "I know I am way too fast, and too clever for you that are why you can never catch me. Now I recognize you as well. Hattie May is your mother and your father has gone off to war. You are an only child, and like to make fun of over-weight kids, as well as your friends do. That is why you have been banished to the Kingdom of Gwynedd here on the outskirts of Northumberland," stated the intellectual little rabbit.
    "I am where...in Northumberland...and I have been banished by whom?" asked the questioning boy.
  Louis looked about his surreal and odd surroundings once again. It finally hit him that he was not in his own world, that even though this original world was beautiful to the eyes and engulfed his right mind, everything about this new-fangled world was foreign to him. The outlandish colored plants, the larger than day's flowers, the trees all were overly sized. The birds all were foreign to him, and he was not acquainted with many of the species that he saw. Then and most troublesome to him was the blue mysterious moon hanging overhead, it was foreboding in some strange way even though its beauty was truly captivating. There was no sunlight only the soft blue lights generated from the dwarf planet hanging eerily above them. The blue fogs of a few minutes ago, and of course, there was the talking rabbit. It all closed in upon his mind as he tried to think through this most worrisome situation.
  Louis inhaled a large breath of thick fresh air; now fully extending his lungs. His pulse quickened, which sent a stream of much needed adrenalin into his heart and mind. Clarity entered his thoughts as he spoke out again.
    "Digger tell me again where I am, why I have been banished and most importantly of all where are my friends; Molly Jenkins, Tessie Whitman, Chug Martin and Short Stack. And what happened to Frank Fatbottom?"
    "So many questions, I can truly understand your concern, it is written across your worried brow. What is in this for me and why should I help you? I am just a lowly thief living in this world as you do now. I could try to explain your situation to you."
    "Please do little rabbit. You will be rewarded one day I assure you if you help me. Remember a good deed has its own rewards, and is natural in nature."
    "You are correct in your thinking. My reward will be my good deed today that is enough for me at this moment in time. Thank you for reminding me about doing a good deed each day. "A good deed a day keeps the doctor away", now let me explain a few things to you Louis. You were banished for your bad behavior as I have been for mine, because of my thievery of Mr. Beamer's vegetables. I can only travel back into our expected world during a full blue moon and for only very short periods of time, this is allowed so I can see my family that lives above us. That was the deal I struck with Túngara Spadefoot, who rules the dark world of Northumberland, more about him later. 
  The full blue moon, which we observe now as we speak, will only stay visible in the nighttime skies for a few more hours so I must be going now, or I will not be able to see my family. I only stopped to say hi and show you the way to your next destination, and your possible deliverance from this position in your life. I am here now to try to help you, because if I do I can help myself out of my problems as well, that as well will be my reward, you know the good deed and the doctor and all. You see I understand this world and you do not. I shall return to you later with more answers. My family comes first; I must leave now."
  Digger began to hop off towards a small burrow in the ground that was only a few yards away from them.
    "Can I come with you?" asked a now ever-more-so worried Louis.
    "No you are too large to enter my burrow and that is not your fate. You have been sent here by Túngara Spadefoot to bid his tidings. He has a quest that he is going to send you on. There will be more on that later. I can answer all of your questions upon my return in a few hours. I will not determine your fate in this new world. You must first find Atamo the Astral Fairy. He is the ruler of this land here called the Kingdom of Gwynedd. You must find Atamo first, he will show you the way towards Northumberland and help you with your deliverance from this Underland." 
  Digger entered his burrow once again; his ears began to disappear from view, then his furry tail.  
    "Wait Digger, wait!" shouted out Louis as he began to scurry towards the vanishing rabbit "where do I find this Atamo the Astral Fairy?"
    "Follow the stream northwards. His kingdom will appear to you in a few hours, he can help you find your friends" understood the little blue rabbit as the last of his tail was lost from view.   
  The rabbit hole began to close behind him. 
    "No Digger, come back, come back. I have so many questions to ask of you still."
  The rabbit hole disappeared completely from view as the ground closed behind the cynical blue haired rabbit. Louis frantically scratched at the soft ground where Digger just disappeared. It would not open to him. It was not his fate to be released from his newfound prison at this time. The way back home was lost from view. Centerville was further away from him now than it had ever been before, as were his loving family and good friends. What had become of them, where was Molly, Short Stack, Tessie Whitman and Chug Martin? Where they still alive? Does his mother even know he went missing yet? Are there foul and unsavory creatures in this beautiful new world that would like eat Louis? 
  There were so many questions to ask; and so few answers to be found and his only apparent new friend in this world had just vanished.
  Louis sat slowly down on a nearby medium-sized rock lodged at the side of the streambed. His emotions began to overwhelm him. The horror of his situation completely engulfed him all at once; he began to sob uncontrollably. His shoulders heaved up and down as he lowered his head in shame. Tears of sorrow and fright flowed freely from his sad eyes. He was alone and lost and full of worry in the most wondrous place he had ever seen before. What would befall him? What did fate really have in store for him, in the next few hours or even days, months or years? Was he doomed to live here alone for the rest of his natural born life, or had the clever rabbit given him a glimmer of hope? Who is this Túngara Spadefoot? Who is Atamo the Astral fairy?  

*

  Louis had cried himself to sleep, as he had so many times before in his youth. Having red hair, freckles, being an only child and being small for his age had taken its toll on little Louis in his childhood. He had been bulled so many times before by the larger children in his school, or by the smarter ones, or the more privileged ones, or the better looking ones, this all just seemed to be a part of his growing up. He believed that all kids must suffer the same fate as he does, but not to the point that he does. He knew he was different in this way. It was always just a little tougher for him to survive the world. And that is the way he looked at it now...just survive this. Why is it always me he thought over and over?
  Upon waking, Louis was not sure how long he had been asleep; minutes, hours or even days. Louis glanced once again at his pocket-watch. It still read twelve. Time had no meaning here, that had finally sunken into Louis. 
  He was lost in a purgatory, lost in nothingness, lost in another world that was both beautiful and delicate.
  After Louis quenched his thirst once more, hunger now crept into his thoughts. After searching about the shoreline for a few moments, he located a large vine strewn with ripe wild blueberries. He relished in their taste and believed they were the freshest and excellent he had ever eaten. Noting there were more here than he could eat at one sitting he located a juvenile water-lily tube, he filled it to the top being careful not the crush the berries inside of his work. He gingerly placed them into one of the pockets inside his oversized robe. 
  After eating his fill, he moved towards the fairy circle still found only a few yards away. With the heavy blue fogs at the present lifted, he could now view the entire circle. Sleuthing about he counted and analyzed the footsteps and foot patterns found inside. 
  A curios fact entered his mind. 
  All of his friend's footsteps were there and all were the correct size. After placing a finger aside of his nose another curious fact became immediately visible. There were an extra set of footprints, if you could call them that. They were much grander in scale than an average operates or boys might be, and were much deeper in depth. They were webbed, with only three toes. Louis stepped into one of them, the depth was about a foot into the soft ground and his full foot fit into just part of one toe. 
    "This creature must be enormous, weighing well over three thousand five hundred pounds. It must be the size of a bull elephant and weigh as much as an alpha-male hippopotamus. I hope this is not in my immediate future, what would become of me if I stumble upon this creature, could I survive this?" Louis's voice was as shaken as his confidence at the prospect of a living thing of this size and weight residing with him, in this new world. Louis could not truly fathom that danger yet but it would now be in the back of his mind from this moment onward.
  Searching once again about the clearing and partly buried in the very center of the fairy circle he found another strange difference. After digging in the dirt for a few moments to reveal the object, it became evermore apparent to him. It was now clear that a smooth, three-sided Runestone had been unearthed. There were remarkable numeric marking etched into the face and a raised runic alphabet that Louis could not decode. After clearing away the rest of the dirt from the base, the entire stone was now completely revealed to him. 
  Louis ran his fingers across the peculiar letters and strange numbers, firmly transplanting them into his memory. Not trusting his full senses just yet and not wanting to forget the inscriptions written across the face of the eccentric stone he grabbed for a piece of paper and pencil from his front upper pocket. He carefully wrote down the out of the ordinary markings and words: 

krapsioultreborsyalereh
ecaepnitserehyam
dlosraey01

  Louis looked forwards, sideways, indirectly and crossways at the odd writing. He could not for the life of him conclude as to what the strange letters or words meant. He gingerly placed the paper into his pocket, and did not give it another thought for the moment, other more important factors now pressed upon his mind.
  Looking up the river stream northwards once again, the pathway was clear toward the Kingdom of Gwynedd. Placing one faltering foot in front of the other, his uncertain journey began. The stream was shallow but the flow was steady and swift. He dare not cross it or be swept away back into the large lake at its far south end. 
   As Louis landed foot after foot into the shallower waters at the shoreline, a myriad of fist-sized tadpoles scurried outwards in all directions. This alarmed Louis to no end. They were all so large and there were so many. "I wonder how large their mother's and father's must be if these tadpoles are this size at birth?" said Louis aloud.  
  He walked for the better part of what he estimated to be about five hours. Spotting a large...what appeared to be...a willow tree shading the bank ahead of him, and a flat area to lie upon Louis decided to take a well-deserved break. He placed the quagga-tail switch on the ground besides him, placed his wizard cap on his lap then opened up the lily tube holding his prized blueberries. After indulging again, he began to take stock of all that was on his person. 
   After searching about in his oversized pockets, he dumped his belongings on the ground in front of him. To his surprise, the two small books that he had been reading and had borrowed from Mr. Beamers' attic were present. He thought that odd and did not remember placing them there earlier the last day or the night before. 
  Louis had all of the normal belongings that a child of his age would carry in his pockets; a slingshot, magnifying glass, two cat-eyed marbles, a pocketknife, a pencil and paper, a pocket flute and chewing gum. Not exactly anything, much of use thought Louis. But Louis did carry a few more handfuls of firecracker powder that was dry-wrapped in a small cloth pouch. 
  He glanced backwards to where he had just been, then eyed the shoreline ahead when a noticed a most peculiar stone that appeared to be floating in the water just off the shoreline. It was about six inches across and wide, as smooth as blown-glass and bathed in red and purple hues. It was stunningly beautiful with a naturally occurring hole in the dead center.
  Louis removed his robe and shoes then cautiously waded out into the stream to get a better look at the strange object. As he gazed upon its prettiness, it wonderfully refracted the moons blue light across his face, temporarily blinding him. Looking sideways, he placed the stone inside of his shirt to block the reflections, and as he did this the splendid colors inside paled and faded to an off-colored brown. Its life-light had diminished.
  Although Louis was not yet sure of the purpose of this out of the ordinary stone, he knew he had found a rare treasure that may come in handy in the near future; it is a stone that floats and that appears to have a place in this new world for the living to manipulate. 
  As Louis was reaching the shoreline, a rustling was heard from under a canopy of bushes located by a large nearby tree at the shoreline. Louis was hesitant to investigate the noise and movement. He thought he heard what sounded like painful squeals and squeaks coming from the interior of some of the bushes. The cries began to get louder as Louis cautiously approached. With an unsteady hand Louis removed one of the largest branches, now exposed below was a medium-sized creature about four feet wide and five feet long. He was covered in bloody and matted, thick brown fur. It was held captive in place by a steal huntsman's trap. 
  Louis's natural kindness and instincts took a hold of him, "Do you need some help? You look like you are in pain."
  A tainted smile masked his intense pain "Yes, some help would be nice. I have been trapped here for the better part of three days, and I feel my resolve and strength is fading. Death will come soon if I am not released from my unwarranted bindings." Another delicate painful smile crossed the creature's face. 
  A few more heavy branches were removed by Louis who stirred a large nest of tadpoles resting in a sinkhole at the base of the thickest root. This scattered the tadpoles into an angry stampede out of the farthest depths, they shot for the surface trying to escape the supposed invader of their den. One bit Louis on the top of one foot, thus sending pain signals into Louis's brain cells. A small amount of blood pooled at his feet, until the swift moving stream cleared the water around his foot. Louis reached for the wound as he called out in pain, this drowned out the cries of the real invader.
  Grasping at the top metal clasp of the cage and then releasing two large swivel pins at the camouflaged door the cage door flew open. Cries of relief were now heard as the claws of the cage liberated its captive. Back-peddling from the metal trap and tadpole den with a slight limp Louis reached the rocky shoreline. He looked down at the bite on his foot, which was now reddish and slightly swollen. It was still lightly bleeding when the furry creature approached the shoreline and Louis to offer his grateful thanks upon his deliverance.
    "A mugwort plant will stop the bleeding and help in the healing. It is a bright red flowering plant you cannot miss the colors when you see them, you will know the plant. The bite was not that deep you would be fine if you place the root of that plant upon your foot to draw the poison out of the wound. Then eat a few mouthfuls of it. One of Spadefoot’s children bit you. You rustled one of their nests."
    "Thank you I will look for that plant as soon as I can. Now as for you, so you were poaching your dinner from the tadpole nest and became trapped by a metal guardian of that nest?"
    "Yes I was indeed foraging for my dinner. You see I am a thief like Digger the March Hair," said the grateful shoplifter. 
    "I see a bandit like Digger, there seems to be a lot of slick characters in this world."
    "Yes a few I suppose. All worlds have unsavory types it balances out the good ones such as you. Thank you for saving my life" said the water-dweller as his strength began to return upon his freedom. I must be returning to my family. I have been gone for three days. Any more questions of me before I depart?"
    "Just a few, what type of creature are you. You have longer claws and teeth than I have ever seen in one so small before, and your eyes have an unnatural color of orange. By the way I am sure happy to know that you do not like to eat small boys, or upon your release I could have been your dinner," said the curious child. 
    "I am a Trogontherium Cuvieri, genus...I come from the Castor family...nocturnal and semi-aquatic. My given, shortened name is Trog" stated the water-dweller as he now stood proudly upon the shore.
    "And what does all that mean?" 
    "I am a common beaver in this world, but not so common in your world. Your world could not fathom the likes of me. I am quite wicked and appalling to look at. Well I have to be going now and thanks again for my release from that horrid trap. I will be more careful next time. I hate that Spadefoot, nasty piece of work is he."
    "Who is Spadefoot? This is the second time I have about him."
    "No more...I must be going now. Oh and by the way, I do like the taste of small children. Just a thought, ponder on that as you must. Therefore, you see it is really you that are having a good day not me upon my release. I will take your lead and do this one good deed today as you have. Remember if you ever need a favor of me just ask. Good luck in your travels I must be getting back to my beaver lodge" said the ever-hungry flesh-eating creature as it plunged back into the quick flowing stream and down into its deepest currents, looking for another tadpole to eat.
  The most fortunate Louis exhaled a long deep breath of relief at his good fortune this day as he lay down against a large rock lodged in the shore. This offered shade to him from the glowing blue lights of the blue moon that rained down upon him from above. He rubbed his sore foot as he began to ponder all that had just happened. Somebody's dinner oh my...what could have been? I was on someone's menu thought Louis. He closed his eyes and pondered how his day was going for the better part of 
a few hours. Lucid daydreams, a few nightmares, a few new fantasies and miles away thinking was his again. A daydreamer he was and a daydreamer he would be his whole life. Today was no different. But mostly he just thought of his family and friends and did they miss him or know that he was in deep trouble.
  Hunger and a noise awoke him.
  Up again and refreshed from his napping he looked about as he now heard another odd noise by the shoreline. Being on guard now more than ever Louis jumped to his feet as a small patch of soft ground parted and a small area of freshly dug earth rose to the surface. Louis was alarmed to no end as his curiosity overtook him. He was troubled at the grounds movement. He stood in place as a familiar figure emerged from below.  
    "So I see you have found an adder stone" said the wry rabbit Digger as he shook the loose earth off of his floppy ears "and a nice one I must add."
    "Digger! It's you once again!" said the now enlivened Louis as he now sat down on a large rock found nearby. Digger took three large hops then jumped into Louis's lap. Louis was so happy to see his new friend that he welcomed Digger into his loving arms. 
    "You being a thief...I don't mind...as long as you do not steal from me. There are so many thieves in this world, oh my..."
    "I would never steal from a friend and a friend you will be from this moment on."
    "Good because I can use all the friends I can get at this time. You only get a chance to make so many friends in your life, and this appears to be as good as a time as ever," said Louis as he rubbed the top of Digger's fuzzy head.
     "Friends it will be then" said Digger as he wrapped his overly large, soft, furry ears around Louis's neck and shoulders.
  Louis searched about his surroundings once again before he formulated a few questions for the kind rabbit. Looking to his left towards the west he spotted a high mountain range, looking upwards he eyed the stoic blue moon still hanging insecurely in the same position in the sky, he then looked towards the gentle stream and the rocky pathway that lay ahead.
    "Digger I have so many questions to ask you, as you well know. First off where have you been for the last couple of hours?"
    "Why of course, I have been plundering Mr. Beamers vegetable garden in our own world. I was starving. Care for a few carrots? Also, I have a head of lettuce, a few small tomatoes and even a cucumber or two. They should taste familiar to you." 
  Digger dug into his pouch, he produced his bounty to Louis.
    "Sure I want some carrots. I am very hungry. I have eaten only a few handfuls of blueberries that I found on a vine by this stream a ways back. I have saved some for later in case that is all the food I could find here."
  Louis welcomed the nourishment then in turn gave Digger another warm embrace upon receiving his late afternoon lunch. Both dined by the inviting shallow stream as the conversation continued forward in earnest.
    "First off how is your family, and did you get to see them before your return to the underworld?" asked a caring Louis.
    "The little Miss' has had another litter. You know our large families and us rabbits. My wife's name is Honey Bunny Rabbit. And she had four more little bunnies. Now we are up to twenty five children, by my last count."
    "You must be a very busy little rabbit?
    "Well of course I am, in more ways than you know."
    "Can you recite all their names to me?"
    "Well of course I can, but I think you have more important questions for me now than that."
    "I do but first what is your full name Digger? If I am going to make a true friend I must know more about them."
    "My full name is Benjamin Bunny Rabbit, but everyone of course calls me Digger."
    "What is your full name Louis, then onto business?"
    "My full name is Robert Louis Parks, and if you like you can call me Red or Ginger. I don't mind those nicknames if the words drop from a friend's mouth. I have many nicknames, and some have not been very polite or kind as you know. When you are as small as we are, adults, kids and even bunny rabbits can tease and bully the smaller ones amongst us. And that is why I have been sent here into this world, am I right?" asked Louis as he looked up to the world above him, then around him once more. 
  Louis sighed.
    "Don't be too sad Louis. This will not be your destiny. I mean you can pass through this world and back to your own if you do what is asked of you, just as I am doing now. You see I have passed many tests since I have been here, and have done as Túngarar Spadefoot has asked and so much more. He now allows me to see my family, and to visit Mr. Beamer's garden every so often, which I do appreciate. He can be kind you know. If you do as he asks of you then you as well will be able to see your family once in a while."
    "I do not want to see my family once in a while. I want to go live with them again. I need to go home now, not later. I also need to find my friends who are missing in this lost world" where are they and how do, I find them? Then we all must go home, back to our world together? What does this Túngarar Spadefoot want of me or my friends for that matter?" asked the careworn and very frustrated little boy.
    "You have so many questions and we have so little time. You have done as I asked of you earlier in time. You have made great progress in moving forward up this stream inside the Kingdom of Gwynedd. You have done well and have traveled very far. I can see you are driven to start your quest and be rid of this place forever. I am only to be your guide for the first part of your journey, and to get you to this first destination that is what Túngarar Spadefoot commanded me to do."
  Louis was still in disbelief at what he was hearing.
   "But where are my friends, are they held captive by this Túngarar Spadefoot or are they lost in this world like I am?"
   "I do not know of their plight. I am only assigned to you. He may have other purposes for them. I do not know the answer to your questions. You will have to find out those answers through your own journeys here. I believe the quest you will be sent on, that you will cross your friends in that course of action. Mr. Spadefoot can be a monster at times and may try to punish you along the way. 
  Now you are supposed to meet Atamo the Astral Fairy inside the Kingdom of Gwynedd here soon. He will lead you to the dark side of Northumberland where you are to meet Spadefoot. As for now, we must find shelter and quickly, that is why I have returned to you at this time. The deep fogs will soon surround us again as before, as the celestial cycle of the moon returns. The moon will rotate on its axis soon and with this comes the cover of the fogs and then out will creep the sinister creatures of the night that dwell inside of this envelope. The blue lights will fade as the fogs return. We must find shelter, then onwards, and forwards through the Kingdom of Gwynedd the first thing the next morning.
    "What creatures of the night are you talking about?"
    "Mostly the winged creatures that patrol the skies above will appear first then the bottom dwellers will come into sight, those that are like me, who can burrow into the earth. There is Rukh the Fire-Breathing Dragon, he is master of our skies. His feathers glow the color of fire and are illuminated inside of this blue world with each downward stroke of his massive wings; he exhales an inferno of flames with each mighty breath released from his broad feathered chest. He creates death and destruction at will, if his mood is foul, or if his appetite for flesh has not been satisfied recently. There is no match for him above or below us. He is one of many horrid flying beasts that watch the skies for Apohasis the Destroyer."
    "Who is this Apohasis the Destroyer?" asked Louis as his eyes widened and his breath fluttered.
    "He is the mighty. He is the true king of this land. He is the slinking and slimy serpent who rules all things below us and all things above us. This king of all snakes lies mostly dormant in his lair at the very center of the Underworld. He sleeps on his bed of ill-gotten and stolen gems, pilfered gold and pinched diamonds. He leaves his underlings to do his biddings for him. If all goes well you will not have to encounter either of these two great beasts. It has been foretold and mostly believed in by all the good residents who reside inside of this world, and it is in your future, that you will one day entangle yourself with these two wretched creatures in the far off land known as The Valley of the Kings in olden Egypt. 
  But the writings in the ancient scrolls are murky and many are missing, so we are not completely sure about your factual plight, and what true place is yours, and ours will be in the future" stated the little rabbit as he looked upwards towards the softening light from the blue dwarf planet. 
    "What is this world you live in? Total and complete beauty surrounds us by the bright blue lights from the moon above during the so-called day, then fear and death when the fogs come out from their hidden resting places. And what and how are these things foretold about me? I am just little Louis from Centerville, how can what you speak about me be true?"
    "In time Louis all will be revealed to you. I should have not told you about these things in your future. As for now, you have worst things to worry about my friend. There are swamp giants, forest trolls, and menacing Minotaur is that will soon be lurking about. There is Hydrarchos the Water Serpent, evil Logherymen or as you might call them up above in our world, leprechauns. There are wicked Sleagh Maith fairies, black witches, goblins, and land draugs...oh Louis the list goes on and on. But the worst of all of these is Túngarar Spadefoot, the King of the Undertoads. Atamo will take you to him, Spadefoot he calls you. Tonight I will bury deep into the ground and make sure the burrow is wide enough and full of meaning enough that the things that go bump in the night cannot harm us."
    "It is all so over-whelming. I hope I am up for this quest."
    "You will be but first, I was below when I saw you find the adder stone and I saw that you have met Trog the Water-Dweller. You are lucky to have escaped his ever-present hunger and his sharp teeth and claws. I could not help you, nor would I. His strength could have been both of our demise. I watched all that happened between you and him, but more important is now I see that your foot is swollen from a bite from our enemy. If we do not find a mugwort root, soon you will be lost to the powers and evil will of the night's creatures. 
  Digger disappeared from view for the better part of twenty minutes as Louis ate another few carrots and some lettuce. Appearing back to the streamside, the little rabbit reached into his front pouch, he produced a brightly colored red plant with a long black, thick root. 
    "Louis bite into this root, mulch up the core then swallow most of it, spit the rest into the palm of your hand, then rub what is left on the outside of the wound. This should draw most of the poison of the bite that is already in your body to come forth up from your bloodstream and into your mouth, spit that out. And upon rubbing the rest of the mulch on the outside skin, it should seal the bite area. But you will still have the evil spell of Spadefoot upon you and in you; you can never shed that entirely."
  Smelling the root gave Louis pause. 
    "Will this make me sick if I swallow it?"
    "If you do not swallow it, sickness from the root will be the last of your worries."
  A hesitant Louis placed the foul smelling root into his mouth, upon chewing for a moment the full disgust of the taste covered the taste buds on his tongue. He almost choked up the pulp. After managing to get most of it down his throat, he spit some on his fingers. A good long swallow and a rub here and there across the wound and all was over and done, or so he thought.
  Digger jumped backwards as Louis violently coughed up that which he just ingested. Not a pleasant sight but most useful. Buckled legs, a stirred mind and sweaty palms followed Louis as he collapsed upon a small grassy area by the side of the stream. Digger jumped under Louis's head as it fell towards a wayward rock, thus saving Louis's present and future memories and possibly his life.  
  The seemingly lifeless body lay intestate and in a mild shock as the evermore-resourceful rabbit looked about the small clearing by the streambed for a place to dig and where the earth appeared to be more forgiving for his burrow for the night, now that all of the day's activities were finally over. Slowly disentangling himself from below Louis's head, he headed towards the next task.
   He plunged with full conviction into the earth as Louis gained back some of his senses. Working quickly and with great organization, a large burrow began to appear out of the nothingness of the earth. Louis was enthralled at the mastery of his oversized feet in action. Like a surgeon at work on an operating table, Digger quarried a hole large enough to fit them both and complex enough to outwit any intruder. Louis had found a comfortable place to sit as he watched the rabbit's due diligence, then within a few more moments the rabbit popped up inside of a nearby thicket. He waved Louis over then both went missing as quickly as they could.
  Both disappeared from sight just as the blue fogs encircled the clearing for the evening. Louis followed Digger towards the very back, and the deepest part of the burrow. As Louis was climbing downwards, the adder stone fell from one of the pockets of his robe, to Louis's surprise the stone glowed brightly inside of the lair, dispersing out of the ordinary bright orange, green and yellow lights all about them. The prior darkness had disappeared. This comforted Louis to no end but also heightened his interests.
    "I keep forgetting Digger that we are not in Centerville anymore. The more strange things are becoming the more normal they appear to be here in this world."
    "That is so true friend. This is a going-against-nature world, just as you circled the fairy circle against the rotation of the earth ten times to enter, and to the counter-clockwise rotation of the earth. So do those equations still stand true for this world, remember that when the time comes for your salvation, it might save your life one day" said Digger as he shook the last of his days’ work from off of his head. As the last of the dirt left Diggers ears, Louis began to study the adder stone in more detail then quickly asked Digger a few more questions.
    "Digger please enlighten me about this odd stone and what powers it might hold? They may be useful as you just stated at a later time, if need be."
    "Adder stones are rare even for this land and you were lucky to stumble across one on your journey through the Kingdom of Gwynedd. Adder stones have many names: hag stones, witch stones, serpent's eggs, snake eggs or druids glass. They hold magical powers if you can figure out how to use them" stated the little rabbit as he produced dinner for the two of them from his pouch. Upon handing Louis a more few carrots, a handful of green peas and a half of head of lettuce he continued to speak as Louis welcomed the meal, "oh and here a loaf of baked bread I stole from Mrs. Beamer's kitchen shelf. I am sure she would not mind if she knew it was for you this evening."
  The bread was warm from being inside of Digger's pouch. Louis thought it to be the best he ever tasted it reminded him of home.
    "This is not a hot meal but it will have to do. Atamo and the other astral fairies will have more life sustaining food for you. Sorry this is all I could find during my time back in our world. Now as for the adder, stone. If you are, a true wizard or fairy circle tender as I have heard you tell your friends before then you should be able to figure out its powers. The serpent Apohasis created this one here the Destroyer, the slimy snake ruler of the whole of this land. This is what happens to his droppings when they harden. This shows us he has been active in this area recently. That is why I had to dig this burrow with many hidden passages and turns, so his tongue cannot lick the air directly around us, to taste our scent or to reach us. We would not fill his stomach we are too small. 
  Of course he will be much too large to enter into our domain, but just the same we do not want him to know where we are, he could send into our borrow smaller problems than him, but they would be problems just the same if you know what I mean. Now again, as for the powers of this stone, I do know that this stone carries in its strength the power to protect you against; evil charms, they can prevent nightmares if you sleep with them, and if you look through the middle of the stone you will have the ability to see witches in disguises or wearing masks. Oh and of course, they can cure snakebites, or can cure the bite of evil toads if the mugwort root does not. That is all I know about them. I do not know how to raise the energy of the stone though. You will have to figure that out by yourself."
  Just as Digger was extolling his wisdom of the adder stone to Louis, Louis suddenly remembered the two small books that Mr. Beamer's robe hid. Louis dug deep into one pocket and immediately produced both books. 
    "These books Digger why of course..."
    "What books are you talking about Louis?" asked Digger as he began to eat his dinner as well.
    "Well the books that I stole...er...I mean borrowed from Mr. Beamer's attic. Look this one here is a book about child psychology whatever that is, and this one here is about magic spells, forest trolls, swamp monsters, fire-bogs...ET...ET..."
  Digger continued eating as Louis's mind began to illuminate and expand.
    "This is the one I need to read. I have been reading this one for weeks now. You know Digger how did it get into this robe here in the first place. I did not place it here. The last time I was reading this book was when Chug was taking a nap at the edge of the fairy circle one afternoon a few days back then I remember placing it back into my backpack, now how did it get here? You don't think Mr. Beamer placed it here inside of this robe do you?"
  Digger continued with his dinner lost in his own thoughts. He politely nodded his head up and down in agreement, not really knowing what Louis was talking about. I think it was just a rabbit and his carrots, Digger did have his priorities straight sometimes.  
    "Now let me see...what chapter...where do I start...?"

Chapter #1 
Swamp & Bog Monsters
all you need to know about them

Chapter #2 
Forest, Mountain and Cave Trolls 
how to know the difference/ how to outwit them/ how to stay out of their bellies

Chapter #3 
Leprechauns
how to contact one when needed and how to avoid an evil one

Chapter #4 
Witch Smellers
what are they and do you really need one

Chapter #5 
Water Serpents
how to stay on their good side and out of their bellies
Chapter #6
Can Animals Talk 
spells/ incantations/ and magic to make your animals talk

Chapter #7
Abominable Snowmen/ Yetis and Big-foots
how to stay out of their bellies and on their good side

Chapter #8
Hobgoblins
how to turn the semi un-dead back into the dead

Chapter #9
Undertoads and the Underworld
there and back- how to survive the underworld and hungry toads

Chapter #10
Fairies and Fairy Circles
How to travel in and out of them
how to spot good fairies and bad fairies

    "Ah...here we are...chapter nine seems to be the best place to start" said Louis as Digger continued to devour his dinner.
  Louis began to read all about his new world, which was lit by the peculiar light of the adder stone. As the pages unfolded before him there were drawings of some of the plants, birds and life that Louis has seen along his journey so far. The odd trees, plants and bushes, the strange birds, so on and so on; it went as Louis delved deeper and deeper into the book.
  Looking to his left Louis noticed digger had finished his well-deserved dinner. He had a look of contentment upon his whiskered modest face as he curled up into a little ball and began to sleep. Louis as well felt weariness overtake him. He took Diggers lead by placing the book across his lap, then partially placed part of his robe over the adder stone, covering it just enough to still throw a dim light around the burrow but not enough to keep him awake. As the light dimmed and his light dinner found the way to the bottom of his stomach to be digested, forty winks entered his tired mind and bones. Louis curled up in a small ball using Digger's large furry ears as a pillow. 
  Louis as well fell into deep somnolent asleep.
  No out of the ordinary or otherworldly beast visited in the night as the two small travelers had slept soundly underground, away from the dangers of the night. Digger was the first to stir, as he rolled to his left Louis's head hit the soft earth. Louis awoke to complete darkness, the adder stone had been covered during the night by the movements of Louis tossing in his sleep. Upon regaining his mind inside of the darkness, Louis screamed out.
    "What...what...where am I...?"
  Digger who could see quite well in the darkness tried to calm him the best he could. He quickly jumped upon Louis's chest. His two overly large feet hit the small boy in the chest, accidentally knocking the air out of him. Louis responded in kind not knowing what creature was upon him, after reaching about in the darkness at his perceived attacker Louis managed to grab the intruder by one ear, Louis started to send him airborne as the adder stone's light was uncovered once more, spreading unnatural light back inside of the burrow.
    "Louis it is your Digger...what are you doing...no..." shouted out Digger at the top of his teeny lungs "I was just trying to calm you in the dark..."
  Just as Louis was, about to do something unforgiving the light shot across Digger's face and body, Louis instantly recognized his new friend.
    "Oh...I am so sorry Digger. I thought I was being attacked by Trog the Water-Dweller, a snake or worst..."
    "Man...oh, operate Louis. I am sure glad you regained your mind just in time or it could have been curtains. I may live in a burrow like a venomous snake and have some of their thieving tendencies to steal things that do not belong to them, but I assure you I mean you no harm. I was just trying to comfort you in the dark...really..." stated Digger as Louis placed him gingerly upon the ground.
    "I guess I am a little on edge Digger, as you can surely understand, after all that talk about snakes and dragons living amongst us earlier. Now what is the plan for today, if it is daytime now, and did you sleep well?"
    "I slept fine other than the part of you using me for a pillow all night, and it is daytime," said Digger as he tried to stretch out a bit.
    "Well with all that fur of yours and those soft large ears, I just could not help myself. Is that not a bunny rabbits place in life to start with? Every kid likes to sleep with their rabbits."
    "Good point Louis, now as for today. We will find some nourishment this morning then onwards farther into the Kingdom of Gwynedd then eventually we will reach Deganwy Castle, which is only less than a half a day away by my calculations." 
  Upon reaching the small opening of the burrow, the ominous blue moon still hung high above. The abnormal blue fogs were nowhere in sight and this unnatural world appeared to be back to as normal as normal could be for the time being. The unusual, strange colored flowers were in full bloom taking in the blue lights of the blue moon, the weird outsized birds were singing in the malformed trees above and the out of the ordinary tadpoles were still swimming in the stream nearby.      
  Louis was fortunate enough to have noticed another cluster of vine-ripened blueberries hanging nearby above the stream. After a quick, and satisfying small meal both refreshed travelers were off, heading upstream toward their destination for the day. Walking and hopping along both chatted about their families, the circumstances that brought them together and all about the new world which both now lived in. However, especially Louis wanted to know about Túngarar Spadefoot and his offspring, and about the dark world of Northumberland. The little rabbit imparted his knowledge of the Underworld to his traveling companion for the better part of the morning. 
  As the early afternoon approached and many miles had passed underfoot, the small rocky road along the streambed below them widened. The large overhanging trees that clung to the streambed gave way to a wide grassy field of yellow and red daisies. Each one stood about as tall as Digger and as wide as a fatty duck. A well-worn dirt pathway appeared before them now; it divided the large flowered field down the middle thus giving the two friends an easier pathway ahead. The blue moon hung motionless in a partially cloudy sky. The temperature was as pleasant as the company was. 
    "If only everyday could be as lovely as this one Digger" said Louis as he popped another handful of blueberries into his mouth "would you like a little lunch Digger?" asked Louis.
    "Yes I am hungry and blueberries are my favorite, as you know," said Digger as he motioned for them to both sit down on a nearby rock to rest. 
  As Louis looked off to the north, the clouds were dispersing, thus uncovering a nearby hillside at the far side of the field. As the sky cleared, all was revealed to Louis. His eyes widened as all became more important to him.
    "As you can see", said the little rabbit "the Castle of Deganwy is now coming into view. It is not lovelier than you could have imaged Louis?"
  Louis stood up quickly upon the rock where he was last sitting. He craned his neck as he swallowed the last of his blueberries, then spoke.
    "You are so right Digger. It is more beautiful than you described it to me today as we walked along. That is where Atamo lives. Will he meet us at the front gates or in his chambers at the top of the highest tower over there? That must be where he lives?"
  Louis pointed towards the largest and highest of the six brick turrets. The castle's large wooden gates were open and there appeared to be workingmen and elves laboring in the fields in front of the castle. There was hustle and bustle everywhere around the castle as more and more of it was revealed with the clearing of the low-lying clouds and light fogs. 
    "I am so glad that we have at long last made it to our destination. I want to take a bath, and get a hot meal. They can bathe you as well Digger," said Louis as he began to hop up and down on the rock. 
  Joy and hope began to overwhelm him.
    "Rabbits don't take baths Louis but I could sure use another handful of carrots, I can see from here that that they are some being grown right over to the left side, in that field there."
  Digger as well began to happily hop up and down; now that it was evident, the journey was coming to a cheery conclusion. And just as both began to embrace and share in their joy together, it appeared that a large cloud had blotted out the blue moon above them, both turned to look upwards as an ungodly, ear-piercing shriek assaulted their combined senses.
  Louis could not get his ears covered fast enough. Digger having overly large ears, and a keener sense of hearing heard the craven screams more clearly and deeply, he as well tried covering his ears with his hands. Lastly, he folded his large furry ears over his eardrums as a last resort. He then cowered to the ground as Louis just had. 
  As the ear-piercing screeches began to soften Louis now dashed for cover, and as he did he grabbed Digger in his right hand, proceeding to throw him onto a small grass bed found nearby, both then rolled forward under a thick cluster of nearby thorn-less bushes. As the considerable shadow passed over them both, each looked upwards into the blue light of the day once again.
 Orange and red glowing feathers were seen they appeared to be as hot as a stoked fire, and as bright as a summer's day noontime sun. Flames shot out from deep within the dragon's throat outwards over his curled black lips. His horrid cries faded from earshot the further Dragon the Fire Breathing Dragon flew towards Deganwy Castle. Sweeping in low towards the largest turret Dragon exhaled out a large stream of fire just above the top of castle's brick walls. This sent all of the innocent residents running for cover. The flames were meant as a sizable warning to everyone who might still doubt him that he, Túngarar Spadefoot and Apohasis the Destroyer still ruled this blue world. 
  Digger wasted no time. Seeing an opening in the aerial assault, he dove for a soft spot in the ground below a generous dandelion petal to further hide his body from the probing eyes of the dragon. Now digging faster than he ever had before, he quickly began to disappear from view. Just as the last of his tail was about to vanish Digger turned backwards towards Louis, who was crouched below a thick bush dumbfounded as what to do next.
    "I have completed my task, and have done as Mr. Spadefoot has asked. Your journey through the Kingdom of Gwynedd is complete and Deganwy Castle is in plain sight. Atamo will guide you now on into Northumberland. Good luck in your quest Wizard. I hope to have you chasing me again one day in Mr. Beamer's garden but remember you will never be able to catch me, not never..."
  A sly wink towards Louis by the wry rabbit, then he went lost. Louis could not get a word out edgewise as the ground snapped closed behind the little furry blue burglar. Louis grew in his wisdom as he reasoned out his state of affairs. His newborn friend was correct in his statements and had done as requested of him, no more and no less. Louis looked towards the vast skies above once more as Dragon the Fire Breathing Dragon glided higher up into the skies above the ancient Castle of Deganwy.
  Now in his immediate future were his new guide and possible new friend in, Atamo the Astral Fairy then onward into the unknown and mysterious lands, known as Northumberland. 




~Chapter 5~
Atamo the Astral Fairy

  Louis was hesitant to enter the mystical castle by himself. He did not know if he would be welcomed, and he still had no idea how to find Atamo the Astral Fairy. What if Dragon should return to menace him, or does Túngarar Spadefoot have otherworld spies abounding with probing eyes, these thoughts kept Louis close to the babbling stream and the thick cover of the large trees surrounding its rocky borders. The shallow stream wound northwards towards the regal castle on the outskirts of the large fields of flowers and perfectly tiled rows of vegetables, grown from the nimble hands of the elves and dwarfs that live in the castle.
  Upon reaching the deep moat, surrounding the castle Louis found a place to hide and rest under the canopy of a large willow tree. He pulled out another handful of blueberries from the water lily tube that he had been carrying in his wizard robe. A quick late afternoon light lunch and a drink of water, Louis was now ready to reason out his next move when he noticed a lone yellow hummingbird hovering in flight above a large red water lily. 
  Upon tapering, his vision he noticed balanced perfectly on the ragwort of the hummingbirds back was a creature about five inches tall, with bright agreeable green eyes. The undersized body was bright red, and found to be the color of a ladybug. The wings on the creatures back were about three inches long. Located upon its small rounded head were two peewee antennas that flicked back and forth in a rhythmic fashion.
  Louis stared at the small person with a quizzical mind, not knowing what to make of the individual. He was hesitant to speak at first. After another moment of preponderance he spoke out, "Are you a fairy?"
    "A fairy nary not nor be you? Are you, or am I, I am sure I am not. A fairy this to be?" stated the small creature as he twisted the question and his words to confuse Louis "your eyes might have deceived you into believing what is not true in the beginning."
  Louis was dumfounded at his discovery and slow to decipher the strange words he was hearing.
  With a cockeyed head and hesitant speech, Louis spoke out again.
    "I am new to your world and to be honest, and I am in shock at what I am hearing and seeing around me. There are rabbits that talk, fire-breath dragons that terrorize the skies above, and evil snakes that rule the underworld above and below us. And now I find out that there could be fairies in the world and they travel about on the backs of hummingbirds."
    "I could be evil pixie I, goblin in disguise, a gnome on the roam, or an elfish spy for Spadefoot, or be a witch in a mask even me having switched on a twist."
   "You are too small to be an elf or a goblin, and I know that a pixie is just another name for a fairy. I also know that fairies cannot tell a lie. They like to trick you and bite but cannot tell lies, so I will ask you again. Are you Atamo the Astral Fairy?"   
  The small creature pulled on the little feathers at the nape of the neck of his servant. With great agility, the hummingbird circled twice about Louis's head. Upon making a well-executed barrel roll on the second flyby, the tiny rider flew off the birds back landing directly on Louis's exposed neck. With one quick friendly well-placed surgical bite at the rear of Louis's neck, the creature escaped, he remounted the circling hummingbird then was away again out of reach.
  A quick shoeing hand motion towards his neck by Louis was meaningless, too orderly, too clumsy, and way to slow of motion, to stop the friendly attack. 
    "You are quicker than Digger evading me in Mr. Beamer's garden on a summer's eve under the cover of darkness. And since no real blood was drawn by your bite, I know that that was only meant as a friendly hello to me and a confirmation of your identity. Now again I ask, tell me the truth, for I know not all fairies can lie. Are you Atamo the Astral Fairy?"
    "Why certainly I am Atamo and my flying companion that carries me thus is Dulinnor who is the son of Ulinnor. I am here to show you the rest of the Kingdom of Gwynedd and take you into the Deganwy Castle. Then onward to meet Túngarar Spadefoot, for he is the ruler of this land, and he has a quest for you" stated the thin voice as he hovered in flight in front of Louis.
    "Pleased to make your friendship friend, then onward and forward Atamo into the castle of Deganwy, because I must find my lost friends and return to Centerville as soon as possible."
  Atamo motioned for Louis to tag along. Following the shoreline of the stream for a few minutes more then turning towards the broad wooden gates of the magical castle. Louis dutifully followed the hummingbird, all the while admiring the tiny fairy and his splendid brilliance. 
  Looming large in front of Louis was an olden castle built of the sturdiest of stone and brick. The workmanship had no equal. The elves, dwarfs and workingmen who built this castle were indeed very skilled masons and carpenters. Upon entering the hallowed gates, Louis was overwhelmed by the inhabitants who lived there. 
  In his or her own way, each resident of this castle was extremely beautiful and very mysterious to Louis. Some were found to be shorter than Louis and some taller, some fatter or thinner. Many were of a different skin color, but all were lavishly dressed in outsized cotton garb found to be in the standard colors of elfish green or dwarf red. Most bore far-reaching and bright smiles. Each were well-within the days chores as Louis passed by.    
Delightful songs were being sung by most, which helped pass the day's responsibilities. None noticed little Louis and the odd clothes he wore. There must be many short wizards that roam about this castle and land, thought Louis as the sounds of sawing and hammering filled the thick air inside the fortress. 
  Atamo gave many salutations and hellos to the castle residents as he flew pass them, towards the interior of the castle and onwards end route towards the central courtyard. The hustle and bustle of the place took Louis by surprise. He had never been into a building so hollow or so delightful. The castle walls appeared to be over seventy feet high. Louis felt like they were closing in upon him the deeper he traveled into the center of the courtyard, but this only made the journey that much more adventuress to Louis. 
  Looking to his left, he saw wooden horse carts full of hay being pulled along by the smallest, odd colored horses he had ever seen before. They were a strange color of pink. Their friendly eyes were as black as a moonless night, the hooves were cloven, and their tails were long, thick and free flowing down to the ground. And on the tops of their heads, there was a small single horn about twelve inches long. They appeared to be miniature unicorns. Louis never seeing one before, he was not so sure that they were or not.
    "Atamo, are those small ponies or unicorns?" asked an enthralled Louis, "or are my searching eyes playing tricks on me?"
    "Surely not, if you think not, asked you...might be true. Be it what you know, let your mind open to grow. Broomstick...not matchstick name might be, a fine worker is he. Called so because his tail sweeps behind him as walks even as he talks" stated Atamo in his oddly amusing and twisting fairy language. 
  Walking over towards the odd horse, Louis hesitated before he stopped the miniature steed and the workingman elf driver in their path.
    "May I greet this fine horse of yours? Is he friendly?"
    "He does not belong to me. He works freely of his own will. None may own another in the Kingdom of Gwynedd, all work together not for another except for the Toad King which we all work for. He may work if he pleases but please the Toad King he must. You do not have to ask me, ask him yourself" said the small elf as he pulled on his long white, perfectly trimmed beard.
  Louis had forgotten where he was, and that his everyday logic and perception of a normal world do not apply here. He pondered the current circumstances in his mind as the pink pony spoke.
    "My name is Broomstick, what is your name little wizard?" asked the polite unicorn as he flipped his delightful tail back and forth in proof of his name, raising a little dust up in the course of action.       
    "Well you do speak Broomstick...I am amazed..."
    "Sometimes I speak, but only when I have something to say and my tongue or throat is not too dry from all the dust being raised behind my rear end," said the smiling creature.
    "What type of horse are you? I have never seen a horse like you before. In Centerville Indiana where I am from there are all types of working horses small and large but none like you. You are indeed a first, but a delight to behold. Are you a horse or a unicorn?"
    "Thank you for the compliment. And I must admit I have never seen a wizard as small as you have. I do like your flowing robe and pointy hat they fit you to a tee. I like the red sparkly shoes. You must be a very good wizard. Now as for you question. I am indeed a unicorn. My grandfather is Arionos he is the King of the Unicorns here in the Kingdom of Gwynedd."
    "Oh I'm not a real wizard, just a wizard trainee, sort of. I am a Fairy Tender though. That is how I got here...you see there is this bully named Frank Fatbottom, and he...he..."
    "Not please we speak now not...fairy tender rest is best, you must in castle Deganwy then begin again your quest. Quest is best is yours yes, do not tarry, or soon be scary might you meet a Sleagh Maith Hairy. Sent it be by toad king's court to keep you moving. Túngarar...the quest...the...quest" said the ever dutiful Atamo "he calls you does he not?"
  Louis gave Broomstick a loving hug and a pat on the forelock between his ears. Louis was slightly smaller than the unicorn, but it was still easy to get his arms around his new friend's neck and reach the top of his head. Standing next to the unicorn it was clear to Atamo that these two had an instant bond of friendship.
  Atamo who was still sitting upon the back of Dulinnor the Hummingbird whispered into his ear, the swift flying little bird darted towards the unicorn's neck, a friendly bite here and there and Atamo was away again. Broomstick shook his head back and forth then flicked his wonderful tail again in confirmation of their renewed friendship.
    "All good fairies bite," said Broomstick "always try to remember that wizard as you go about your quest. Sorry we do not have more time to talk now. I know you must rest today and talk with Atamo before you leave tomorrow." 
    "How do you know about my quest?" inquired the bewildered fairy tender.
    "All know of your quest, for you are to travel into Northumberland. Then onwards into the black city of Elphame where the Dark Tower is, and it is there where you will meet your destiny and ours" said the unicorn as he began his daily chores once more "we can talk in the morning at the great hall for your farewell breakfast. One day you will meet one of my relatives, he is on his way to Centerville as we speak. He is called Charlie the Horse, Mr. Beamer has told you about a horse that he wants you to meet."
    "What...er...what...you know Mr. Beamer...come back Broomstick...I have so many questions for you" asked Louis as he searched about the busy courtyard inside of the castle. Many elves, workingmen and workingwomen, animals and dwarfs now crowded the area where the unicorn was last seen. 
    "Go we must, seen more no. Back and forth, which is we, way we go. He that rest today is fit to conquer another day," said Atamo as he motioned for Louis to follow him out of the courtyard and into his quarters for the night that had already been readied for him.
  Into the interior hallways of the grand castle, down a brick pathway towards a large central hallway, then off towards the royal quarters of the castle. Down another wide brick passage and up a large stairway went Louis as Atamo flew a few feet ahead leading the way. 
  Louis could still not believe the sights his eyes were seeing, the wonderful smells of cooking food, and the noises of the bustling inhabitants of the castle were echoing inside his ears. There was joyous ambient music in the streets that filled the hallways and tunnels of the castle. Elves were dancing about for the delight of it. There were smells of fresh breads and sweets baking in brick ovens wafting about the palace. Heard were the rhythmic tap...tap...tap of wooden shoes on the brick streets to the sounds of the uplifting tambourines and flutes played by the castle performers that abounded inside of the bastion walls. This was indeed a fantasyland; it was the magical and wonderful Kingdom of Gwynedd inside of the Castle of Deganwy.
  As Louis ascended to the top of the highest tower in the castle, a small dwarf porter standing by a large wooden door motioned for Louis to come forth.
    "Good afternoon sir, I am here to assist you. I will be your porter during your duration here. If you need anything, please feel free to contact me. My name is Glorandal" understood the portly dwarf.
  Louis had never met a real elf before. He looked up and down the little fellow in complete admiration then offered a heartfelt handshake to the porter. 
    "It is a pleasure to meet you Glorandal...man oh man...I have never met a real elf before. My name is Louis Parks."
    "Nor have I ever met a real wizard before. Glad to meet you as well Louis Parks" said Glorandal as he motioned for Louis to move on. 
 As Louis entered the room, a vast space opened up before his eyes. It had to have been four thousand feet wide and across at the furthest corners. There was a long white marble table in the very center of the room covered with odd colored produce, strange and very different nuts, peculiar breads, berries and vases of strange drink. 
  At the farthest corner of the room partially draped in thin netting was a hefty four-post double king-sized bed covered with silk sheets. On top of the luxurious sheets were artfully placed jumbo down filled pillows. This bed was truly fit for a king or a queen. To the left of the sleep area was a very regal bathroom, in the center of that was a considerably sized marble claw-foot tub that had to have been over twenty feet wide at its widest point. The water faucets appeared to be crafted with solid gold.
  Louis as only a boy of his age could do shot straight for the huge bed; three giant hops, four elongated steps, five jumps then going airborne; one summersault, and two loud shouts. Louis delved into the largest of the pillows in the center of the bed. His shouts of joy were immediately quashed as his head buried deep into the soft inviting pillows. 
  The elf porter dryly asked the jubilant little boy "Then your room meets your expectations and needs for the duration of your stay?" 
  Louis's contracting diaphragm sent out a few more shouts of joy up from the deep of Louis's throat, passing directly over his lips and into the hollowness of the room. The earth-shattering sounds exited the castle windows, directly about the castle then down below to all inhabitants' ears. Each stopped in their tracks for a moment. Many dry, sarcastic words and conversations were held between many of the town-folks "Our savior likes his room, of course I am only guessing." Mumblings, murmurs, burbles were heard then laughter, joyous singing and more dancing soon filled all corners of the castle walls as each one celebrated inside of the strange little wizards arrival. 
  Louis quelled his emotions as he headed for a large window at a far wall. Looking out he noted the expanse of the Kingdom of Gwynedd and its natural and simple beauty not unlike the simple splendor of the elves and dwarfs who live in this land. The odd blue planet still hung in the blue colored sky. Looking down Louis spotted the long winding stream that he had followed just moments before, then looking further toward the west Louis saw what must soon be his destination. 
  Crawling out of the window a bit then craning his neck to get a better look, all became clear. The land known as Northumberland was in sight. 
  From what Louis could see of it, it was not pleasant. It was a vast dark wasteland with inhospitable surroundings. The visible boarders of this land were covered with steaming hot swamps, smelly marshes, and soggy bogs. Looking further pass the low-lying flat lands was a thick gnarled black forest at the base of a dark mountain range, which rose to the sky, where ominous, and very threatening thunderclouds loomed over the forgotten dark-lands. 
  The winds quickly changed directions and began to blow in from the west out of Northumberland; this pushed the putrid and acrid smell of this far off land into Louis's nostrils. It was the smell of sulfur, methane and the unknown, which assaulted Louis's nose.
  Louis recoiled off the window seal, plugging his nose as fast as he could. He back peddled away from the pungent smells towards the center of the room.
    "In the days new light all must see, for Túngarar Spadefoot meet must we. The hero comes to change the light, making the new days light definitely more bright" spoke out the ever-optimistic little astral fairy.
    "Must we travel to that land Atamo? This Túngarar Spadefoot, the King of the Undertoads, what creature must he be to flourish in a land such as that. What kind of feeble and wretched soul could survive there?" asked the now flummoxed and once again very worried Louis. 
  Rhythmically balling out, the little creature circled about the room in flight "Black-hearted is the one who hops, he swore to devour and gobble all that do not. Endless power is all he wants your quest is to see it stops. You will turn the tides of fate, and end the cycle of this hate." 
  Stunned was Louis upon hearing these words as they began to sink into his young mind. Louis headed for the oversized bed but this time he slumped upon it with the weight of his missing friends lying upon it with him.
    "I should not have opened that dumb book of Mr. Beamer's. I am not a very good fairy circle tender...heck I'm not one at all, nor a good wizard. I'm just silly Louis; the troublemaker, the daydreamer, the bumbler of all things that come my way, boy what was I thinking? I should have heeded Mr. Beamer warnings when he spoke to me in his barn the other day, do not get involved with this, return the books" he said. Man...oh...man what was I thinking?" stated the distraught little boy as he covered himself up with pillows.
  Glorandal brought in some clean clothes for Louis to change into, and a hot meal. Louis noted the kindness but did not respond, as he should have. He gave a simple nod of the head in support of the gesture. 
    "Remember wizard sir, if you need anything please ring the bell on the nightstand and I will be here at your beckon call to assist you."
As the door began to close upon at the porter's exit, Atamo the Astral Fairy retreated as well. As the slight fairy passed the doors' threshold, he proclaimed in his smallish voice for Louis to get a restful sleep, and to try to not worry too much about the next day's new adventures. 
  Louis's newfound fears overcame him. The weight of this strange world collapsed upon his slender shoulders as he worried about the whereabouts of his friends once again. Where they safe from the creatures of the night this coming evening, were they hungry, thirsty or even alive for that matter? 
  This was his entirely his fault, he had to correct the wrong.
  Crying for the better part of an hour had drained all emotions from him. He regained his composure for a few moments, wiped the tears from his eyes, then sat up in bed and looked about. The large room was still empty. There was no sign of the porter or the fairy. Being alone gave Louis the time to start thinking deeply for the first time in a long time. And the first thing he thought about was how truly hungry he was. Advancing into the middle of the room and towards the table covered with food, Louis found his dinner left by the porter. 
  After a satisfying meal of fresh fish, baked bread and poached red potatoes (from the garden outside of the castle gates) Louis retreated into the lavatory to take a long hot bath. He tried the best he could to enjoy his surroundings and relax but he truly could not, all he could think about was were Chug, Tessie, Molly and Short Stack safe. 
  He changed into his new clean clothes. He wore now the self-same uniform of the elf's who lived inside of the castle walls; an oversized green and red cotton jumpsuit with three large brass button sewn down the middle of the chest, with matching pointed hat. Louis looked in a nearby mirror at himself, and indeed, he did look like a little elf that lived in the castle, where most were short in stature, of gentle manners and with fair skin.  
  Upon feeling a little better with a good meal and hot bath Louis looked into his old wizard robe, there he found the two small books of Mr. Beamers. He sat down on the bed close to the bed nightstand where a large candle flickered in the wind from the open window above. He began to read in earnest. He delved into the book on child psychology for the first time, not know what to think, it all seemed so complex to him. Thumbing thru the pages, he found a chapter, which listed the ten most, fears children have at about his age, and the age of his friends. Fears of snakes and spiders, and the fear of having his parents leave him. There was the fear of storms, being home alone, fears of a teacher who is angry at them, fear of illness or injury or death, and failure or rejection from his friends or family, then most importantly of all he noticed in the list, the fear of bullies. 
  After a few hours of deep reading, Louis began to reason out his relationship with Frank Fatbottom and the way he and his friends had treated him in the past, and the relationship with each of his friends. Each of the words found on the pages seemed to speak to him directly. His mind began to race as his wisdom grew. Every fear listed, he read about in detail. He had had them all at one time or another he reasoned, but did just not realized it at the time. All children have these fears but just do not have the wits to understand them, being so young and all.
  As the candlewick burned to the quick and the midnight hour approached, Louis's eyelids became heavy. He gently placed the books back on the nightstand, blew out the candle, pulled the fluffy comforter over his shoulder and fell into a well-deserved, long and restful sleep this night, knowing that tomorrow would be like none other, because the journey into dangerous and danger-filled land known as Northumberland would officially begin.                                             

*

  The days new morning light broke over western horizon. Soft, life-giving moon light came beaming into the upper window above Louis's bedroom. The dim blue lights illuminated his room in the odd colors of this strange world. Climbing onto the top of the headboard once again Louis looked out of the window towards the blue moon's rising.
  Many confusing thoughts shot through his mind upon his awakening. Louis spoke aloud to himself, "The moon is this world's sun, and it rises from the west and sets in the east. Everything rotates left-wise or opposite from my world. If this is their sun, which is the moon here it should be setting in the west not east. 
  The fairy circle when I tended to it now let me think...to raise a fairy we all did the Widdershins dance, left hand-wise against the rotation of the sun. Positive is negative, negative is positive...there has to be a reason to all of this."
  Louis thumbed through the pile of clothes that the porter had brought in the day before. At the very bottom of the heap was another set of clothes that Louis had not noticed before. There was a matching set of a new wizard outfit with a same style pointy hat, a gray over-sized robe and another pair of bright red shoes turned up at the toes. Louis thought again long and hard about how would he, or should he present himself to this world, and the friends or enemies in it that he was surly to meet? Another moment of bottomless thought a wizard or magician he was and a wizard or a magician he would be, be it a clumsy one, a good one, or a bad one. 
  After dressing himself in his new clothes, once more a knock was heard on the large wooden door at the distant side of the room. The porter called out from behind the thick door, "Wizard Sir it is Glorandal your caretaker. Rise and shine, your breakfast is ready in the main hall." 
  Louis placed Mr. Beamer's books, the quagga-tail switch, the adder stone, and his other personal belongings inside of his deep pockets, then headed for the door.
    "Good morning Glorandal, I hope you slept well last night."
    "I did Louis Parks, wizard sir. I hope you did as well for today is to be a day to remember."
    "Why do you say that?"
    "For this day you begin your fated journey into Northumberland, you are to meet Túngarar Spadefoot and learn of his plans for you. So this will be the first day on the road for you and your quest, and for all others in this land, this will be the beginning of the salvation of the Kingdom of Gwynedd and Deganwy Castle."
  Heading down a long marble hallway towards the main dining room inside of the great room of the castle the conversation continued.
    "Does everyone know who I am in this castle, or in this land as well for that matter?" asked Louis in bewilderment.
    "We have all heard of your coming from Digger the Thief, Digger the Blue Moon Hair and from Atamo the Astral Fairy. Digger knew of you in Centerville, for he is the only one amongst us who has ever seen the bright light of the yellow sun, of the world above us. You see he is the only one who can travel between these two worlds. He is also the eyes and ears of Túngarar Spadefoot. He works for him as well."
    "You are correct I have seen him many times in Mr. Beamer's garden. I have known of him for many years. He is indeed a thief; he steals Mr. Beamer's vegetables regularly. He has a large family that is growing daily. He is a rabbit of questionable morals and values. You mean he has been spying on all of us who live above your world. If he is the eyes and ears of the enemy then how do you trust him?"
    "I am privy to knowledge that most do not have. Atamo is a good friend of mine, he tells me all. You see I can understand his riddles and rhymes and his play on words, Atamo is indeed a wordsmith. I understand the spoken word of the fairies, brownies and elves better than many because I am an educated elf. I graduated from the city of Elphame's university, before it was lost in disrepair. That was so long ago you see before the wasting of the lands of Northumberland started. Now as for Digger the Blue Moon Hare, good news, he is a double agent. He works for Atamo as well. We are going to see Atamo now and over breakfast, he will tell you of your day's journey. I am to translate for him so that there are no questions about your quest and the direction that you must travel today, so we must hurry to the main dining hall to meet with him" said Glorandal the Porter as they turned down another long hallway and on onwards towards the grand hall.
  A turn here, a few steps there and after a few more moments, they arrived at the two large open wooden doors, which was the entrance to the grand hall. As the great room opened up before them, it appeared that all of the residents of the Deganwy Castle had come for breakfast this favorable and very striking morning.
  Louis looked upwards towards the ceiling of the great hall. It must have been over two hundred and fifty feet tall. There were large round marble columns spaced about every fifty feet or so holding up the massive ceiling. The grand room was well over eight thousand feet long. There were two long marble tables at the very center of the space stretching from one end of the room to the other. And sitting at the tables were various and odd looking; portly elves, diminutive dwarfs, stately workingmen and women, irregular looking fairies, regal brownies and a few other strange human-types and animals that Louis did not entirely recognize.
   Glorandal motioned for Louis to follow him towards the center of the room and as Louis entered the hall, heartfelt applause erupted throughout the distance as all noticed the little wizard's entrance. Louis was taken aback by the affection, not really understanding all the attention giving to him by the townsfolk. Glorandal escorted Louis to the head of the table. Louis dutifully sat down.
  Looking to his left he spotted what appeared to be the mayor of the city; Mayor Thithor read the nameplate on the back of his notable high-backed chair. Then to the right side, Louis read the nameplate on another high-backed chair, Governor Bregon. Handshakes and backslaps abounded as all tried to say hi to little Louis and wish him well on his future journey. Louis could not trust his unmoved eyes. It was all so special and overwhelming to him. He slunk down into his chair wrought with worry and overcome with grief, but did not let his emotions show to all, for the fear of letting them down. All he kept thinking in his inner-mind was...what have I done now...I just know it, I am going to let everyone down. Why is it always me? Why is it always me? Louis's youth showed, in his lack of self-confidence and self-worth. 
  Atamo entered the room from the far side flying directly towards the head of the table. Broomstick entered behind him and as well headed directly towards Louis. Both arrived as applause erupted again. Broomstick gave a loving nudge of his long nose into Louis's mid-section, which comforted Louis in his moment of worry and self-doubt. Louis pulled lovingly on one of the unicorns soft pink ears. Atamo circled twice about over the long marble table, flying on the ragwort of the Dulinnor his companion bird and confidant. After giving Louis another affectionate bite on the neck, he took to hovering over Louis in flight. 
    "It appears that everyone is present" loudly proclaimed Mayor Thithor as he stood up and addressed the room in his deep pleasant voice "good morning all. I trust the pancakes and sweet rolls are especially delicious this most special of mornings." 
  Clapping erupted about the room once again as a steaming hot plate of pancakes arrived for Louis's consumption. Glorandal the Porter placed the overflowing plate in front of Louis, gave a broad smile in his direction, bowed down and exited towards the kitchen for a moment to have his own quick breakfast. 
  The mayor continued with his salutations and greetings.
    "Welcome, welcome one and all to today's festivities, and we want to especially welcome our visitor and guest of honor who has dropped down from the heavens above to be with us today. It is the heroic "Fairy Circle Tender"..."Louis the Red"...or better known to most of us from the scared scrolls from our grand library, it is Robert Louis Parks, "The Savior of the Kingdom of Gwynedd and Deganwy Castle."
  After scanning about the room then looking back over his shoulder to spot Atamo and Broomstick Louis's worries only amplified that much more. He tried to find courage in his newfound friends faces but could not. Self-doubt and self-persecution clouded his young mind once again. The Wizard gave a half-hearted smile at Broomstick as mayor Thithor with his full of meaning voice continued to speak. After a few more minutes of greetings, he introduced Governor Bregon to the room. 
  The governor was a tubby elf and found to be shorter in statue than Mayor Thithor was; both were hefty around the waist, and overly friendly. The Governor stood up to speak as Louis finished the last of his pancakes and freshly baked sweet rolls. The delightful meal lightened his spirits. Glorandal was now seen entering the grand room again from the far off kitchen doors. He made his way over to Louis's side just as the governor ended his morning's speech.
    "And in closing with today's introductions and greetings may I introduce to you, the ones that you all know, all too well already, here is Atamo the Astral Fairy and Broomstick the Unicorn." 
  The pink unicorn brayed loudly as Atamo rose in flight above the room. He circled twice about high overhead on the back of Dulinnor then hung in flight once more, but this time right above Glorandal's left ear. He began to speak to the porter who listened intently to every word that was spoken to him. The room became as quiet as a high snow filled mountaintop on a windless day. All looked towards Glorandal as he began to speak the words of their mystical leader Atamo.
    "Today is indeed a day of days. Arriving from higher than and dropping down so gracefully from the skies, he comes from the upper world of sunlight and warmth. "The One", he has finally arrived. It has been too long that we have awaited his arrival, that grand day is now upon us. All of us who live in this Neither World, in the below world of the Kingdom of Gwynedd welcome the Great Wizard, it has been spoke of, and written about since the beginning of our time here in this land we call home."
  Louis listened with great interest as Atamo and Glorandal words engulfed the silent room. Perking up in his chair and in his mind Louis was starting to fully understand his place in this new world and what was expected of him in the near future. Glorandal and Atamo continued onwards with a litany of dancing words. 
    "We who call this world home have been under Túngarar Spadefoot's rule for so long, time has come for a change in power, and the change has come in the size and form of this small redheaded wizard that sits before you now. We are tired of laboring under Spadefoot's powerful and evil rule. How many amongst are still giving twenty percent of your bounty each month to support his toad armies in Northumberland. How many of our children have gone missing, who now work for this tyrant king? The toad army has laid waste to so many parts this once beautiful and rich land. They have plundered all the lands to the north, south and east and soon they will march on Deganwy Castle and the Kingdom of Gwynedd. 
  The only thing that stands in his way is the White Queen Elphen who lives in the city of Elphame inside the Dark Tower of Hagby. Our own wizard is to meet with Túngarar Spadefoot this day, and he is to give our wizard the powers to defeat our ancient queen who many in this land think that she is now our foe. She is the Land Draug...the after-walker."
  Louis looked about the room once again at each innocent elf, dwarf, child, woman and workingmen, all were entranced as the words flowed freely from Glorandal's mouth. Louis drank from a glass of water sitting on the table, trying to quench his parched throat. His hands trembled and his knees began to knock uncontrollably under the table. Louis looked out of a nearby window thinking of that lone woodpecker and Mr. Beamer's barn, of Molly and all of his friends.
    "But little does The Toad King know that Queen Elphen our queen is not to die at the hands of the wizard but she is to be freed by him, and returned to us, to return to her thrown once again. She once released from the Dark Tower, her powers will return and she will become the great queen she once was, she will vanquish the toad armies and Túngarar Spadefoot from our lands once and for all." 
  Applause echoed off the interior walls of the great hall. Little ones began to jump up and down on the tables as all began to dance and sing in harmony thinking of the return of their defeated queen. The ever proud governor rose to his feet and began to speak out again, "Mr. Great Wizard sir will you please address the gathering at your feet? You have come so far to be here and there is so much to be done, can you please speak?"
  The room became as quiet as that lone mountaintop once again as Louis steadied himself against the table. Rising upon shaky legs and with unsteady confidence Louis found the slimmest of margins and the littlest of courage to speak.
    "Good morning all...er...ah...I am not a well-spoken politician...ah...as your delightful governor Bregon nor that of a seasoned speaker as your mayor Thithor but I will do the best I can."
  A light applause filled the room.
   "I feel I need to address the worship and warm greetings that you all have befallen upon me today."
  Louis cleared his throat next, he quelled his knocking knees. He continued with his confidence slowly building.
    "It is true I have fallen into your land from the world above. I was sent here because of my own undoings and wrong deeds. I was sent here as punishment for my bad behavior only to find myself apparently sent here for a reason, and that reason is to save this land from evildoings and clear wrongs. Although I have not met this Mr. Spadefoot, I feel I know his type. He is a bully of the worst kind is he not, and larger than all in this land, meaner and most nasty in temperament? He uses his unusual size to frighten the weaker of mind and spirit, and he uses and feeds off your fears am I correct? I know this type. I just dealt with one like this in the upper world, my world, in the land that I call home Centerville."
  Each turned towards each other in the room and mouthed the words, Centerville. Louis offered a pregnant pause, after that he collected his breath. 
  He continued.
    "Atamo and Broomstick, Glorandal and others here in your castle have given me full support and love though out my short time that I have been a resident here. Although I know little of your land, I feel that I can accept your challenge to de-thrown this awful and powerful king, and his great armies. I feel that if somehow I overthrow this king then I will be returned to my world. It appears to be the only way to my own salvation, is to give you your salvation. It is my punishment for my past deeds. 
  Who sent me here is not known, or who or whom will return me to my world of golden daylight, of bright sunlight. I guess this will just have to play out and we will see the truth soon enough. First, I must find my friends that arrived here with me only a few days ago. Have any of you seen a girl that would look out of place here in your land, she would be wearing strange clothes, not like any of yours and most of all she wears excessively much lipstick. Her name is Hot Tamale Molly and she is with her friend Tessie Whitman. 
  Then there is a tall, skinny kid who goes by the name of Chug Martin he appears to be hairy hobgoblin but he is only dressed like that. He is very gangly and again would appear out of place in your lands. Lastly, my other friend Short Stack is dressed like a leprechaun. He is shorter than most of you. Has anyone seen them or heard of anything?"
  A meek voice called out at the far end of the room, "I have heard of these four that you speak of."
    "Come forward, who said that!" yelled out Louis as a glimmer of hope shot through his mind, could his friends still be alive?
  A very small girl elf made her way through the crowd of well-wisher towards the end of the long table. After a bit of difficulty she stood before Louis. She could not have been more than three foot tall, wearing the standard elf clothing of green and red. She brushed back her long flaxen hair off one of her slim shoulders, bowed down before the wizard then spoke out again, but this time she turned towards the crowds who sat before her and Louis.
    "I have heard that each of your friends have been sentenced to death by Túngarar Spadefoot. They are to be held with this death sentence upon their heads until you bring Queen Elphen's black beating heart or golden crown to him on a platter."
  Louis's throat went dry again.
    "Two of your friends are held by Noctuid the Black Witch, the other by Hydrarchos the Water Serpent and the other by Morrígan the Stone Troll, he also has been called George the Cave Troll as many of you know. Most of you in this room know these three vile creatures and what horrors they have bestowed upon our lands over the years."
    "What is your name little one? And how do you know of these real truths?" asked Louis. 
    "I am Tolthe. I am a wee folk from the Tlannatar clan. My father is a peddler of goods to Spadefoot's armies. He spends many nights with the undertoads upon his arrival in their camps in Northumberland then returns the next day after his payload has been oft loaded. He heard some of the underling toads talking between themselves the other night about your friend's whereabouts. And my father in turn told me, and now I tell you."
    "Do you know the whereabouts of these creatures? I must go to my friends first then I will deal with Mr. Spadefoot and his armies," said the very distraught little Louis.
  Broomstick and Atamo hearing the conversation halted the conversation.
    "Today you are to meet with Túngarar Spadefoot in Northumberland in Bramble Forest, at the center of his lands. You must meet with him first then you can look for your friends on your way to the Dark Tower of Hagby and Queen Elphen," said Broomstick as he flipped his tail back and forth.
    "I know where these creatures live and can tell you how to get to their lairs. I also know of their ways. Your friends will be safe for the time being because Spadefoot needs them alive so you will do his evil tidings," said Tolthe as she turned to face the room again. 
    "She is correct Atamo confirms this to me Louis. You can free your friends if possible after you meet with Spadefoot. Since your breakfast is finished, please gather your belongings. I will go with Atamo and you, and Tolthe she may go as well. We will all go on the road to Spadefoot's burrow this day," stated Broomstick.
    "Then we celebrate the journeys beginning and our soon to be freedom, everyone let us dance and give an impressive send off to our Great Wizard. The Wizard from Centerville" shouted out Tolthe as she pulled a small wooden flute from of her pocket and began to play. 
  Louis not ever being one to miss a party or have a good time joined right in and began to dance and sing right along with everyone else. He pulled his own flute out of a pocket and began to play along. All danced out of the front doors of the grand hall, down the narrow cobblestone streets towards the front wooden gates of the castle. 
  For the first time since Louis had entered this strange land his mind was free of worry and despair, he was just a small boy again dancing and singing as most boys of his age like to do only Louis was doing it with elf's, dwarfs and fairies.
  As Louis crossed over the large wooden gangplank and deep moat, Broomstick, Tolthe, Glorandal and Atamo followed Louis out onto the dirt road leading away from Deganwy castle. Reaching into his robe, he un-wrapped a handful of firecracker power. Sending a handful crashing against a large nearby rock brought the crowd shouting for joy.
    "Spadefoot's demise is at hand!"
  The little wizard's showboating was exactly what the people needed to see, the wizard being wizardly in the face of certain uncertainty. 
    "The lands of the Kingdom of Gwynedd will soon be free!"
  Hearty shouts of joy and many goodbyes accompanied the traveling party as they slowly left the cool shadows of the castle walls and the safety that they provided.
    "Good luck Mr. Wizard from Centerville" shouted out a few of the smaller elves in the crowd.
    "Yeah good luck Mr. Wizard" a voice was heard coming from another elf.
    "Good luck finding your friends" shouted out many.
    "Louis remember we are all depending on you, come back to us safe" was heard another voice.
  As the party crested a last hill at the outskirts of the large clearing and the music and shouts unhurriedly faded from their ears Louis turned back towards Deganwy castle, to wish each of the fair inhabitant's farewell one last time. He now turned back towards his new friends the astral fairy, the pink unicorn, the portly elf and the wee folk, giving each a broad smile and wink. 
  He slowly closed his soft brown eyes hoping all the while that this was all just a fanciful and horrible dream because the awful and foul lands of Northumberland and the vile and foul Túngarar Spadefoot would soon be in his immediate future.

~Chapter 6~
Túngara Spadefoot
The King of the Undertoads

  An acrid and foul wind blew in from the north, out of the heart of the Northumberland caldera. Faint smells of percolating sulfur, iron, methane and chlorine rose up from saltwater bogs, and decomposing swamps that encircled a large, foreboding shadowy forest found at its doorstep. Darkened storm clouds hung menacingly over the distant high mountaintops like a scavenging vulture circles it is soon to be lifeless prey in a hot desert. 
  Looking eastwards Louis could see a vast array of deep and impassable areas of saltwater marshes and watery bogs, then looking towards the west were the towering mountain ranges that Louis saw from the Deganwy castle window the day before. After that looking straightaway, he could see the foreboding entrance to the tangled Bramble forest.
    "That high mountain range is called Northumbria. No one has ever climbed the highest peak, on the left there that is mount Morpeth. They are quite beautiful are they not?" asked Glorandal as he reached down to pick up a long slim branch, now to be used as a walking stick. 
    "Yes they are beautiful and more so, just as the greater lands of the Kingdom of Gwynedd are" believed Louis as he chewed on a piece of grass "if it was not for the troubles that have befallen other parts of this country, I could see myself living here. The inhabitants are most friendly, the food in delicious, and the daily temperatures are as pleasant as the current company. And one day I would like to climb that mountain, maybe even take Molly up there with me to see all the beauty of this place from on high."
    "That would be a fine outing. I would like to go with you someday Louis" chimed in Glorandal "but first we must discuss with you the troubles of this empire. We must tell you all we know about the vile creatures you will have to face shortly, and how to free your friends. And most importantly we have to tell you the ways of Spadefoot and his toad armies."
    "How far away are we now from the entrance to Bramble forest?" inquired Louis.
    "Six more hours by my account, you can now see the forest in the far off distance dead ahead," stated Tolthe in her meek voice.
    "First off Tolthe do you know who holds each of my friend's captive and exactly where they are held?"  
    "No my father did not tell me, because he did not hear. He just knows that each creature works for Spadefoot and has done his biddings on these matters and others as this in the past, as he continually tries to expand his evil powers over this realm. But all who live here know where these foul creatures reside. 
  Hydrarchos the Water Serpent lives inside of a watery cave at the base of mount Morpeth. This is where Bramble forest ends and the Northumbia Mountains begin. Therefore, if you ever want to climb mount Morpeth with Molly you would have to deal with him anyway. He guards the only passageway through the mountains. In the high ancient times this path was a major trading route to the other castles and bastions of this nation" said Tolthe as she pointed towards the high mountain range and the lone gateway over the mountains.
  Looking up towards the Morpeth peak Louis closed his eyes then began his endless daydreaming again. He envisioned himself draped in a heavy fur pelt, wearing oversized snowshoes and floppy fur hat, with a walking stick in hand driving a team of mules up the steepest face of the largest mountain.
    "She is correct Louis, the only road in or out of the mountains goes under a large waterfall, which is feed by the runoff of the nearby snowpack. There is a large lake at one end of the valley. It is at the base of the mountains and is filled with water. There is a large drop off at one end of the lake. This is where the water overflows from an ancient and very thick wooden dam, and in that waterfall is how Hydrarchos travels across the road into his cave, for you see he is a water serpent, a very mean tempered one and a very large hungry one. I believe one of your friends is held captive in this cave. You will have to kill Hydrarchos to enter his lair and free your friend."
    "That sounds like a monumental task. Do you know if he has any weaknesses?" asked Louis as he quelled his daydreaming for the moment.
    "Yes, he does. He does have a great weakness that I know of," stated Broomstick.
    "And what is that?" 
    "He has an unending desire to eat small children that are right about your size."
    "And what size is that Broomstick?" asked Louis as he looked down the road behind him at the unicorn.
    "Bite sized," said Broomstick with an uncontrolled laugh.
    "That's not funny Broomstick," stated a not so bemused Louis.
    "That is funny as all get out" believed Glorandal the Porter as he too began to laugh aloud right along with the others.
  Having to laugh at yourself is sometimes painful but not as painful as being eaten by a venomous water serpent. Louis kept chewing on a piece of grass as Tolthe began to play her flute and dance about in a fanciful manner. Shaking off future thoughts of being eaten Louis pulled out his flute as well. He began to play along with Tolthe as soon as the chorus came back around.
  The friendly traveling party continued onwards. Late-morning turned into early afternoon as the five friends moseyed down the open road towards their destiny. The wizard robe Louis wore was a bit too large for him, which gave him a rather comical look. The outsized robe dragged along the dirt road as he walked along, which incited another quip from Broomstick.
    "Louis your robe is too large for you, have you noticed?"
    "And your point being..."
    "Well you are kicking up more dust than I am with my long tail. Since you are kind of short and the name Broomstick is already taken, maybe we should call you "Whiskbroom"?"
  Again, laughter rang out at Louis's expense.
    "Whiskbroom...you really slay me Broomstick...you really do" alleged Louis as he as began to laugh right along with the others this time "you should be a comedian for a traveling road show you are so funny. Well we are kind of a traveling road show, are we not?"
  All had another hour of easy travel and brisk conversation. The conversation once again turned serious, this time, started by Louis.
    "Atamo, I have heard from the others most of the trip, but you seem to be very silent and brooding. What is wrong?"
    "Nary be the fairy of lighthearted thoughts...winks...blinks...flickers...flashes and twinkles. A wizard we must trust, a fairy tender not...soon lighting and thunder comes from asunder. All Northumberland will wink...blinks...flickers...flashes and twinkles."
    "What does that mean Glorandal, you are the interpreter of Atamo" asked a bewildered Louis.
    "I think he means for you to concentrate on your books of magic now and be prepared to be what you are pretending to be."
    "I am not pretending. I am a wizard and a fairy circle tender and I proved it already. I was able to enter your world by a fairy circle tender skills, and I was talented enough to use once the powers of the quagga-tail switch of Mr. Beamer's."
    "Let me clarify Louis, I believe that Atamo is trying to say that you will need some real magic to pull this one off Louis, that's all. And he is only trying to get a stir out of you so you will believe in yourself when the time does come for that powerful magic. Do you follow me Louis?" asked Glorandal.
    "Yes I get it now, thanks and don't you worry I will be ready when the time comes. I have been reading those magic books every day for a few months. So I've got a few tricks up my sleeve still," said Louis as he took an odd hop on the road.
  Atamo and Glorandal who were behind Louis saw the strange movement but said nothing, they both locked eyes with an alarm sounding in the back of both of their heads.
    "Now tell me Tolthe what do you know of these other two creatures that hold my other friends captive? One is named Morrígan the Stone Troll and the other is Noctuid the Black Witch, is that right?"
    "Yes you have the names correct. Louis, both are as formidable and evil as Hydrarchos the Water Serpent. Both go by many names, and have had many stories told about them, their horrid crimes and wicked endeavors have been widely documented over the years. 
  The Black Witch Noctuid lives in a rickety old house in Bramble forest, some estimate her age to be about two hundred and fifty years old, she is frail looking but don't let that fool you. She is quicker and more nimble than a gazelle running away from the deathly jaws of cheetah on the hunt. And she is as clever as a jewelry thief is in the night. 
  All I really know about her is that she is a supernatural witch, a night-witch. Meaning that she is mostly responsible for the wasting of Northumberland, you see she has cast an evil spell on the entire land, thus making it die slowly over the years. Spadefoot rapes all the lands he can of their resources then she lays waste to anything that is left so it will not grow back, it is an unlawful dark union between them both. 
  None can break her spells and no one knows the true composition of them or how they work. So how can you break a spell if you don't know the magic it holds upon you? I think that is where you are supposed to come in again, you are to fracture these spells with you own powerful form of magic and trickery."
    "Well at least she does not like to eat little kids that are "bite sized"" understood Louis as he tried to make a little joke.
    "I did not say she did not like to eat little kids Louis" stated Tolthe as she made a swallowing sound to the friendly irritation of the petite Louis "beware she likes to boil them first to soften their flesh."
    "Does everybody in this land like to eat little kids?" asked the uncertain Louis.
    "I don't eat little kids but I have been known to gnaw on their shoes if they leave them out of the house on their doorsteps at night. It sharpens my teeth," said Broomstick as he felt for little Louis.
    "Well that's good to know that at least I am not on the menu right now..."
    "Well you could be because I see Bramble forest right dead ahead," said Glorandal as he motioned for them to stop and take a quick rest before the push towards the forest entrance and the imposing dangers that lurk there. 
  A shady rest area was found just a few quick steps up the road by a small pond. Tolthe unpacked a few sandwiches she had stored in her backpack. The hungry travelers quickly ate them. Broomstick headed for a grassy field to have his late lunch of tubers, roots, berries and green grasses as Louis removed his shoes to rub his tired feet, he then waded into the small pond found close by. 
  He raised his wizard robe above his knees as he entered the cool water. A pod of large tadpoles once again scattered wildly at Louis's feet, which yet again troubled him. Immediately jumping backwards out of the water Louis lost his footing, he fell backwards awkwardly over a nearby rock, then let out a loud pained cry. This alarmed Broomstick, he quickly bounded back towards the gathering of his friends.
    "Are you alright Louis? You must stay out of the waters in this land, has no one told you that before?"
    "Yeah I'm alright. I just lost my footing. The rocks are more slippery than they look," said Louis as he brushed himself off.
    "Again has no one told you about the dangers of the waters in this land?"
    "No they have not. Digger the Blue Moon Hare did not tell me about the water or any of you in the past along our recent journey. I was not aware of any real or seeming dangers in the ponds, lakes or steams. "
    "Let me see your feet Louis, I have to know if you have been evaluated and marked and are now of the "family" demanded Broomstick.
  Heading back to where all the others were now standing at attention Louis raised his robe once again showing his feet to the others.
    "He has been marked! A bite is visible on his left foot, see the standard puncture wounds of the Undertoad, it has the three teeth marks. It festers already and is starting to swell. The bite will then disappear from view and will heal. Then the changeling will start, slowly at first and more quickly after that. He has only weeks maybe a month at the most. You have already used a mugwort root. I can tell," said the very upset Glorandal.
    "I did use that root on my foot. Digger told me of it, and found one for me. Now what are you talking about, what's a changeling?"
    "You are now "Ogbanje" pronounced "oh-BWAN-jeh" it means the "the child who comes and goes". A child you will not be soon. You were bitten by a spy of Spadefoot's at some time while you were here, is this correct Louis?"
    "I was bitten by something. I was not sure what it was at the time. I waded into the stream to gather an adder stone. That is what Digger told me the stone is. Then I saw a commotion on the surface water by a large gathering of bushes by the shoreline. I freed a captive animal and was bitten at that time. I thought it to be a fish bite. There were a large group of tadpoles like the ones in the pond over there but I thought no more about it. The bite is small but now looking at it, it has swelled a bit, but I will be fine. Now again what are you talking about, this Spadefoot spy and me being a...how did you say it...an Ogbanje?" inquired a non-amused and now slightly worried Louis.
    "Believe me or not Louis," stated the now ever so serious Broomstick "you do not know the real dangers that lurk here. You most likely did find an adder stone, which is a good thing, indeed a rare find for anyone, there are so few of him or her. I have only heard of one other being found, Spadefoot destroyed it, it cost the owner of that stone his life. That is a long story that I do not have the time to go into now. I cannot show you how to use the magic of these stones because I do not know of their ways. Atamo does but he must travel to the far side of the kingdom upon your entrance into Bramble forest. He has more pressing thoughts than just your arrival. He must meet with the other kings and queens of the castles and bastions of the lands that surround the Kingdom of Gwynedd to discuss all our futures. And especially to thwart the new rise of Spadefoot and his armies, and of course he will tell the others of your gracious fall into this land. More weight is on your shoulders than you know. Although your shoulders are slim I know you will be able to handle this new calamity as well."
    "Continue on I must know what you believe will happen to me because I know you are to leave with Atamo as well, and along with the others in another hour or so, as we finally reach Bramble forest."
    "Louis you are the first to drop into this world from above, this is a miracle within its self. We have been waiting for so long for you to come to us, our savior. No one was aware of your arrival so we could not keep you out of danger. Only Digger the Blue Moon Hare was privy of your coming, he found you first. He is a spy and works for Spadefoot. He could have misled you into the waters or maybe an evil fairy placed a spell upon you and you did not know it. Both would be working for Spadefoot."
    "I thought I saw a mist above the water at the time, above the adder stone. I was not sure. I thought I saw a form and I heard a soothing, strange song being sung at the time."
    "That could have been it. They used the adder stone and the evil workings of a dark fairy, most likely a Sith or a Sleagh Maith fairy, both are wicked with broad powers, they could have guided you into the trap. Maybe they were thinking that you are truly not a real wizard or fairy tender and that you would not be able to release the powers of the adder stone in the future. They took a tradeoff. Apparently they have won so far because the transformation will begin soon" said the worried unicorn.
    "Please tell me, what you do believe is going to happen to me?" asked Louis as he started to believe in his heart that what Broomstick was telling him was all-true.
  Glorandal, Atamo and Tolthe listened intently as the conversation continued between Louis and Broomstick, knowing that they as well could not help Louis in his coming hours of need.
    "You were bitten by a Scaphiopodidas Amphibian, one of Spadefoot's children, this was planned all along. You are now forever linked with Spadefoot. You will slowly begin to change into a toad like your foe. Your mind will begin to falter in thought and your drive to save your friends will diminish. Your willpower to fight this woe will be soon lost. You will become like a footman, a soldier, or just a pawn for Túngarar. You will turn towards the evil side of man and become a beast like the one you are trying to defeat."
    Louis gulped, his legs rattled together at the knees again as the thought of it all raced into his mind.
    "The only true way to defeat this black magic that will soon swallow you up is to find the object that ties the dark spell of the toad king, find the binding evil spirit to the moral world then at that point in time you must destroy it, before it destroys you.
  Trying to step forward to give Broomstick a loving hug, Louis could not. His feet became entangled and he fell forward into some soft grass. Everyone became alarmed for Louis but did not try to help him up to his feet again. 
    "Just me being clumsy again everyone please do not worry about me," stated Louis as he slowly rebounded to his feet "my wizard robe was just dragging on the ground; it must have caught a snag in the ground. 
  Standing upon his feet once again Louis hopped once forward unbeknownst to him. Tolthe being the only wee folk present and being the lesser of being able to hide her feelings, turned away from the others as tears fell freely from her saddened eyes. All tried to stable Louis and give him encouragement when he finally reached them. None of the others gave a major noticeable reaction to Louis's slight demise.
    "Now none of you go worrying about me. I will still find my friends, and defeat this toad king. Then you will all be free from this impending doom of yours" said Louis as he gave a warm, heartfelt hug to all.
    "He who holds that most dearly...clearly...sincerely...merely...hide that in plain sight...evil lurks, in the lapse of good, should of...could of...would of...see the forest between the trees to find the right...it shines...remember it shines..." said Atamo after listening to the conversation of Louis and Broomstick.
    "Glorandal what is the meaning of Atamo's words?" asked Louis in wonderment.
  Thinking long and hard for a few minutes Glorandal could not make sense of the words of Atamo this time.
    "I think he is trying to tell you to look for the understandable and the obvious in your hour of need. I can get that closets to a meaning Louis. Think on your feet when the time comes and go with your own feelings and hunches."
  Tolthe regained her composure, turning to face the others she spoke out. 
    "The entrance to the dark forest is less than an hour ahead. We must continue
 Forwards and get Louis to the gates of Northumberland before nightfall, before the creatures of the hours of darkness advance upon us. We are only to get Louis to his destination and it is for him to enter the next part of his journey by himself. This is how it must be; we all know that as an absolute truth."
    "Tell me more about this black witch Noctuid. Does she have a weakness like Hydrarchos the Water Serpent does. Although I am young and mostly inexperienced in life I have seemed to figure out that all natural and unnatural humans, or beasts, animals, and bullies for that matter have weaknesses. If you study your subject long enough you will always be able to defeat them if you think through the state of affairs long enough," said Louis.
    "Clever are you magician in training, for you must be...skunking, slinking, cunning, use stones that are not sinking...witches mask many things in ways to be skillful and smart...beware...be wary and do not tarry...reflective are the dark waters of doubt..."
    "Listen Louis, Atamo speaks to you. Take to heart what he says for your journey to Bramble forest to meet Spadefoot is closing now" said Glorandal.
    "But what does Atamo mean when he says, "Reflective are the dark waters of doubt"? I understood most of his other words. Can you help me again?" asked the worried Louis.
    "I can be familiar with most of the twists of tongues and languages he knows but I do not understand again his last words to you. Some things you will have to just figure out on your own. Maybe that is what Atamo wants for you. I am not sure. Being so young, your youth is a barrier but as you go through life your combined experiences will make you stronger."
    "Do any of you know of the weaknesses of this black witch? I have never had to deal with a witch before and to tell you the truth I am not sure how to precede with the matter at hand."
    "We as your guides like a teacher, parent or other similar educator would, we can only take you to destinies door, and it is there solely for you to open no one else can. This is true for this journey and for the many other opportune doors that will come before you in your long life. We can only say to you, all of us here, have confidence in all your judgments may they be wrong or right. You can do no more and no less but to at least try, or you have been defeated before you even begin. Stumbles and bumbles confront us all on in our life's course, embrace your defeats and you will be all the wiser in the end," said the ever-wiser little unicorn.
  Louis reflected and digested this new wisdom imparted to him by the magical animal for a few moments as Atamo who had been mostly quiet on the journey spoke out once again directly to Louis. 
    "Once was sweet, tasty and kind winds from north...life-giving...soul-saving. All has changed, winds crossing the lands now are acrid, fouled and tell telling. New winds of song...songs of hope...hope springs strong...this may be our last song. Umberland rises...Spadefoot rises...will wizard finds choices be right...future for all bright?"
  All present looked towards Atamo the Astral Fairy, the King of all Fairies, as he spoke the truest words he had ever spoken before. His sorrowful and distressed face showed the worries of all who resided in the Kingdom of Gwynedd. The circle of friends encircled Atamo as he hovered in place in front of Louis. All joined hands and lowered their heads as tears welled up in Louis's eyes. 
  Simply spoken was Louis to the friends he must soon leave behind, "I will not let any of you down."     

*

  After traveling leisurely for the better part of six hours inside the Kingdom of Gwynedd and away from the wellbeing of the Deganwy castle all safely reached the outskirts of their empire. Broomstick the Unicorn, Dulinnor the Hummingbird with Atamo the Astral Fairy, Glorandal the Porter and the wee folk of the Tlannatar clan, little Tolthe reached a comfortable resting spot by the side of the dirt road, under the canopy of a large twisted tree, right in front of the entrance of Bramble forest in Northumberland.
  Gathering himself the best he could Louis turned to his friends to bid them all goodbye, for the journey for each had ended. 
    "I know you all have families and friends that you must now return to. Your friendship and direction on this short but memorial journey will never be forgotten. This is my quest now this is now my responsibility. I got myself into this clutter, and I will get myself out again if your words to me along our journey ring true," said the pocket-sized little wizard. 
    "Stick to the road, it is still the safest place to be for the time being, and travel mostly during the daylight hours of the blue moon, because most of the unworldly creature that live in this god forgotten forest tend to lurk about in the night" said Glorandal as he gave Louis a heartfelt hug.
    "I will be back for another bath in a few days if all goes well. You can see by looking at this place, I will surely need one. Hopefully you will be my porter again" alleged Louis as he in turn gave a warm hug to his new friend.
    "If the others don't mind I will speak for us all; Glorandal, Tolthe, Dulinnor and Atamo wish you all the best my brave friend. Don't let anyone bully you, stand your ground and be brave in the face of danger. That is the only way you will succeed in your future endeavors," stated the intellectual little unicorn Broomstick as he gave Louis a loving nudge with his long nose.
    "I am beginning to understand this more clearly the older I get. There will always be someone bigger and tougher, meaner or nasty who wants to thwart you along your pathway through life. I cannot let them divert me to a wayward direction along my journeys, and the outcome I need to happen to be happy. 
  Even though I am small in stature, I as well have participated in some of this activity even if I knew it directly or not at the time. I will correct my behavior on this, and do the best I can to correct this in others and myself when I see this happening again. Now it is my duty to navigate into this twisted forest, which stands before me, and meet my own destiny, be it good or bad. Again thank you all for your help, and I will see you all in a few days or weeks if the stars will align for me in this strange world," stated a forlorn and worried Louis as he turned to face his future.
  Turning backwards towards his friends Louis waved a glum goodbye as they all turned away from Louis, now heading directly back down the road to their own homes in Deganwy castle.
  High overhead a large archway stretched across the road, made of an olden and very ancient wood, in broad raised letters it read: 

BRAMBLE FOREST 
ENTER AT YOUR OWN RISK

HOME OF:
FFJ
WITCHES, HOBGOBLINS, TROLLS AND OTHER UNPLEASANT CREATURES

    "This does not look good at all," whispered an ever more alarmed Louis as he passed underneath the large archway looming overhead.
  The well-worn winding earthen road led indirectly towards the snowy mountains found off in the far distance. Wrapping his wizard robe a little tighter around his mid-section, and over his exposed face, Louis hunkered down for what may come. His heartbeat quickened with each footstep he took. The more he thought through his predicament, and the weight of his position in life, this seemed to slow his decent into the dark, twisted forest. Each footfall took Louis further away from his friends and more into the uncertainty of this very troubling forest.
  No songbirds were singing in the trees about him; only a few large odd-looking mayflies flew past him, going about in no particular direction. They were black in color and appeared sickly. No friendly small rodents scrambled about the forest floor underfoot. The woodland air was thick and distasteful as it passed in and out of Louis's nostrils. There was no movement of any kind really, except for the sounds of shallow breath and heavy heartbeats coming from the troubled fairy tender.
    "Why is it always me...why is it always me...?" asked Louis to himself repeatedly as his voice trailed off with each step forward. 
  After traveling for the better part of three hours into the ungodly forest Louis became weary, he needed to rest and eat something. A small shallow stream followed the road that Louis had been traveling. It looked neither inviting nor clean; nothing honest or good lived in its waters. Louis could not drink the water or he would become sick, he knew this. A few large tadpoles swam back and forth.  
  Upon reaching into a medium-sized satchel given to him by Glorandal earlier in the day, Louis took a few gulps of clean water, relishing in its taste. He found a relatively flat area by the steam to sit upon then ate a quick lunch of fruit and elf-bread giving to him by Broomstick.
  Since no harm had come to him so far, and no unclean animals or foul beasts had approached him yet, he felt safe enough to get some rest. He began to read his books in the dim blue moonlight found inside the dark, dank forest. 
  After about an hour his eyes became weary, and his eyelids heavy, a well-deserved sleep soon overtook him. His eyelids slowly closed as lucid dreams overtook his mind. Dreams of his family, his friends his school, all of these thoughts engulfed him, as he lie alone in the last place he thought he would ever find himself. 
  Sleeping for the better part of three hours Louis awoke to almost complete and total darkness. He had slept well into the night. He was now fully exposed and helpless in Bramble forest. He had to find shelter before the evil creatures of the night fully awake then begin their nightly prowling. Thinking of Digger the March Hare, he began to hollow out a burrow in some soft dirt at the side of a large rock found embedded in a nearby hillside. Making it large enough to crawl into and further enough into the hillside to thwart a long probing arm and fingers, Louis huddled up in the far backside to sleep for the night. 
  A chill hung in the air as thick blue fogs settled upon the forest and all that reside there. Wild animal cries and screeches which Louis had never heard before entered his ears, they echoed throughout the forest. 
  Death and murder was in the air. 
  Louis did cower inside of his home for the night. He dared not to light a fire it might bring unwarranted attention from the forest inhabitants. The adder-stone's light, he dare not use that magic yet again.
  Louis slowly closed his eyes again, trying the best he could to sleep for the night, knowing that tomorrow the liar of Túngarar Spadefoot was in reach. Spadefoot's mind reached out to Louis as he slept, pulling at his sub-conscience thoughts. His dreams this night were troublesome and lawless. He knew what he had to do in the near future, and this troubled him so.
  A restless night's sleep and restless dreams followed him into the early morning hours. Crawling out of his den at the new dawns light Louis stretched his arms and legs. A few bites of bread and another drink of water and Louis were ready to begin anew. There would be no warm bath, or hot breakfast on this morning. This would be the first of many on this journey. His robe was wrinkled and dirty. He gathered his belongings, and he was away again, off down the road towards the heart of Bramble Forest and Túngarar Spadefoot's home. 
  The odd blue moon could barely be seen through the large canopy of heavy branches hanging overhead. A cool gentle wind now began to blow in off the Northumbria mountaintops, this lightened Louis's mood and cleaned away the heavy air as Louis continued on forwards towards the very center of the forest. 
  The small forest steam Louis was mirroring by the side of the road now widened before him. Many small tributaries added to the flow and speed of the now deeper and more turbulent waters. Still nary Louis the entire time he walked onward saw a bird or ground creature. No forest sounds were heard. It was as if the thick forest had died many years ago, and the trees were just deathly sentinels, standing hollow and lifeless around him. 
  Louis tried to play his flute to lighten his mood, but it did not help, he just had too much on his mind; Molly, Chug, Short Stack and Tessie Whitman were still missing. 
  Coming around a large bend in the road, the stream ended, falling away into a calm lake and a large clearing covered in short grass. The sky opened up to Louis and the warmth of the blue moon radiated down on him. He entered the vast clearing only to see a large sinkhole in the very middle. Many large odd-looking footsteps were scattered about the mud. They had the same depth and size as the footsteps Louis had seen around his fairy circle a few days earlier. 
  This alarmed Louis once again.
  Looking downwards into the broad and deep mud-hole, a wide wormhole was seen in the very center. Hot steamy water percolated out of the center, it rose upwards like a boiling pot of water sitting over a stewing fire. The blue moons, blue light did not penetrate the center. 
  Standing back now at a safer distance, Louis was perplexed at what he was seeing. "This appears to be the center of the forest", he spoke aloud to himself "this can't be..." The thought crossed his mind, he had found Túngarar Spadefoot lair. What a dirty caldron of slimy ooze and filth. What foul and monstrous creature could call this place home", believed Louis as he recoiled in fear at the thought.
    "I see you have found Spadefoot's home. I will let him know you have arrived" said Digger as he popped out of a nearby rabbit hole.
    "Digger it's you!" shouted out a relieved Louis "a friend in need is a friend in deed. I have been so alone for so long in this dark forest. I was worried, if I was lost, on the right path or worse, was I going to be someone's meal shortly.
    "I am only here to announce your arrival, because only I can travel into the underworld since I am a creature of the underworld myself. Please ask no more of me now. He will arrive shortly." With this said Digger dove into the center of the wormhole, quickly disappearing from view. 
    "Digger wait...Digger...Digger!"
 Backpedaling away from the edge Louis's mind began to race. Should he run away as quickly as possible? What have I gotten myself into? 
  Belching bubbles of hot steam shot out, out of the very center of the wormhole. Digger's message must have been delivered. Mud exploded outwards in all directions like a geyser, sending plumes of hot air and slimy mud high into the air over Louis's head. Ducking and darting about the clearing, Louis evaded the flying projectiles. 
  Louis grew deathly silent as one thick, slippery, oily finger appeared over the top edge of the mud-hole. Then another, followed by yet another finger, now came into sight, they were dappled brown and green in color, webbed, massive and partially covered in black greasy mud. His hand was over two foot across and embedded in the skin were moles, boils, warts and vile growths. The primordial beast began to emerge from its polluted cesspool. The front two arms were stout, well rounded and sturdy, massive in girth. His eyes were a dull yellow and they protruded broadly from both sides of his bulbous head. 
  He was bug-eyed. 
  His gaze was menacing and piercing in intensity. The eyes had not spotted the little fairy circle tender yet. Louis was in hiding behind some grass, too afraid to confront his majesty, Túngarar Spadefoot the King of the Undertoads and the ruler of all of Northumberland just yet. 
  A toxic and putrid smell emanated from his skin, the awful smell assaulted Louis senses. Holding his nose Louis tried to fight back the odor of him, but it was too overpowering and uncontrollable, making Louis cough up spittle from his throat. 
  At his widest point at the mid-section Spadefoot had to have been over twenty foot across. The rolls of slick fat hung off his body in an unorganized manner. Hanging at will, the skin was as disorganized as his clouded and diluted mind. Moles, warts, lumps, and growths covered his body from head to toe. He had to have been over ten feet tall, and weighing in at close to three thousand five hundred pounds.
  Peering through the tall grass, the hideousness of him came into full view. Louis could not contain his emotions any longer, he blurted out a loud cry of pain, sending Túngarar Spadefoot in search of the little wanna-be-wizard. Quickly, two nimble giant hops forwards and one sideways found The Toad King directly in Louis's gaze. Lifting his eyes again, brought pain deep into Louis's mind. 
  The dreadfulness of it all...the horror...thought Louis as he tried to count the many rolls of fat hanging from Spadefoot's chin, he lost count at six. The King shook his rotund body back and forth, grabbing at his sides he chuckled to his own amusement, and then sent a first salvo at Louis.
    "Not all can gaze upon my loveliness and beauty; I am so overwhelming within this beauty that all have to look away. I have seen your look before; it is one of disbelief and awe. Most, usually admit to my beauty right before I eat them, but by then it is too late. Are you enjoying my beauty now as I speak?"
  Trying to regain his senses and clear his mind to speak, Louis could not. His mind could not fathom what he was seeing or hearing. The Toad King was as clever and witty as he was unsightly. If Louis admitted his beauty then he would be eaten, if he did not he would be eaten. Clearing his throat and hiding his eyes once again, Louis mustered the blind courage to state his beliefs and intentions.
     "Your beauty is inherent and natural. If it is beautiful to you then why do you care what I think? Beauty is skin deep, and you have lovely skin," said the unselfish and untruthful little Louis as his pulse quickened under the strain of the beast with his vile appearance and gross odor assaulting his living soul. 
    "You double-speak and twist my words back upon me. You are a born politician. Maybe I do not need you to do my biddings after all Fairy Circle Tender. The question I asked you...as you have figured out...it did not have a correct answer, and you knew that, that is why you are still alive. It was a rhetorical and a symbolic question."
    "Beauty to me lies in the heart of the ones who speaks the real truth, not in the beauty of their outer-skin. Therefore, you are indeed beauteous to behold because; I still speak, breath, see, and hear so your benevolence is tenfold more so than before. I thank you for that almighty Toad King. I am Louis the Fairy Circle Tender and Great Wizard, and I have answered your questions correctly. I now have answered your calling for me to arrive at your lair and provide you with my services. Digger the Rabbit, Atamo the Astral Fairy and Glorandal the Porter, amongst others have brought me to you this day."
    "They have served me well, just as you will now, that is if you want to re-gain your freedom from Northumberland and go back into your own world, into the world of above. Only I can show you the way to your salvation, but this will come at a cost. Are you willing to pay the toll to the Gate Keeper?" asked the Toad King in a sly voice meant to send chills down Louis's spine.
  As Louis began to muster the nerve to answer his calling is when he spotted another large black mayfly circling overhead, Spadefoot noticed this as well. Spadefoot opened his mouth, unleashing his long, black forked tongue. It uncoiled out of his deep throat then shot across his thick, slimy black lips with the speed of a raptor in a death spiral. The tongue speared...without mercy...the very heart of the mayfly, killing it instantly. Six feet of flying death recoiled with his pray held tightly in place. The mayfly disappeared over Spadefoot's welcoming lips then effortlessly slid down into his throat, followed by a loud, proud, repulsive burp.
    "That could have easily have been you Louis the Coward. I see you shaking. Your knees are knocking and I smell the fear in your sweat."
  Trying to swallow, Louis could not. 
  Trying to stop his knees from knocking, Louis could not.
  Trying to find his bravery, Louis could not. 
  Fear gripped him while he felt the death of the mayfly and the death of his courage all at once.
    "You can smell the fear upon me but that fear you are smelling is only the fear of me not being able to serve your every need, and of my fear inside of that failure. You have summoned me here for what reason?" asked Louis as salty sweat poured down both sides of his face.
  “I don’t fear upon, I smell the horrible odor of your feet. Been on the road a days?”
  Louis seemed befuddled, as he looked at his well-worn shoes and tattered socks, as Spadefoot, chuckle as his latest quip, again with the verbal assault.  
  Mr. Spadefoot licked his slippery lips one more time then opened his mouth widely, he spit up the skinned carcass of the mayfly. Louis quickly stepped to the side; the upchucked innards narrowly missed him. The bones broke into pieces as they hit the ground at his feet.
  Louis shook his head in disgust.
  Spadefoot shook his body in delight.
    "Now where were we? Ah, yes, why I have summoned you to Northumberland and into Bramble Forest. First off, I have all of your friends in bondage. They are safe for the time being. They are being watched by some...of...of...my more unsavory friends shall we say. You cannot free them because you do not have the courage to, the willpower, nor the knowledge. And I will not allow it. Do only as I say. DO NOT TRY TO FREE THEM OR ELSE! So they will be in this bondage until you do all that I ask of you. And if you do this then I will free them and you, and you will be able to return to your home in Centerville."
  Louis's face lightened and a thin smile returned to his face as he heard the first good words of his journey into Bramble Forest, "Centerville! My friends are safe. Where are they? What have you done with them?" 
    "Calm down little wizard. They are safe that is all I can tell you."
    "Well for me to free them and for us to return home safely what do you want me to do for you that you cannot do for yourself?"
    "I can do anything!" shouted out Spadefoot in defiance "I am the ruler of this land, so do not provoke me or I will call off the task at hand, you will be dead, and I will take care of my troubles by myself, do not test me".
  Spadefoot regurgitated another part of his past meal at Louis's feet.
  Stumbling backwards, Louis by the slimmest of luck dodged the disemboweled entrails that shot towards him. As Louis regained his footing, he spoke out again.
    "What do you need from me? I will do as you ask if you free me and my friends when all is said and done, agreed?"
    "Agreed upon then, you are to travel into the dark city of Elphame. It is a dead city now except for one resident who lives there, that is a thorn in my side. Noctuid The Black Witch has cast a delightful spell over this wasteland, so all that ever lived there either are dead now or have moved away. There is nothing left there for any of the past city-dwellers. Some have moved to the Kingdom of Gwynedd and into Deganwy castle, others that were brave enough slipped past Hydrarchos the Water Serpent while he was sleeping and now live over the Northumbria mountains inside the bastions of the west and into Cumbria. My powers and influence does not reach there yet, but soon they will, and soon this empire will fall just as the Kingdom of Gwynedd will soon fall into the hands of my toad armies, if I desire it."
    "How and why am I going to remove this thorn in your side? To slay is a deathly sin, I would never be the same again, to put to death someone would be doing the same to myself." said Louis as he shuddered in disgust at the thought of it.
    "You will kill or you will be dead where you stand, as well as your friends will be if you do not do as I ask, do I make myself clear? Plus you are now an Ogbanje...a changeling...you will soon learn the behavior of Spadefoot in more ways than you would like. I am sure of that...you will soon turn...so will your willpower, it will slip so it will actually be me driving your hand in this manner; you will not have a choice. You will take life for me!"
  Feeling a sharp pain in his foot Louis reached down to kick off his left shoe. Raising his robe up Louis reached at his sock, quickly ripping it off his foot. The bite mark was gone healed but still glowing red, and now in its place was a medium-sized very odd looking wart, with a small cluster of others warts in a long row connecting to where the bite mark use to be.
    "You see Ogbanje, I do not lie" said Túngarar as a sneer crossed his face.
    "You lie! I have a few warts nothing more. A mild infection, this land is infected and this is just a byproduct of this impure world. It will go away..."said the alarmed Louis "all your words are as twisted as this place is foul."
    "Did your mother never tell you to not touch frogs or tadpoles, that you could grow warts? We will see won't we...? Now as for my offer of your death on the spot...?"
  Hesitating for a moment to think, Louis began to see the warped logic in Spadefoot's words. He could not overthrow Spadefoot where he stood, he was just too large, and not have the courage to. He still did not know where his friends were, and the bite being gone...his logic went missing on this. He would have to agree to the terms.
    "How am I to kill this person and where does he live?" asked Louis.
    "I did not say it was a person you are to kill."
    "What is it then...if not a person...?"
    "You are to kill a land draug...she is The White Queen; an Ice Queen. Her name is Elphen...she is the Ignoble...she is an after-walker. She lives in Hagby the Black Tower in the heart of the city of Elphame."
    "What is a land draug?" asked the small fairy circle tender.
    "In the high-ancient times the Queen of Elphame, Queen Elphen rode glorious white horses around the kingdom of Northumberland, she and her other companions, the other royals had human shapes, "yet they were known to be as shadows", and that they would play and dance whenever and where ever they pleased. They were always found to be clothed in all white linen. They held many dark powers but were mostly good. They ruled the land for eons. As the years passed, I defeated all of their kind during many long battles. However, I could not totally defeat their ruler, The Queen of Elphame because she is a Brawlie, she is different and her powers were much stronger. 
    She is a Shape-Shifter.
    She is the Queen of the Dead" brashly stated the toad king. 
    "How am I to destroy this shape-shifter, this dark queen and why?" asked an impressed Louis.
    "Yours is not to question why. All I can tell you is she questions my rule, and that is not allowed. I am to be the complete ruler of this land; although her powers have been diminished, she still is a threat to me and must be destroyed. Only then, will the evil spells that she cast over this land be shattered and life will return to the lands, the blue moon will set and life-giving sunlight will once again warm Northumberland, all will return to the way it was. Trust me on this, and I will be the out-and-out ruler of these lands once again. 
  But I only choose to rule Northumberland. I will leave the Kingdom of Gwynedd, their people and the Deganwy Castle to rule themselves. Only if the White Queen can be resurrected, her soul purified, and she bows down before me again, then she can be allowed to sit upon her regal throne once again inside of the castle. My toad army and me will stay only in Northumberland and not leave the boarders. Also I will release all of the lost children that she rules, or are held hostage in the Morpeth caves or in Northumberland, and that is all I will barter with, nothing more."
  Knowing this to be mostly false after talking with Atamo the Astral Fairy and his other friends, Louis knew the blue moon darkness and evil would engulf the land even more, should the White Queen die. Louis was caught in the middle of a long battle that would soon be ending. He was the cog in the mechanisms of this world, how could this be?
    "You will bring me the White Queen's crown, and if you like her black heart that way I know she is truly dead and her powers are no more. Go at once to Hagby the Black Tower. Follow the same road that took you into my lair," said his majesty the Toad King as he pointed towards the road heading northwards.  
    "But how am I to defeat one as very powerful as her? Have you no words of wisdom for me, or does she have any weaknesses that I can expose during battle?"
    "Her weakness is your strength, because I hold the key to your courage, and because I hold your friends as ransom with the fear of death hanging upon their heads. That will give you the courage and willpower you will need to destroy the land draug. Your love for your friends to survive this is to be used by you, as your badge of valor and gallantry. Also, I will allow you to see your mom again, Hattie May and Mr. Beamer and Mrs. Beamer. I will send you home back to your beloved to home."
  Túngarar Spadefoot grinned from ear to ear as he rubbed his slimy hands together. The cleverness of it all; the world he lived in was a large oyster shell opening for him and he was the slimy oyster crawling out of it with stolen pearls in each hand.
    "Now run!!!" shouted out the demented Toad King at the top of his voice. The leaves on the nearby willow trees shook along with the ground where Louis stood by. Louis was knocked off his feet, landing face first into the mud. His eardrums pained him. His teeth rattled violently along with his nerves.
    "The land draug's tiara or black heart, bring it to me!"
  Louis shot to his feet as his fearlessness failed him. Thick wet mud covered Louis's face and wizard robe. He stumbled about crazily, in a state of panic, trying to regain his footing. As Spadefoot shouted out again and again, the rolls of fat on his neck shook wildly about. Louis began to run away as rapidly as a lightning bolt shoots across a stormy sky. As he looked backward at Spadefoot, a gold pendant came into full view out from under a layer of thick fat on Spadefoot's neck. Three large letters were seen hanging off a wide golden chain...FFJ. As quickly as Louis saw the pendant, was as quickly as it disappeared again. Without the time to think through the meaning, Louis went missing down the road just as fast as his skinny legs could carry him.
  With his lungs gasping for air, and hot sweat mixing with the mud on his face, his eyes began to burn as much as his lungs were wheezing for air. One mile down the road, then two, Louis could not tell how far he had run. Never looking backwards again, Louis ran for his life and for the life of his friends with Spadefoot's words still ringing violently in his ears.    
  











~Chapter 7~
Noctuid the Black Witch

For the better part of an hour Louis, faltered and bumbled down the earthen road as far away from the evil Spadefoot as he could get, until his narrow legs could carry him frontward no more. He suddenly stopped in his tracts, looked to the rear once again, then crumbled down upon the ground; downtrodden, he was adrift, and full of shame. Burning tears poured down his face as he began to sob uncontrollably. 
  His head lowered. 
  His shoulders folded down inwards upon his thin chest. 
  His heart was throbbing in his ears. 
  A cold sweat covered his boyish body.
  Stumbling off the road and landing under a large twisted and gnarled tree Louis crawled up into a ball and covered his face with his dirty robe, he sheltered his eyes from the blue moon's light. Louis fell into a confused daydream once again. Hallucinations of his mother with her loving touch upon his face, of smelling her perfume and remembering the softness of her long, lovely hair. Remembrances of his father kissing him goodnight on the cheek and pulling the soft cotton comforter over his chest as he lay down to sleep in his bedroom, on a lone night so long ago. Dreaming of Molly with her broad smile, pearly white teeth and bright red lips brought a smile on Louis's face. She can wear all the lipstick she wants, thought Louis. I don't mind. Mom, dad where are you, how could you leave me alone? Why is nobody trying to find me or help me? Louis balled out again inside of his aloneness.
  He was abandoned.
  He was frightened.
  He was cold.
  He was all alone.
  As his mind played tricks on him, the recent adventures inside of this odd blue world collapsed down upon little Louis, he slowly fell into a bottomless dozy slumber. His pulse rate lower, his breath became shallow and his emotions finally quelled. Tears dried as he unknowingly crawled further up inside of the tree roots that now surrounded him. He pulled a few handfuls of dried leaves and mosses over his body, which gave him warmth and comfort. 
  In his mind's-eye he was back home again, warm and safe in his bed smelling Hattie May's baking cookies wafting up into his bedroom. Muncy was snoring as he tightly snuggled up next to him. The universe was in perfect order once again, no harm would come to him on this day. If it were all, only true?
  Being buried in leaves and out of sight, he was safe for the time being. Louis had traveled deep into the bedeviled forest, where the remnants of any good man could be found, he was in an uncharted area of the wild untamed forest. This area of the woodland and the road that he traveled on now was very ancient, and had been unused since the high-ancient times.
  The forest was thicker, darker and harder to traverse through now. The road below his feet was less groomed and became more limited as he travelled forward. The large canopy of trees above blotted out most of the, out of the ordinary unnatural light of the blue moon. Some expected normal light could now be found amongst and intertwined inside of a few watery bogs and swamps that now started to blotch the forest. 
  It was a perverted union. 
  Dim small flickering flames of burning commonplace methane gases dotted the small swamps and bogs that lined the interior of the forest. The smells of burning sulfur and rotten eggs assaulted any living things senses.      
  Strange forest sounds were heard about and above where Louis navigated. There were animals...and beast...traveling in the sunshade of branches high up in the trees, out of sight. Beneath the groundcover, small rodents were scurrying back and forth. A muffled fight here, a few screams of pain there, the last few gasps of air being taken out of one's lungs over in another area. 
  The sounds of the forest now were foreboding and dangerous; the pained and awful sounds awoke Louis from his un-restful sleep. After wiping dried tears and mud off his face with his dirty hands, Louis stirred the dried mosses and leaves off his robe. Uncovering his head and peeking out into the darkness he surveyed the nighttime about him. Nightfall had come calling once again in this godforsaken place.
  After narrowing his eyesight and his concentration he spotted a bright flame burning off in the distance swamp, on the right side of the road about a hundred yards away. The flaming bogs and swamps were dangerous to venture into and to leave the safety of the solid road even worse, Louis knew this but he needed to find warmth and the security that a large burning flame might have. He would move cautiously forward being careful where he stepped. 
  Hopping slowly from exposed rock to exposed rock, from fallen tree to fallen tree Louis made deliberate and measured progress deep into the watery bog. Craning his head while standing on a large log, a clearer view of the dancing flame came into view. Louis could see a rickety old wooden house insecurely perched on four wooden stilts high above the water-filled swamp, and by looking into one lone large window at the front porch, a simmering fireplace with a large black-iron cauldron of bubbling water could now clearly be seen. 
  Wanting more than anything to be safe and dry this night Louis headed directly for the house as quickly as he could move across the unstable ground. Maybe a hot bath was in his future sooner than he thought, and what if...who ever lived there...might have a hot meal for him. Moreover, hunger and thirst overrode his common sense. 
  He was without a doubt not thinking clearly. 
  Why a home would be so far out in the middle of a swamp, he thought as he approached the house. With all the animals in this part of the forest, or all the trees that had been fallen along the road a way back this house maybe, it belongs to a fur-trapper...or it's an old lumberjack's house...yeah it's one of those it had to be it, nothing more.
  Approaching the underside of the raised home, Louis looked upwards to about six feet. Upon his arrival, he could tell it was a much smaller home than he had first thought. Actually, it did not look like a real home at all; it looked more like a medium-sized raised hut with a span of about twenty feet wide by twenty feet across. The four stilts that the hut was mysteriously balanced upon looked more like bony chicken legs than wooden posts. There were what appeared to be knotted knees right in the middle, with three-toed-claws at the bottom of each of the four corners of the legs. Thinking this mostly to be out of the ordinary Louis stopped to think a minute, his mind drew a blank at the strange sight.
  Abnormal smells of a cooking fire with a meaty pot of stew cooking above it floated in and out of Louis's nose. The smells were strong, spicy and overpowering all at the same time, which only pleased his intense interest that much more.        
  Calling out forcefully a few salutations and greetings got Louis nowhere. Looking about he noticed that there was a small wooden box with a drop-down lid tightly wrapped around one of the chicken legs farthest from where Louis was standing. Now thinking that the little box tied up must be some type of doorbell, Louis moved a few steps sideways closer to it, and as he did this the house began to move towards him. Jumping backwards away from the home Louis accidentally planted his rear-end into a large mud hole.
    "Hungry, thirsty, tired, cold, and now I'm as wet as a fish in water," said Louis in disgust.
  Looking upwards, again the hut continued to rotate in a counter-clock wise motion towards Louis.
    "Look everything in this world moves opposite to the natural motion of the way things should be, positive is negative, negative is positive."  
  As the hut stopped rotating Louis was upon his feet, now with a little wetter and muddier bottom, he reached for the lid of the small box. As he touched the handle it quickly opened for him, looking inside Louis saw a large mouth with a thick, dark, black tongue licking back and forth inside. 
    "What a foul looking, repugnant, offensive smelling..."
  Now noticing a few letters on the side of the box, Louis read aloud "Pull the doorbell". Reaching into the drool-filled mouth, Louis flinched and cringed as he fought to grab the slippery, ever-shifty tongue as it licked at his hand. Finally getting a hold it Louis pulled as hard as he could, after releasing his grip Louis heard a soul-shaking rooster crow coming from the rooftop of the hut. 
  As the front door opened, the little mud-spattered wizard mustered a smile the best he could for whom ever answered his calling this evening. A child of about twelve years old leaned over the top rail at the porch, her hair covered her face as she looked downwards, "May I help you traveler? You look lost and tired, would you like to come in for a hot meal and bath?"
    "You darn well know I would...!" screamed out the excited little boy.
  A rope ladder was lowered to the ground. Louis sprang onto the ladder and out of harm's way, upwards he climbed into the warmth of the dry abode. Upon entering, Louis could not fathom whom he encounter.
    "Molly it's you! It's really you!" screamed out Louis at the top of his two quacking lungs.
    "Louis...my Louis!" yelled back Molly as she in turn about fell to the floor in excitement.
  Giving Molly the hug of her life, Louis quickly kissed her on the lips without even realizing it. Frantic hugs here and there, joyous shout-outs, more hugs. It was pure pandemonium with a little chaos mixed in.
  Standing back to gaze upon his beautiful Molly, Louis could barely trust his eyes, or his good fortune.
    "My god Molly, I have been traveling all over the place looking for you and Tessie, Short Stack and Chug. What are the odds of me finding you here of all places? I was so worried about all of you, and especially you Molly. How did you get here?"
    "Louis, it is so great to know you are safe and alive. I have been so worried about you as well. You see when we all fell out of the fairy circle down in; through that wormhole, I guess I blacked out. When I awoke, I was here in this black, horrid forest covered in mud, wet and cold. I saw a firelight and a home, all I could think of was safety and shelter, so I ran as fast as I could to get here. There were these awful animals sounds in the forest, I think there were jumping rats, and I know how much you hate jumping rats, oh Louis I was so afraid..."
  Molly gave Louis another long heartfelt hug when she began to notice just how cold and dirty he really was. 
    "You're all wet you must be so cold and hungry. Let's get you out of these clothes and get you into a hot, soothing bath then you can tell me all about where you have been, how you found me, and most important of all, have you seen or heard anything about our other missing friends.
  Stepping backwards away from Molly, Louis looked about the room with a questioning eye. A small kitchen filled with pots and pans was un-neatly perched in one corner. A small pot of stew was cooking over an open fire. Many pans and pots dangled from the ceiling above. 
  Scanning about in another direction, Louis spotted an old wooden roll-top desktop filled with strange looking liquid filled bottles, flasks, flagons, jugs and bud vases. Some were boiling under a controlled flame much like a high school science experiment might look. 
  There was a splattering of dingy looking furniture strewn about haphazardly a small dirty couch and a few well-worn chairs over there, a coffee table with a broken leg, cracked mirrors on the walls and floor, and a broken wall-clock. Not quite a very comfortable looking home thought Louis. A cloth divider hanging down off the ceiling, down to the floor, divided one area of the small hut.
    "How about that bath Louie?" asked Molly as Louis began to walk towards the cloth barrier.
    "Molly what's behind there?"
    "Nothing Louis, now get out of your wet clothes and let's get you cleaned up?" asked Molly as she hurriedly redirected Louis back towards the center of the hut. As Louis began to change direction, he suddenly felt a little more tired and cold. He slowly began to undress. 
"After a long peaceful bath, I can get you a bowl of that hot, delicious rabbit stew, it is right over there. I've been cooking it for over five days now."
  Thinking that a peculiar thing to say, Louis did not yet understand the mistaken words Molly just spoke. He was so very tired, and chilly. Throwing off his dirty wizard robe and wizard hat, mud-covered shoes, undershirt and trousers, the tired little boy stood in front of Molly in his underwear, showing his lean chest and weary body. As his robe hit the floor, the adder stone rolled out of one pocket, coming to a stop by the cracked mirror lying against a back wall. 
  Now standing over the pot of rabbit stew while she stirred it Louis thought that Molly appeared to look older than she really was. She showed more sloped shoulders, and had an unsteady way of walking. Louis believed his eyes were playing a trick on him for a moment; he was after all so very tired and cold. Molly stirred the fire under the rabbit stew with a renewed interest as she turned to face Louis. She rubbed her hands together in a strange excited fashion.
    "Now climb in the cooking pot...er...ah...my fault...a slip of the tongue...I mean...the bath Louis and be careful not to spill hot water on the floor it irritates the foundation legs."
    "Molly I am on edge enough as it is, and there you go making jokes again, a cooking pot that is not funny, and you are telling me the house...the foundation...what..." said a not very pleased Louis.
  The water to Louis was found to be not too hot yet, and a very comfortable temperature. Molly took a large ladle and began to sift through the warming water. The larger pieces of mud and other fragments of sticks, leaves and wild grass that were attached to Louis's skin began to melt away.
  Working methodically and with good organization Molly went about scrubbing Louis down and preparing him to her liking. You have such nice skin Louis, soft and delicious looking...ops there I go again with the jokes..." said the entranced Molly as more and more of Louis skin became exposed. 
"Molly that is two dumb, and not so funny jokes at my expense, this is really no time to be joking around. We are in a lot of trouble here. How are we going to get out of this mess, and where are Tessie, Chug and Short Stack? I am so unbelievably lucky to have stumbled upon you here in the horrible place. And what do you mean you have been here for five days cooking rabbit stew?
    "Just relax Louis you are always worrying, all the time. Why is it always me? Why is it always me? That's all you ever think about, and of course yourself. You take this hot bath, get a bite to eat and we can catch up on everything in a bit, and about me being here five days, I just meant it felt like I have been here for five days. I lost count as you could surely have yourself."
  The water began to warm as Molly stoked the fire underneath the little wizard, placing a few more logs of wood underneath the cooking pot. As the water warmed Louis became more relaxed but was still confused, something just did not feel right to him, he could not place his finger on it but his mind was still wrapped in confusion about so much.
  As Louis closed one eye, Molly grabbed a few handfuls of spices and herbs; she carefully began to throw them into the simmering water surrounding Louis.
    "Boy that rabbit stew sure smells great Molly, those herbs and spices smell like they are all around me, it's really right under my nose...yeah...my...nose...ah..." said Louis as just about became overwhelmed by the cursed sweet smells.
  Falling into a semi-dream-state, the tired little boy’s life-light was just about to expire and be lost forever, and Molly knew this. Molly began to dance about the witches hut with free and unfettered jubilation.  She tossed a few more handfuls of spices into the cooking pot full of Louis stew, as she began to incite the final death spell.

"Noctuid, Noctuid she dances tonight
all good children should run from sight
Spices, and herbs add to the delight
we eat no rabbit stew tonight

Slowly poached boiled, or stewed 
little children are on the menu soon 
because this is a cauldron of witches brew
One child poached and two more to stew

Noctuid, Noctuid dance in delight
thy belly will be full by the dawn's new light

  Cracking one sleepy, spellbound eye, Louis caught sight of the adder stone as it now glowed blue in front of the cracked mirror leaning against the nearby wall. Seeing though the center of the stone as it reflected in the mirror, horror and disgust overtook his cluttered and confused mind. 
  Molly was not Molly at all! 
  Louis had been betrayed and tricked!
    "It's a witch’s mask," said the slow stirring Louis "Broomstick was correct an adder stone can reveal a witch in disguise."
  The face now revealed in the mirror was that of a tumbledown, extremely old lady covered with warts and growths on her craggily face, the hair was grayed and tangled hanging slipshod and disorganized about the shoulders, the nose was long and twisted to one side, and her teeth were cracked and as broken as her mind.
    "Molly let me get you some more herbs for the rabbit stew" said Louis as he tried to right himself inside of the cooking pot.
    "No Louis stay put, the water is almost to a boil now. The smells of the herbs in the water will sooth your mind and body," stated Noctuid the Black Witch as she began to flail her arms about inside the beginnings of another fanatical witch-dance. More rapt, polluted, dark and evil words flowed over her lips, aimed squarely at Louis in a last chance effort to keep him numb and deadened.
  Louis staggered to his feet inside of the simmering cauldron...then without ceremony...he accidentally belly-flopped towards the center of the room. Landing on the hardwood floor, he let out a loud gasp of pain. Kicking backwards as he exited the water the large pot tumbled over spilling the entire Louis stew on the floor around him. Louis rolled over the cloth divider ripping it from the ceiling, thus exposing what lay behind it. 
  As the hot water began quickly seep through the large cracks in the wooden floor and towards the chicken leg stilts at the corners of 
the hut, the place began to shake and shimmy back and forth like a jellyfish assaulted by a jackhammer. Looking straightaway ahead Louis found what he truly had been looking for. Molly Jenkins and Tessie Whitman had been gagged, hogtied and were cloth bound inside of a small wooden cage. The look on their eyes said it all. Regaining his nimble mind, quick footing, and determination, solutions entered his ever-clearing mind.
  Quickly grabbing the adder stone nearby Louis spun about once artfully dodging the now fully exposed, wrinkled and outstretched hands of the evil black witch. 
    "Molly, Tessie lay flat!" screamed out Louis as he once again ducked under the reaching fingers of the vile creature. 
  The now flying adder stone smashed the wooden cage to pieces, sending shards of sharp wood into the nearby walls and floor. A large piece of wayward wood slammed into Noctuid's chest, knocking the wind out of her, thus ending the evil spells she tried to spew forth. She was thrown backwards towards the far side of the hut into the kitchen. She came to rest next to the pot of rabbit stew. This fully loosened the horrid grip she had on all three of the young children's minds. 
  Promptly grabbing a large kitchen knife off the kitchen countertop Louis frantically cut Molly and Tessie free. As the rickety old hut still shook about from side to side, Louis headed directly towards the pot of rabbit stew and the faltering witch. He slammed his foot into the side of the pot; it crashed into the wall nearby sending boiling hot water cascading over Noctuid and her witch mask. The pain was overwhelming. She cried out in anguish and torment. She ripped at the witch mask pulling it off her face. The entire horror of her appearance now became visible to all three of the children. Molly began to cry as Tessie screamed out in horror. 
    "Run towards the door, and get down that robe ladder!" bellowed out Louis as he grabbed his clothes off the couch. 
    "Behind you Louis, watch out!" screamed out Molly as she and Tessie crawled towards their freedom.
    "She's after you again" called out Tessie.
   Large watery boils and red welts began to rise off the witches face, arms and hands where the boiling water had splashed upon her only moments before. The black pupils in her eyes dilated as the searing pain shot into her mind. Her true age could now be seen since the witches mask and spells on the children had been removed. She was hunchbacked, frail and raggedy-looking. Her fingernails were long and curled up in circles at the tips of her fingers. 
  She lunged for Louis once again as the whole hut shook forcefully once more, but this time even more fiercely than before. This knocked both Louis and Noctuid off their feet. 
  Molly and Tessie had finally made it to safety down the rope ladder and out into the fire-bogs again. Looking toward the back towards the raised hut both shuddered at the thought of Louis fighting the witch inside all alone.
    "We have to go back in and help him Molly...,” cried out Tessie.
    "No we both know Louis. He can take care of himself...this is our Louis after all..."
    "I know that is what worries me Tessie," said a worried Molly as she wrapped her arms around the concerned Tessie.
  Louis was first up and back on his feet, not knowing why, Louis snatched the witches mask, then he headed for the adder stone, securing both back into his wizard robe he scrambled towards the open front door. Flying down the exit, his shoes found salvation back on the soggy ground below the front porch and in front of the doorbell once again. 
  Being full of revenge and anger Louis slammed his fist down the throat of the doorbell. The black tongue recoiled in pain, the mouth tried to close around Louis's wrist. Upon smashing the adder stone...now held in his other hand...down upon the wooden box, it shattered into a thousand pieces. The black rooster on the rooftop took off in flight, squawking loudly. 
  Noctuid was now leaning over the upper handrails of the porch, soon to try to make her way down the rope ladder. Another forceful kick by Louis sealed his fate for good from the deathly grip and spellbound words of Noctuid the Black Witch. A well placed kick upon the knee of one of the chicken legs at the corner of the hut sent the completely shaky hut on the run away as fast as it could go, deeper into the godforsaken swampland, and as far away from Louis the Wizard as possible.
  As fast as Louis could go he followed Molly and Tessie's footsteps out of the swamp and as far away from the Black Witch as he could get, knowing all the while that a pot Louis stew was almost served to the evil witch of Bramble Forest in the heart of Northumberland.   

    








~Chapter 8~
Spydos (Arachnide Trarantulos)

  Running hysterically for the better part of an hour out of the fire-bogs and deeper into Bramble Forest Molly, Tessie and Louis finally collapsed from exhaustion. Louis awkwardly crawled into the lower roots of another old twisted tree next to where Molly and Tessie were now hiding.
    "Where are we Louis? What have you gotten us into?" asked the very panic-stricken Molly.
    "Yeah Louis, you've done it again. We trusted you about that darned fairy circle...now look where we are. What is this place?"
    "It's not all my fault Molly, you got all giddy and forgot what I told you. Only nine times around the circle, only nine times! You went ten times then stepped or fell inside the circle I am not sure what happened. And you Tessie, you went in after her. I told you both not to go into the fairy circle, so this is not all my fault. I warned you both before the start of Walpurgis Night and the Widdershins dance began," exclaimed Louis as he hugged them both just as tightly as he could "I am so sorry, but we are all to blame in some way or another."
    "Now where are we Louis, really?"
    "Molly we are in the land called Northumberland, believe it or not, right underneath Centerville. We are in Bramble Forest on the outside of the Kingdom of Gwynedd. When the fairy circle opened, an evil fairy inside of that fairy circle captured us. I believe a Sleagh Maith Hairy fairy grabbed us all and pulled us down towards Northumberland then we slid down that wormhole. Somehow, we were separated after that. I think that you two, with Chug and Short Stack were kidnapped while you were knocked out from the fall then taken to different areas of this land by Túngarar Spadefoot. He's the ruler of this land. You don't want to know about him yet.
  Anyway, somehow, they did not find me at the bottom of the wormhole, or I was to be let go to travel by myself. I really do not know. All I do know is that you were all missing. I had to go find you and have been looking for you all for over three days at least. How lucky was I to find you now? 
  I have not been able to locate Chug or Short Stack yet, but I have a good idea where they are. Now with you both reunited with me, we have to go find our two friends, free them and get back to the wormhole and find a way to get out of this lost world."
    "What a mess Louis. Next time you get another "Big Idea" keep me out of it...will ya?" asked Molly as she shook an index finger at Louis.
    "Yeah that goes for me as well Louis" added Tessie as she gave Louis a stern eye then gave Molly a big kiss on the cheek.
    "I have so many more questions for you Louis, but right now the most important things are what are next Louis and where could our missing friends have been taken to?"
    "Good questions Molly, but first one other thing that I forgot to tell you..."
    "What's that Louis?"
    "I have to kill a White Queen who lives in a dark tower in the city of Elphame."
    "You have to do what?" asked an astonished Tessie.
    "I know it just got worse. I am so sorry but you see this bug-eyed toad called Túngarar Spadefoot, as I mentioned before, you know the ruler of this land, well he wants her dead to gain her powers then he can free his undertoads. I think that these are his children who have been held under the spell of this sinister queen. The undertoads will not fully grow yet. They are locked in childhood as tadpoles forever. At least this is what I think is happening. Well it gets even worse again, two things more."
    "It just gets better and better Louis, what other two things?" asked Molly.
    "The White Queen is a land draug, she's an after-walker. You see she is already dead, so I don't know how I'm going to kill something that is already dead. I need to bring her crown back to Spadefoot or her lifeless black heart. Oh, it is complicated. As for your other question now, I also believe that Chug is being held by Hydrarchos the Water Serpent at the base of Morpeth Mountain and Short Stack is being held by Morrígan the Stone Troll somewhere close in that same mountain range."
"Louis...a land draug's a what, an after-walker's, water serpents and stone trolls. What are we to do Louis? What is this awful place?" asked a horrified little Molly
    "What is going on here?" asked Tessie as she squeezed Molly's hand that much tighter.
    "Well I know two things for sure?"
    "What's that Louis...?" asked Molly.
    "No stone troll or land draug is eating my Short Stack and no water serpent is going to eat our Chug. We are going to go find them, free them, get that crown or tiara or whatever it is and do as Spadefoot asks, then we are getting out of here back to Centerville. Now are you two with me or not?" asked a now more determined and courageous Louis.
    "Of course I am with you Louis, we cannot leave our two friends out here to be eaten nor be held captives for the rest of their lives. What is your plan?" asked Molly.
    "Yeah, what is your plan Louis?" chimed in Tessie.
    "Well that's the problem I don't really have a plan. We are going have to improvise, but I do have some ideas. Now I just took care of that horrible witch, so I know we can fight back, and with both of you now on board to help I am sure we can beat this and get back home. We have to find the safety of a shelter tonight. We cannot sleep out in the forest it is too dangerous. The things that go bump in the night actually do go bump in the night here in this world. You can attest to that Molly you said you heard the nasty sounds of animals and beast of this forest already just as I have. We have been fortunate to not have crossed paths with anything too large, or too vile, or too hungry, to be able to eat us just yet so let's count our blessings."
    "What do you suggest then Louis" asked Tessie as she began to look about the forest once more, "there are no other shelters out here except that witches hut?"
    "No Tessie I believe there are. I saw many felled trees by the side of the road as we ran here and some before that a ways back. I am betting there is a lumberjack's home or a traveler's flophouse somewhere close by. Forests always have seasonal shacks for hunting you get the idea. 
  We have to travel quickly down this road, making sure to go quietly, and I am sure we will come upon something soon. Just keep your eyes open and your wits about you. I am sure we are going to see or hear something not very pleasant, and mostly likely very dangerous so we have to keep moving. If we stay here we will surely be found" said Louis as he motioned for them start up again. 
  The blue lights that illuminate this world had weakened even more during the nighttime. The nightly blue fogs began to surround and engulf them as they traveled far into the night and further into the forest, and closer towards Morpeth Mountain.
    "We have to keep on the path towards the Northumbria mountain range. I believe that is where we will find Morrígan the Stone Troll, since stone trolls must live in caves and near stones."
    "Sound logical Louis. I have not seen any homes yet, and boy is I getting hungry again. We were tied up in that witches hut for I think three days. She only gave us a couple of bites of soup and bread. That witch was cooking that rabbit stew for a few days and then I think we were going to be on the menu as well, so it's kind of good that you showed up first Louis" said Molly as she chuckled a bit to calm her nerves and lighten the mood.
    "That's not too funny Molly. So you're saying you were looking forward to that Louis stew?" asked Louis as he as well began to laugh at the situation.
    "I don't know if you would have tasted very good or not. We are not out of this mess yet, so maybe I will still have a chance to see about that" understood Molly as she slapped Louis on the back in a friendly manner.
    "We'll we will just have to see about that, won't we, Louis stew, what a thought" assumed Louis "look over there Tessie, Molly, what's that?"
    "You appear to have been right Louis. It looks like a wooden cabin of some type. Maybe a hunter's hideaway, let's get off this road and out of this fog. It might be dangerous but we really have no choice," said Molly as she looked for proof from the others.
    "We have to go there Molly, we have to get out of this cold. Maybe there is food and water there and we can light a fire. I hope that nobody of questionable morals lives there. Approach quietly and with caution, we don't want to make any more mistakes and to step into another witches den."
    "You are right Tessie," said Louis as he led the way towards the cabin, which was about fifty yards off the road, nestled in a small grass clearing.
  Creeping around the backside of the cabin, then spying into the window, all appeared to be in order. No living soul or dead soul for that matter could be seen nothing looked amiss. After prying open the thick rear wooden door all three entered, quickly closing the heavy door behind them. Finding a candle and some matches on the kitchen table Louis lit the candle, which lit up the one room cabin.
    "No witch's cauldron and no witches brew, and a reasonably priced room...free. I hope the bed is comfortable and the sheets are clean. And about room service...?" asked Tessie and she smiled in relief that they were out of harm's way for night.     
    "I don't think there is room service unless a few jumping rats come calling in the night."
    "Molly you know I hate jumping rats more than anything, that is not funny" said Louis as he gave her a stern look. He then began to rummage through the kitchen cabinets, looking for food. 
    "Look dried venison and beef jerky. Let me look at that" asked Tessie as she moved Louis aside. This will work for tonight and it looks like enough food for a few days."
    "Hey out front on the porch there is a shallow well, so it looks like we have clean water to drink and the bed over there looks clean enough to sleep in. It looks like we will all be safe for a night. Louis can you light a fire in the chimney and I will draw up some water. Tessie can you find a pot and we can heat up some of the dried beef, maybe even make some broth with it?"
  Without any more unneeded conversation, the three children went about their assigned chores for the evening knowing that they would all be warm and out of harm's way for the time being, even if they were still lost inside of Bramble Forest. 
  Dinner was served then each took a real bath. Molly fluffed up the sheets and covers on the large bed found in one corner of the room. The firelight would keep the animals and beasts away for the night along with the thick padlocks tightly locked over the doors and windows. All for the first time, in what seemed like a long time, this evening, had a well-deserved, good night’s sleep.

*

  The new days daylight brought renewed energy and a since of well-being to Molly, Louis and Tessie. After stoking the fire to warm the room, Louis went about finding a carryall for all the supplies they would need to bring for the next part of their journey. Louis found a long walking stick in one corner of the room, then fashioned a cloth-wrap bag to hold the supplies. Louis tightly wrapped up enough dried food and satchels of water, securing them in place at the end of the stick. He then made a shoulder bag of the self-same material to hold his two books, the adder stone, the witch mask and the other knickknacks that he had brought along with him.
    "Look Louis a map of Bramble Forest and the surrounding area."
    "Where did you find that Molly?" asked Louis as he approached Molly with a quizzical eye. 
    "Louis, it was in this drawer here in this dresser. Look it has our cabin marked right here."
    "Let me see that. You are right this X must be where we are now. Look here, this is the very center of the forest, and that is where I was a few days ago, that is the clearing where I met Spadefoot the Toad King. Look, here this is where the edge of the forest is, and there is the Kingdom of Gwynedd and Deganwy Castle. That is where I spent a night and most of a day before I set out to find you."
  Tessie pointed to the map, "This is where we have to go is that right?"
    "Yes Tessie that is the foot of Morpeth Mountain, this is where...I almost guarantee...that Morrígan the Stone Troll lives in that cave there where an X is as well, that must be it. Then look over here this is where the wooden dam where Hydrarchos the Water Serpent lives. The Northumbria Mountains appear to be about two days away if all goes well," stated Louis as he looked with great intent upon the map.
    "How fortunate are we that you found this map Molly?"
    "Very. Being lost in this forest was bad enough, but being lost in those mountains over there could be even worse. And what is this here Louis, look?"
    "That is the city of Elphame where Elphen the White Queen lives and that there is Hagby the Black Tower."
    "Can I have this map Molly? I will carry it with the supplies and my books. The map will be safe there. If we stay right on the road we were on, heading in the same direction for at least another day, we will come to this large tree at the fork in the road here. The tree is called Arachnide Tarantulos. Boy that sure is a strange name for a tree. I guess I will figure that out later. Anyway we then take a heading south towards the mountains there. Is everybody ready, and all packed up? We can eat breakfast on the road today or an early lunch?"
    "Yep Louis, I am ready. We can eat later," said Tessie.
    "Molly is you ready?"
    "Yes Louis. Here I packed a few supplies as well. Tessie will you carry this shoulder bag, and I will carry this one, and off we go," said Molly as all headed for the front door and out towards the open road.
  Folding up the map and safely storing it, Louis grabbed the his wizard hat, then fell in right behind the two girls as each slowly headed away from the log cabin and towards the earthen pathway that they were traveling on the night before.
  As the traveling party and the morning meandered onwards, the forest swamps and fire-bogs began to thin along with the stifling, heavy air that had weighted down their spirits earlier. The disheartening smells of sulfur and swamps gases gave way to the smells of green grasses and budding flowers. The closer they got to the Northumbria Mountains, the more their hopes of finding Chug and Short Stack alive heightened.
  The travel became easier and swifter as the earthen road opened up before them. It was now clear that Bramble Forest was beginning to fade away behind them, and the dangers that had lurked there. The road now was mostly flat and clear of major difficulties. It gently rose in elevation the further they traveled forward. The heavy blue fogs that covered the forest floor could not been seen now, only lovely flowers and tall grasses lined the road and the surrounding areas. Large open fields covered the major portions of the lands about them now, interspersed with thickset granite rocks and shallow rocky culverts. A one-dimensional but quick moving stream came into view up ahead. The warm blue lights of the day warmed their shoulders.
    "Look Molly the mountains are coming into view more clearly now. That is mount Morpeth on the left there. It is the largest and tallest of the three mountain peaks."
    "I see it Louis, and at the base of that mountain that is where Morrígan the Stone Troll lives?" asked Molly once again. 
    "Yes I believe so."
    "Louis do you have a plan yet how we are going to free Short Stack or Chug out of that cave?" asked Tessie.
    "The best plan we can have is no plan at all. We should roll with the dice so to speak. We can do a review of the area when we get there. We have to find an entrance to his cave and hopefully a clear exit then get a look at this beast to see what we are dealing with. We must then try to find a weakness in either him or his defenses surrounding where he lives, then make the best choices available to us."
    "You are so grown up Louis. Just listen to you," said a very impressed Tessie.
    "Tessie it is not a matter being grown up, this is common sense. We are in a world of trouble here, as are our friends. We are only going to get one shot at this, and if we get it wrong, then I hate to think what would happen to us, or Chug, or Short Stack for that matter. When we see this creature we will have to be quick on our feet and nimble in thought and actions" said Louis as he took out one of the books that he had borrowed from Mr. Beamer, what seemed so long ago.
    "You keep reading up in that magic book and we will keep our eyes out for danger Louis," said Molly as she moved to the front, to take the lead "that fork in the road should come into view later in the day. I will keep an eye out for it."
  For the next few hours, all was quiet as the conversations were kept to a minimum to let Louis read and think. A quick lunch and a rest at the side of the road, and they were off again. The day's travel was uneventful. A spattering of birds and ground-dwelling creatures could be heard and seen in flight or underfoot, but no real dangers approached them or were present. 
  The air started to thin and grow colder the higher the ground rose in elevation. A few unpromising thunderstorms hung over the furthest peaks and steepest slopes of a distant mountain range, off to the south of them. This from time to time sent loud, deep thunderclaps echoing off the nearest slopes closest to them. This raised the hair on Molly's neck as she looked over at Tessie, then at Louis who was unmindful of the noise. 
  Louis was ever so lost in thought now. The books he was reading were opening his mind, soul and his spirit as never before. He began to understand ideas and thoughts that were beforehand unknown to him...as only reading a good book can do for one...especially one so young and quick of thought, as the easily swayed and youthful Louis. His daydreams, fantasies and reflections became clearer with each page he read and understood.
    "We must rest again Molly, Tessie. I have been reading as we walked for the better part of seven hours. My legs, eyes and my mind are tired," said Louis as he closed the book he was reading. You both must be tired as well.
    "We can start to look for a place to rest for the night; we can build a shelter or find one. I will keep my eyes open," said Molly as she and Tessie locked eyes.
    "You are right Louis it has been a very long day. We can find that fork in the road in the morning, then on to the higher slopes where the caves of Morpeth will come into view" held Tessie as she began to search the road ahead along with Molly for cover from the upcoming cold of the night. 
  Another half hour of light travel, when up a head Molly spotted a large thicket of bushes coming into view. 
    "There Louis to the left it looks like an abandoned hunter's den is coming into view, it seems like the bushes have been fashioned into a small alcove or shelter, and up ahead beyond that there is a stream with fresh water, we can stay there tonight, what do you think?"
    "Molly I am too tired to argue or to find another shelter, if you believe that is a good place then let's head over there and set up camp inside."
  The opening in a large thicket of thorn bushes was mid-sized, clammy and dank. It would have to do for the evening. Tessie drew fresh water as Molly started a small fire at the mouth of the opening. Louis made three beds filled with leaves, grasses and mosses. As the small encampment warmed, Molly made an undersized pot of soup from the supplies she had brought. A few herbs picked from a nearby field, added dried venison and a few spices and the soup was complete. It was just what they needed, nothing beats a hot meal and nobody knew this better than Molly.
    "Feeling any better Louis?"
    "Yes, thank you Molly. We need a good night's rest, then a push into the higher foothills of Northumbria by mid-morning on the next day. We also need to all clean up a bit before we call it a night."
    "You are right Louis, that stream did look inviting" added Tessie.
  All headed for the small stream just outside of the camp. Tessie was the first to roll up her pants and shirtsleeves and enter the water. Molly handed Tessie a bar of soap as she as well followed her into the tempting water. Sitting on a nearby rock Louis watched the blue moon as it began to disappear over the nearby mountain range when Molly suddenly screamed out.
    "Molly what is it...?" shouted out an alarmed Louis as he directly ran for the shallow stream as quickly as he could.
    "It's my...my...?"
    "Molly what...what..!" cried out Tessie as she grabbed Molly by her thin waist, trying to steady her.
    "Look at my feet Tessie...Louis...there are...are" Molly cried out again and again as tears began to stream down her girlish face "warts, moles, look at them..."
    "Look...my god...help her Louis...,” shouted out Tessie.
    "My arms Louis...Louis...they are covered as well..."
  Quickly Tessie and Molly sprang from the water. Stirring below the surface Louis spotted another large pod of tadpoles scurrying off towards the far side of the stream. This alarmed him again to no end.
    "Louis, Molly...!"
    "Tessie what...what...!" exclaimed Louis as Tessie called out at her own discovery.
    "Me...me...as well, Molly...look...warts...look at the growths..."
  Louis dared not to look at himself. Molly then Tessie turned to face Louis as Louis began to lift his wizard robe then his pants legs and shirtsleeves.
    "No...no...I as well girls...!" said the disheartened Louis as he sat down on the stream bank next to the two grief-stricken girls "we have all be bitten and are now infected with a black magic."
    "What are you talking about Louis...infected...bitten..." asked a wild-eyed Molly.
    "Yes what do you know Louis that you are not telling us?" asked Tessie, as she too could not believe what she was seeing and hearing. 
    "I did not think it was true. Túngarar Spadefoot called me an Ogbanje...a changeling, he told me this would happen to me soon, now it is happening to you two as well."
    "Louis you must tell us everything you know at once," stated Molly as she gave a death-grip on Louis's hand for support.
    "Well as I said before I did not think it to be true of me, but now I know it is true of all of us. You two must have waded in a stream at some time in the last few days here in Northumberland; you were bitten as I was by an undertoad."
    "What is an undertoad Louis?"
    "Look Tessie over towards the far side of the stream. See those large tadpoles over there?"
    "Yes..."
    "These are Túngarar Spadefoot evil spies and soon to be children. We are all changelings now like them. Soon we will be one of those, an undertoad, one of his children. He has cast a dark spell upon us. The warts and growths you are seeing is the start of the transformation, soon we will all change for the worse. I do not know if we can reverse the dark magic that is causing this.   
  The last few days and especially today I were reading in one of Mr. Beamer's books about Northumberland and the evil magic that rules this place, so I feel I am knowledgeable somewhat about what is going on here. I have already taken a magic that slows the growth that is why my warts and moles are not as profound as yours are. I have eaten part of a mugwort root and applied some of it on the bite, on my foot. That root might not be found this high up in elevation per this book."
    "Louis what have you done. This fairy circle tending of yours...this is your entire fault...,” stated Tessie as she too began to cry.
    "I am so sorry girls. You are right this is my entire fault. I believe this now. I got in over my head on this one, but I also take into account that there is more to this than we are seeing" said Louis as he tried to comfort the girls.
    "What more Louis?" asked an unimpressed and unmoved Molly?
    "I have a hunch what is going on but I am not totally sure. As for us to leave here, I have to talk with Chug and Short Stack I have a few questions for them. We have to find them and I think I will know for sure then what we must do."
    "A hunch Louis, that is not funny. We will all have a hunch soon enough if you know what I mean" said Molly as she began to cry again.
    "I was not trying to be funny Molly..."
    "How long do you think we have before the change is complete?" asked a heartbroken Tessie as she wiped away more tears from her eyes.
    "I believe from what I was told and have read, we have about two to three weeks before our mind and bodies will not be our own, before we completely pass...into...into...the...unknown..."
    "Why do you need to talk with Short Stack and Chug Louis, what do they know about this...I want to know...,” demanded Molly.
    "First I have a question for you two. Where you there that day at the watering-hole, you know the rock quarry when Short Stack was punched in the eye by Frank Fatbottom?"
    "Yes I was."
    "Yes I was as well Louis, and...?" requested Tessie.
    "We were all teasing Frank that day. Short Stack did the most teasing and then we all laughed at Frank remember?"
    "Again and...?"
    "Then a few other times over the years, before that when Frank came into town, we all teased him as he began to gain all that weight. And each year he came back into town he was fatter and fatter, and we became meaner and meaner, remember...do you?" asked Louis as his mind just raced.
    "I don't get the connection Louis. What are you trying to say? What are you getting at?" asked Molly.
    "Molly I am not really sure yet but I have a theory. I have an idea what this land is all about and why we are here. I do not want to alarm you or scare you anymore than you already are."
    "I am turning into a toad Louis, for crying out loud!" shouted out Molly.
    "I as well, what do you mean you don't want to alarm us!" added Tessie.
    "We have to go back into the camp and try to rest now. In the morning we have to go find a rare root that may grow in the mountains up ahead, it will slow the growth on us and the dark magic that has been cast upon us from Spadefoot, and I believe by Noctuid the Black Witch."
  Tessie looked once again into the stream, as did Molly.
    "I don't want to be an old toad Louis," said Molly as she grabbed her shoes and headed towards safety.
    "I thought one day I might be an old bag-lady, or even an old-maid Louis, but never an old toad," added Tessie and she tried to muster a smile to calm the other two.
    "Well I have to say, you two do have the best warts I have ever seen. Under any other circumstances Chug and I would have had a lot of great jokes about this" chimed in Louis as he too tried to lighten their spirits.
    "Well maybe this is why we are all in this together, is it not Louis?" asked the clever Molly as she showed a hint of knowing what Louis knew.
  Again trying to muster a reassuring smile towards the two girls and especially towards Molly, all headed back into the thicket for the night. Molly covered up her legs and arms up as Tessie unpacked a few small blankets from their supplies. Tessie rolled down her shirtsleeves and pants then crawled up next to Molly under one of the cotton blankets.
    "Girls you go to sleep if you can. I will keep the fire large enough though out the night to ward off any wild animals and to keep the area warm. I will try to read a little more if I can, maybe the answers are in those books of Mr. Beamer's. I will figure this out I promise, and we will get back home soon enough," added a more determined Louis as he gave Molly and Tessie a kiss on their cheeks before they turned in for the night "and hey you know what they say about kissing a few toads to find your prince, how about a kiss girls?"
    "Louis...you, not funny..." said Molly "one day you are really going to get it."
  Louis smiled then turned to look at the last of the blue moon as it set behind mount Morpeth Louis became lost in thought again, wondering what his mother was doing this night. Was she cooking dinner for him in her kitchen waiting for him to come home late, as always? Was she worried about him, or did she even know that he was missing at all? 
  A lone lonesome beast howled out a wild cry into the night as he exited his den, announcing his arrival this evening to any enemy that might be roaming inside of his claimed domain. Nestled up in a few nearby trees night birds began to sing a stirring song filled with emotion. Louis sat patiently searching inwards for answers then looking outwards out of the entrance of the camp, for any lurking beasts that might draw closer during the night.

*

  The new day's journey would be begin shortly, a somber quite breakfast, quickly packing up camp then off again down on the road again towards mount Morpeth. Molly and Tessie were in no mood for small talk, or any kind of chatter for that matter. The morning was mostly a gloomy affair and the day would not get any better with Morrígan the Stone Troll to be in their near future. 
    "You two should not be so mad at me I said I was sorry already. Let's start looking for that root I was talking about last night. It is called a mugwort plant. It has a startling red colored flower for a hood that should be blooming right about now in the early morning. Dark witches, trolls and wizards who know about their powers use this plant. The witches harness the evil powers, trolls relish the taste of the flowers and for us wizards with the right magic it will heal wounds to the heart or body. The nectar of the flower is sweet to the taste and the root is foul smelling and pungent."
     "How do you know all this Louis?" asked Molly.
     "I've been studying on these subjects for years Molly. In addition, Mr. Beamer's books that I have been reading talk all throughout about witches, trolls, elves and the like. It is as if the book is a manuscript or how-to book about living here. You know, I wonder if Mr. Beamer gave me this knowing that we would be here in this land someday. I know that sounds far-fetched but the truth is what it is. It is undeniable. I did have a long talk with him about Frank Fat Bottom and the fairy circle the day before we went missing. I was wondering aloud I guess." 
  Louis showed the table of contents and a few chapters of the book to the girls.
    "I still don't get it Louis, but let's look for that flower and root anyway. Let's split up and look in this upcoming slope. We are almost to the fork in the road and look over there the foothills of the mountains are starting to rise in elevation even quicker, and more dramatically" said Tessie.
    "I agree Tessie. We can split up and canvass the slopes here. Do not get too far away, stay within sight and don't go into any caves, Morrígan could be lurking about."
  Louis sat upon a rock found nearby for a few moments, dropped his walking stick, then pulled out the map from his carryall. The fork in the road was only about an hour's walk away now. Looking up towards mount Morpeth directly in his path Louis knew that the next part of their journey was just about to begin. His two friends were close by he could just feel it. 
  As Louis looked up the near slope of a rising foothill close by, his heart about fell out of his chest. Molly was noticeably hopping every other step, from rock to rock. Then looking to his left, he spotted Tessie, she as well, a hop now and again. Louis's heart spoke to him, "This cannot be. I have to correct this this is my entire fault. Why is it always me, what have I done?"
  Holding his emotions in check after seeing his friends this way was one of the hardest things he had ever done before. Holding back tears Louis packed up the map, took a quick bite of some dried beef then embarked up the hillside looking for a mugwort plant. Tessie looked backwards towards Molly and Louis as they searched about the hillside she as well noticed both of them now and again hopping up and down the hillside. She was emotionally torn. Molly as well spotted the others with their strange behavior, hopping about the mountainside in an unorthodox fashion.
  Louis finally called out, breaking the sadness of the moment.
    "Here I found it, here Molly come here...Tessie over here."
 Digging into the ground with a renewed vigor and willpower Louis exposed the flower and root completely. As the two girls arrived, Louis gave them a big hug. He did not have the courage to tell them that he had seen them hopping about. Neither could the other two bring up the subject they were all just happy now that they finally had some good news for a change. 
    "Girls let's get down off this slope, and get a small fire going. We have to boil this root then drink the contents. Molly you can try to spice it up if you like so it will go down easier, but this is the only way to get the full effects of the magic. Then we have to rub the rest of it on our feet and arms."
    "Ok Louis whatever you say" added Molly. She smiled widely as Tessie gave them both a hug. As they started down the hill, Louis began to whistle a little tune to the delight of the others. All happily hopped and sang until they reached the road again.
  A small fire was lit and the root was brought to a slow boil over the fire; a quick mid-morning snack was had and all took a quick rest. After the root was cooked and then cooled Molly was the first to take a bite. 
    "This does not taste too bad. I guess those added spices helped."
    "Now rub the rest on your arms and legs that you have not eaten. This goes for you as well Tessie. The warts and moles and the bite marks should disappear in a few hours. This is what happened to me a few days ago. The swelling will go down this will slow the dark magic. We should be OK for the time being, besides a few hops here and again," said Louis as he swallowed another batch of magic.
    "I feel better already Louis. Now let's get onto finding that troll and rescuing whoever is held there. Even if I do turn into a toad, I still miss my mom and dad and my brothers and sisters. We all have to get back to Centerville as soon as possible because I know you two as well miss your families and friends," stated Molly as she tried to give support to her two friends.
    "You are darned right Molly, let's beat this and get back home. Louis that map what did it say, how far until we reach that cave and that creature?" asked Tessie.
    "An hour at the most, dead ahead we should see that large tree and fork in the road and then Morrígan's cave should be right around that area."
  With a renewed vigor and strength of mind given to them from the ingestion of the mugwort root, they moved down the road closer towards the foot of the broad mountain range majestically standing before them. Molly stopped them in the center of the road. The air was thinner and cooler they would have to change into warmer clothes now. She pulled out a few jackets and scarf's that she had found earlier at the hunter's cabin. Removing his wizard robe and hat Louis welcomed the warmer clothes.
  Moving forwards and upwards down the earthen road for the better part of an hour, a large fork in the road was now visible and dead ahead. Looking off to the left a massive, gnarled, ancient looking cedar tree was firmly claiming its place in the world. It was over five hundred feet tall, one hundred foot wide at the base and the width of the canopy of branches covering the road in both directions must have been over three hundred feet across.
    "We've arrived. Look Molly the fork in the road, right there, and that is the tree that was marked on the map, and what are the markings on that map...Arachnide Trarantulos...I still don't remember what that means. It sounds familiar though...,” pondered Louis as he pulled out the map from a side pocket in his jacket.
    "Yep...that's it Louis. Let's head there and get our bearings," said Molly as they covered the last few steps up the road.
    "Glad we made it. How about a quick lunch then we can look for that cave," said Tessie. 
    "Sounds good," said Louis as they all three looked for a place to sit under the giant tree.
  Molly served a small lunch. Small talk abounded as Louis pulled up his pants legs to look at his legs and feet. 
    "See girls the warts and moles are smaller again, and I have only hopped a few times in the last hour."
    "Yes mine are smaller as well, and the bite mark has all but disappeared," said Molly as she examined her legs and arms.
    "Mine to Louis. But I still feel like an old toad wearing this horrible old hunter's jacket and cap" said Tessie as she faintly smiled.
    "Well we all look like a bunch of old toads in these rags but at least we are warm. We can take care of our business here then back down the foothills. Then we can change back when we reach lower ground" said Louis as he finished some smoked fish that Molly has given him.
    "Where do you think that cave is Louis now that we have arrived?" asked Molly
    "Looks like right over there were that cliff drops down and sidles the road."
  Louis pointed down the road to the large cliff; the girls turned to look. Both agreed with Louis that that would be the best place to start looking for their friends. Rolling onto his back Louis gently interlocked both of his hands behind his head. He then looked upwards towards the center of the tree into the highest branches.
    "Girls are we looking for a stone troll or a forest troll? This Morrígan, you don't think he can climb trees do you?" asked Louis as his eyes tapered and his focus sharpened.
    "Well what a dumb thing to say Louis. I have never heard of a troll that could climb trees," said Molly as she too began to look upwards into the highest part of the tree above them.  
    "We are not looking for a man eating cat. We are looking for a big clumsy, slow-moving, stupid troll. That is what this Morrígan should be," said Tessie as she as well began to search about the upper branches above them "what are you two look at?"
    "Well I cannot be too sure, but are those two large, pulsating red eyeballs looking down at us from about three hundred feet up, right there at that one branch there to the left?" asked Louis as he pointed in that direction "right by that large cluster of branches. I know you can hardly see through them and they are kind of high up but...but..."
    "Louis get out your sling shot, I know you always carry that dumb thing with you everywhere. Take a shot and see what happens."
    "OK Molly but don't blame me if I hit the center. I am a good shot. Come to think of it that's just a couple pieces of oversized fruit or some crazy red nuts that this tree might grow, that's all this that is."
    "I thought I saw a blink!"
    "Tessie, what are you talking about...a blink...trees don't blink" said Molly.
  With sling shot now in hand and aimed upwards Louis let loose one of his cat-eye marbles at the target; a direct hit.
    "Great shot Louis" said Molly "dead center."
  Arrrrrrgggggggg!!!!
    "I don't think that was such a good shot Molly...run...run...!!" screamed out Louis.
    "You've done it again Louis. You always say, "Why is it always me", well why it is always us? It's because we hang around you!" cried out Tessie as she jumped to her feet with Molly right behind her.
    "You told me to shoot Molly, it's not my fault..." shouted out Louis.
    "Hurry for that cave! Run...run...!" blared out Molly.
  Oak nuts, branches, brambles, leaves and twigs showered down upon all three as the massive creature scrambled above them in the tree's canopy.
  Arrrrrrgggggggg!!!!
    "What is that thing up there Louis? It's gaining on us. It moves through the branches with such ease...what it is...what it is...?" repeatedly called out Tessie.
    "Are you afraid of spiders Molly?"
    "Why do you ask Louis, you know I am...bad...bad timing."
    "I just remembered what Arachnide Tarantulos meant on that map."
    "Not now Louis!"
    "Yeah not now!" echoed a frenzied Tessie.
    "It's a giant tree spider! A flesh-eating tarantula is after us. An Arachnide is a spider Molly!”
    "It's gaining on us Louis. We won't make it to the cave in time," screamed out Tessie.
  Her thick, silky spider-thread dropped her with lightning speed, quickly and effortlessly downwards out of the upper branches of the colossal oak tree right down in front of the terrified children, slamming shut the only way into Morrígan the Stone Troll's lair. Arachnide Tarantulos softly but with great style reared up in front of them, as she cut the rear silk wire from her amble bottom. She rubbed her one sore, bloodied and bruised eye with a hind leg, as the other eye caught sight of the sling shot in Louis's left hand. 
    "You should not pick fights with somebody larger than you. Haven't you learned that by now Fairy Circle Tender?" inquired the angered, venomous spider.
  The stumbling and sometimes bumbling Louis tried to reply "Well I...did...I...did not mean...er...I was not trying to pick a fight with you...I...er...I..."
    "You picked a fight with Frank Fatbottom Junior and look where that has gotten you?" stated the spider as she began to coyly sashay and sway from side to side, beginning a well-proven dance to lure her prey into a hypnotic state before the final kill-strike.
    "Behind me girls, stay behind me, then back away slowly towards those rocks over there. This is my fight she is after me! Her revenge is set on me."
  Shooing the girls away Louis turned back to face his attacker.
    "Now what are you talking about spider, what does this have to do with Frank?" asked the astonished little mushroom tender.
    "You all: laugh, chuckle, snort and hoot, cackle, chortle, giggle and snicker at the other's less fortunate than you, or those that do not look like you, or those that are not as you are, or are fatter, or thinner, or don't fit in with your friends. When are you going to learn your lesson that, that behavior has consequences, results, effects, concerns and outcomes for you? FFJ, his day of days has come, and yours have now ended. Spadefoot rises with or without you alive."
  Trying to slow the assault and save his life and the life of his friends Louis tried to stall and query the spider into distraction. 
    "What are you talking about? What about Frank? I ask you again to explain before you take my life. He picked on us. He beat up Short Stack."
  Looking over his left shoulder Louis could see that the girls were now at a safe distance to make an escape. 
  The revenge-filled spider spoke out again, "You are the ones that started this travesty. You are the ones that caused the pain, the hurt, the harm, the wounds, you impair, you upset, you offend and mar. Frank's reaction was wrong but justified. You do not understand his plight, his troubles at home. I work for him, he has risen" said the depraved creature as she kept up her hypnotic waltz.
  Eyeing the motion of the spider as she swayed Louis's eyes started to become as heavy as his mind was now weary. She was as cunning and as clever as she was hungry.
    "No it was Frank's fault, he punched Short Stack and what does this have to do with Spadefoot. I don't understand."
  Tessie and Molly had run for the cover of a nearby rock and were out of harm's way for the moment, only to feel regret that they had not stayed to help out little Louis. 
    "Molly we have to do something, she is going to eat our Louis. Look how she rubs her stomach as she speaks to him."
    "You are so right Tessie. Look at Louis, his eyelids are halved and heavy. He is going under her spell."
    "Do you have any ideas?"
    "Yes, his walking stick and carry-all, the witches mask. We must get it!" clearly stated the bright Molly.
    "How does it work Molly?"
    "I've read about a little black magic in my day, and I believe the wearing of the mask makes the observer or watcher of the mask view what they most long to see. The spider might see an past aberration or oddness that she longs for, like a missing child or parent, or a friend much like Louis did when he thought he saw you in the witches hut."
    "It all makes sense to me Molly, I will distract her for a moment, bring her gaze to me as you get to that carry-all and get that mask from Louis."
    "Let me get to that large rock or there then throw that branch as her, that should do the trick. Louis is going down in flames over there, we better help out and I mean now," said Molly as she darted towards the cover of another large rock.
  Louis and the spider continued to spar.
    "Would you like to at least know my name before you become my latest meal?" asked the spider as she noticed Molly's movement.
    "Yes what is your title? I was going to ask you, but I forgot for some reason."
    "That is because your mind is not yours completely to own. I have become a part of you. I am slowly taking your mind from you, you see it is almost too late already, my spells are too strong."
  The front four green, hairy legs (of the eight) of the considerably sized spider paired up and began to rub against each other making an ear-bending and most dreadful sound, like that of an out of tune double-base cello might make. The sounds were in a lower octave, were oddly melodious, and filled with odium and hate. Louis now swayed along in a syncopated rhythm with the spider in concert. 
  Her death dance was almost complete.
    "My name is...yes my title you ask with your last words. I am a green-legged orb weaver, a harvestman from the Arachnide class, a tree tarantula. Most children that live long enough to know me, know that I answer by the name of Spydos the Spider.
    "Yes Spydos my Master. I am of "The Family" now" said the entranced young boy as he swayed back and forth gently to the awful sounding chords being strummed by the Lord of the Tree "I am at your beckoned call."
  Another dart and then another dash about at the mouth of the cave. Molly finally had reached Louis's carryall. Revealing the witches mask inside she quickly covered her head and face with the disguise. She was instantaneously transmogrified into the spider's wishes and wants but it was too late.
    "It will not be too painful, because you have been prepped; my black magic is very powerful. Meet your maker "Little Bully". Become of "The Family" we are now one and the same, truly evil. When will you ever learn, all your actions have consequences and costs even when you are very young."
  A frontal assault followed. 
  One lethal, wily thrust of the spider's two front serrated fangs, probed deeply into Louis's thin, boney chest. A direct hit surgically implanted. The venom was uploaded into the child as Spydos smiled broadly and widely at Tessie, as she cringed in agony. Tessie crumbled to her feet as she shouted out an ear-shattering scream of pain.
    "No! Stop...Louis...Louis...!”
  Louis's breath escaped him as he submitted to the venom now entering his body on all levels. His mind shut down, his heartbeat subsided, and he became non-pulsed. His willpower finally was broken. The spellbound concert has stopped and the waltz had ended. The wicked spider reared up again on its two back legs, as it chuckled and chortled out in glee. Silk began to cover Louis's body from head to toe as Louis was spun about like a pig on a spit by the spider's two front legs. 
  Molly boldly stepped into the fray, bringing the fight to her and away from Louis for the moment. Louis was gently dropped to the ground as Spydos glanced oddly and intently into the witches mask. Confusion showed on her face, which Tessie and Molly quickly noticed. She was dumbfounded for the first time in her life. Molly did not speak as Tessie regained her composure.
  Molly took a leap of faith inside of an educated guess.
    "Mother it is me. Do you not recognize me?" asked the little witch. 
  Seeing another few moments of puzzlement on the giant spider's face Tessie sprang into action. She sprinted for Louis the best she could, a few quick hops here then there and she was upon him in an instant. Grabbing him by the collar of his jacket, she dragged Louis off towards the entrance of the grand cave. 
    "I know I have been gone a long time, and you thought me dead but I have returned to the world of the living. I miss you so much," said Molly as she coyly approached the bewildered mother.
    "But you were eaten by Draconilla the Vampire Bat. I saw it with my own eyes. It cannot be...how...?"
  Mustering all her courage and strength the clever Molly rubbed up against one of the distraught mother's furry legs, trying to incite lost memories in the beast. Almost fainting from the smell of the spider and the horror of the moment, Molly looked towards the opening of the cave. Louis had been dragged into the grotto and was now out of sight and out of danger. Tessie waved furiously at Molly to run for the safety of the cavernous cave mouth, and the darkness that resided deep inside of the cavern. Not being sure that that was the right choice to take now, Molly's courage began to fail her, her resolve to save Louis was faltering as each moment passed. Becoming confused Tessie called out in a soft voice as the giant spider continued to mull over her lost child.
    "Draconilla my arch enemy, the goliath bat...you were eaten by him so long ago, how can this be?"
  Witch and spider embraced, lost in a misunderstanding. Tessie had to do something because it was now becoming evident that the witches mask's spellbound powers were not commanding enough to work on a creature so large for so long. Fumbling about at the entrance to the cave Tessie reached a monumental conclusion. She ran back into the cave, reappearing with Louis's slingshot in hand. 
  Loose.
  Tessie squarely sent another salvo directly into the grieving mothers' heart. The buckshot hit her in the chest, immediately waking her out of her mystical slumber. 
    "Run Molly...run!!" screamed out Tessie.
  She was away. 
  In the resulting confusion, Molly's foot caught a large twisted root in the ground she stumbled downwards as the witches mask became entangled in a thorn bush. It was ripped off her head, exposing her true intentions to the spider. Panic overcame her, Molly shot right through the open legs of the once again irritated fiend. Shaking off the pain and humiliation of the witch-spell and fraud, the great beast began to put together her payback. Rage entered her mind as Molly finally reached Tessie. Both hugged deeply then turned towards the cave and their deliverance. 
    "Play on my emotions will you? Place a spell upon me will you? You are all fraudsters, cons and swindle artists. Your death is at hand!"
  Tessie and Molly frantically descended down into the depths of the cave and further away from the muted light of the day, all the while dragging Louis the best they could. Spydos entered the mouth of the cave, but suddenly stopped, she recoiled then looked upwards towards the rocky roof as the girls turned back to see why she had come to a sudden halt.
    "Our rescue is at hand, Tessie the slingshot, should you or I?"
    "Is my work ever done? Allow me Molly," said Tessie as she drew down upon her target with the last cat-eye marble of Louis's.
  Scurrying backwards as quickly as possible Trarantulos turned then began to hurry towards the base of the might oak tree. 
  Tessie's aim was perfect, a direct hit on the enormous creature as he hung upside down on the cave ceiling. He was quickly awoken out of a deep slumber, the stinging bite of the slingshot shot lightning bolts of hatred from his eyes. Dropping down off his rocky perch, spreading his grand wings and outstretching his sharp claws he was away towards the cave opening. 
  Scampering feverously back up into the upper branches of the massive tree and towards her thorny wooded lair, Spydos tried frenetically to avoid the rampaging bat. Breaking branches and bones, pain filled yells and screams were heard as the two behemoths began their time tested epic battle once again.
    "Nice shot Tessie. I don't think Louis could have done any better. Now we must drag him deeper into the cave to get him to safety away from both of those creatures, then see how bad his wounds really are. Hopefully our own little wizard has a little more magic up his sleeve than we know about, or we all could be doomed to be a spiders meal, or a become toad in the very near future. This is so awful Tessie, this is my little Louis here..."
    "She did not get that much poison in him, I am almost sure of it. I thought I saw her fangs stop at his jacket. I am not sure, it just happened so fast. And you are so right we have to get away from that flying, blood-sucking monster and that creepy crawling nightmare in the form of that giant spider. They are blocking the only safe way to the surface. Our only option now is to go downwards and forwards," stated Tessie, as she looked at Louis in shock "he has to be OK Molly, he just has to. I feel it, I really do."
  The deeper the three children crossed through and passed downwards into the rocky abyss, the further their hopes faded of finding a way out again. Their home of Centerville, their friends and families never felt so far away before than they did at this moment in time, as time its self-became their enemy. Tessie hopped once, then again twice, witnessed by a hopping Molly after that. Both girls looked at the entranced Louis wrapped in his silky cocoon then looked backwards towards where they had just been. Darkness began to engulf them both as their spirits faded, with the last of the blue moon's light.           
      
 
           

~Chapter 9~
Morrígan the Stone Troll

    "We can't travel any further into the darkness, it is too dangerous Tessie."
    "You're right Molly. What if we strayed off the footpath and fell to our deaths."
    "Think for a minute, why is there even a footpath here? What creatures use this darkness and this pathway to move about down here? Tessie I do not think we are out of danger yet. Let us make a small torchlight, out of some of our clothes. I have a few matches that I found in that cabin a few days ago."
  Fashioning a small flame to see by, the larger cavern came into clearer view. Seeing no immediate danger but still being weary of creatures in the night, Molly spoke out again.
    "We must get Louis off of the path, and tend to his wounds. We have to see how bad he is injured. Look over behind those large outcroppings of rocks to the left there, where the path forks downwards. Let's pull Louis over there."
    "I agree. We should take stock to see if there are any injuries to us as well, also we have to see if we have lost any of our supplies and see what supplies we might have left. We might be down here for a while."
    "You are so right Tessie," said Molly as Louis was dragged towards a cluster of jagged rocks off the beaten path. 
  Tessie found a few dried mosses and a few flammables in their packs. She then built a small fire behind the largest of stones, being careful not to make it too big to be seen throughout the entirety of the cave. Warming her hands and her spirits, she then turned towards Louis. She gently pulled Louis closer to the fire to examine him. Slowly she cut away at the silky wrap that enveloped him then she slipped off his overcoat, his wizard robe, then his cap and shoes.
  He lay as motionless as a dead man in a mortuary. His face was pail and clammy but he was still breathing; long drawn out slow breaths, in then out, in then out, they were steady and sure. 
    "Open his shirt Tessie. We have to see if there is a wound or worse...blood."
    "Look Molly no blood, but there are two puncture wounds, but they do not appear to be too deep.     
    "Molly get Louis's jacket quickly and look in the front pocket," said Tessie as she motioned to the jacket lying nearby. Molly searched about the three front pockets, the two lower and one upper.
    "Tessie how did you know...?" asked Molly.
    "I saw him place that book in his front pocket earlier today when he finished reading it. Look at the bite marks. They fangs went completely through the book from front to back. How lucky was Louis? This means the fangs did not go too deep?"
    "Louis was indeed very lucky, this means that she could not have pumped that much venom into him either and that the wounds are just of the flesh not into the internal organs. Look at the color of his shirt it is white around the pocket and chest. That is her venom. We must clean it off and clean the wound. I will get some clean water out of one of our satchels. We can boil some water over the fire, heat a clean cloth then dress the area," said Molly as she began the task immediately.
  Making Louis as comfortable as possible on some dry moss and soft dirt, Tessie then tried to comfort Louis the best she could. Molly stoked the small fire, boiled some water in the little kettle next she softly tended to Louis. After a few moments of care Tessie and Molly both felt they had done all they could to soothe Louis in his moment of troubles.  
  Molly now began to prepare another small pot of soup as Tessie tried to bring Louis back to the world of living, but she could not. He laid still well into the night.
    "We've done all we could Tessie. The fire will warm his body and sleep will invigorate his mind. We can keep the soup simmering. When he wakes we can try to feed him at that time."
    "We must get some sleep as well Molly, but one of us has to stand guard. Anything could happen in this place. Trarantulos could come seeking revenge again, or Draconilla the Vampire Bat might realize that someone has entered his den. I will take the first watch Molly."
    "No Tessie I must take the first watch while the fire is the brightest. I am going read this book of Mr. Beamer's. Until Louis wakes, we are at the mercy of our ignorance. Louis was prepared for this place and that...as silly as it sounds...is the truth. He has read most of both of those books by now. He has gotten us this far, so far. I truly believe that when he wakes he will get us back home to the warmth of our beds. However, I have to try something Tessie. I just have to."
  Motioning for Tessie to lay down next to Louis, Molly covered her and Louis up with another cloth blanket. None of their supplies had gone missing. Molly had grabbed Louis's carryall bag before she had darted for the cover of the cave. Still having enough supplies for a few more days, both of the girls felt that their plans for the time being were the correct ones. 
  Tessie immediately fell into an un-restful sleep, as Louis rested deeply. The black magic streaming through his veins had not thinned yet. The ever-vigilant Molly opened up Louis's book of magic with an open mind. She read as the others sleep, trying to understand all she could, as quickly as she could. Her life and the life of her two friends depended on it. She knew this as a truth. Periodically Molly kept her eyes fixed on the nearby pathway and rocky outcroppings hiding them, making sure all were safe. 
  The hours fell by as Tessie and Louis slept.
  Eventually stirring Tessie took the watch for Molly, allowing Molly the well-earned rest she needed. Stoking the small fire and nibbling on some dried venison Tessie's watch was un-eventful as well until a loud noise at the far side of the massive grotto awoken Molly.
    "What was that sound Tessie? Cover the flames of the fire with dirt."
    "I don't know Tessie. It sounded like an avalanche at the far side of the cave, over in that direction.
  Peering around a large rock that was hiding them Molly searched about in the diminish light for answers none were found.
    "It just shows we are not alone down here. Other creatures live in this cave. We must be quiet," said Molly.
    "You are so right, we must stay where we are for the time being, until whatever that was passes."
    "Listen Tessie, quite" whispered Molly.           
 Both girls crouched under the gathering of rocks as a cluster of clunky, footstep closed down upon them, from afar at first, then closer. Heavy breathing, a loud snort, and a muffled grunt were heard as the living thing lumbered down the nearby pathway. 
  The creature paused to lick at the air. 
  Molly's air escaped her quivering lungs.
 Tessie quietly wheezed, as she tried to inhale the air, she could not.
  The beast sneezed violently, which rattled loose a few rocks at Molly's feet. She almost stumbled out of her hiding place forwards into the pathway, only to be held back by Tessie.
  Another lick, then a sniff at the air the beast was away again unwary of the horrified children hidden at his feet. His outsized wooden club smashed at another rock in the pathway as he rambled off, zigzagging downwards into a deep void. 
    "Was that...that...?"
    "Tessie it was...Morrígan the Stone Troll. My god did you see him Tessie...did you?"
    "I could not Molly. I was too afraid to look, I was afraid to be found out. Did you see him...?" asked the little girl as she shook uncontrollably.
    "Hug me Tessie and don't let go."
  Both looked toward the motionless Louis.
    "I saw him Tessie. He was massive, hairy and revolting to look at. Could you smell him?"
    "I did, it was overpowering. I almost screamed out. Molly hold me help me stop the shaking."      
    "He was a brute if I ever saw one. He was sixty feet tall or more and his legs were thicker than an elephants. He was covered in matted hair and his knotted nose was bent sideways. And the smell Tessie, it was worse than Louis's socks, if you can believe that."
  Trying to smile, Tessie could not she was filled with horror.
    "Calm your shaking. He has passed now and most likely will not come back again. Maybe he just patrols the caves here and goes past every occasionally. Never mind that, we must get Louis to awaken. We cannot fight this beast alone and we cannot drag Louis any further. He has to arouse from his current state of the semi-dead or un-dead. Alternatively, from whatever state he is in. I read Mr. Beamer's book last night, if it was nighttime, I do not know. Anyway, the adder stone Louis carries, it has healing powers. Where is it Tessie?" asked the take charge Molly.
   "It should be in his carry-all or in his wizard robe pocket," said Tessie as her uncontrollable shaking began to dwindle.
  Quickly searching about Louis's belongings, the adder stone was discovered. As it was brought into the muffled light of the cave, it began to oddly glow, at first a brilliant oft-colored yellow, then an awe-inspiring green, a diluted pink, then a bright orange color. The lights given off oscillated alternative colors until settling upon a deep azure blue. Placing it onto Louis's lap, it brightened that much more. The out of the ordinary stone began to vibrate in his lap as a low monotone hum could now be heard emanating from its core. Tessie and Molly jumped backwards from the sights and sounds.
    "Our Louis must be a real wizard Molly, look at the magic he commands."
    "I agree, I have never seen anything like that before in my life, and surely never will again.
    "Nor will me."
    "Look he is stirring. I saw his fingers move there, look."   
     "I see it as well Molly. Can you believe what we are witnessing?" 
  The bright lights of the adder stone dulled then deliberately faded out as Louis opened one blurry eye, then the next. Rubbing at his face, he tried to speak.
    "Well welcome back into the world of the living, little wizard" said the joyous Molly as she helped her friend sit up.
  Rubbing a damp cloth across his forehead Tessie spoke. 
    "Louis the Red, Louis the Fairy Circle Tender, you are back with us, back with the soon to be two little toads. Are you sure, you want to come out of your sleep after all. The sight will not be pretty, pretty soon." She gave Louis a grand-sized hug after Molly was done covering him with kisses.
    "Well we have this all backwards Molly," said the smiling Louis.
    "Why is that Louis?"
    "You are supposed to kiss a toad then he becomes a prince, not kiss a prince who will soon become a toad. So I think I can hang out with you soon to be, two old toads, heck I will fit right in."
    "You know you will always be my prince Louis; there is no one like you Louis, no one. I do love you, you know," said Molly as she again embraced her Louis.
    "I love you to, you old toad," said the self-amused Louis.
  Giving Louis a few more squeezes and kisses was just what the two girls and Louis needed. It was a grand and heartfelt reunion amongst good friends. Molly re-lit the fire, being sure to keep it small enough not be discovered. She then heated up the remains of the venison soup. Drinking deeply from one of the satchels of water, warming from the fire's heat, and cleaning up a bit, Louis's appetite returned, along with his desire to know what had just happened to him.
    "The last thing I remember girls was standing in front of that awful spider. We were sparing then all went blank. What happened, and how did we get into this cave here?"
    "You saved our lives Louis. You gave us time to escape the deathly bite of that creature. You allowed us to slip into the cave opening. That gave Molly enough time to render another plot to save all three of us Louis. However, it was really you. It was your plan all along was it not? You took a direct bite in the chest for us, but your wizard books took the blunt of the bite. She was only able to get a little venom in you. Then your adder stone brought you back to life. You knew this would happen did not you. All along, you planned this Louis. You are indeed a great wizard, just look at the magical smiles you've placed upon our faces just now."
    "You are so kind Tessie. This toad look, it is a good look for you. Those moles are very "now". That look will be sweeping the fashion world soon enough" said the now evermore smiling and witty Louis "by the way I told you I was a great wizard. Great wizards and magicians don't ever tell how they pull off their tricks, so I guess you will really never know what I planned, or did not plan, but anyway so now you finally believe me that I am a great wizard?"
    "Yes we believe you Louis," said a relieved Tessie.
    "Yes we believe you Louis, you are a great wizard, but just how great still needs to be proven. We still need to get us out of this cave. And we still have to find Chug and Short Stack. By the way, Louis while you were lost in your dream world under the spell of that green-legged orb weaver Spydos the Spider, Morrígan the Cave Troll, or a Stone Troll, just strolled by heading south. Downwards to what appears to be towards the center of the cave and his possible home," said Molly as she pointed towards the pathway downhill ahead of them.
    "Was he a horrible creature? What are we up against Molly?"
    "Sixty foot tall and as thick as a hippo he was Louis. All muscle; no brains. Two-fisted trouble, a dangerous combination he is. Nevertheless, just a minute Louis, I also forgot to tell you there was a giant vampire bat called Draconilla that lives in this cave as well. He was at least one story tall with serrated fangs about a foot long that appeared to be venomous. As we dragged you off to safety Spydos and that vampire bat, we last heard them fighting up in Spydos's lair, up in that huge tree."
    "It just gets worse and more dangerous with every step we take."
    "Yes it does Louis. Now take Draconilla the Vampire Bat and Spydos the Spider and roll them both together, this is how formidable and fearsome this Morrígan the Stone Troll appears to be. I hope you have some more magic up your sleeve because we sure are going to need it," stated Molly.
    "Yep Louis, she sure is right. I hope you have a few more tricks and some more fine trickery because we have a long way to go still before we get out of this mess," added Tessie.
    "Well I guess you are both going to have to just trust me. I am starting to believe in myself and I wish you two would as well, it sure would make things easier." 
    "Alright Louis as we just said, Yes we believe you Louis, now what?" asked Tessie.
    "Yes we believe you Louis, now what?" asked Molly.
  Looking up the pathway then down the pathway Louis quietly thought for a moment.
    "If we go backwards, back out of the cave we will have been defeated, and we will not be able to go home, plus Spydos the Spider and Draconilla the Vampire Bat may still await us. We have Morrígan ahead of us, which we will fair no better, but we have to be strong. Chug and Short Stack's life are in our hands and forwards not backwards is the only way to go back home. Is that not true of life in general? Always move forwards."
  Louis's resolve and determination gave support to the others. Holding the adder stone in one hand, partially covering it to mute the light Louis took a step downwards deeper into the cave. Louis had stated the obvious and the correct solution. Moving slowly forwards and keeping to the well-worn pathway all three continued down the rocky pathway. 
  The heat and humidity rose the deeper they descended, making the travel more difficult and tiresome. The cavern opened then closed before them, the pathway narrowed and widened as the hours passed by. A slow moving black stream wrapped along the path then disappeared as quickly as it had formed. They dare not to drink the infected, brooding waters for fear of disease. A few small rodents and flying creatures were out and about them but none approached the odd colored lights of the adder stone and the bumbling trio invading their domain. 
    "How much further do you think Louis? We have been walking for hours on end."
    "Tessie do you hear that wind? The air is fresher now and not as heavy and I hear water rushing."
    "Yes I hear water rushing as well. Look the cave is widening up ahead" said Molly as they approached a blind curve in the road "and you are right Louis the air is getting cleaner."
  Peering around a large boulder a considerable grotto opened up ahead of them. Looking upwards towards the upper reaches of the roof the blue moons daylight could be seen shining down, as water trickled downwards the length of the walls surrounding them. Cupping both of his hands Louis filled them to the top. Drinking deeply from the fresh mountain water enlivened his spirits; he motioned for the others to fill their bellies as well. Louis extinguished the adder stone's light. He gently placed the cherished stone into an interior pocket for safety.
    "Before we expose ourselves into the hazy daylight we should rest and plan our next move," said Louis.
    "Good idea, I am very tired," added Molly as Tessie sat down on a small flat rock nearby.
    "Yes, that is a very good idea Louis."
  Louis found a comfortable perch next to Molly as he opened up his carryall to find a bite to eat. After offering up a bite to eat to the two girls, he looked about the entirety of the opening in the rocky cave.
    "It appears that we will be able to crawl up those rocks and that bluff over there. We can reach the roof and escape this cave from that point," said Louis as he gave them both another handful of dried beef.
    "What is this place Louis? Look towards that far corner over there by that large pond of water. I believe I see a small fire burning behind that large rock. I can smell the fire now. Can you? Moreover, look over even further than that into that area over there; it looks like a large den or bed. See the moss, twigs, and leaves. That looks like a large bed of some sort," queried a bewildered Molly.
    "Look to the left over in that direction, I see an animal pen. Look two goats, a small mutton, a small unicorn and a few pigs, they are being held captive. Louis what is this place?" asked Tessie who was just as dumbfounded as the other two were "is this place a home for...?"
    "I think we all know this place is Morrígan's home, he must live here. This is another way he passes through into the upper world. Through that opening in the roof. That is his bed and his food supply. And look Spydos the Spider has been here, there is something in a cocoon hanging above the animal pen or else this cave troll is a thief and has robbed her of a meal. It's about six foot long and it is slowly moving it must still be alive. Maybe that is to be his next meal?" added Louis as he shuddered at the thought of himself being Morrígan's next meal. 
    "Louis I thought we were to find Short Stack or Chug here. You said Atamo the Astral Fairy and your other friends said one of them would be here with Morrígan and the other would be with Hydrarchos the Water Serpent at the base of Morpeth Mountain, and that they would be held captive until you killed the land draug."
    "Good point Molly...,” said Tessie.
    "No...no...!" cried out Molly.
    "What...what's wrong Molly?"
    "Tessie, Louis take a look at that cocoon again. It is about the size of a medium-sized boy in thickness and length and it is still alive. You don't think that could be...could be...?"
    "No!"
    "Yes Louis that could be our Chug. We have to be sure. We have to go look before we leave through the roof. What if it is him?" asked Molly.
    "But what if it is not? What if it is another horrid creature and we cut it loose, and it is hungry and eats us? What then...?" asked Tessie.
    "You are both right but we can't leave here without knowing. It's plain and simple we have to check. My new friends I made in this world would not lead me astray, and I would never forgive myself for the not knowing. This is my best friend we are talking about this is our Chug! In addition, I believe that we all came into this strange underworld together at the same time, through that wormhole, and I believe that we all have to leave at the same time. I just have a theory or a hunch. I will explain later," said Louis.
    "Well were not leaving without Chug no matter what, so what is the plan wizard?" asked Molly.
    "We will follow your lead Louis the Wizard, whip up some more magic and get us all out of here alive. Can you...?" requested Tessie.
    "Time to be downright wizardly again; I've got an idea. First off we have to get up to where that animal pen is then find a way to reach that cocoon hanging overhead without being seen by that cave troll. Then we have to get out of that roof into daylight again."
    "Sounds good Louis but wait..."
    "What is it Tessie...?"
    "Do you hear footsteps again...?"
    "All I hear is your pounding heart Tessie!"
    "Well get your head off of my chest then."
    "I'm two feet away from you Tessie. Calm down."
    "Girls I hear footsteps as well."
  Placing one ear upon the ground Louis listened intently.
    "Louis I don't think you need to do that" said Molly.
    "This is an Indian trick..."
    "Well I've got an Indian trick for you Louis."
    "Quiet Molly I'm working here..."
    "I suggest we run like an Indian on the warpath because there's sixty foot of trouble stampeding down this pathway right toward us.
  All looked upwards as Spydos the Spider dropped out of the opening in the roof on a thick silk thread. Right behind her Draconilla the Vampire Bat shot through the opening as well. 
  The epic battle continued.
  With both wings tucked tightly into his sides in an apparent death-spiral, Draconilla cut the thick silk thread attached to her behind with one of his large front fangs. Before Spydos could reach the bottom of cave safely, she was sent freefalling, wheeling and spinning about out of control. As she tumbled downwards, she shot out another sticky thread catching Draconilla in mid-flight on one wing. As both came crashing downwards towards the unforgiving, rocky earth below Morrígan the Stone Troll in a mad dash flew past the three shaky souls in hiding. His knotted wooden club smashed at the earth as he charged into his lair. Full of rage and hatred he flew off a massive boulder nearby. Going airborne, he slammed into the two mighty creatures. As all three hit the rocky ground below Louis yelled out.
    "Let's go! We have to get to that animal pen, check that cocoon and get out of here while they are fighting. It's our only hope."
  Grabbing Molly's hand Louis pulled at her with all his might, trying to get her to move. Molly froze in place as the epic battle developed in front of her. Molly became as unmovable as a pyramid in Egypt; Tessie gathered her wits about her and her courage. Now seeing Molly transfixed and awestruck, she had no choice; she slapped Molly in the face with all her might.
    "Run Molly...!” screamed out Tessie as she now grabbed Molly's other hand. 
  Both pulled at the horrified little girl. Scrambling toward the mighty fight was all they could do. Spydos shot another silky web, hitting Morrígan in the legs. This sent him plummeting into Draconilla. All three crashed into each other once again, as cries of pain and hatred rang out between them.
  Upon reaching the animal pen and out of harm's way for the moment Louis looked upwards towards the tightly threaded cocoon, about ten feet above his head. He called out "Chug, is that you...? Chug...? Chug...?"
  No answer.
    "Grab this pocket knife Tessie. Molly onto my shoulders then Tessie you climb onto hers, reach up there and cut that thing down" demanded Louis.
  Morrígan raised his mighty wooden club over his head with a free arm. He sent an almighty warning of things to come as the club narrowly missed its intended target. Draconilla the Vampire Bat lived to see another day as he bit down with a settling of scores on Morrígan's right leg. The Stone Troll ripped at the attacker with his other off hand. He snapped one of the enormous bat's fangs in half. Raising the serrated, broken tooth high in the air he slashed downwards with another mighty forceful stoke, the shattered tooth drove deep into the chest of Tranantulos the Orb weaver. Blood flowed freely out of her chest as death cries filled the empty void of the cave. The life-light of the fierce creature dulled as her hateful venom for the good in the world seeped slowly from her body.
    "Look out below called out Tessie, as the wrapped package, fell softly to the ground. Bouncing off the soft ground below, then rolling onto its back, a pained grunt was heard from the inside. Two pigs, the goats, the mutton and a small furry animal that none recognized broke free of the wooden pen, flying over a low-lying fence, they were away towards freedom. As Tessie jumped down off Molly's shoulders Molly tumbled down into Louis's welcoming arms. 
    "Now let's cut off those threads and let's see what's in there," said Louis as he reached for the knife.
  Cutting at, around and about the shoulders of the entombed Louis he began to surgically remove each thick silky thread. Looking over her shoulder Tessie spoke out, "You better hurry Louis. Morrígan has the upper edge. Spydos looks mortally wounded and Draconilla has two broken fangs and a ripped wing. We don't have much time, he will turn his wrath and attention towards us soon enough. We are stealing his dinner and he's not going to like that, so we could be on the replacement menu soon enough."
    "I am hurrying Tessie. I don't want to cut too deep into the threads. I cannot make a mistake or I cut into the flesh." 
  At the back of the animal pen the soft earth rose up a few feet then scattered outwards, "Hi there wizard, out of magic yet? Or do you need my help?"
    "Digger...you are back!”
    "Yes it is I, the thief and burglar, the one and only!"
    "Louis you have met many strange friends here in strange this world. What's next a talking panther?" asked the startled Molly.
    "That's another storied journey you will be on one day. But today is for talking rabbits" chimed in the clever rabbit.
    "I don't have time for you now rabbit. We have to find out what is in this cocoon and then go missing," said Louis as he finally exposed what lay beneath the finely woven sheath.
  Chug was exposed.
  He did not blink.
  His mind was blank.
    "Chug it's you! I found you at last!" cried out Louis as he began to ball tears of joy. 
    "Our Chug! You did it Louis! You found him...!" yelled out Tessie. 
    "Is he breathing Louis?" asked Molly "can you believe it is really him. We must be away quickly. Look Morrígan has now beaten down Draconilla. Both of his wings are shattered. He is trying to fly away. We have only moments Louis. What's next?"
    "Are you going to be in need my services to gain your salvation Louis? You don't think you are going to crawl up that spider web hanging from the roof above us with your good as dead friend do you?" asked the know it all wry rabbit.
    "He's breathing. Quick Molly the adder stone that will do it, it cures spider bites. Like it did for me, it will cure our Chug." 
  Pulling the adder stone back out of his front pocket, he placed it gently on Chug's lap. It began to oscillate offsetting colors of blue, oranges, greens and reds, finally settling into a once and again hypnotic azure blue. The odd colored bright light backscattered about the cave lighting up the foursomes that were hidden in plain view.
  Chug blinked twice then completely opened his soft blue, warm eyes. He licked at his dry lips and tried to speak, but he could not. He was still not clear of the evil venom circulating inside of his veins.
    "This would be a good time to formulate an escape plan Louis. There is a thick-headed, blood-thirsty, moronic ruffian looking right at us Louis and he's trying to lick his dry lips as well," said Molly as she stood up in alarm.
    "Well, are you going to need my help little wizard or not?" asked Digger again.
    "Not now Digger, I'm thinking."
  Tessie grabbed the knife out of Louis's hand. She cut feverously at the rest of the silk thread, finally freeing Chug completely. The adder stone still resonated and glowed, as it began to vibrate and hum as loudly as before. 
    "He's getting better, his eyes are clearer, Louis look" called out Molly as Chug smiled widely, showing his large front teeth.
    "Has the game started yet?" asked Chug as his mind tried to fathom his reality. 
    "Were not in Centerville Chug and you not in a baseball game" said Tessie as she slapped Chug on the face to try to help him gain his senses like Molly just had.
  Chug reached at his stinging face, smiling less.
    "Stop slapping everyone Tessie," said Molly as Louis smiled oddly at all three. 
    "What now wizard, bad company is coming in the form of a freight train with hairy legs," added Digger.
    "Let me think! Let me think!” screamed out Louis.
  Digger shot for his burrow as the hairy-legged stone troll leaped, sprang and bounded for the animal pen and towards his next meal. 
    "Louis we are almost out of time...Louis! Louis!” screamed out the terrified Molly. Tessie grabbed Molly by the waist as she began to shake uncontrollably, filled with fear.
    "Follow me into my burrow it is the only way out...hurry!" called out Digger as he widened the burrow opening that much more. Chug stood on his feet, still not knowing what to make of his surroundings.
    "Chug quickly run towards the rabbit hole!" shouted out Molly as she grabbed at Tessie and Chug. She frantically began to drag them towards the only way to sure freedom. Louis now seeing the only way out was as Digger commanded reached into his lower front pocket. He groped the inside of the pocket as quickly as a darting tongue from a viper snake. Swiftly grabbing Mr. Beamer's quagga-tail switch he pointed it upwards towards the rocky ceiling above. 
  The Great Wizard in training shouted out at the tops of his lungs:

 Widdershins, Widdershins, a Widdershins night
all the children dance and shout, circle left nine times yes we do

Quagga-tail switch, 
abide and heed my callings

Ceiling falling 
your powers I'm calling

Seal the way shut for now
qugga-tail switch show me how
   
 Two strong white lightning bolts shot out from the wooden tip, directly striking a massive boulder hanging dangerously above where Louis was standing. Two deafening thunderbolts echoed throughout the entire length of the cavernous cave, shaking loose rock and debris, raining it down upon the charging beast. Louis stumbled backwards away from danger as Digger reappeared. Jumping as high as he could Digger slammed his two oversized furry feet squarely into Louis's slender chest. The blunt force blow spun Louis into the opening of the rabbit burrow, and away from danger.
  Looking upwards, Morrígan the Stone Troll of Northumberland, with his last days on earth flashing before his eyes tried to dodge his fate but could not. A massive boulder cracked his thick skull, sending him to his not so clever demise. 
  He appeared to be dead before he hit the ground mind, body, and soul. 
  Digger looked rearward before he disappeared into the safety of his burrow. He let it be known Morrígan's termination and meaning in his own sly and knowledgeable way. He blinked twice, twitched his nose side to side once then a wily and crafty smile cross his angelic and very adorable face.  
  The small rabbit burrow closed shut behind Digger's furry tail, as the last of Digger's feet covered the only way back to salvation for: Hot Tamale Molly, The Little Wizard in Training, the right fielder for the Centerville Giants Chug Martin, and for Tessie Whitman whose dad owes the local Five and Dime store. 




~Chapter 10~
The Journey to Morpeth Falls and the Möjebro Runestone

  The travel inside of Digger's undersized rabbit tunnel was long-drawn-out and difficult. The adder stone...carried by Louis...lit the way giving some comfort to all. However, Digger was only able to burrow and mine, so fast, for so long. It took the better part of two hours for them to reach the surface above Morrígan's now entombed lifeless body.
  Upon exiting the earthen passageway Digger was the first to witness the supple lights radiating off the blue moon draped overhead. As the small planet oscillated in position over Northumberland, the Northumbria Mountains and snow covered mount Morpeth the moon reflected and irradiated blue hues and grey shades spreading outwards and external over the land, giving this strange world an odd position in all things greater.
  Shaking off their past experiences and filth from the Caves of Morpeth everyone was reassured and calmed by the warm moonlight and clean air circulating around them. Hugs and kisses flourished as each and everybody was thankful for Digger's and Louis's courage and cleverness in saving all from sure death. Chug had shaken off the ill effects of the venomous bite from Spydos the Spider and was tutored along the long journey through Digger's tunnel by Louis as to their pickle.
  Giving Chug another hug on the surface, Louis was the first to speak out, "Chug I cannot tell you how lucky we were to find you in that awful place. Thanks to Molly's keen eyesight, we were able to find you. And I want to thank you Digger especially. You have been a good friend. One day I hope to repay your kindness."
    "Louis you do not have to thank me. It is understood by good friends that kindness does not always have to be registered and noted. It's natural for us two. I do one good deed a day usually, it just a way of life for me, but I guess being around you as much as I have been lately, I just have to do a few more good deeds for you than for my other friends, if you know what I mean?" understated Digger.
  Giving Digger another hug all joined as one on the inside joke at Louis's expense.
    "I have to go see my family again Louis. Túngarar Spadefoot is allowing me to visit with them regularly for the first time in a long time. I do not know if I will see you in the immediate future in this world. He has other tasks for me now. But know I will see you again in this underworld another time Louis, it has been written. That will be another story, but trust me we will meet. Just only, trust as far as you can, and always remember I was born a thief and a burglar. I have to go back to Centerville now and pinch some more vegetables from Mr. Beamer's garden. I will let your parents know that you are just fine. I will let all of your parents know that you are all fine. Trust Me," said Digger as he started to thump his feet upon the ground in a fevered state.
    "What do you mean, "it is written" and that "you will see me again inside of this underworld", I have to know Digger what...wait...what are you talking about..." asked a now troubled Louis.
    "That question will be answered on another day. I can say no more. I will say hello to all your parents. Now all take care and be safe everyone. Louis primarily always try to remember that fire and ice does not mix. Good bye all!" said Digger as his natural desire to dig again took over his two large feet. He was away, beneath Northumberland before another word could be said by anyone.
    "What does that mean fire and ice does not mix Molly," asked the puzzled Louis.
    "I don't know any more than you do Louis. I did try to read your books, the ones you carry but there was no mention of that," said Molly.
    "Digger is gone but we did get Chug back," said Tessie.
    "Yes back to Chug. Chug I cannot tell you how lucky we were to find you. When we first saw you hanging from that ceiling, we were not sure if that was you, then when we found out it was we thought you were doomed that you were a zombie."
    "I guess I was a zombie. Being embalmed and ending up in a foul beastly stomach is no way to go through life. And from what you told me about this place, everyone is out to eat us kids alive. Let's see who's hungry, there is: Noctuid The Black Witch, Draconilla the Vampire Bat, Morrígan the Stone Troll and Spydos the Spider, is that it so far?" asked Chug.
    "Not even close Chug, there are tadpoles in the lakes and streams here that are the size of full-grown, adult-sized ocean manta rays, there are land draugs, Minotaur’s, flying dragons, oversized snakes, Sleagh Maith fairies,  brawlies, bug-eyed toads, you name it Chug. This place has it all. Were lucky we've made it this far. And as I told you before we still have to find Short Stack, then I've got to go to the city of Elphame where Elphen the White Queen lives in Hagby tower and kill her." 
    "Speaking of tadpoles Louis we have to ask Chug if...if..." stated a worried Molly.
    "She's correct Louis, Chug, we forgot to look..." chimed in Tessie.
    "Look for what..."
    "Chug please pull up your pants legs and sleeves," asked Louis.
    "Why...?"
    "Just do it Chug."
  Sitting down on a nearby rock Chug was compelled to please. He slowly lifted the cuffs of his pants, then his sleeves of his fairy outfit.
    "Him as well Louis" said Molly as she began to cry along with Tessie "he has been bitten as well."
    "I'm so sorry Chug we thought it was just us..." added Tessie between sobs.
    "What are they talking about Louis?"    
    "You are to be an Ogbanje like we will soon be. You were bitten by one of Spadefoot's spies."
    "What...? I'm going to be a what...?"
    "Chug we have all been bitten and soon we will all turn into undertoads, we will be one of Spadefoot's children soon, Ogbanje is a term meaning "child who comes and goes" meaning you are now a changeling, you have the same warts, moles and growths as we do. You have to rub some mugwort plant on your arms and legs, and make a broth of the rest. It will slow the growths and heal the bite marks there."
    "Louis what have you gotten us into...?"
    "I know Chug I have had this conversation with the two girls already. Molly use what I have left of the mugwort plant and cook us up another batch of magic for us all. I have to talk with Chug. I have to tell him the whole truth." 
    "We have all been through a lot the last few hours and days, we are all tired. Louis let's build a fire, make another shelter and stay at the foot of mount Morpeth for the night. Then in the morning we can move on to the next task, of finding Short Stack."
    "Good idea Molly" said Louis.
    "Yes good idea Molly. I need a bath and a hot meal," said Tessie.
  Picking up what supplies they had left everyone headed towards a natural occurring shelter found directly in front of them about a hundred yards down the road. A large rock overhung a small grassy flat clearing, which made for a good shelter. 
  Louis gathered an abundance of dry firewood, stacking it neatly under the rocky outcropping at a far back wall. Then Louis was off again, rooting about the clearing and a nearby streambed to find ingredients for a soup; basil, parsley, rosemary, tubers, wild potatoes and a few other herbs were found to the joys of the others. Molly began to brew another mugwort magical brew as Tessie began to cook the vegetables provided by Louis. Chug went about arranging fresh green leaves, soft grasses and dry mosses to make a few comfortable beds for the night.
  As the soul-warming soup simmered over the open fire in a small cooking pot, Molly finished cooking her magical stew. 
    "It will taste terrible Chug but it slows the venom from the tadpoles from taking complete hold of your mind and body, and it will slow the physical effects of the bite, and future swelling. I am only guessing but I figure that you were bitten the same day that you arrived here as we all were," stated Louis as he motioned for Chug and the others to drink down a soul saving cup full of magic. Chug rubbed part of the wild root over the bite on the top of one foot. The strange plant and healthful magic immediately diminished and began to clear the growths in a noticeable fashion of all infected collectively at once and each one individually. 
    "Is this the last of the magic Molly?" asked Tessie as she finished her dosage.
    "Yes Tessie. Unless we can find some more of this supernatural plant then this will have to be enough until we can reach the surface of our world again. Hopefully this magic will keep us going till then" said Molly as she as well drank the last of her agreed upon amount.
    "I plan to be out of here in a few days Molly as we all do, so that should be enough magic. If not I am sure we can find some more mugwort plant in the area. So don't worry. Let's all just enjoy the moon setting and the evening if we can. We have a safe place to sleep tonight and we just benefitted from a great meal cooked by Tessie, so let's try to relax the best we can" said Louis as he pointed outwards at the moon hanging low in the Northumberland sky.
  As the slumbering moon began to wane over the Northumbia Mountains, the air began to chill. The sky was clear except for a few distant thunderclouds looming off in the coldness, as intermittent thunderclaps echoed out off the nearby mountains. Bright sheet lightening cracked out above horizontally where they sat. Louis stoked the small fire while Tessie cleaned up the campsite after dinner. Chug was sitting by the entrance to the encampment lost deep in thought about all that had recently happened. Molly and Tessie wrapped a few cotton blankets around themselves to ward off the evening's chill, then...as only two good girlfriends could do...they went off into deep conversation for the night. Heading towards Chug Louis as well began an insightful conversation.
    "It is a beautiful world at times."
    "Yes it is Louis," said the reflective and somber Chug "from what I have seen of it today it could be even more beautiful if only a sun would shine here, there is only blue moonlight."
    "The sun could shine here again in this land, if the dark curse from Noctuid the Black Witch and the one from the White Queen could be broken. I drove off Noctuid deeper into Bramble Forest but she is still alive, and her curse lives on, she will most likely return one day. As for the White Queen we shall see."
    "What are we doing here Louis, what is point of all of this suffering and unhappiness?"
    "Chug so much has happened since we arrived here. You were lost from us for almost four days. The days and nights you spent in that cocoon must have been the worst of your life. I understand that as a truth. Molly and Tessie were also sent anyway into harm's way. I was not. I believe I was spared, that I was to be a part of the salvation of this land, if it was planned or not I am not sure. 
  Now I have been sent on a wicked errand by Túngarar Spadefoot to do his evil work for him. I was to go directly to Hagby Tower and defeat his enemy. I did not. He did not know that I had the courage to defeat his evil friends and free my friends during the process. Once I knew you were all here in this world with me, I just had to free you all first. He challenged me, he dared me to fail and I have been successful so far."
    "But we are still trapped here and Short Stack has not been found yet, so in reality you have not fully been as successful as you think."
    "That is correct Chug. Now I have the three of you to help me. We have been friends for so long and we must stay together on this. Just like when Frank Fatbottom attacked me during Walpurgis Night, you and my other friends were there to help me. It seems like it is still us against the world, even in this new strange world. It is as the same thing is going on here. I have a theory about what is going, but I need to fill in a few more blanks before I know, before I truly know this to be a self-evident truth, or in fact the reality you see."
    "Can I help you fill in the blanks?" asked Chug as he turned to face Louis directly.
    "Yes you can. Remember when I was tending the fairy circle when Molly showed up?"
    "Yes, and what about it?"
    "You took a swim, she came and left, we had lunch then you took a nap."
    "And...?"
    "You told me you saw tadpoles in the watering-hole and that they seemed to be very large. And you said you saw a large very ugly, and some kind of strange animal, you thought it to be an outsized beaver. Do you remember that as well?"
    "Yes. I don't get the connection..."
    "There are tadpoles like that all over this place. One of those bit you and other bit us. And I saw and even talked to a large ugly, strange looking creature, a beaver at a watering hole that looked a lot like our own watering hole. There were weeping willow trees all around the shoreline, a large clearing and what looked like a rock quarry at one end. Then I saw strange footprints in the mud inside of the fairy circle like those that a big toad might make. They were large webbed prints and they were everywhere. I am just saying. Do you think there is a correlation or a link to what is going on down here and up in Centerville?" asked Louis.
    "That is pretty far-reaching don't you think. I mean to think that these two worlds are linked together. Do you have any other evidence or any other thoughts on the matter?" 
    "Yes I do. Doesn't Frank Fatbottom always wear his initials on his sweaters? FFJ is on everything he wears right?"
    "Yes that is right I have seen them, where are you going with this?"
    "Just another thought, when I entered Bramble Forest the sign above the entrance read: Bramble Forest enter at your own risk. Home of FFJ, witches, hobgoblins, trolls and other unpleasant creatures."
    "Continue...Louis." 
    "You were dressed as a hobgoblin or a Sleagh Maith Hairy fairy, same things are here. I am a child wizard those also reside here from what an elf told me. There are supposed Leprechauns that live here, I am sure of it. I am not sure about Noctuid the Black Witch who Molly and Tessie were originally with, when I found them but I have idea who or what that is. I need to think on that one still. Who or what is FFJ Chug, are you understanding what I am asking and saying?"
    "You are really reaching Louis. You do not have enough facts yet to think like that. The consequences are too great and there are way too many differences in both of these worlds?"
    "That is why I must find Short Stack besides just getting him free and saving him. He saw Frank Fatbottom the day before the Widdershins dance in clear detail during the daylight, just this last time he was in town. You only saw him at midnight in all that confusion, during the fight. But I saw Frank at the large oak tree in the center of town the day of the Widdershins dance. I saw FFJ initials hanging around Frank's neck. I have questions for Short Stack that might finally solve this mess." 
    "Will we find him tomorrow?"
    "We should from all my calculation and by the map we have been following so far. We have a day's march to the very base of Morpeth Mountain. Where an ancient passageway is blocked by an immense waterfall. It supplies by a large wooden dam above. We are to find Short Stack there, somewhere. So let us get back inside for now, get our own blankets, warm up by the fireside and get some much-needed sleep. It has been a long day."
    "Yes it has Louis...a very long day. Will we survive this Louis...will we?" asked a bothered Chug as he looked outwards once again. The last of the blue moon finally disappeared from view behind Mount Morpeth.
    "We will survive this Chug. I am starting to have a plan...a good plan..."
    "I know you do Louis...I know you do, that is what worries me the most..." said the now smiling Chug. Both looked out of the safety of their hiding place for the night, now both being a better person because of their understanding of each other and their true, never-ending friendship.

*

  A light, gently blowing snowfall greeted the brand new day's awakening. Looking through the breaking dawn's light then upwards, a few lone blue snow geese could be seen soaring southwards riding on the windy updrafts created by the nearby ice covered mountain slopes.
    "Are they flying away from something bad or flying towards something good, or are they just taking pleasure in another day Louis. Or are they really just going nowhere and will be consumed with nothingness inside of this world, inside of their time and space, much like we might be soon?"
    "It's hard to tell Molly. They are a lot like us, are they not? Are we running to something or away from something? That is to be observed soon enough, but I know one thing. I don't know how much joy we can find in today or our future days with who we are now?"
    "I think we are running forwards to find the truth of who we are and what we will become when we grow up. What kind of person do we really want to be? I think we are running from what we were, what we had become" said a regretful Molly "we should be disappointed in what we have done to get sent into this world."
  Molly knew the current truth as Louis knew it, Louis was now sure of that.
    "When the time comes I will do the right thing Molly, trust me. My heart is true and good, as I know yours is. I have changed you have as well. I have seen the right way ahead I am sure of it. Let's work together now. We only have two mighty tasks left ahead of us then we will be able to tell if we are worthy to start our lives anew and return to our families."
  After giving Louis a soft kiss on the lips, a soft melodious, tuneful song was heard echoing down towards the earth.
    "I think that snow goose agrees with us Louis. It's is unanimous then, all things good in this world are on our side this day. Let's take this as a first-rate sign."
    "Thanks for the kiss, I needed that and I think it will be a good day. We are going to find Short Stack today or very soon. I feel it in my bones. Let's arouse the others, eat a little breakfast. That left over soup sounds good, pack up this camp and head out towards Morpeth Falls." 
  Louis encouraged the fire to warm the others, as Molly brought the left over soup to a new simmer. A sleepy-eyed Tessie was the first to stir then Chug with a little help from the others. Wiping the sleep out of their eyes, cleaning up a bit, warming by the fire, next a bite to eat, all soon felt much better. 
  Wrapping tightly up against the cool of the day, an extra layer of clothes were used by all. Chug had lost most of his fanciful outfit during the confusion of his recent days. He had since mislaid his false beard, and his odd hat. All that Chug mostly wore now was his old trusted blue jeans and a ripped white tee shirt. Molly fit him with an extra shirt, thick jacket and a new floppy cloth hat. Then all were away back on the earthen pathway towards the very base of the broad mountain, which stood before them.
  Louis had reviewed the hunter's map again during the morning chores to reconfirm his bearings. Seeing a new way towards their destination, Louis changed the course of the traveling party. Staying away from the main road, the grand fork where Tranantulos's lair was, and the opening to the Morpeth Caves, Louis guided them on a now more circumvent course off most of the main pathways through the Northumbria foothills. Keeping mostly to animal trails, and under the cover of tall overgrowth, large pine trees and rocky outcroppings the traveling party was now more stealthy and covert.
  Not wanting to bring attention to one's self was the best way to stay alive in this dangerous and dodgy wilderness. Being small children and highly mouth-watering to eat by all things larger than them had its disadvantages, and Louis was clever enough to understand this. He was growing in his thoughts and wisdom with each step taken forward, and with each adversary or rival, he had to thwart. Getting all home safely was his utmost desire and what drove him.
  The morning snows fell away, like the way snowflakes might drop inside of a glass Christmas snow dome after a good shaking. The skies cleared and the air warmed under the weight of the newly risen moon. Soft blue moonlight surrounded and embraced them inside of its odd and out of the ordinary beauty. 
  The hours that passed by were uneventful during the long march around the base of mount Morpeth. Small waterfalls they dodged, a few falling rocks could be heard tumbling down the mountainsides about them now and again, as many felled trees in their way were crossed over or under then lost behind them without another moments thought. 
  All were mislaid in their own worlds of study and contemplation about why they were to be found where they were on this day and the immediate days beforehand. Being unmoral, sinful, boastful, bigheaded, unkind, too proud or too vain, and to uncaring of others has a price to pay. The last few days the toll paid had been high and costly.
  Motioning for all to stop by the side of the road, Louis spoke "We have been walking for the better part of six hours we need to rest and gather ourselves again."
    "Good call Louis my feet are killing me. I think I have a rock in one shoe?" said Tessie. 
    "Yeah I'm hungry..."
    "You're always hungry Chug," said Louis as he dropped his carryall, and walking stick "Chug you are a great fisherman, can you catch us lunch over there in that small lake?"
    "Sure can, got any fishing tackle?"
    "No but we can make some out of the gear we got" said Louis as he and Chug began to rummage through the supplies carried by Tessie, and Molly. 
  After a few moments, Chug was down by the lake fashioning a fishing pole out of a bamboo cane. Molly lit a small fire by the lake bank and began to boil some water while Tessie went off with Louis to find some wild berries, nuts or wild potatoes to eat.
  Looking about the small lake Louis noticed a small beaver dam at very far end this tripped something interesting in his memory, which sent a strange thought into motion. Needing to see the greater area and his place in it, Louis searched out a tree to climb. Spotting an easy way upwards on a particular tree close at hand he began his upward journey, all the while he climbed he looked about for another tree spider that might be in hiding. 
  Upon reaching the upper limbs and branches, Louis found a place to rest and observe. To his amazement, he found that there were dozens upon dozens of lakes nearby spreading out before him for miles upon miles wrapped inside of the foothills, and shallow valleys at the base of the mountain. All lakes and streams ran downwards into larger streams and tributaries, then into one larger river. Next, he tapered his vision and sharpening his concentration that much more, he now focused on an even stranger glitch. There was a beaver dam in each lake. Not knowing what to think at the time Louis registered the oddity then looked directly ahead where their destination lay. There it was what they had been hoping to find all day, Lake Morpeth, the Morpeth Dam and the northward passageway through the Northumbria Mountains.
  Not being able to contain himself he shouted out, "There it is, Morpeth Falls and the Northumbria passage, dead ahead!"
  Just as Louis called out so did Chug, "Lunch is served!" A large lake trout was in the offing for lunch. Then another, then another, Chug was indeed the fisherman-deluxe. Louis scampered down the tree as Chug caught his limit. 
    "It's dead ahead Molly, the lake is only about another hours walk. Let's eat this great lunch caught by Chug, smoke some more of that fish for later, rest a bit and get on our way again. 
    "Great job Chug, this should lighten our spirits, good food has a way of doing that."
    "Good hot food..." said Chug as he started to clean the fish on a nearby flat rock.
    "So you saw our destination Louis" asked Tessie as she stirred another batch of cooked herbs and fresh potatoes.
    "Yes it is dead ahead. I could see the largest lake in the area from the top of that tree over there, and at one end of the lake there was a giant dam and below that, I could see the road where it passed through a large rocky opening in the mountain. That has to be the passage to the north that was marked on the map. No doubt about it" said the eager Louis.
  With the fish now cooking on a spit over the fire, a bit of hot soup and cooked potatoes in all their stomachs, the conversation's and the mood's lifted. Tessie and Molly began to wrestle in the tall grass found next to the lakeside while Chug and Louis looked into the last and most difficult part of cooking, freshly caught lake trout...smoking it. After the largest of the fish was eaten, and the rest smoked, the traveling party took a mid-afternoon nap next to the lake for the better part of an hour.
  The day's moonlight softened as an unpromising thundercloud began to engulf the skies above them. A few light raindrops fell upon Molly's face, which immediately woke her. She gently kissed Louis on the cheek to awaken him as well. Both sat up as Tessie and Chug hearing the commotion, as well stirred.
    "Looks like rain are coming, look further to the north to where we have to travel, a large thunderstorm is looming on the horizon" warned Louis as he tightened his jacket around his shoulders and pulled down his cloth cap for comfort. 
    "Let's get going then. We have to make good time. It looks like that storm that is brewing over there might be right where we need to be in about an hour" believed Chug as he as well drew his jacket tighter around him to ward off the chill in the air and the alternating rain drops falling about them. 
  After stifling the fire, each hurriedly packed each of their personal items, keeping in mind an impending rainstorm was forthcoming. Molly passed out a few heavy cloth dusters to cover their outerwear, which should keep them dry until a safe place could be found to wait out the larger part of the storm.
  The pace was quicker than earlier in the day. Louis was forging the trail out front while his friends tried walking inside of Louis footsteps where the ground was flatter and smoother. The rain diminished from time to time with each passing small cloud burst. Tessie who was in the rear of the pack looked forwards towards her friends when she noticed from time to time one or the other hopped forwards, it was obvious again that the magic inside of the mugwort root was only going to last so long. 
  Noticing her own odd behavior with a hop or two, it alarmed her. She tapped Molly on the shoulder then whispered into her ear "Molly it's not lady-like to hop." 
    "I know Tessie no one's going to be inviting me to any school dances, unless it's a sock-hop dance. Then I will probably win that one." The two girls chuckled between themselves as Louis continued to forge ahead.
  Following a quick running stream along its bank made for quicker travel, when Louis noticed the water starting to rise. Then abruptly a loud thunderclap rang out above their heads.
    "We have to get back to the main road up ahead and away from this stream, the water is rising. It must be raining on the mountainside or somewhere up ahead of us and the water is just beginning to reach us. We don't want to get caught up in a flash-flood," said Louis as he took Molly by the hand
    "Good idea Louis" said Chug as he took a hold of Tessie's hand. Both followed Louis and Molly away from the stream, up a small grass covered hill and afterward back to the main road. 
    "We must be close Louis I can hear the water fall," said Molly as she smiled at Louis.
    "I hear it as well, she's right," added Tessie. 
  Looking forwards around a large tree partially blocking the road, the mammoth Falls of Morpeth and the Morpeth Dam finally came into clear view. Looking upwards Louis tried to determine the size and scope of both.
    "The falls are so high it looks like they are falling out of the sky. Can you believe what we are seeing?"
    "I know Chug. I have never seen anything like it in my life. Look how the colors reflect and change at will. The blue moon's light, the light is refracting and lighting up the entire mountainside," said an astonished Louis.
    "Louis wow...nothing could ever be as beautiful as this. And the sound, it's like a thousand drummers with base kettledrums pounding away at once. It's deafening," said Molly as she covered her ears.
    "That's not just the falls making that noise Molly, sheet-lightning is detonating over our heads as well. Look the rain is coming, the skies are starting to darken more above us, the moon's light is quickly fading" exclaimed Tessie as she pointed further up the mountainside.
    "We've got to get out of the open. The small cloudbursts we have been running under and in and out of are gathering, as the storm builds around us. Look there is a small cave to the left there" said Louis as he motioned for everyone to run towards the opening. 
  The sky closed down on them as heavy rain began to downpour. Thick water droplets engulfed and pounded their senses as they ran for cover towards the base of the waterfall. Lightning bolts and loud thunderclaps exploded down around them. Loud echoes rang out of the mountains. 
    "We must stay in here until the rainstorm ends, then we can start looking for Short Stack. Does that sound good Molly?"
    "Yes we can't be out in that rain Louis, it too dangerous. Rocks could fall off the mountain or what if there is a major avalanche, who knows, so we better stay put."
    "If you noticed Louis there are many caves here. How are we going to know where Short Stack is? We can't look into every one of them we could be here for days, weeks or even months."
    "Good point Tessie. I will have to think on this. Give me some time. But for now lets' light a fire and warm up and ride out the storm."
  Louis lighted a fire while the others tried to dry off. Chug offered a few bites of dried lake trout to everyone. 
    "It's getting later. We are most likely going to have to spend the night here. So try to make yourselves comfortable. We are drying, the cave is warming up and it looks like we have enough twigs and sticks to keep the fire going throughout the night," said Louis as he took out his books.
    "Are you going to start reading again Louis?" asked Molly
    "Why don't you all get a little rest now, it's getting darker outside and the rain does not look like it's going to let up. I have to read Mr. Beamer's books here to get an idea about how we can find this water serpent Hydrarchos. If we find him, we find Short Stack."
    "Louis can't we just find Short Stack and not stir this creature?" asked Chug.
    "As Tessie just said, there are too many caves here to look inside them all. We are going to have to bring this serpent to us, which is a not too promising thought. He is holding Short Stack, I am sure of it," said Louis as he gave a slight smile towards the others.
  The thought of another creature lurking about the area put an immediate end to the friendly conversation for the night. Louis began his nightly reading again as the others tried to draw comfort from each other. Looking over his shoulder from time to time to check on his friends Louis noticed that Chug was restless inside of his sleep. Not wanting Chug to suffer Louis tapped him on the shoulder to wake him.
    "I noticed your thoughts are bothering you Chug, and that you are not sleeping well. Care to talk?"
    "Sure Louis, let's sit by the cave entrance and watch the rain."
    "Have you come to any conclusions yet about Hydrarchos, any ideas?"
    "Not yet Chug but there is a chapter in this book here look:
     
      Chapter #5 
Water Serpents
How to stay on their good side and out of their bellies    
   
    "That Mr. Beamer must really know this world. You don't think he's been here before and that maybe, just maybe...?"
    "Chug I do think that. I've been thinking that since I first started to read this thing."
    "Are you telling me Louis that that old man, that kind wise old man, who looks like a wizard himself, your neighbor wrote this book?"
    "That's exactly what I am saying Chug, then that means he has been here before for sure. Do you think he was sent here as a child once like we are now, and that he wrote his experiences down, and that this book is a manual to be used to get out of this world, by defeating Túngarar Spadefoot and his undertoad army for the last time?"
    "Chug this is going to sound crazy, but I think that all kids that are bad are sent here by one way or another. Our pathway here was through that fairy circle but other kids might be pulled down through lakes inside of false or a staged drowning. Missing person reports could be because the children are down here and no one can find them, or from when children fall into wells, or from kidnappings, or bad and malcontent Foster care children could be sent here, you name it...man-oh-man...!"
    "This could be going on all over the world, they are sent into this underworld then...?"
    "Yep..."
    "What about undertoads Louis, what exactly are they?"
    "Us..."
    "What do you mean us...?"
    "Chug I mean all these tadpoles throughout this world is future undertoads. Túngarar Spadefoot has his spies in the upper world, our world and they steal bad children of about our age, then when they get down here, a tadpole bites them, they then place their souls into the child with their venom, and then they eventually become an undertoad and join his army. Then one day when he has taken enough souls and has enough converts they are going to rise up and invade our world for real."
    "They are soul-stealing robbers, thieves, pickpockets, muggers, and shoplifters of the worse kind. Why have they not taken our souls yet then?"
    "Chug it's because our transformation is not complete. We've survived by means of using some of Mr. Beamer's magic, the mugwort plant and root. That magic is found in this book. So are the adder stone, and the quagga-tail switch, and a bunch of other magic that I don't understand yet. We've managed to slow the growths and the transformation like Mr. Beamer might have once done, but we are all still hopping and if you've noticed the growths on your legs and arms are starting to grow again."
    "Yes I have noticed."
    "Look at this Chug..."
    "Louis no...put your tongue back in your mouth...!"
    "What happened to me will soon happen to you. My tongue is black and has grown a few inches in length. I dare to say it but it is starting to look like a toad's tongue, like Spadefoot's tongue."
    "Louis we are in deep trouble and so is Centerville, our families and all or our friends."
    "I know..."
    "Wait...I have another question now Louis. What is that page-marker in your book, what's written on there?"
    "I don't know Chug."
    "Let me see that. Where did you get this? The writing is not in English."
  Chug began to look intently at the odd writings on the paper, becoming more interested as Louis told the story about how he found it.
    "Here look closer...look at the writing...can you figure this out? When I landed at the bottom of the fairy circle here is this world I was alone. I looked about the clearing and the fairy circle ring and it was still intact and mirrored exactly like the fairy circle ring up in Centerville at the watering hole down to the last missing mushroom that we ate. Then I kicked about in the center of the ring and un-earthed a Möjebro Runestone."
    "What's a Möjebro Runestone?"
    "When I first saw the stone I did not know what it was. I dug deeply and exposed the entire stone, then I noticed all the writings on it, but nothing made any since to me. I could not understand the foreign words, most of the writings were in another language but the biggest words and the most profound words were right in the center of the stone, so I wrote them down. You’re looking at those words. Then I read in Mr. Beamer's book about a Möjebro Runestone. I found out that this is a memorial stone."
    "What do you mean it is a memorial stone?"
    "This means that when a great warrior dies in battle "is killed intentionally" or "is killed by witchcraft" then they memorialize him in stone, it's a tombstone, but not a common one."
  Looking out into the rain Louis felt like he had the weight of the world on his shoulders. He crossed his legs and arms and lowered his head. Wrapping a cotton scarf up closer to his neck gave him temporary relief from the cold and wet weather. The rain had lightened with only scattered cloudburst here or there still filling the rivers and lakes around Morpeth falls. The worst of the storm was now passing them by.
    "You know Chug I just don't think things could get any worse than they are now. I have been trying to keep an upper stiff lip and all because I did not want Molly and Tessie to worry. They are girls you know and cannot handle things like this as we can. I know that sounds bad, and I know that Molly is a real tomboy and can take care of herself most of the time, but sometimes I know girls just like to be taken care of."
    "Yeah...I know what you mean about that Louis. You just said things could not get any worse, but they just did. I have bad news for you."
    "What could be worse than having a wicked water serpent to fight in the morning, eventually I have to fight off a dead land draug then I have to defeat a Toad King and his toad army in a few days?"
    "This news is worse news than all of that combined Louis?"
    "You are not serious are you...?
    "I am dead serious...what could be more serious than that...?"
    "What is it Chug...?"
    "I just deciphered the writings on this paper. It's easy. This is a left-handed crossword."
    "What is that...?
    "It means the words are written from right to left for a left-handed person to read, it's like having dyslexia, you know when you see things backwards. The way we read, we always go from left to right. In olden text and some ancient cultures, they use to read from the other direction and write that way. So the words we are looking at are not actually the words they are supposed to be, thus a left-handed crossword."

krapsioultreborsyalereh
ecaepnitserehyam
dlosraey01

   "Now concentrate and re-read the words backwards Louis, you are left-handed right?"
    "I am Chug...that's right everything in this world goes the opposite direction."

Herelaysrobertlouisparks
mayherestinpeace
10yearsold

    "NO!...NO...NO...! It can't be true...NO...NO...! I refuse to believe this Chug"
    "This was written on your tombstone Louis by someone or something, they believe you are not going to survive this."
Here lays Robert Louis Parks
May he rest in peace
10 years old

    "This had to be written by Túngarar Spadefoot. There can be no other answer," said Louis.
    "That may be true but Louis, we might never find out who truly wrote this," said Chug.
    "There is no other answer."
    "What if Mr. Beamer wrote it to scare you Louis? So you see there are others questions that arise by this."
    "Why would Mr. Beamer write this? I don't understand your reasoning Chug."
    "That is why I brought that up so you would have to look at other angles of the problem. Maybe you will find out in the end, maybe you will not if this is to be your tombstone. I just hope it's not true Louis. 
  You are my best friend and I could not stand to see anything happen to you. Now from what you said before, the only way you believe for us to get out of this world is by going directly up that wormhole. Just how we got here is how we are leaving. So we are going to see the Runestone once more even if you do not want to, that is of course if we live to see the next few days. You know we still have to kill a water serpent, a land draug and that Toad King and his armies. Therefore, this is really the least of your problems, that stone. I guess we will get to that, when we get to that then."
    "You are very Smart Chug. Well...I guess there is not much I can do about this stone and the writing's it holds now. It is getting late maybe we should turn in for the night. I don't think there are any creatures out stirring tonight in this rain, and it has been quite so far. I will go stir the fire a bit." 
    "OK Louis let's turn in."
    "Oh by the way..."
    "What's that Louis...?"
    "Thanks for cheering me up. I was supposed to cheer you up remember, you couldn't sleep. That was supposed to be the purpose of this conversation," said Louis.
    "Well what are good friends Louis...what are good friends for..." said the positive Chug.  












~Chapter 11~
Hydrarchos the Water Serpent

  Cranes, snow geese, darts, terns and petrels were seen in flight high above in the clear, new mornings, new light, sunflowers, water lilies, water trumpets were all in bloom. The previous night’s storm had passed by cleansing the only area of Northumberland that had not been affected by the dark magic of Noctuid the Black Witch.
  Heavy snowfalls now covered the Northumbria Mountains. Mount Morpeth glistened in light blues, soft grays, and gentle white hues. The countryside was alive again as were the inhabitants that resided there.
    "It's a great day to slay a water dragon...,” said Louis dryly as he ate the last of his breakfast.
    "Louis it's nice to know that you have such confidence in yourself" believed Chug. 
    "You two boys always with the jokes and kidding around. I did not get too much sleep worrying about Short Stack missing, and of course we have to face that creature today," said Molly while she began to clean the morning's scant dishes.
    "Don't worry Molly. I've got this one. I've developed a plan."
    "That's exactly what I'm worried about Louis."
 I read a few chapters last night in Mr. Beamer's book. These serpents are not too bad. They are just hungry all the time. Therefore, I figured if we could feed him a big meal, he would get full then get sleepy. He's most likely going to sleep in his den, and I figure that's were Short Stack is held captive. So we feed him, follow him back to his den; find Short Stack, free him and then we go misplaced, easy money." 
    "That's not a bad idea Louis...,”said Tessie.
    "Yeah...I know...that's why I came up with it..."
    "Really Louis...that is a good idea..."said Molly.
    "Louis I think you've got something there. We could all go catch some more fish because that's what water serpents eat, I would think. We could spend all morning fishing, maybe even catch a couple of dozen lake trout and throw them in a big pile. I could start smoking some on a fire. He would smell it then come swimming our way. Everybody hides then Louis and I will follow him back to his lair to find Short Stack."
    "I like that idea Chug. Just think if his belly is full, he sure won't want to eat us even if he saw us. I mean how big this creature can be, maybe ten feet tall or twenty feet tall. I would think maybe twenty fish would do it. That won't take us too long to catch that amount. We could be outta here by mid-day," offered Louis as he now smiled largely at the others inside of his cleverness.
    "This day just got off to a great start. Look at the snow on the mountains, and look at all the beautiful birds flying overhead. It's a great day. And wow just look at the amount of water flowing over the waterfall. It looks like it's doubled in volume overnight," said Tessie as she stepped outside into the new days light.
    "You are right Tessie. Look the dam is as full as it can get and the water flowing over the passageway appears to be about twofold the amount as it was the day before," said Chug as he as well exited the small cave.
  As all looked upwards towards Morpeth Falls, the large wooden dam had filled the surrounding lake to the brink with water now over spilling into a nearby rocky crevasse, which sent it cascading down the local foothills at the base of the mountainside.
    "You sure can see where the high-water covers the Morpeth passageway out of and into Northumberland. If this water serpent travels by water, he could guard that passageway very easily with this much water flowing. I wonder if that dam up above, above the falls has a diverter channel or shut-off valve," said Louis as he marveled at the shear amount of water pounding down the falls. 
    "It's too high to climb up there Louis, and way too dangerous with all of those slippery rocks so I guess we will never know about that."
    "You are right there Chug. However, we might just have to climb up there anyway, so let's not worry about that now. We need to start catching some fish and get this plan in action."
    "Need any help boys?" asked Tessie.
    "Yes why don't you two girls move the fire down to the base of the falls and really get it going. Then when we are ready, Chug will start smoking some fish."
    "Sound good Louis..." said Molly as she and Tessie began to gather sticks and branches below the falls in a dry area.
  After four hours of fishing and well into early afternoon Louis finally felt that they had caught enough fish to fill the belly of the beast. 
    "What do you think Chug? Is this enough fish? I sure think so, heck we've got about twenty five lake trout at about a pound a piece that makes twenty five or thirty pounds" stated Louis as went about eyeing their catch.
    "I agree with you Louis, your math is correct. About a pound a piece per fish, twenty pounds for him and we get to eat a pound or two for our hard work..."
    "Of course we eat some, we did not do all this work for nothing..."
    "Then we smoke two or three pounds..."
    "What could go wrong Chug...?"
    "Nothing Louis...what a great plan..." said Chug as he started to gather the fish and move them towards Molly and Tessie who had a mid-sized, yet very hot fire burning in a small dirt clearing at the base of the falls.
  Tessie, Molly, Chug and Louis ate a quick lunch of fresh spit-fired lake trout. Tessie and Molly gathered up all of their supplies then placed them back in hiding inside of their small cave. Chug threw a large handful of wet cedar-wood chips on the fire. The remaining fish began to sizzle and smoke hotter under the added fire. Chug now placed a few large wet cedar branches over the entire fire. The smells of steaming, smoking fish engulfed the clearing and Chug. He began to cough as his eyes watered.
    "Too much smoke Louis...?"
    "No not really. Look the smoke is rising up the waterfall towards the top of the dam. That should do it Chug. Now let's high tail it back into the cave and wait for Hydrarchos. 
  Safely hidden and the plan going perfectly, now it was just a matter of waiting believed the two on the ball boys.
    "Louis look at that...a...er...ah..."
    "Where Chug...?"
    "It's...the...the...water dragon..."
    "Where Chug...where are you looking...?"
    "Yeah where Chug, I don't see anything yet...?" asked Molly as she and Tessie craned their heads, looking upwards towards the top of the falls.
    "Climbing down the rocks at the side of the falls..."
    "Now I see it Chug...Molly...Tessie to the left of that large tree there," said Louis as he pointed to the west and upwards "it's a Physignathus Cocincinus."
    "What is that Louis?" asked Chug.
    "In Mr. Beamer's book in chapter five, it was right there that's what it's called, that's the scientific name for a water dragon." 
  The water dragon was draped in matching colors of the surrounding forest and rocks; burnt red-clawed feet with large talons were marked with a spotted pale yellow color. Medium-sized forest green scales covered its body from head to toe which matched the color of the nearby mosses and fauna covering the rocks along the waterfall. There was a long slim triangular head sitting upon elongated, and very muscular, shoulders. The eyes were a piercing green with bright red pupils. His hands were strong and armed. Each finger carried protracted claws that appeared to be very formidable weapons. They were the color of rock grey. His tail was long, thick and just as frightening as the claws at the end of his fingers. This creature oozed cunning and stealth. 
    "You're right Chug he's only about twenty feet long," said Louis as he turned towards Chug once again. Both children were wide-eyed and full of energy.
    "Look Louis he's heading for the food" said Chug.
    "You sure he just eats fish Louis and not little children?" asked Molly as she tightly held on to Tessie for security.
    "He's eating it. Man this is going to work Louis," said Chug.
  Gulp after gulp down went the free bounty of lake trout, and with that fish so went the hopes of all. The pile of fish was quickly eaten. 
    "He's almost done Louis, look he looks pretty full and satisfied. His face, his eyes are at half-mast already. He's content."
    "I can see that Chug. Look he's turning and heading back up the water fall..."
    "Louis you can't climb up after him, it's just plain too high. You'll get killed trying," said an alarmed Molly. She knew exactly what Louis was thinking. Looking towards Chug Louis blurted out "Chug we have to follow him, he will take us to Short Stack I just know it, this is a fact."
    "We have no choice Louis..."
    "I know..."
    "Louis I know I can't stop you" said Molly as she looked deeply into Louis's soul "you better come back safe. Bring Chug with you unharmed, and go get Short Stack so we can get out of this strange world already, will ya?"
    "We'll be careful Molly. Just give me my carryall. I will wrap it around my back, who knows I might need the adder stone, Mr. Beamer's books or the quagga-tail switch."
   "That goes for you two Chug. Be careful and get back here soon," added Tessie as she gave Chug a big hug and a kiss on the cheek.
  Swiftly turning to go, they were away. Scampering up the edifice of the waterfalls, they followed the recent path taken by the water serpent. Climbing straight up the shear face of the rocky falls they went without looking downwards so as not to break their concentration or lessen their courage. Being now about three quarters of the way up the rocky face, both young boys began to tire. Chug motioned for them to rest on a large flat wet rock. They watched the water dragon ahead of them easily continue his upwards climb when suddenly both boys heart's just about exploded inside of their chests.
    "Did you see that Chug!”
    "Do you think I'm blind? What do you mean did I see that?"
    "He's gone and in one bite! Hydrarchos was eaten!"
    "That huge head came out of the falls! It was over thirty foot long just the head. Are you sure that thing that ate our fish was Hydrarchos Louis?"
    "Ah...er....ah...not anymore, let's get out of here Chug. DOWN! CLIMB DOWN LET'S GO!!" 
  Two colossal frontal fins shot through the water falls; they were over twenty feet long, they were thick with finger-like claws extended at the tips. Turning sideways the water serpent now let his weighty cranium appear into the blue moon's daylight once again. The head was elongated and thick in the middle. The ears at the sides of his head were flattened and slightly inverted. The two massive jaws held yoked-tooth teeth that were double rooted. They were serrated and found to be full of meaning. His glowing eyes were a demon-colored red. A beefy chest and torso now became visible. His body was over a hundred and twenty feet long and forty feet wide. He parted the heavy forceful water at will, diverting it easily off his broad, well-chiseled back.
  Looking sideway Hydrarchos spotted his next meal. 
    "Don't look back Chug! You don't want to see what's coming..."
    "Climb down faster Louis..."
    "I'm trying Chug...,”screamed out Louis as he looked rearward and upwards once more at the exposed beast.
  Molly forcefully screamed out at the top of her lungs as Hydrarchos slapped at the water with scorn and disdain.
    "Faster Louis...he's spotted you...,”cried out Tessie as she bumbled out of the cave to get a better look upwards.
  Chug faltered on an untrustworthy rock, the smooth surface causing him to lose his footing. Stumbling downward, and awkwardly sideways he was now in deep trouble. 
    "Louis help...Louis...I'm...I'm...falling...Louis!"
  Focusing his vision Louis peered into the gushing water, a mid-sized opening in the rock face came into view. As Chug blundered by him, Louis reached out a life-saving hand. He clutched Chug by the scruff of his collar with all his might. Kicking off a nearby large boulder Louis propelled Chug into the waterfall, releasing him at just the right moment. 
  Chug vanished from view into the depth of the watery opening.
  Hearing Molly scream out, Louis looked upwards once more, as the charging behemoth free fell down the waterfall towards him, his mouth was agape. It was as wide open as a whale's in a feeding frenzy. 
  Panic overtook Louis. 
  His heart pounded in his ears as his mind raced about lost in confusion. Having no choice Louis dove into the water where Chug had just disappeared. The little wizard went lost and out of harm's way, just barely missing the massive jaws of the fiendish beast as it soared downhill by Louis's feet as they quickly faded away out of view.
  At the base of the grand falls was a hefty circular pond, the great beast smashed into the water below. The force of the explosion sent a tidal wave out in all directions. Tessie had just enough time to pull Molly back into the small cave as the water came crashing down the hillside past them. 
  The creature came to an abrupt halt in the center of the pond. Extending his head upwards out of the water Hydrarchos spied about. Molly and Tessie had crawled back into the cave, to the farthest rear wall, each hugging on and covering the wall tighter than three coats of paint. They trembled in fright as thoughts of the great beast ran through their young minds. Molly looked down at her quivering hands.
    "Tessie look I have two webbed fingers..."
    "Gosh Molly, I have three webbed and one is my wedding ring finger."
    "Well I guess you're going to be in need of a pretty large wedding ring if that Chug ever asks you to marry him..."
    "Yeah I guess so Molly. You know that's really not too funny..."
    "Well I sure thought so...,” said a shaking Molly.
    "And you're going need all new gloves..."
    "Yeah, I know..." 
  Both smiled through their clattering teeth.
  Hydrarchos smacked at the water with his mighty tail as he dove down into the depths of the pond. An underground river guided him away from the base of the waterfalls. He took a well-known circular root back into his watery lair at the far end of the upper dam.
    "Chug is you alright?" cried out Louis as he went flying by Chug. Ending up in a wet heap and down a slippery incline Louis came to an unexpected and painful stop.
    "That was graceful" said a sarcastic Chug "and what was it you called that thing...a...a... Physignathus Cocincinus, yeah right... Hydrarchos ugh...? "
    "And you're welcome, for me saving you, and I know...so I messed up again"
    "Oh don't be so serious. Of course, I am grateful. You saved me from a pretty terrible fate, thanks."
    "I don't know what kind of creature that was, but he ate all our fish then he got eaten so it serves him right, that little thief, I guess crime does not pay."
    "You got that right. What do we do now Louis?"
    "Molly and Tessie should be OK in that cave down below for a while. That cave is too small for that creature to reach in there and get them so let's not worry about them for the time being. As for what to do next well we cannot go back out the way we came in. What if the real Hydrarchos is still out there? I think we should head down this rocky path and see where it goes. Maybe there is another way out of here."
    "Louis there is paths and caves going all over the place here just look about you."
    "Wow you're right Chug. Let's take the largest one and see where it leads."
    "That sounds good to me Louis. I think we should take any pathway that goes upwards towards the dam and the moonlight."
  After straightening out their wet clothes and taking stock of the situation again, Louis turned to look at Chug. He was fully animated. Louis mirrored his emotions as he took the first few tentative steps down the pathway. The further they traveled into the hollow-cored mountain the more they stumbled into other caves, watery tributaries, small ponds and other rocky pathways. 
    "Louis look about you, there are paths going off in all directions. The road we are on is smooth like it has been traveled on for years. Are these animal trails or are they naturally occurring?"
    "I am not sure Chug but it is a little frightening knowing that there might be other animals, beasts, or other-world creatures down here walking around with us."
    "Just keep the pace up and let's get out of here as soon as we can" said Chug as he pointed towards an ominous cave off to the left side of a path ahead, "Louis look a huge cave is coming into view, a few hundred yards ahead, over in that direction."
  Heading down the pathway, Louis and Chug stopped dead in their tracks as a loud splash was heard off to the left of where they were heading. Both boys jumped directly backwards and off to the side of the path searching for cover, but none were to be found, it was too late, they were exposed. 
    "Well Louis, nice to see you again."
  A blank look crossed Louis's face as he searched his recent memory of the ugly creature that now stood before him. Chug stumbled off his feet as Louis fought with his tongue.
    "Ah...er...ah...ah..."
    "Do you not remember me? It is I Trog the Beaver. You saved my life in the Kingdom of Gwynedd outside of Deganwy Castle a few days ago. I was trapped in a hunter's snare. You released me...remember?"
    "Yes...yes...Trog. Now I remember, I was just so scared at all the commotion, there are so many beasts in this world, everywhere I turn someone or something is trying to eat me. No offense but you is a creature of this world, and you do have formidable fangs. I just...er...ah...you...understand...don't you?"
    "Certainly I understand. And I know I am not very appealing to look at with these large fangs hanging off my face, but they do come in handy. After all, I am a beaver you know. And who is your friend?"
    "This is Chug, my best friend. He is the right fielder for the Centerville Giants, and a darned good one."
    "Nice to meet you Chug. I would like to watch you play some time."
    "Ah...ah...sure...er...ah...nice fangs Trog."
    "Yeah, I know Chug. Just let me do the talking. Now Trog what brings you into this part of Northumberland? I thought you never traveled outside of Gwynedd and that your home was outside of the castle of Deganwy in that lake there where I first met you."
    "This is true. However, as you can see, there are hundreds of beaver dams here in this part of Northumberland, here around and in Mount Morpeth. Túngarar Spadefoot has threatened my family and my fellow colony of beavers, and all my friends with death if we do not cooperate with him. 
  We have no choice but to help him grow his armies. He forces us to build these dams for him to house his tadpole armies. There have been more and more children that have recently been taken hostage up above. Therefore, he needs more tadpoles to hatch to take their souls. Soon all will be full-grown toads, trained and armed. He is growing his army and using us to do it for him. It is a terrible mess down here."
    "I am so sorry to hear of that Trog. Is there anything I can do to help you?"
    "No Louis this is beyond you now. This is our fight. However, be wary the tide is soon turning. I have called upon all of my fellow compatriots to rise up. I have called our entire colony to a meeting at the far end of this mountain within the hour. That is where I am heading now. I am the King of the Beaver's, this is my land and that nasty Spadefoot's day is at hand, as well as that horrible Spydos, Noctuid the Black Witch and Draconilla the Vampire Bat, Hydrarchos, Morrígan the Stone Troll, and his other vile foot soldiers. The good creatures of this land are soon to be in revolt. 
  All the inhabitants of the Kingdom Gwynedd and the other realms and empires are rising up as well. A war is coming soon. I suggest you leave this mountain as soon as you can Louis and take your friend with you. You will know soon enough what our plans are. Take to the high ground is all I can tell you at this time."
    "Thanks for the advice Trog. We will be leaving as soon as possible. I have to find a friend of mine that is trapped in this mountain then we are on our way to the dark city of Elphame and into Hagby the Black Tower. My destiny takes me to the dark city. Then my salvation and that of my friends is at hand.
    "What madness takes you to that awful place Louis? I do not want to know. That is your fate. I can see it on your face. I wish I could help you but my work is here for now. Maybe in the future, when this is over I will be able to spend more time with you, and see Chug play in his game. Nevertheless, for now travel safely and stay off the beaten paths. Oh and again thanks for saving my life from that trap. I do owe you, you know."
    "Don't mind about that now. You seem very busy as I am."
    "We will meet again one day Louis under better circumstances. In addition, remember keep to the high ground, an upwelling is coming Louis. I can say no more."
  And with this said Trog swiftly submerged back into the large black pond from where he had just emerged.
    "Someday Louis you can tell me the story of how you are friends with a Beaver King but for now I suggest we take his advice and move forward quickly, find Short Stack and make a hasty exit out of this dreadful mountain."
  Louis nodded his head in affirmation to the statement by Chug they were immediately away.  
  Turning hastily, the two boys headed a few hundred more yards down the pathway towards the grand cave opening that they has spotted before. Reaching the foot of the opening Chug's mouth just about fell to the ground below him. Looking upwards again, the sheer size of the cave was now fully apparent.
    "This mountain is just about completely hollow Louis. Look all of the paths we've been crossing and all the streams we've seen are feeding into this one vast cave and into that river over there."
  Looking upwards, the moon's blue light was now partially visible.
    "A way out Chug, look daylight up there in that hole in the ceiling, but what are those hideous things that are attached to the ceilings?" Louis pointed up towards the highest part of the ceiling.
    "Say it ain't so Louis but those are cocoons. Spydos the Spider must use this cave to store his bounty...his dinner...his lunch...his...his...children...Centerville's children"
    "Don't panic yet Chug; I'll panic for you, there are hundreds of them and some are moving. Some are still alive."
  Now hearing loud voices coming up an earthen path from the other side of the cave Chug quickly grabbed Louis by his shirt. Pulling Louis into a shaded area behind a large boulder, Chug motioned for them both to be quiet. 
    "I hear voices...we are not alone again..." whispered a panicky Chug as he held an index finger over his lips.
  Heavy footsteps rumbled the rocky ground below their feet as the collective voices grew in volume. The cadence of thick footsteps marched in time with a military song ringing out in a lower octave.
    "Yaoh, yo...yo...yaoh...yo...yo...huh...huh...huh...yaoh...yaoh...yo...yo..."
    "Yaoh, yo...yo...yaoh...yo...yo...huh...huh...huh...yaoh...yaoh...yo...yo..."
  Over and over the chorus repeated.
  In a low hushed tone, Louis spoke into one of Chug's ears, "One of Túngarar Spadefoot's toad armies. There are hundreds of them and look they are dressed in full military gear."
    "They are readying for war Louis. Look long spears, swords and chain mail strung across their chests. What is going on?"
    "Look towards the center of the cave, there is a large area of stone benches. This is their central meeting place. They are starting to sit down in rows."
    "They are gathering; this is a dark storm Louis."
    "I can see that Chug. It appears that they believe I am going to be successful in my quest. Look, they have a full-length doll on that pole. That must be a replica of Elphen the White Queen, the land draug. They are starting to burn it"
    "Oh Louis...we have to get out of here. What if we are discovered? Wait a few of them are hopping in this direction."
    "Just stay here in the shadows. Toads have poor hearing and smell, there eyesight is keen in the dark but they have no reason to believe that there are spies about. We should not be found out...quiet...quiet."
     "Ribbet...ribbet...ribbet..."
    "Listen Louis they croak...they are talking to each other, oh what a horrible sound...look they are so close"
    "The one in front can you see what he's wearing? Are my eyes deceiving me?" asked Louis.
    "Yes I see it as well. He looks like he's..."
    "It's Mickey O'Flattery."
    "Who's that Louis?"
    "Chug it's our Short Stack. He's wearing his Leprechaun, outfit or parts of it, remember when we came through that wormhole? You were a Sleigh Maith Hairy, I was a wizard and Short Stack was a Leprechaun. He still has parts of his outfit on unless this is the new fashion look in this world, there can only be one toad-Leprechaun, and that has to be Short Stack.
  Just as Chug and Louis was about to be discovered the two toads halted unexpectedly, executed a crisp military about face, then dutifully stood their ground as the military proceedings in the center of the cave continued. Not being able to translate the strange toad croaking or the language Chug and Louis could only watch as the ceremony continued. 
    "Chug this could be our only chance to grab Short Stack, and make a clean dash for it. He is only a few feet away. We have to do something," said Louis forcefully as he tried to employ Chug into taking action.
    "But Louis what if he fights us or exposes us? We will be found out and then just think what could happen to us. We will be taken hostage or worse, end up like one of those cocoons on the roof. Or what if Hydrarchos the Water Serpent is still hungry and they turn us over to him for a mid-afternoon snack?"
    "Well we just cannot think of those things right now. I've got an idea."
    "Oh no...here...we go again...another idea...Louis...?"
    "Chug I know but you have to trust me on this one. You know I always say the "incident was just an accident" but this time it's different. We have no choice we have to do something. Now listen up. I have some of that mugwort root in my robe here, just a little bit left. Enough I hope. I suggest we grab Short Stack, pull him behind this rock, try to keep him as quiet as possible and force a few bites of it down his throat and rub some over his body. Maybe that will start the process again as it did with us. It should turn the tide enough for him to start reverting into our old Short Stack. If we get enough time he should recognize us, then we are all away, out of here and back down the pathway to find Molly and Tessie again. Do you have anything better, any ideas?"
    "I hate to say it Louis but I don't. Your idea does sound like a good one, but I know you and this has trouble written all over it...Louis...Louis...just remember a few moments ago, what did you call it, a Physignathus Cocincinus? Yeah...right..."
    "I know Chug but...here goes nothing..."
  Reaching into a deep pocket inside of his pants Louis exposed the last of his magic root and apparently the last of his common sense. Lurching forward with hands and fingers extended Louis pounced upon the unsuspecting toad as Chug flew off a nearby rock, landing directly upon Short Stack's back where Louis was now holding him firmly in place. Short Stack croaked out a loud alarm as Chug tried to cover his head and mouth.
    "RIBBET...RIBBET...RIBBET...!" 
    "RIBBET...RIBBET...RIBBET...!"
  The croaking sounds reverberated off the highest rocks in the ceiling and outwards into the depth of the cave, all conversations ceased as the loud alarm reached the ears of the toad army. Short Stack fell backwards into the center of the pathway. He ripped away at Chug's shirt, tearing it to pieces. Louis hearing another loud croaking sound powerfully rising upwards from Short Stack's throat, he dutifully shoved a handful of spell breaking magic down into the depths of the little toad's throat. 
    "Well that takes care of that!" shouted out Louis as he slammed shut Short Stack's jaws.
    "Any other bright ideas Louis...we...better...run...run...Louis...Louis!"
  Slapping Short Stack in the face with all his might Louis shouted out, "Short Stack! You're the catcher for the Centerville Giants, get with it man...its Louis and Chug your teammates. We are he to save you!"
    "RIBBET...RIBBET...RIBBET...!" 
    "RIBBET...RIBBET...RIBBET...!"
    "Grab him Louis, push...push...!"
As the two boys began to shove Short Stack down the pathway, he tumbled backwards to the ground lost in confusion as his webbed hands and feet began to dissolve into fingers and toes.
    "His hands, his feet, Louis I can't believe it! The magic is working already! Look!”
  As Chug screamed out a massive splash was heard in the largest of the ponds in the cave. 
    "Now look at his head, he is changing back Louis. It's working....Louis...!"
    "Ribbet...ribbet..."
    "Don't look now Chug but we've got real problems...there’s Hydrarchos the Water Serpent, he just dropped in again. And he's looking a little thin if you know what I mean...! RUN...RUN...!”
  Looking toward the rear Chug saw an advancing army of toads, a hungry charging water serpent and Louis's face, that was just about as terrified as young boys face could ever be.
    "It's just an incident Louis, it's an accident...it's...it's!" Chug bumbled in thought and words as sheer terror overcame him. 
  Pushing Short Stack down the road the best they could, the three children had a small lead on Túngarar Spadefoot's toad army as they hopped towards the fleeing boys. Louis slapped at Short Stack repeatedly trying to get his attention as they kept up the pace. Hydrarchos parted the army with his massive body as he trundled after the boys. Swimming from pond to pond, up streams and down tributary Hydrarchos charged after them where the water would allow him to swim.
    "Got any other ideas Louis, that fat, slimy creature, he's gaining on us!"
  As Louis slapped once more at Short Stack's back, good news finally rang out as Short Stack spoke out, "Louis stop slapping me already." 
  Louis wrapped his arms around Short Stack just as tightly as he could, giving him the most loving hug he could muster, "Nice to have you back old friend."
  Stopping in the path for the shortest of moments Chug stared deeply into Short Stacks eyes. He had been converted back to the old Short Stack right down to his fat toes.
    "Well you are back to yourself Short Stack. I can smell your stinky heat balm again, just like old times."
  The little catcher smiled largely as he gave Chug a grand-sized hug in return.
    "I hate to break up this love-feast but we've got a rampaging water serpent after us guys and a toad army!" shouted out Louis as he took off running again back towards the cave opening where they had first entered Mount Morpeth.
    "Were almost there Louis, I can see the waterfall, the opening..." echoed Chug as he flew past Short Stack. 
    "I really don't know what's going on guys but is this Louis's fault again Chug?"
    "Not now Short Stack but I am sure you already know the answer to that."
    "Guys come on now, no time for that, quickly down the side of the falls on those rocks over there where we first climbed up."  
  As the boys passed out of the falling water and began the long scramble down the rock face of Morpeth Falls the rocks below their feet began to collide, growl and shake violently. Rocks dislodged around them, above and below as the rumblings grew louder and louder. Looking upwards Louis screamed out a wild alarm.
    "The dam Chug look, its Trog the Beaver King and his colony of friends. They are eating through the wooden and stone dam."
     "Remember what Trog said Louis. Take to the high ground. We are climbing in the wrong direction. We should be going up not down. Trog is going to flood the land. The dam is going to be destroyed."
     "And what about Molly and Tessie, they will be drowned!" shouted back Louis toward Chug and Short Stack as they began to climb upwards. Now looking downwards Louis spotted the two girls at the base of Morpeth Falls. Louis called out with all his might for the girls to start climbing. Frantically waving his arms, he finally got their full attention. They as well now began to climb up the far side of the falls below where Chug and Louis had first climbed. 
  Looking downhill Chug called out, "Those girls are like two monkeys in a tree. Look at them climb Louis. They are almost to the first cave opening already."
  Two large boulders slammed together above them, smashing into a hundred pieces as Hydrarchos flew out of the mouth of the small cave opening. Free falling down the waterfall back towards his pond below his angry voice shrilled out at the top of his lungs. He slammed once again into the lower pond, looking upwards he cursed at the children above. Louis looked now back towards Morpeth Falls Spadefoot's toad army appeared. Molly and Tessie finally caught up to the boys as all climbed upwards just as fast as they could go. Spadefoot's army tried the best they could to hop up the rock faces of the mountain but made little progress. Toads are not natural born climbers as the children were. 
  Reaching the upper lip of the large wooden dam Louis spotted Trog who was deep into his work. Hydrarchos was lost from view again. Circumventing the mountain's deep watery passages he now appeared at the top of mountain just as the kids finished their climb up the mountainside. Screaming out in angry words filled with hatred Hydrarchos violently swam towards them cutting off their only last pathway to escape. 
  Seeing the calamity about to unfold Louis looked over towards Trog, a thin smile crossing his face as he reached out a lonely hand. Four beavers shot out from the depths of the water, grabbing the kids around the waist. Hydrarchos flew past them, missing his mark as the beavers pulled the children to safety. 
  Slamming into the wooden dam at its weakest point, the eaten wood collapsed under his combined massive weight. The base of the dam gave way, which sent Hydrarchos cascading down the mountainside along with the great weight of the water. The remarkable dam began to drain behind the vile serpent as he fell to his grand demise. The mountain began to crumple, shake and shimmy above and below, and all about the great beast. Rocks exploded off in all directions as one of Túngarar Spadefoot's great toad armies were swept away in the confusion along with their general.  
  As it became apparent that all were safe, Louis gave Molly a heartfelt hug and sublime kiss, as Tessie did the same for Chug. Short Stack being the ever so comedic and resourceful friend, spoke out as only Short Stack could do...
    "Ribbit...Ribbit...Ribbit..."
  



































~Chapter 12~
The Land Draug of Hagby Tower

  Looking outwards and downwards, over and above the vast and wide spread valleys below Morpeth Falls, desolation and devastation was all that could now be witnessed. Trees had been stripped bare and torn from their roots, boulders and rocks had been shattered and cracked into a thousand pieces, roads were missing, where once fauna and flora grew along lakes and streambeds teaming with life, now only emptiness and nothingness existed. 
  He knew trying to grasp, and follow the meaning of all of the things that had recently Louis began to weep softly as he turned away from his friends.
    "Try not to take this too hard Louis. There is no rhyme or reason to this world, this is not our fight, we are not responsible for all of this destruction and ruin" said Tessie as she tried to console the little wizard.
    "But this is our fault, in part and in whole in so many ways. We were all sent here to this world for our misdeeds in ours. This world is a part of us even if we have never seen it before or been a witness to it. All things living in one way or another are intertwined and juxtaposed to coexist together. It is nature's way. At what point do we try to understand and live the right way, in this world or ours?"
    "You are over-thinking things Louis," added Chug as he looked downwards towards the bottom of Morpeth Falls then over at the empty Morpeth Lake "it are true the obliteration and damage here is mind-boggling in scope and depth. It looks like the world has ended. But Louis these events that brought this into action were set in motion long before we arrived."
    "That is true Chug but I brought this upon Northumberland. I should have done as Túngarar Spadefoot commanded, I should have just went to the city of Elphame where Elphen the White Queen lives and done as he desired of me. This all would have been averted."
    "But Louis if you would have done that only, you may have never found and rescued us from whatever fate had in store for us. You most likely saved all of our lives."
    "Molly that may be true but we will never know for sure."
    "But it is true Noctuid the Witch was going to eat us, she was boiling a cooking pot when you arrived, remember?" asked Molly.
     "Yes I do Molly, but the point I am trying to make now is that you are all safe you have to stay that way, we cannot take another chance. Look at what can happen in this world. Look at the amount of waste you see as we stand on this mountain right now. As far as the eye can see, there is no living thing in sight. 
  What of my other friends in this world, what might have happened to them as well? The cascading water might have flowed through Northumberland, Bramble Forest and towards Deganwy Castle. Residing there are all of my new friends: Atamo the Astral Fairy, Glorandal the Porter, Governor Bregon and Mayor Thithor, Broomstick and Dulinnor as well as so many others I met there. And what of the castle residents, what if the rampaging water destroyed the castle. What if my foolishness has caused them harm? I could never live with myself. I have to grow up at some time in my life," explained Louis as he wiped away another tear. 
    "What are you suggesting then Louis?" asked Molly as she as well looked about the wasted lands around them.
    "Molly, Tessie, Chug and Short Stack, you all have to head back down the mountainside and make for our entry point into this world at the far end of Kingdom of Gwynedd and Deganwy Castle. I will give you the map to follow, to find your way back easier. There at Deganwy Castle, you can find Broomstick the Unicorn and he can take you the rest of the way back to the fairy circle below Centerville. I will mark the spot on the map where I started this quest. 
  I will go onto the city of Elphame where Elphen the White Queen lives. I alone must confront her and do what I must. That way Túngarar Spadefoot will release us from this world, I would have done his biddings and the deal is sealed. 
  He might not know that I had found you and released you all from your bondage. I can only hope that is true. Morrígan the Stone Troll is most likely dead now, Noctuid the Black Witch has been run off deep inside of Bramble Forest, Draconilla the Vampire Bat is most likely dead or missing as well, and we don't know what really happened to Spydos the Arachnide Trarantulas."
    "All those things you say are true Louis but I cannot let you go alone, you will need my help," added Chug as he pleaded with Louis to not go it alone.
    "But wait Chug, the point I am trying to make is that it are possible that his generals and parts of his toad army is scattered. He may not know their fate yet. That is why you must now all travel back to the fairy circle and try for your escape. I will go defeat our last foe, face Spadefoot then join you back in Centerville when I can. If you cannot make it out of the fairy circle without me then wait there, I should be there right behind you in a few days. I just cannot risk you not making it back alive, what would I say to your parents?"
    "But Louis..."
    "No Chug please let me do what I was placed into this world to do, and do it alone..."
    "It will be so very dangerous Louis, how do you kill that which is already dead? The after-walker, the land draug is already deceased Louis. This is nothing to play with. How do you get into the dark tower of Hagby, face her and get out alive? And especially do it alone?"
    "I don't know Molly. I will have to face those things upon my arrival there, but I know for one thing none of you are going with me," stated Louis as a newfound look of determination crossed his face.
    "I am so new to this world and I really don't understand all that has happened Louis and to all of you since you've been here. All I know is that from what I remember, when I awoke here I was an Undertoad and part of Túngarar Spadefoot's army. I can tell you that his army is like a single entity, like a single living thing because these are all of his children their minds are as one, much like that of an ant colony. 
  Let me explain, say they have to get across a streambed, they will have a collective mind to build a road with their bodies over that streambed to reach the other side, they are mindless together in thought, all the while knowing that death could await them if they are at the underside of the ant-ladder. It does not matter to them. They live for the betterment of the colony and the stated goal. I was once that mindless ant, I know. And Louis before I forget, thank you for bringing me back into the world of the living and for saving my life, I will never forget you for that single act of kindness even if it did sting a bit with you slapping me every few minutes. Oh and by the way, nice black-eye I forgot to tell you."
    "Short Stack let's not talk about my eye it's a long story. And I am sorry for slapping you but I had to. Moreover you don't have to thank me Short Stack for saving you, you would have done the same for me ten times over I am sure of it "
     "Now Louis moving forward, you can guarantee that Spadefoot knows of the fate of this dam, this part of his army, and the destruction of his breeding grounds here inside of the mountain. He knows that they have been laid to waste by now. I am sure of it," said Short Stack.
     "What you just stated, that even re-enforces my point that much more about Spadefoot that is why I must go forwards into the Dark City of Elphame alone. He could be furious at us for destroying an area of his, and for taking so many of his foot soldiers to their graves. But even more important than that Short Stack, you and I must sit down before I leave to talk. I have some very important questions for you about Frank Fatbottom Junior."
    "We are all in this together, you will talk in front of all of us, or we all go nowhere Louis," blurted out Molly.
    "Why do you want to talk about him now Louis?" asked Short Stack.
    "Short Stack you have been lost in this world for a week or so. And was at one point a full "Ogbanje" you were already a "child who comes and goes" as soon we all might be again so you do not know what I or Chug, or the others know, and I do not have time to explain all at this time, but I do have questions for you about Frank."
    "As Molly just said we are all in this together Louis so ask the questions and let the chips fall where they may. We all need to know what you know, or think what is going on here" believed Tessie.
   "Yeah Louis I know we have talked before about this but if you know more, you have to speak up" added Chug.
   "Yeah...Louis...what is going on here?" said Molly.
   "Alright first the questions for Short Stack then I will explain what I know, or believe to be the truth everyone."
    "What do you want to ask me Louis?" asked the bewildered Short Stack.
    "When you saw Frank Fatbottom the day before Walpurgis Night did you get a good look at him?"
    "Yes I did. I was downtown and I saw him right before he busted into Tessie Whitman's dad Five and Dime. I was with Growlin Harry hiding in an alley, we saw him clear as day, he rumbled by looking as if he was mad at the world. Why do you ask?"
    "He always wears sweaters and shirts with his name or initials monogrammed, or stitched over his heart right?"
    "That's right. Every time I have seen him, I see his initials or name...and..."
    "Did you see the initials that day...?"
    "Let me search my memory..."
    "Well...?"
    "Yes Louis, I believe that they were there, why?"
   "No answer just yet. Now you always make fun of how big and fat he is, and how many chins he has don't you, and that is one reason he punched you last year, right?"
    "Why are you bringing that up again Louis? It's so painful to think of. I thought you did not want to talk about black eyes and especially yours. Back to your question, well...yes I guess I do make fun of him more than I should and that is why he punched me."
    "How many chins does he have Short Stack, this is important?"
    "Louis, it was...it was...six..."
    "Where are you going with this Louis, I don't understand?" asked Molly.
    "Let me finish a few more questions and then I will elaborate and explain Molly. Therefore, I agree Short Stack he has six chins. I've counted them myself and very recently."
    "Louis what does all this matter?" asked Chug.
    "Chug let me draw this to a close but again Short Stack a few more questions, then we are done. Frank always wears a large pendant on a chain around his neck, right?"
    "I have seen it Louis," said Tessie.
    "Me too..." said Molly.
    "Me as well Louis..." added Short Stack.
    "I thought so, I have seen it too. Now Short Stack you have been to that Foster care home on the outskirts of town have not you. You know that large black house where Frank stays every year when he comes to visit for spring break, and he has lived there on and off over the years, right?"
    "Yes Louis that is where he stays...what else do you want to know?"
    "What is the name of the Foster House, the name of the road that it is on, and what is the name of the lady that runs it?"
    "I don't understand Louis what does all this have in common?"
    "Please Short Stack humor me, and just answer the questions."
"Well Louis from what I remember that horrible place is a foster home where broken kids who come from broken families go to live when they have nothing else, that house is all they have left. The woman that runs that home goes by the name of Elphie. All the kids that live there call her Auntie Elphie. She abuses those kids she hits them, and insults them to no end. Now she is a real witch. I have seen her hit those kids Louis on many occasions."
    "My point exactly...she is a real witch, stay with me on this" said Louis.
    "And the name of the road again is...is...no I even know the address Louis, wait...its. You know I use to go up there all the time and look in the windows for fun to watch her brew those strange concoctions, you know she is a chemist. Oh the address is: 2274 Elpham Road and the name of the home is: Hagby Foster Home for Abused Children."
    "Where is this going Louis?" asked a confused Molly.
    "Yeah Louis enough questions, what is going on in your head?" asked Chug.
    "That's it! I've got it!! Don't you all get it? Short Stack has brought all of my uncertainty, doubts and recent puzzled thoughts to a conclusion."
    "Well what is it Louis, what have you concluded?" asked Short Stack who was just as bamboozled and baffled as the others were.
    "Frank Fatbottom Junior is Túngarar Spadefoot in this world. He was dragged down here with us during the Widdershins dance."
    "It can't be true!" shouted out Tessie.
    "Louis no way" blared out Short Stack. 
    "Listen up everyone. Molly stepped into the fairy circle after dancing one more time around the outside than she should have remember, she went ten times not nine. She fell inside then Tessie jumped in after her, she tried to save her. Then Frank appeared shortly after that.
  Frank chased me and Chug into the center of the fairy circle after Molly and Tessie had just about disappeared down into the wormhole. Then we all saw that evil Sleagh Maith Hairy Fairy as he disappeared with the girls. Next, we were all fighting with Frank. Short Stack you grabbed onto Frank's leg then bit him as Chug jumped on his back. I used the quagga-tail switch then recanted Mr. Beamer's spell as you three fought. I snapped the switch forward and two white lightning bolts shot out from the tip just as Frank grabbed me one last time. Then the ground opened up, we were all dragged down into the wormhole after the girls, then all went blank, and we all ended up here. 
  Now everyone think about that for a minute."
    "It cannot be Louis?" said Molly as she shook her head from side to side.
    "It just can't be" said Tessie.
    "Louis what is this horrible world that has a hold of us all...?" said the frantic Chug.
    "Please listen, I am not finished. Now I am the only one who has seen and spoken to Túngarar Spadefoot in this world. I had a very strange feeling about him from the moment I saw him crawl out of his slimy, greasy lair in Bramble Forest. For some reason I counted his chins, there were six. Then I looked below and saw a fresh bite mark on one leg, thanks to Short Stack and his sharp teeth. After that I saw out of the corner of my eye as Spadefoot turned away from me once, I saw his pendant and the initials FFJ, it was hanging around his neck. Afterwards I saw at the entrance to Bramble Forest a sign over the entrance, FFJ, the initials were carved in a wooden sign over the roadway. I am telling you Frank Fatbottom Junior is Túngarar Spadefoot. 
  This all some kind of awful experiment and I believe that underhanded Mister Beamer is at the bottom of all of this. How many times Short Stack have you gone to Mr. Beamer to ask for help when someone bigger and taller than you bullies you?"
    "Many times, I've talked to him Louis many, many times. He is always so smart and helps me out to like nobody else has."
    "And you Chug how many times have you gone to him when someone teases you about how tall you are?"
    "Just like Short Stack, I have talked with him too many times to mention about the bullies in the world that taunt me, and make my life hard to live in, it is horrible to be bullied."
    "So you see I am correct about him being in the middle of all of this, he understands like nobody else what it's like to be bullied. He has told me before that he use to be bullied as a child. And more important than that, he is a real wizard. Remember when he disappeared using the quagga-tail switch, that day in his barn, we were all there."
    "I remember Louis," said Molly
    "Me too" said Tessie.
    "Now stay with me on this idea about Mr. Beamer being involved in all this. I think that he started that fairy circle for me. Molly you even asked once about how it got there in the first place that time at the rock quarry, a few days or so before Walpurgis Night. Then I had a long conversation with him up in his attic after that. Then I think he left those two books of his that I have been reading for the last few months out for me on purpose in his attic, he knows that I go up there when he is not around, and that I play with his potions and read his books. He wanted me to find those two books then lastly, he left his quagga-tail switch inside of my wizard robe the night of the Widdershins dance. He even left a wizard robe that I found in his attic. This is all pre-planned; I'm telling you it is the plain truth. And I have other observations about the land draug, the Ice Queen Elphen."
    "I've had enough Louis. STOP!!"
    "But Molly we have to talk about this to understand it all."
    "Louis we've all had enough of this conversation. We are all in a terrible mess and if Mr. Beamer is responsible or not, or is trying to teach us a lesson about all of our faults is irrelevant at this time. I do believe you are correct in your reasoning Louis, it all sound like it could be possible. We have all been terrible to Frank Fatbottom Junior, we all laughed at him and teased him about his weight like so many other kids in town and school have."
    "By the way his name is not Frank Fatbottom Junior it's Frank Frankle. As we were all fighting in the center of the fairy ring he called out his real name, remember? I think that if we are all to get out of here alive, that better be the first thing we correct about our behavior. Let's try to give him some respect, even if he does not give us any. For now on, in his presence, and even behind his back we all will call him by his real given name, Frank Frankle."
    "I agree Louis," said Molly.
    "I agree Louis," said Tessie.
    "I agree Louis," said Chug.
    "And I agree" said Short Stack as all the kids gave each other a group handshake.
  All now sat down on a large rock found nearby to take in all that was just discussed. It was so very overwhelming in its scope and depth that it rather took the breath out of each of the exhausted children. They had all been through so much lately. 
  Taking a moment to reflect on what Louis had just confessed to him, Chug took a moment to search about the countryside again that was spread out before them as they sat on the top of the shattered dam. Distant thick, blue fogs began to lift off in the near distance to the north. Looking with renewed interest and thinking of Louis having to still travel into the city of Elphame to find the Ice Queen Chug noted a strange sight.
    "My eyes might be betraying me or lying to me, but I believe I see your next destination Louis. Is that not the city of Elphame and the Dark Tower off in the near distance? Look past the wasteland, the broken beaver dams, and lakes below then over to the north at the base of that one mountain. Can you see that large black tower? The fogs have just lifted in that area, and the city is now exposed."
    "Yes I can see it Chug. What an unkind looking place. It is so dreary and sinister looking. Look again the black granite tower has clearly come into view now. That appears to be only about a half of a day's walk, maybe less. I should have no problem reaching that city."
    "The buildings are all black and look abandoned, not a single light burns in any window. No smoke rises from any chimney, and not a single living thing can be seen on that road heading into or out of the city" said Molly as she began to understand the horror that Louis was soon to face.
    "That is a shady looking place Louis, are you sure you have to go there? Can't you just come with us back to Deganwy Castle then back to the fairy circle? We can all find a way out of here together without you having to go to that dead, soulless city." 
    "No Chug I have to go. It is my destiny in this world. I knew and felt this from the first day I was dragged down into this world. I knew I would have to face my greatest fears in that city, inside of that tower. It all ends in that tower. I don't know why I feel that but, it is the real truth, something just draws me there."
    "We all have to move forward now, we are exposed on this rock, and it is not safe to be out in the open for this long. Who knows what flying creatures could be lurking about, or what other horrible beasts Spadefoot could unleash upon us. Louis you need to mark the fairy circle on the map and then give it to us. We will be there in no more than three days. You will go to that dark city, face your demons, take care of what you need to do, then come quickly back to us safe and sound will you?" asked Molly.
  Marking the map and handing it to Molly Louis then turned and looked towards his best friend Chug, "Don't worry about me Chug. I can see the pain in your face. I will be fine. Let's split up the rest of the food and supplies. I need to travel very light speed is of the essence. All I need is a three-day’s supply of food and a heavy jacket. You all take everything else. Here is the rest of the mugwort root. I know there is so little left. Apply it sparingly. It should be enough to get you to the fairy circle before the full change happens to you. I will be fine without it. I have had more dosages than all of you have. I applied some before you all even knew about its magic."
    "I know I worry about you Louis but you are the strongest kid I have ever met, even though you are no bigger than Short Stack. Growing up with red hair and freckles has made you the toughest kid in the neighborhood. Just keep up that inner strength and be you, and all should be fine in the end."
    "Thanks Chug. All that ribbing you gave me about my freckles over the years is finally paying off then, is what you're trying to tell me then?"
  Both friends smiled freely. 
  After a few moments the supplies were split up, the map was safely tucked away in Molly's pocket and the traveling party and good friends were ready to split ways.
    "This is the hardest thing I have ever done Louis leaving you right now. I know you are smart and resourceful and that all should be well, but what if? What if I never see those beautiful brown eyes again?"
  Louis gave a disarming wink, only for Molly's eyes.
    "I know Molly but don't worry...too...too...much. I will be fine. I am a wildcat on the loose. There is nothing to hamper or hinder me now. I can travel quickly. All I carry is what has been in my pockets the whole time we've been here. I will take the adder stone, those two small books, the quagga-tail switch, a little food and a little water. 
  I will be back to you all in three days. I will meet you at the fairy circle by midnight on the third day, and if you have noticed, the moon above will be full again on that night. I do not know if that is fate or not, but we entered this world on the night of the full Hare Blue Moon, and will leave on a night of that exact moon. I assure you we will."
  The circle of friends was about to be splintered and broken into two, into who knows what fate may come. Hugs, kisses, handshakes, salutations and acknowledgments were offered and accepted by each.
    "Mickey O'Flattery, Short Stack the Leprechaun Deluxe see you soon. Take care of Molly for me, will ya?"
    "You know I will my little wizard friend. See you in three days" said the short Leprechaun.
    "And my Sleagh Maith Hairy fairy Chug that was a great outfit you had on the night of the Widdershins dance. I will never forget that appearance, what a show man...you knuckle dragger."
    "Thanks Louis, you were quite the wizard, I must admit, man that firecracker powder brought the house down, what a show! See you soon. We will be waiting for you at midnight on the third day."
    "Tessie take care of Chug and sorry for scaring you at the fairy circle. You know how boys can be?"
    "Yeah...I know Louis. You and Chug will never change. Boys will be boys. I will take care of Chug and Molly. You better be there at the fairy circle, or I'll be coming back after you," said the smiling Tessie as she gave Louis a big hug.
    "And lastly Molly, I know I don't have to worry about any foul creature eating you in the next few days. I am sure they would bite off more than they could chew when it comes to you. Heck, you might even bite one of them. You take it easy on them, OK?"
    "Yeah I will," said Molly as she made a monster face to the enchantment of the others. And you Louis get your butt back to that fairy circle in one piece, and whatever you do don't let Frank Frankle or Túngarar Spadefoot, or whatever his name is know that we are heading back to the fairy circle to make our escape in three days. I don't want anything to go wrong during the next full moon."
   "Molly I am going to kill the evil, un-dead land draug that is actually dead, and afterwards I will bring her crown back to Spadefoot the Toad King. He can do with it what he wants I have no need for it. Then I will go misplaced. He and I should part in our ways as was first agreed. He will release us from the spell of Noctuid the Black Witch and from his own spells that were placed upon us, then we are free. Look for Glorandal the Porter or Atamo the Astral Fairy who both live in Deganwy Castle, one or the other will show you the safest way back through the Kingdom of Gwynedd, and back to the fairy circle. We will be reunited in three days at midnight. See you all then, take care my good friends and be safe. 
  All was said.
  All was done.
*

  Louis immediately turned away from the others, and started the long climb down the face of the broken dam, then onwards northwards towards the city of Elphame as the others headed south towards the backside of Morpeth Lake, and down the mountainside at the opposite end. 
  Never looking rearward, Louis trudged through the muddy wasteland of the northernmost end of Northumberland, towards his final purpose. The travel was difficult. The earthen roads had been washed away from the busted dam and the overflowing water. There were now traumatized and crushed trees marring the countryside at every turn. Uprooted broad roots, broken rock, and twisted thick branches littered the ground everywhere that Louis tried to step. 
  Wreckage and ruin is all his sorrowful eyes beheld.
  Every few miles fatigue overcame him. A quick bite to eat, a small drink of water, a little rest then another fast read in one of Mr. Beamer's books. The ever-resourceful Louis made dutiful progress as the hours passed by. 
  Not a bird could be seen in flight and not a sound was heard around him, only the calmness of emptiness. Louis was duly alone and he knew it. He could feel it in his soul that it was true, that the land draug was a non-living being. She was a black-hearted soul, and her evil powers were already at work, she was pulling on Louis's young and very suggestible mind the closer he advanced towards her.
  Trying to keep his mind clouded and busy now became his sole purpose as he advanced towards the dead city. Louis could feel the unwarranted advances of the evil spirit trying to enter his mind anytime he was not in deep thought with his mind, his constant daydreaming and wonderings now were almost his downfall, he had to be strong and control his thoughts, before the daydreams were his asset. As he read in his books, Mr. Beamer had clearly outlined several pages directly relating to defeating these mind games. Although Louis was strong-minded how truly strong-willed was he, after all he was so very young?
  Late afternoon arrived as Louis entered the far outskirts of the dark city. Abandoned outbuildings that had long ago been left in disrepair lined both sides of the decaying road. The black dilapidated buildings stretched as far as the eye could see. Windows and doors were shuttered with broken and rotted wood beams, roofs were missing, wooden fences and gates had been left for nature to reclaim. 
  All the while, that little Louis pressed forward the black granite Tower of Hagby loomed large in front of him and pressed down upon him. It depressed his spirits and challenged his resolve. It was if this sole building had a personality and a soul of its own. It reeked of evil, and the smell assaulted his senses with the changing of the winds. 
  The aroma he smelled was that of death, it was as sickly sweet as it was foul and un-fragrant. Knowing that loss of life surrounded him, he feared no living creatures larger or smaller than him with vile thoughts would attack him in this lost city. Freely walking up the road Louis now thought of his mom Hattie May back home in Centerville, he believed he could smell her baking bread coming from her kitchen. He missed her tucking him into his soft, warm bed, and her soft goodnight kisses upon his forehead, each night. He had to continue with these thoughts throughout his journey it could keep him safe and sane in his mind.
  His mind continued to wonder, now thinking about how much he missed his father who had been away at war overseas for what seemed so long now. Was he safe, would he be home soon? Did he miss his only son? He used constructive daydreams and the daydreams released his mind, helping him to overcome the visual horrors that surrounded him.
  Louis finally entered the lost city of Elphame's main plaza. Looking upwards, he crossed the last expanse in his long and dangerous journey towards deliverance. He now stood at the base of the hated and reviled Hagby Tower. The black pearl solid granite blocks reflected and refracted an odd color of ink black and dark blue hues over the little wizards face as the Northumberland moonshine mysteriously hung overhead.
  Removing his thick jacket for a moment Louis knew that he could not enter the dark tower just yet. Time was of the essence but Louis felt that he could not hastily enter the royal domain of the land draug. Mistakes were not a luxury he could afford in this foreboding city. Louis was deeply thinking before he was to confront the Ice Queen. 
  Louis grabbed his coat, slung it over his shoulder then headed for a small boarded up shop at one end of the square. He forced his way through the front door, after that he found a place to sit down, to rest and contemplate.
  Slumping down into a well-worn sofa chair, pulling his thick jacket over his body then lowering his head down upon his chest, he suddenly became very drowsy. Closing his sleepy eyes and letting his mind release further into a state of well-being, Louis slept deeply.
  His dreams this afternoon did not haunt him like in the past. Serenity, stillness and calm claimed his thoughts for some strange reason. His mind was playing wonderful tricks upon him inside of his deserving forty winks. He believed he was lazily drifting in a soft, perfumed fluffy white cloud high above Centerville, Indiana. Looking below off the edge of the cloud, he saw his comfortable farmhouse with the white picket fence surrounding it. He saw his favorite swing-chair sitting on the front porch with a sprawled out Muncy deeply sleeping the afternoon away. His tail was wagging in rhythm with the cadence of the swing. How Louis wished he were sleeping the afternoon away with his best friend and friend. 
  Slowly drifting northwards on a sweetly scented, velvety and inviting spring wind, the Centerville schoolhouse with all of his friends playing outside in the playground now came into view below him. Growlin Harry was chasing Stuttering Sammy across the baseball field as Becky Turner pushed Jay Loren off the swing set. Louis began to miss all of his friends and family again, and all the fun they had together. Gently floating now over downtown Centerville only enforced his yearnings tenfold.
  His pleasant dream-state came to a sudden halt faster than a housefly escaping a rolled up newspaper.
  A stinging bite on Louis's neck brought him immediately out of his peaceable sleep. Slapping lightly at the side of his neck as fast as he could did not end the gentle and friendly attack. Promptly opening his lazy eyes Louis spotted his two old friends.
    "Nary be the fairy of lighthearted thoughts...winks...blinks...flickers and flashes and twinkles. A wizard we must trust, a fairy tender not..."
    "Dulinnor the Companion Bird, I see you still have a hitch-hiker riding for free upon your back. Has he been a burden? You should charge him a dime for each ride," said the playful Louis.
  Rubbing at the small bite mark, Louis widened his eyes, as his mood at once lightened.
    "Times of no delay can only wait for a next day. Little wizard has done well. Can't you tell? Free, freely, freedom so soon be the delight...not till the new mornings light..."
    "Atamo your twisted and bent words are as confusing to me as ever, but it is sure great to see you again. And I am so glad that your teeth are so small, or you would be drawing blood with each hello and goodbye. I would be a half pint low if your teeth were bigger. Then you could call me Half-Pint. Good fairies have to bite don't they? It makes them happy."
  Dulinnor darted and dashed about the small room high above Louis's head and shoulders as Louis stood up and began to dance a little jig.
    "Dancing, singing, bells soon will be ringing if wizard delays one day and rest the night away. Chose the fight, times must be right. Nary be the fairy of lighthearted thoughts...winks...blinks...flickers and flashes and twinkles. A wizard we must trust, a fairy tender not..." said Atamo as he circled about the room one more time on the back of Dulinnor his Companion Bird.
  As Louis slowed his dance, the words of Atamo echoed again, in his ears, "I hear you Atamo. That is three times now you have said that to me in the last week or so. What are you trying to tell me? Nary be the fairy of lighthearted thoughts...winks...blinks...flickers and flashes and twinkles. A wizard we must trust, a fairy tender not. I do not understand your words. Where is Glorandal the Porter or Broomstick when you need them? Speaking of Broomstick, did the Morpeth dam break? And the ensuing floods did they miss the Kingdom of Gwynedd and Deganwy Castle? Is everyone safe are all of my friends safe?"
    "The stone walls of Deganwy are strong as your friendships, never breaking...hearts not aching...,” said Atamo as he smiled at Louis.
    "Well I did understand that Atamo. I am so glad that I did not cause any undue harm to my friends and yours, and that the dam did not destroy the Kingdom of Gwynedd’s water. Have you seen Molly, Tessie and my other two friends? Did you pass them on the road on your way here?"
    "The stone walls of Deganwy are strong as your friendships, never breaking...hearts not aching...heading towards the castle soon be ready for extraction. Fairy circle tender soon will be needed...so friendships never broken."
    "That is good news. From what I can understand of your words to me, all is well and everyone is just waiting for my return from my last deed here? Why have you come to this awful place? Are you here to help me, or are you just checking up on me. Help me understand Atamo."
  Atamo pulled on the ragwort of Dulinnor's back to guide him gently, into a better line of sight with Louis. The small hummingbird dropped down in elevation, he now hovered in flight directly in front of Louis.
    "Only a lastly word of thought and remember...I see you are safe...rest is a must. Broomstick is wayward bound to help you gain ground. Ice Queen is trickster, cheater do not trust her. She knows you are here, rest then finish your quest. A wizard not a fairy tender...courage my modest friend...courage..." said Atamo as he winked, and blinked...I will send two other friends to help you tonight being the time is right..."
  Trying to ask another few questions of Atamo the Astral Fairy proved fruitless; Louis could not. Leaning forward the little fairy whispered something into one of Dulinnor's ears.
  They went absent.
  As quickly as they had arrived, was a quickly as they both departed. Out through the front door of the broken down store, away they were flying back towards the Kingdom of Gwynedd and Deganwy Castle, back towards their comfortable homes.
  Racing to the front door Louis sadly watched his two friends rapidly fly off southwards. Standing on the sidewalk outside, Louis looked upwards again at Hagby Tower. A new, harsher reality was brought to bear upon Louis as he stood there. He now realized that he might not survive this and that the foreboding evil tower looming into front of him could harbor his coffin and soon become his stony burial chamber.
  His light-hearted mood became gloomy again knowing that he was once again alone in the last place he ever wanted to be, or ever thought he would find himself. Literally, Louis was at death's door and would soon be knocking on it, hoping to be allowed in.
  As Louis entered his temporary quarters, he began to decode and try to understand the words of wisdom imparted to him by Atamo. Slumping back into the sofa chair Louis ran the words over and over in his mind. He could make sense of most of them and of those he took them to heart, and as for the ones he could not make sense of, they encircled and entwined his mind like a test mouse caught in a never-ending maze in an awful scientific experiment. Those twisted words drifted off into infinity and infinite space as Louis became weary again.
    "Atamo told me to rest tonight and not rush into the tower, and that this could be my downfall to not think this through. He said two friends of his are coming. And he said to be courageous. Rest I will tonight here and I will be courageous in the morning at least I will try. But most of all and the best news is, all my friends are well and still heading down the correct road in the right direction back to the fairy circle. The castle is still standing and everyone who lives there survived the floods of Morpeth, and the other good news is that, Broomstick is on his way to help me. 
  Atamo is indeed a good friend. I will take his advice."
  After starting a very small fire at the back of the room, Louis reheated a small batch of leftover soup that Tessie had made a day before. Eating a few bites of dried lake trout and a few handfuls of berries, Louis was satisfied and ready for sleep. Searching about the shop Louis found a few old pillows then pulled down the cloth window blinds. He fashioned a comfortable bed for the evening, at the back of the room by the fire. Knowing that nothing else was living in this city but a semi-dead land draug in the house next door, Louis was able to bundle up against the chill of the softening evening temperatures and fall into a semi-somnolent and somewhat restful sleep.
  Closing his weary eyes Louis began his endless nighttime dreaming but the dreams of this night had more purpose and meaning than any night's dreams before. Backwards thinking Louis again tried to reason out his relationship with Frank Frankle, Mr. Beamer's involvement in this world and his own shortcomings that brought him to death's door. As his mind relaxed, it expanded and grew in wisdom and insight. 
  Remembering the farsighted and visionary words found in Doctor Northumberland's book (giving to him by Mr. Beamer) Louis brought his mind-eye into focus, which was something he had never known before. Releasing his hatred against Frank Frankle brought his "First Eye". He remembers seeing Frank punch Short Stack in the eye, blackening it instantly. It caused so much grief and pain to Louis...and Short Stack...that he could not ever forget the sorrow he saw on one of his friends face. High thinking and remembering of Doctor Northumberland's words opened his eyes to the problem.
  His First Eye opened The Eye of Sight. 
  As his mind expanded outwards into space, once again his "Second Eye" focused. The eye of reason, meditation, and reflection became apparent to him as he slumbered well into the night. To become a high-thinker Louis released his hatred against the violent act against his friend, and reasoned that Frank was driven to that act by way of all of his friends treatment of him, and by the treatment of others against Frank, leading up to that one singular moment in time. 
  Louis had been a part of the teasing, hateful words, mockery, and joking about Frank's weight over the years. He now understood the pain he and his friends had caused Frank, and how it had affected him, and filled him with hate of the world.
  His Second Eye opened The Eye of Reason. 
  Louis now finally understood the truth and his role in bringing this to fulfillment. He now meditated and reflected over the loss of his friendship that he had once had with Frank. His young mind was now maturing beyond his years because he knew there was no confusing knowledge with depth, with the transformation of the consciousness and awareness of itself. The mystical gaze built upon the first two eyes collided in his mind as his mystical "Third Eye" opened to him. The Third Eye he saw in front of his forehead, it lingered in time and space. It glowed blue and radiated wisdom, bringing into focus his other two eyes.
  His Third Eye Opened The Eye of High-Thinking. 
  His training was complete; he saw the "Eye of Providence".
  As the lingering hours passed, he slept upon the doorstep of his destiny. Louis now felt he was ready to end this story. 
  Being small for his age, having red hair, bright red freckles and having a tendency to daydream Louis had been bullied and picked on his entire young life, because of this, although not to the same degree as Frank Frankle had, this he felt it gave him an insight into the deep horrible feelings that Frank was experiencing. 
  The smallest words of hatred can cause so much harm to so many, and it is so easily done, and done without thought sometimes, and done in hatred of yourself at other times. Louis now reasoned that he would have to give Frank a heartfelt apology to be able to be friends again. If Frank would accept his apology, or not, was another thing, but Louis had to try, his spiritual and physical journey was now complete, and the truth would set him free.
  
*

The new day's dawn erupted on the western horizon, as the blue moon's light brought warmth into the small ramshackle and decaying shop. Slowly awaking, Louis noted a strange oddity as the new light of the day broke the nothingness of the passing night's light.
    "Why is my hair tangled and knotted? Has something visited me in the night?"
  Upon fully waking and rubbing, the night's sleep from of his eyes Louis searched for a self-effacing mirror. Seeing a cracked and un-level one hanging on a back wall, Louis approached it with fear and misgivings in his footsteps. He now stood before his image and himself in distrust. He looked bedraggled, unkempt and scruffy. 
  Carefully thinking Louis arrived at a reason.
    "Fairy locks, elf-locks, I have been accosted and buttonholed in the hours of darkness by a good fairy. Atamo and his friends watched over me in the night, keeping me safe and this is their way of telling me so without waking me from my sleep. I will take this as a good sign," said Louis aloud as he smiled at his newfound and very odd fashion statement "I might be able to just scare off this land draug with a look like this and just look at that shiner. I am a sorry sight to see alright."
  Not being able to remove the knots in his hair Louis just accepted the comical outcome. Looking at his overall appearance Louis looked like the most unlikely and doubtful of wizards to grace a fairytale, or a real world for that matter. His wizard robe was oversized, wrinkled, dirty and worn, and his turned up shoes at the toes were now turned down and limp. His fingers and feet were slightly webbed, his black tongue was still present, and the warts and growths from being an Ogbanje Changeling were ever more apparent than ever before. He was a partial undertoad and a partial child wizard. 
  His attempt at being a real illustrious wizard had all but lost its luster and appeal to him. His time in this world now showed its full wear in his eyes and his appearance. Louis trying to be a real hero still resided in his heart, but not in his present thoughts. Turning sadly away from the mirror Louis gathered his belongs. He put out the small fire then headed for the front door. Taking a deep breath and gathering his thoughts, he exited the small shop and walked out to the broken sidewalk. 
  The moon's light radiated soft light blues hues throughout the large plaza, refracting light all along the black granite panels of the alarming tower. Heading cautiously for the front entrance Louis once again stopped to ponder what was about to befall him. A hesitant few more steps and the reluctant hero found himself at the massive front door of the black tower. Looking upwards odd writings caught his eye.

Welcome to the City of Elphame
2274 Elpham Road
Hagby Tower
     
  In a slow methodical tone, Louis spoke out, as his fears and truths of this dwelling had become a reality.
    "This is the home of the Ice Queen and there is no turning back now. I've come so far, I have to be brave and face my fears and myself. This journey has ended, and now all is clear what this tower is, and who really resides here. I had always believed that this was the truth, now it is here before me. The address...?"
  Louis's chess tightened and grew heavy as he tried to take in a deep breath of morning air, all the while his legs faltered beneath him.
  Then looking uncertainly towards the left side of the great wooden door Louis spied the last thing in this world that he wanted to read again.     


krapsioultreborsyalereh
ecaepnitserehyam
dlosraey01
  "Not once more, it can't be."
  Lowering his head stricken with grief, he turned away from the door.
    "This unnatural world is against me at every turn. I am not "the hero", or "the savior" of this world or the liberator of my friends. Why would I be sent here? The writing is on the wall, right here in front of me again."
  Standing at the base of the door Louis was about to give up his quest to save his friends and try to return to Centerville when a glimmer of hope and courage entered his mind. Looking at the writings with his name on it again, it suddenly hit him like an unseen snowball in the face from a good friend. There was an error in the writings.
 
Here lays Robert Louis Parks
May he rest in peace
10 years old

    "I am not ten years old, I am twelve. How could I have missed that before? Therefore, this means the foretelling is not correct. I am not fated to die in this world the Möjebro Runestone inside of the fairy circle is mistaken as well in determining my fate, just as the writings on this tower are also mistaken."
   With this newborn information brightening his spirits, Louis wholly rang the doorbell then in frustration, he awaited his fate. After a few moments, the door unexpectedly began to open before him. Stepping quickly towards his left away from the slowly opening door Louis heard a very deep and very peculiar voice call out to him.
    "Enter at your own risk. She awaits your arrival little wizard."
    "What kind of creature are you?" asked Louis as he stood in front of the wide open door wondering what to become of the bloodcurdling, yet outlandishly funny looking little individual.
    "I am Hobthrust. I am a Hobgoblin. I also have been called a hob. I live inside of Hagby tower in my hob hole provided generously by the Ice Queen. She takes care of me, and I take care of her. I guess you could call me her House-Hob. I am the caretaker of this tower.
    "Nice to meet you Hobthrust, I have never seen a more hairy little boy in my whole life. Is that what you, are a boy.
    "I do look young for my age, but I am over three hundred years old. Please do not let these prickly claws and spiky fangs scare you off. Matter of fact most little children that come to Hagby tower, ring the bell and then see me, they become so afraid that they run off, then I have to chase them down, catch them, then bring them into the tower to see the Ice Queen, mostly when they are already dead, or well on their way to being so. Therefore, I am glad you did not run off if you know what I mean. 
    "Yes I do know what you mean."
    "You seem to be a different kind of wizard though. We do get a few wizards from time to time but they are always found out to be tricksters, cheats or charlatans so they always end up becoming fertilizer for our garden out back, or a main ingredient in our daily stew depending on how tough their skin is after its been cooked."  
    "There we go again everyone always wants to eat little children. I just get tired of it."
    "Well that fad has been going around in fairy tales for a long time you know, and has just recently caught on in real life down here in Northumberland. You should try one some time, they are very tasty if seasoned just right. They taste like chicken."
  Louis gulped twice.
  Trying to quell his fears and his wild internal emotions, and not be eaten, Louis continued to banter with the hob, trying to gain as much information as possible about Hobthrust and the Ice Queen.
    "So you have had many wizards, and little boys, and I would assume some little girls ringing this doorbell, why?"
    "Yes many little boys and girls ring this bell. They seek what you seek. And as for me, you see Túngarar Spadefoot helped me get this job, he gave me a good recommendation. I use to work for him years ago. I cooked many children for him. He sent me here to tend to the queens needs and her appetite. Once she saw my true culinary skills, she hired me on full time. I have cooked three hundred children by my account. Does that scare you?"
    "Should it?"
    "You are a little boy, and look like you are trying to be a wizard. You do the math."
    "No that statement does not scare me, and I am a wizard, and you were right, I am a different kind of wizard. I truly am a real wizard."
    "If you say so little wizard, and again yes we do get many little children at our door ringing this bell. Túngarar Spadefoot sends them here. He gives them hope that they are the "chosen one" to bring down the queen. He tells them that the only way to get back to their homes is to kill the land draug, the White Queen and bring him back her jewel-incrusted crown. Hope is such an evil thing, it has done so much damage throughout the ages" said Hobthrust as he moved to the side of the doorway and motioned for the little, hopeful wizard to enter Hagby tower.
  Feeling a large gust of not natural and chilly air exit the Ice Queen's nest, the air had a strange, repugnant aroma to it that Louis had smelled before but he could not place the smell for the life of him. Taking another deep breath Louis now stopped dead cold in his tracks while the chilling feeling of being soulless, and mostly lifeless passed him over. 
    "She is a soul-stealer you know, that is if you live. I know you just sensed that at the doorway. In addition, if you do live through this, you will live in purgatory and be surrounded by lifeless bodies. For the rest of your natural days in Northumberland. It is not too late to run for it, I will catch you, and then your death will be quick and painless. I do have very sharp claws and teeth as you can see."
  Trusting his better instincts and inner sixth sense, and knowing that he does not run very fast, Louis walked forward into the icy unknown. Heading up a long rising corridor paved with ice on the floor and walls, the hobgoblin and the wizard both fell silent, lost in thought. Louis wondered what the land draug; the Ice Queen would look like, and if his readings in Mr. Beamer's book and his talk with Atamo the Astral Fairy could save him. Was he really ready for this? 
  Was he a "real hero"? 
  Hobthrust simply wondered what excellent spices to apply, to bring the best taste out of the boney Louis stew that would surely be served for tonight's dinner.
    "Halt here hopeful one. I will call for the White Queen."
  Hobthrust raised one of his deathly claws. He pulled down on a thick-knotted rope hanging at the entrance to a secondary, interior frosty door that was tightly closed before them. 
    "What is your title little wizard? I must announce your arrival to the Queen of Hagby Tower."
    "I go by the name of, Louis the Red from Centerville Indiana."
    "Very catchy name, but have you looked in the mirror lately?"
    "Just summon the queen you hairy little boy, and you can keep the spices in the spice rack tonight. You are going to be unemployed before the day is over do you know that. Do you have your resume in order?" said the sarcastic and mocking Louis.
    "Thanks for the heads up on my future job prospects. Oh and did you know, we are now serving ticket number 301. Louis stew is on the menu tonight" offered up the ever hungry, wisecracking, and thickheaded little hobgoblin.
  The tower caretaker spoke loudly into a nearby megaphone hanging off the wall.
    "The Ice Queen of Northumberland, Queen Elphie of Hagby tower, you have a visitor. He is a "real hero" he claims, and goes by the name of Louis the Red from Centerville Indiana. He wishes to make your acquaintance and stand in your royal presence. He says he has business with you."
  A solitary spotlight now illuminated high over Louis's head. The solitary blue light profiled Louis against the dim flickering lights that shone along the long icy hallway that they just passed through. Standing now with slumped shoulders and a more arched back like that of toad, the dark magic from the tadpole bite had taken its toll on his boyish body. His bedraggled elflocks stood on end, as his dirty wizard robe highlighted the plight that Louis had taken to get to this point in his long very eventful journey. He stood before the entrance to the great ice hall beaten down, and all but beaten.
  The solid ice secondary door slowly opened before Louis, as Hobthrust now hurried passed him, scurrying the best he could towards the kitchen doors at the very far end of the great expanse, he disappeared, again lost in thought. Looking upwards as he stepped into the White Queen's nest, all Louis witnessed was solid ice as far as the eye could see. 
  The great hall had a thick glass ceiling, which allowed muted light to radiate and funnel down into the very central part of the large lower chamber of the tower. Two solid ice stairways lined both sides of the interior of the building, rising up to anti-chambers and sleeping quarters near the upper reaches. 
  The great hall rose upwards to over twenty stories tall at the highest point, and had to have been over a hundred yards long and just as wide. Two superior and much larger interior circular ice stairways, which started at both ends of the room, wound upwards towards where the focal point of the light shined down. Louis could not yet set the destination point of the supernatural and ghostlike light.
  Beginning to climb the long stairway Louis's heart pounded wildly about in no particular normal rhythm inside of his skeletal chest, the quaking pulse of his small heart rang out like a Sunday church bell inside of his ears. His hands began to drip a cold sweat as his hot breath formed slivery ice crystals as they passed over his quivering lips. He began to slightly shiver it was so cold inside of the frosty palace.
  Upon reaching a flat platform at the top of the frozen steps, Louis looked upwards towards where the two grand ice stairways merged into one. A round stage bonded in hoarfrost jetted outwards into the very center of the great hall, and sitting upon her arctic throne sat the regal White Queen of Northumberland. 
  Majestically sitting, deep-rooted in her stately throne, her long flowing white linen robes were encrusted with precious stones and gems, which were found elegantly draped over her narrow frame. Her arms were slender and lanky. Her fingers were slight, long and lean with perfectly crafted nails found at the tips. Long supple flaxen white hair hung down into the region of her thin waist, which could not have been over twenty inches wide. 
  She was tall and stately, and noble. She had high-set cheekbones, a long limited and delicate nose set upon fine white porcelain colored skin. Her eyes were a one of a kind strangest color of cobalt blue, they glowed a wraithlike color as an archangel's halo might inside of a full blue moon. 
  The dignified queen unhurriedly rose up before Louis. She was now standing a majestic six foot three inches tall. Louis came to a clumsy halt at the top of the merging stairways. A few more hops and Louis at this moment stood directly in front of the entombed and depraved queen. Both stared the other down, like predator and prey might on a faraway African plain.           
  Which was the predator, which was the prey?        
  Their eyes locked as Louis offered up the first of many bombardments.
    "You are most beautiful oh regal queen. I am blessed to be in your presence and thank you for allowing me into your humble abode." 
    "What were you expecting my unimportant, little phony wizard?" said the picturesque and most fine-looking ruler "I am a magnanimous queen, and you are only a falsified, and wannabe child-wizard. Many children with high hopes have stood before me where you are standing now. Many have wangled and tricked their way into my chambers past the simple-minded and dull-witted Hobthrust, only to die a callous and quick death. What brings you here, you liar and charlatan?"
    "Why do you display so much hatred and anger towards me? We have now only been formally introduced. You must be afraid of me. Who is the prey and who is the predator in this room today, is that the question on both of our minds? Am I the prey? I am just a small child from a faraway land who as you say, claims to be a falsified wizard, and you are the enslaved owner of this magical and most delightful tower with powers beyond anyone in this land, except that of the bug-eyed Toad King. You have been caged by your archrival and hated adversary Túngarar Spadefoot. You see I know much about your past and can foretell the future, for I have many tricks and talents that you do not know of yet."
    "All who have stood in front of me, at the foot of my royal throne have been told the same story by that dullard Túngarar Spadefoot. He gives them hope that if they kill me then he will release them back into their world, to be reunited with their families. Love is such a needless emotion. I personally never exercise the emotion unless it comes from the love I feel, as I take the life out of the next nonperson, witless child who enters my chambers."
    "Hope and love are strong emotions that only humans have. Of course, you being an after-walker you would not have these two most sublime of emotions. I carry them both with me in my heart of hearts today as I stand before you. 
  Now down to business. I hope that you will cooperate with me so I will not have to take your life today, as it has been written in your prophecies inside of this land. Once written and believed by all is that a "true hero" not a "real hero" will arrive one day to defeat you and to fully end your woeful life. I know that you are a land draug a partially "un-dead being" and that you would truly like to pass back into the world of the dead, therefore letting your troubled soul find a final resting place, within peace and quiet. You were once a great ruler on all lands of the Kingdom of Gwynedd so long ago, and I know you were once your enemies cast a wise and trusted ruler until an evil spell upon you. During your life now, you are an awful person, and have caused pain and misery to so many. I know that black magic was used. The toad king upon your fiery death in this same tower cast a spell upon you three hundred years ago. However, you did not fully die because of your troubled soul and awful deeds upon this earth in your current and not so long ago living days. I now offer you hope for redemption, to find a final resting place. And I hope you have some love still left in your craven and black-hearted soul to do as I ask. If you do as I ask you will have all that I have just offered you, eternal peace."           
    "And what do I have to do to find this peace that you believe I crave?'
    "I have come for you jeweled crown that sits upon your head. Your husband who was once the king of the Kingdom of Gwynedd, he sat upon his royal throne in Deganwy Castle one time owned it. He once held that title and his name was: Æthelfrith of Northumbria."
    "Yes that was my husband, and I remember sitting upon the throne by his side in an earlier time, in the high-ancient times, but those days have passed. That regal and noble queen has died, and I have been reborn into the form you now see. There was a great fire here once over three hundred years ago as you said. 
  A perceived real hero like yourself once visited me as you have he stood before me. He was most ill-tempered and bad mannered. His name was Grettir Ásmundarson. He was from Bjarg. His grandfather was Önundur; he was a famous Viking king who had enormous strength and was ill tempered and bad mannered. His grandson held his same traits. Both had bright red hair and freckles like you have, and both had broad round eyes, they were a dark brown like yours are. Are you the great, great grandson of Grettir?"
    "I could be" said the clever and quick thinking Louis, "continue please."
    "We will just have to see about that won't we? Now as for your future questions about Grettir and our battle, you see I am a corporeal ghost, strong and formidable, and I have the black magic powers of Necronomicon. I am a Necromancer. You cannot kill what is already dead everyone knows that. Now, Grettir tried his best to do this, and was a great warrior in his own right. He only managed to burn down my tower, my home that day. He did not kill me and I almost escaped back into the wilds of Northumberland, and if I would have I would have wreaked revenge upon his family, my capturers and from upon the warden, The Toad King."
    "Revenge is a horrible emotion, only love and hope can cure that emotion."
    "You are a wise wizard but my heart is too broken and shriveled to be cured."
    "Continue on, why did you not survive that day and return to seek your revenge?"
    "Revenge was not to be mine that day. Túngarar Spadefoot and his toad army had followed Grettir that day to my tower. They managed with the help of Noctuid the Black Witch to best my most powerful dark magic. They caged me in ice, my only weakness was now apparent to them. They then built this granite tower and placed me inside of this ice palace so that the fires that almost killed me completely that day could not happen again. They want me to suffer and live a long, lonely life here. 
  Spadefoot really only wants the crown of Æthelfrith of Northumbria and the powers it has. He does not really care if I live or die. I truly believe he would most likely prefer that I live in this tower for eternity just to spite me. Now back to the fire, you see only fire can burn my...as you say...can burn my blackened and craven heart. But there is nothing to burn here; there is only frozen ice as far as the eye can see. Therefore, I can never be killed, and can never leave this world in a different form. His black magical powers is not strong enough to fully kill me anymore, nor is that of Noctuid's the Black Witch that is why he seeks another wizard to kill me. On the other hand, rob me of my golden throne, only then will he be able to take his undertoad army and rise out of these lands up through the wormhole and into your world. And if he rises up there in your world, he will destroy humankind and become the ruler of all living things that reside there."
  Louis's mind began to race. The Ice Queen had revealed to him so much without realizing it. Could there be away to defeat the queen after all? Not being able to find the answers he was seeking just yet Louis tried his best to keep the conversation going before the queen would strike him where he stood, or cast a spell upon him, or what if Hobthrust would return to whisk him away into a pot of Louis stew, as Noctuid the Black Witch wanted to do?
    "That is a sorrowful story indeed. You must be lonely in this castle day and night?"
    "No not really, I have many brave children visit me almost weekly, trying to return home with Spadefoot's prodding's."  
    "I am not like the other children. I am a Grand-Master Fairy Tender and a Great Wizard. I have done my homework on you, and I have the teachings of Mr. Beamer to help me defeat you."
    "Ah yes I have heard of that great wizard Mr. Beamer, he once visited this land many years ago. He stirred up the dreams of hopes of many children who are enslaved in this land, he almost took them all home, and back into your world but he could not, his magic was just too weak. Maybe he sent you here. Maybe he trained you for this task?"
    "Maybe he did, maybe not. Let us stay on topic. I understand more about you than you know and I will defeat you this day, and send you to your domino-effect demise if you do not heed my request to relinquish your crown to me. You know I am in the sixth grade beware, and I like doing homework."
  The White Queen smirked queerly at this odd quip from young Louis then spoke, "Young wizard it is not too late for you yet. Every child that enters my ice tower I offer them hope before their grand demise at my wicked hand. Take this offering, this nourishment and willingly swallow it down, and you can become one with me in spirit. If you ingest this with a loving heart for me then your soul, and my soul will comingle, and you can become all that you wish to be, now and forever." The White Queen introduced to Louis a small, odd-colored herb. She tossed it over to Louis.
  Upon catching the oddity, Louis pondered the offer for only the slightest of moments.
    "This is just trickery and a scam. You are only trying to cloud my young mind so you can moderate my great powers. 
  No deal. 
  As I said moments before, I will defeat you this day, and send you to your un-artful demise if you do not heed my request to relinquish your crown," said Louis.
    "In the future you may change your mind about me for the better. So keep that offering until that day comes. As for now well you sound like you do have my best interests in mind, now let me think a moment to ponder your statements to me."
    "Take your time, because time is something you appear to have a lot of, but not for long."
    "Let me digress and wander a bit in thought if you will. You come into my castle, threaten me with death, state that you are going to rob me of my jeweled crown, my prized possession and then you try to frighten me, by telling me that you are a predator, and that I am the prey. And all of this is for my well-being. You must truly be a great fairy tender to be able to accomplish this, and you must be the bravest little boy-wizard that I have ever seen, or had the pleasure to know. What great powers reside within you that you believe you can bring about, all that you have just promised and stated?"  
    "I will show you my skillful and magical powers if need be, you don't have to worry about that just yet. Speaking of great powers, why is everyone so afraid of you? I have not seen any of your notable magic yet. Everyone says you are a great sorcerer, a conjurer, and a juggler of dark magic. Care to show me some of your notable skills?"
    "You doubt my illustrious magic boy-wizard? Louis the Red my powers, behold..."
  Opening her two palms upwards towards the heavens above, she slowly raised her arms above her head in a most dramatic of manners. And as she did this, she began to speak in a low guttural voice while she went into a trance-like state:

Goblins, children, elves and unicorns beware
Undertoads and tadpoles live in blackened and infected waters everywhere
 
A boy-wizard has entered my icy home
he shall be eaten very soon
 
He will be seasoned and cooked in boiling water by noon
in the muted light of the Northumberland blue moon

All children taste like chicken
behold my great magic 

  Her frosty majesty began a graceful glide across the ice-covered stage; her long linen dress hid her fanciful footwork. Looking downwards towards the bottom of her dress Louis could not see her footfalls. The after-walker appeared to not really walk at all. It was more as if she floated in a willowy dance towards Louis. Stumbling backwards Louis did not really know, comprehend or understand what he was actually seeing, his mind twisted up in loops as tried to capture the vision unfolding before him.
  The closer she advanced, the more beautiful she was to behold to the eye. Her loveliness was truthfully ever so simple, yet truly confounding at the same time. Slipping on the ice Louis fell to his knees as the queen of Elphame, Queen Elphen lifted off the ground. Rising in elevation, she now was hovering overhead, out into the greater expanse of the great Hagby tower. 
  Louis who was still in a praying position raised his head up to where the semi-dead queen lingered in flight, about one hundred feet above him. The muffled blue light from the Northumberland sky silhouetted her thin frame against the backdrop of the ice-covered walls. Her linen dress now reflected an off color of pale blue, which Louis had never seen before. Her polished featherlike appearance brought tears to Louis's eyes. She appeared to be a guardian angel in flight.
    "Yes my child, my beauty has been known to bring tears to the eyes of those who are truly enlightened, and to individuals who are duly engaged in this world, and can appreciate its splendor and beauty. Pray to me my son" understood the wicked and cunning queen. 
  The evil spells of her beauty began to work its magic upon poor, modest Louis. 
  Louis tried to speak but could not. Words now were a luxury that he could not summon.
    "Your mind will soon be mine and your soul, because I know the ways of the Necronomicon magic, and I am a Necromancer. Last night I tried to enter your mind but I could not, your mind was stronger than I thought it would be. As you slept, I entered your chambers found outside at my doorstep. Two astral fairies sent to guard you by Atamo the Fairy thwarted me. Orlaith and Eldon (who are brother and sister) they wrapped your hair in fairy-locks last night which prevented the transformation of your weak soul out of your body. It was going to be mine to take, but now I can see and feel that your mind is starting to weaken even more, and that their magic is fading as we speak."
  Being an almost lost soul and soulless in the land of the misplaced and mislaid Louis thought one last time of his doting mother back home. True love reentered his mind, it was his only hope, now "real hope from a real hero" became his once again, because in his minds-eye, his third eye he could now see the un-hidden truth. 
  Noting a slight change in Louis's manner, The White Queen tried once again to tug at his mind. She strived to wrench his mind into "The Nothingness" that she the Necromancer offered him.
  Now standing with a new resolve and firmness in his kind heart Louis remembered the ways of Noctuid the Black Witch and her witch mask. Thinking of the knowledgeable and wise words spoken to him from Atamo the Astral Fairy, Mr. Beamer and Digger the Rabbit Louis, Louis's third eye could now see with crystal clarity. 
  His mind was in correct focus for the first time since his decent into this awful place. Clearing his throat, calming his breathing and quelling his nerves Louis spoke out his first real words of truth, "Your Necronomicon magic is indeed very powerful, it is as superior as your natural beauty and its pull upon my mind, but beauty is only skin deep and I can prove it. Now it is my turn to show you my great magic...behold...Necromancer."
  Spinning about like an acrobat in a circus the young wizard Louis tried to command the evil queen's full attention inside of his physical skills, then coming to a finely-tuned halt with his hands still spinning like tops, he gave pause for a moment to highlight once again his physical skills. Afterwards he reached into his rumbled wizard robe. He produced the adder stone then spoke out, "Its beauty will outshine your outward magnificence. Beauty lies in the eyes of the beholder. Tell let the truth. 
  Behold this..."
  The adder stone shot to life as it began to vibrate inside Louis's unfolded fingers and flat palm. The voiceless blue light from above shone down upon its rounded body. The eerie blue lights of Northumberland radiated down upon the adder stone. Sending refracted, reflected, slap-scattered and backscattered visual light arcing, arching and bending into and though out the great icy hall. The oscillating and osculating lights split into all the splendiferous colors of a natural rainbow. 
  As the supernatural lights began to rapidly spin and swirl about the great expanse of the tower, the White Queen began to believe in the great wizard. Was she the prey? She landed softly back upon her throne as Louis the Red shouted out to the heavens that she had just been floating in.
    "Although your great beauty pulls upon the minds of the weaker amongst us, it will not pull anymore down upon mine. I claim my soul as my own. No more will I be bullied; I will not let others bully me! I will not kowtow down to the bigger, or the stronger, the richer, or the prettier, the faster, or the meaner, the nastier, or to a group of my peers. My life is my own, it is up to me how I react to these people, and the settings they put me in, and of those of my own undoing. I am a Great Wizard! I am a Great Fairy Circle Tender! My mind will not lower to the standards of others,   
  THEY CANNOT HURT ME! 
  I claim myself in this world to free of those horrible emotions for all time. You White Queen, your Necronomicon black magic will not work upon me either, for you are the ultimate bully. I am greater than any Necromancer and their black magic. I claim my right to not worry what others think of me, and to free myself from those thoughts!"
  Queen Elphen, the after-walker sat back on her throne as Louis continued his ranting and ravings for the entire world to hear. 
    "Túngarar Spadefoot bullied me into coming here. This is his fight not mine. You have tried to bully me into submission to do your biddings, to be your underling, or to be your dinner. I will not go down without a fight, for I am...LOUIS THE RED!"
    "Your magic is indeed very powerful wizard and impressive but rotating simple light cannot hurt me, nor can you're effortless words. Do you have any other tricks, trickery or mischief to use before I call back in Hobthrust, thus he can end your life, so we can start a dinner service?"
  Remembering the witch mask of Noctuid Louis now held the adder stone up in front of his questioning eyes. Peering through the center, the factual truth was revealed to his mind and eyes. As the White Queen stood up once again Louis now gazed upon the utter horror that this creature really was. 
  He had been blinded by the powerful magic of her crown and her beauty.
  The Necromancer was indeed dead. Decaying skin hung from her thin frame. Her boney fingers were twisted and gnarled to the palms. Her arms and legs were decimated and reduced to almost nothingness. She had a wasting disease that had ravaged her body. Her long hair was grubby, disheveled and unkempt. It was clumped and was as knotted as her boney knees. Looking towards her emancipated chest, Louis could see her heart beating under what little skin still clung to her shrunken body. Louis believed he could reach through her belly and grab her spine if he wanted to. Her eyes were hollow as they glowered with a fiendish yellow color; they were jaundiced with clouded ooze running down both sides. 
  She was walking skeleton. Walking with a noticeable limp she advanced upon Louis as he turned his head away in horror.
    "I have heard your wild ravings from a few moments ago, you have self-worth issues don't you little one? You allow others into your weak and feeble mind. If you do this, you will be tormented and tortured for all your days on earth. It does not matter if you are bullied, it is how you react to that noise and chatter that is what truly defines you upon this earth in your youth, and as you age and get older. 
  Once bitten, twice shy is that how you live your life? 
  There will always be mean and nasty people, or creatures as you have found in this underworld and yours that will do you harm, don't you realize that by now? Deal with it. Now like I asked before is this all you have wizard, is this simple light show?"
  Turning back to face the vileness of the queen and her tormented soul, Louis dropped the adder stone from his hands, accidentally breaking it in two. The arching rainbow of light ceased and retreated into the inner-workings of the circular stone. Its life light dismissed to emptiness. The magic it held for Louis was broken and not to be replaced. Louis almost began to panic again but thought better of it as he searched his inner-mind for other answers. Regaining his thoughts for the moment, Louis spoke aloud again in an imposing tone.
    "I have other magic great queen. Do not call that hairy little caretaker back just yet. You say you are not afraid of rotating light well you might just be afraid of boiling thunder and hot lightning then. Reaching back into his wizard robe Louis felt about inside of a deep pocket. He produced Mr. Beamer's quagga-tail switch in his left hand. Rising it high above his head, he shouted out once again for the world to hear, the magic spell that accompanies the magical wand:  

He wha tills the fairies' green
Nae luck again shall hae:
And he who spills the fairies' ring
Nae we all dance and sing

Betide him want and wae.
For weirdless days and weary nights
Are his till his deein' day.
Nae we all dance and sing
    
But he who gaes by the fairy ring,
Nae dule nor pine shall see,
And he who cleans the fairy ring
An easy death shall dee.
Nae we all dance and sing
Nae we all dance and sing
  The White Queen stopped her approach towards the fairy circle tender to see if there was actually some real magic to this little imposter after all. Two lightning bolts shot out from the tip of the wand as rumbling thunder exploded into both of their ears. Looking downwards and off of the ice platform Louis noted movement, Hobthrust scampered back into the room and was directly heading for one of the large interior stairways. 
  Elphen the Ignoble Queen quickly took to fight again, she rose up to the heights of the ceiling then shot back downwards in a circular motion, then upwards, then downwards again. Louis held his position as she flew about the room like a whippoorwill in a whirlwind. Two more thunderous bolts of white light shot out of the tip of the quagga-tail switch. As Louis continued to shout out the spell, he knew so well. 
  One lightning bolt hit the stonehearted queen in her boney shoulder; shouts of pain rang out from above as she fought off the attack. 
  The real battle at length had begun Louis had drawn first blood.
  She did not bleed red, blood as black as Indian ink exploded outwards from deep inside of her smoldering shoulder. The disgusting, black gooey liquid soiled Louis's wizard shoes and robe as it rained down upon him. She bellowed out in pain as her eyes shot hatred back towards the little wizard standing boldly below her. Now taking a moment to wrap the wound in her threadbare dress, she continued once again to encircle the room in flight but with twice the speed.
  As the cold winds began to pick up around and above the little wizard, Hobthrust had now reached the top platform of ice. He slyly crouched down, laying in delay, behind the icy throne, waiting to pounce ahead on the little boy, upon the queen's sure to be forthcoming orders.
  The last of the two lightning bolt dissipated into tiny molecules of oblivion as the queens new magic gathered in strength and mass. The brewing ice storm began to cascade down upon Louis where he stood. Looking upwards once again at the flying skeleton, a snowstorm began to rage above him in the confined spaces of the tower. It began to snow wildly, thick, large flakes began to float, drift and sashay in no particular direction over the frosted throne, icy platform, and the now crouching wizard. Promptly almost completely covered from head to toe with thick ice and snow Louis's magic and willpower started to falter, fail and fall, like the snowflakes raining down above him.
  Trying once again to wound the fiendish queen with his own magic, he raised the quagga-tail switch once more. Starting the chant and thrusting the wand forward, nothing happened. Again he tried, and again, nothing.
  Hobthrust smiled greedily at Louis with hate, as hunger drove his emotions.
    "Now serving 301, Louis stew is back on the menu!" shouted out the little hob.
  Louis was dumbfounded that his magic did not work again. The White Queen had outwitted him inside of the wintry storm. Panic once again shot through Louis's thoughts. 
  He was trapped with nowhere to go. 
  The flying demon circled above, as the Hobgoblin below waited to fill his stew pot. Louis could not climb upwards nor downwards, both stairways offered him no escape; he was trapped in the queen's nest like Merlin the Wizard's magical sword in granite stone. Just as his mind was about to give way to the black-hearted soul-stealer Louis thought of Atamo and his last words to him. 
    "Nary be the fairy of lighthearted thoughts...winks...blinks...flickers and flashes and twinkles. A wizard we must trust, a fairy tender not..."
  Then once again he thought of Digger when he said, "Fire and ice don't mix" then finally Louis thought back to what Molly had once chided him about, "Remember when you caught the schoolhouse on fire in that chemistry experiment? Boy you got in trouble for that one Louis."
  Taking a deep breath of air then smelling deeply Louis finally made sense of what he had has smelling the entire time he had been inside of Hagby Tower. 
  Methane gas...
    "It’s methane gas; it's flammable. 
  Atamo was trying to tell me the whole time: Nary be the fairy of lighthearted thoughts...winks...blinks...flickers and flashes and twinkles. A wizard we must trust, a fairy tender not..." Do not use my fairy tender skills here, be a wizard. Don't take it lighthearted. I will not. I am a "true wizard", a "real hero". Only a truly real hero can defeat the queen. Don't use winks or blinks or flickers and twinkles...USE FLASHES!THAT"S IT...!!"
  Hobthrust looked upwards towards the after-walker as she nodded for him to advance and end this feeble and woeful charade by the charlatan wizard. Seeing Hobthrust expose himself from behind the throne then looking upwards Louis saw the hovering skeleton start to descend down upon him through the ice storm.
  Frantically reaching back into his wizard robe, into his lowest pocket Louis prodded and picked about. Now finding a small cloth pouch Louis thrust it up into his other shaking hand. Untying the top of the small cloth bag Louis clutched the last of his firecracker powder. Looking downward, he spotted one sharp end of the broken adder stone.
    "For every kid who has ever been bullied before in their lives; feel my wrath queen! This is for all of those children, you are free!!"
  Forcefully throwing the firecracker powder into the adder stone, it detonated into a fiery blast. The methane gas ignited about his feet. The flames spread outwards like a cyclone on the loose. The maelstrom of fire began to melt the ice though out the great tower; it began to spread towards the staircases and up the icy walls. 
  As Hobthrust charged like an elephant in the wild, the hoarfrost below him started to melt into water. He cursed violently as he tumbled, stumbled and staggered towards the edge of the softening arctic platform. Dodging the dodgy and crooked Hobthrust, Louis sprinted towards an interior stairway. Going airborne onto a handrail Louis hung on for dear life as gravity pulled him down towards the frosty secondary access door. Looking rearwards and upwards, the methane in the air above Louis began to catch fire. The bonfire of flames shot up in the air like a raging tornado above a flat Nebraska cornfield.
  Trying the best she could to sidestep the funneled firestorm, the White Queen just could not, she was just too weak and too frail. 
    "You have not defeated me wizard!"
  The hellhole of molten flames engulfed, overwhelmed, and eventually swallowed up the soon to be defeated White Queen. As she was sent flying into the fiery blaze, she became enraged upon her demise. 
     "I will return! One day I will haunt your dreams, you will see the pain upon my face this day, and feel my suffering and anguish till the day you die!" screamed out the burning Necromancer.
  Looking backwards once again as he slid down the stairway, the White Queen was ultimately lost from view inside of the sweltering twister. Then looking towards the edge of the softening platform around the queen's throne, Louis spotted Hobthrust being sucked up into the fiery twister along with his evil master he became nothingness.
  Rage consumed Louis while he looked upwards at the hell-storm of flames raging closely above him.  
    "You will not haunt my dreams because I am Louis the Red! Grettir Ásmundarson is of my relations, he has red hair. He is one of my people. I have finished what he could not! Oh and now serving ticket number one, barbequed Hairy Hobthrust!"
  Louis slammed into the secondary door as he reached the bottom of the melting stairway. He shattered it into a thousand ice crystals, ahead and down-sloped he now began to slide along the long, winding, glacial hallway. The liquefied ice, along with blocks of ice caught up to Louis as he slid towards the front door. The shared weight of the water, ice and Louis combined to smash the wooden door to pieces. Tumbling into the plaza like a professional tumbler performing before a crowd, Louis eventually came to an abrupt and immediate halt. He was dripping wet, a little bruised, overjoyed, and in a state of high excitement.
    "YEAH, TAKE THAT!!" screamed out the little boy as his red epiglottis wiggled crazily about in the back of his throat. 
  Scrambling to his feet, he back peddled away from the soaring inferno that was now Hagby Tower.
    "I know who you really are white queen. You won't be eating anymore children ever again."
  Louis shook a clenched fist at the smoking cauldron that once harbored so much pain for so many children. Louis now stepped back for a moment to make sure all of his body parts were still working. Louis shook his arms and legs about a bit then looked downwards at his two feet. To his surprise the queen's jewel encrusted crown came to a rolling stop at his heals, and was now lying on the ground next to him within an arm's reach.
   "How about that, fate has smiled upon me today? This is a part of my destiny now, and it is mine for the taking."
  Shoving the prized possession into his soggy wizard robe, Louis smiled because of his own good deeds this day. After a moment of reflection and deep thought by Louis, a familiar and welcoming voice now filled his ears.
    "Are you responsible for that Louis? I guess you are a Great Wizard after all. You have done a great thing; the rule of the evil Ice Queen of Hagby Tower is over."
  Spinning about to face the recognizable voice, Louis now beamed from ear to ear with a smile so warm, it could melt an iceberg, "Still kicking up dust everywhere you trot?"
    "They don't call me Broomstick for nothing Whiskbroom." 
    Freefalling forward with a great sense of relief, Louis gave a grand-sized hug around the little unicorn's neck. Broomstick wrapped his long, fluffy tail around Louis to try to dry him off and warm him up.
    "It's nice to see you again Broomstick."
    "Well it's nice to see you as well little wizard, oh and nice hairdo."
    "Yeah I know, thank heaven I did not pay for this, it's called the elf-lock look."
    "Any amount you would have paid would have been way too much; you look like a troll doll."
    "That's funny because I have recently seen a real troll, a stone troll."
    "We have much to catch up on Louis, but for now we better get a little further away from this towering inferno before it crashes down upon us, climb on."
   Being still a little battered and beaten from his run in with the White Queen, Louis was pretty shaky as he tried to mount Broomstick, after a bit of effort Louis was comfortably seated upon the center his back. The little unicorn trotted off for the far side of the plaza, then towards the only dirt road heading back out of the city, the Dark City of Elphame.
    "I can tell that your encounter with the wicked White Ice Queen was difficult, but you did live to tell the story. No one has ever stood in front of her and survived to tell the tale of their encounter with her. Just one question Louis then you can rest upon my back as I carry you back towards the Kingdom of Gwynedd and Deganwy Castle."
    "What is your question Broomstick?"
    "Was she as beautiful as the rumors and stories that are told about her, is it true, was she that lovely to behold?"
    "She was more beautiful to gaze upon than any woman who has ever graced the face of the earth, but..."
    "But what Louis..."
    "Beauty is only skin deep. In reality she was the ugliest humankind has ever seen before, her looks were not to be trusted and illusory. In addition, on the inside, she was just as revolting. She was corrupted with greed, and with the worst kind of ugliness, the desire for more power. She had become as cold-hearted, immoral and as sinful as they come. 
  Her hatred for Túngarar Spadefoot, her warden, was the only real driving force for this hatred, and really the only reason that she lived. She lived to see the day of his demise, but in the end it was her downfall, it was her hatred that killed her. I gave her a chance to repent and change her ways. She did not. You cannot harbor hate in your soul for others, or one day we will all become a White Ice Queen."
    "Well said Louis. Well said..."
  Louis smiled at Broomstick, his eyes rolled back into his sockets, then he directly fainted, falling face first into the center of the little Unicorn's back.

     ~Chapter 13~
Túngarar Spadefoot and the Rise of the Undertoads

    For the better part of five hours, the young exhausted wizard slept on top the little unicorn's back. Broomstick was en route, on the road southwards backs towards Bramble Forest, to Túngarar Spadefoot's nasty lair. Sleeping like an embalmed dead man was all Louis could do now. The days of constant turmoil and disorder were mostly behind him. Sleep helps heal all wounds, as do-good deeds. 
  Trying to keep a slow, steady pace to not awake the dead or sleeping, Broomstick advanced out of the foothills of the Northumbria Mountains and away from the desolation of Morpeth Falls. A watery wasteland was all that was before him. The great flood had swept over the land where it sloped downhill. Streambeds, fields of grass, valleys, rivers, tributaries, lakes and ponds had been laid to waste. There were broken trees, smashed stone, and uprooted plant life and fauna as far as the eye could see. The once beautiful mountainous area of Northumbria was now a wasteland, wasted to emptiness.
  The twisted Bramble Forest could now be seen looming on the road ahead of him. Broomstick exited the muddy road to rest for a while before entering what could still be recognized of the evil forest. Gently slapping his tail upwards and forwards, Broomstick roused Louis from his tomblike sleep.
    "Wake up my sleeping Ogbanje, the child that comes and goes. The Changeling must change once again from undertoad to prince, we have to transform you back to the lovable you again Louis." 
    "Broomstick is that you?"
    "Yes wake up little sleeping one, two of my good friends are here to help you once again."
    "I am awake, where are we?"
    "We are on the outskirts of Bramble Forest. I have carried you out of the Northumbria Mountains. You slept the entire time on my back as we traveled."
  Climbing down off Broomstick’s back Louis was still a little wobbly and dozy. Rubbing the last of the sleep, and weariness from his eyes and mind, Louis gave Broomstick a heartfelt pat on the forelock between his ears, a loving gesture that Broomstick appreciated.
    "Ogbanje, my little undertoad, I want you to meet the two little hairdressers that blocked the White Queen from taking your mind during the last night, at the footsteps of death's door at Hagby Tower. Please meet, Orlaith and Eldon, they are brother and sister fairies, they are also friends of Atamo the Astral Fairy. He sent them to protect you during that almost, most fateful night."
  High overhead the two mystical fairies hovered in flight, Broomstick looking upwards motioned for them both to come forward to introduce himself to the little wizard.
    "Nice hairdo, I hear it is all, "the look" in Northumberland now," said the smiling Orlaith.
    "Sorry but we had to give you those fairy-locks Louis. They were a stronger magic than that of the White Queen's. She would have taken your mind as you slept without them we had no choice. Atamo knows the ways of the evil queen, he choose us especially, just for our skills in that area. We have had to use that magic many times to thwart her dark magic."
    "Nice to meet you both, I have met three fairies now in this world and all three have been kind and helpful to me. I thank you both sincerely, for placing that special magic upon me. You saved my mind, and possibly my life. Again, I thank you but could you remove the fairy-locks now before my mom sees me looking like this? I might scare the heck out of her."
  All laughed together as both fairies bit Louis on the nap of his neck; it was the proper friendly fairy greeting. Louis sat down upon a nearby rock as brother and sister went to work undoing their special magic. Moments later Louis was almost presentable once again. 
    "We have to clean you up a bit Louis, your wizard robe is dirty and crumbled, your appearance is now almost that of a full-fledged undertoad, and I know you must be hungry and thirsty. Please remove your robe, Orlaith and Eldon will clean them for you. And if you look at the side saddlebags off my saddle, you will find some food and water. Also and most importantly, I have some mugwort root. You must eat some raw if you have to and then let Orlaith and Eldon rub the rest on your body. We have to get you back to little Louis before Túngarar Spadefoot's evil magic takes your mind for good.
    "That sounds good to me Broomstick, and I am so very hungry. I have been through so much these last few days."
  After removing his wizard robe and handing it to the two fairies, Louis stood exposed to the world, standing modestly in his shorts and socks before Broomstick and the two astral fairies. Both fairies dutifully went to work scrubbing Louis from head to toe in mugwort. The special magic began to work almost immediately after which the fairies flew off with Louis's wizard robe to clean it with their own kind of special magic.
    "The food is in that pouch over there Louis" said Broomstick as he flipped his tail onto the correct pouch "Glorandal the Porter knew I was coming to get you Louis, so he made those sandwiches especially for you. He also said to say hi, and for me to bring you back to Deganwy Castle safely. Furthermore, Tolthe the wee folk from the Tlannatar clan said to say hi. Everyone in the castle is waiting your grand return Louis. Everyone misses you."
    "If all goes well Broomstick we will back there maybe before nightfall or maybe the first thing in the morning, but first I must take the White Queens crown to Spadefoot. You see I was successful…in not only ending the reign of the evil queen, but I was able to dethrone her as well. Her crown is now mine."
    "So you were successful in your quest. We always had faith in your little wizard."
    "Thank you for your support Broomstick, when true friends believe in you it always makes any quest better and more likely to be successful."
    "You are welcome little wizard."
     "We are now on the outskirts of Spadefoot's forest with most of the first part of our trip behind us. I will give him the powers he seeks inside of that special crown then he will release the dark magic spell that he has cast over me and all of my friends and the dark spell that he has cast over this once beautiful land. You will all be free again and golden sunlight will return to your skies. The hushed light from the blue moon will move forward and diminish. All will be back to normal for this land. 
  And most importantly, the White Queen may return to rule your lands once again. She will be free to sit back upon her royal throne. The spell that was cast upon her must be removed by Spadefoot then the rebirth she must have endured inside of that firestorm should have cleansed her soul from the vileness that was placed upon her."
    "It all sounds so beautiful, if only Spadefoot keeps his promise to you and to us. You did his bidding and the queen was vanquished from her evil tower. And he will soon have the crown that he seeks. He is a cunning trickster you know. Only twisted words of filth and hated normally come from his mouth. You may still need to battle him in the end that is yet to be seen. Nevertheless, I assure you this we will be at his doorstep before nightfall if all goes well. All will be coming to an end, one way or another in a very short time."
    "All that you said is so true, all will be coming to an end soon enough. Plus Broomstick the next cycle of your full blue moon will be upon us in two days. At midnight on the second night, I must be at the fairy circle at that time to be able to go home again. And what if any new news has you heard of my four friends?"
    "Atamo the Astral Fairy has taken over the responsibility of showing them the true way back to Deganwy Castle, and then onwards to the place of your arrival in this world, the fairy circle. They are safe and in good hands."
    "That is all great news. All is going well then, and this sandwich is most sublime and most tasty. I will have to thank Glorandal the Porter personally tomorrow upon my arrival in the Kingdom of Gwynedd.
    "And look Louis while we had our little chat Orlaith and Eldon have completed their task, your wizard robe has been cleaned and is ready to be worn again. Also, you cannot see it but I can, the mugwort root has completely released its magic. You look like a little red haired kid again. Nice to have you back Louis. Should we redo that fairy-lock look again on your hair? I hear that look is going around you know..."
     "No I think not, I never thought I'd ever say this but I am glad to have my red hair back again. It has been a burden in the past you know, you are familiar with how kids can be. I am just happy that things are going well, I have my clothes clean and I have a full belly once again. Thank you Orlaith and Eldon, I am a new wizard, ready to take on the world again."
    "Thank you for your help my little fairy friends, we may need your services again, but till then, let Atamo know that we are almost at Bramble Forest and will be back inside the Kingdom of Gwynedd by late after tomorrow, I am rested and now and ready to return on our way. Jump into the saddle on my back Louis and let us continue on our journey." 
  Orlaith and Eldon the two astral fairies flew off towards Deganwy Castle and Atamo their good friend as Broomstick headed towards the road again, and off towards Louis's last task before he begins his journey back to his own escape.
  Feeling refreshed and renewed both good friends now looked forward to entering Bramble Forest for the last time. Another hour ride and Louis passed back under a wooden sign marking the northern entrance to the dark forest. The initials FFJ still loomed overhead, marking Túngarar Spadefoot's vast territories. The whole of the forest had been decimated and laid to waste from the massive Morpeth flood. There was little to recognize from before as Broomstick tried to stay on what little of the old road that he could find. 
  Early afternoon turned into midafternoon, and that soon turned into late afternoon, all the while Broomstick kept up a good steady pace, steadily moving forwards towards Spadefoot's earthen den. As the blue moon began to set over the waylaid forest Broomstick spoke out, "It has been a long day Louis, let's find shelter for the night before it gets too dark and too cold. There are still creatures that could harm us in this awful place, we can never be too sure who, or whom has survived the floods. It is best if we meet up with his majesty the Toad King in the morning. We will both be more refreshed then and able to withstand the awful smell and sight of him."
    "Good idea. I now know what you are talking of. I have come across so many depraved and unpleasant creatures in this world. Until we reach the wellbeing of the solid walls of Deganwy Castle, we should take cover for the night. Dreadful and hungry beasts usually come out at night in this godforsaken forest."
  Looking about Louis spotted an average sized outcropping of rocks partially hidden by a few felled trees. 
    "Look there Broomstick it looks like an old abandoned hob hole at the base of those rocks. I can sleep there and you can be hidden during the night by those rocks and downed trees. The wind will also be blocked, and it is a defendable position if need be."
    "That would be fine place to sleep Louis. As I look about there appears to be a little food for me in that small clearing over there, and if you boil some water then we can drink deeply and tend to our thirst. I still have some food for you provided by Glorandal the Porter" said Broomstick as he adjusted directions, and exited the road once again.
  Upon reaching the hob hole Louis went about constructing a small fire, then the creation of a comfortable bed for the nightfall. He boiled some water, ate an undersized meal then began to read in Mr. Beamers' books. Broomstick foraged about the area for an hour or so until had filled his belly with what untamed grasses and wild berries he could find. Conversations this night were lighthearted and limited as both were tired from the long day's journey into night. Louis slept first as Broomstick stood guard just outside of their small shelter. Changing of the guard now and then allowed both to get just enough sleep to feel refreshed in the morning. 

*

  As the morning broke on this most promising of days, Louis's hopes were high that Spadefoot would be home and answer his early visitors. Washing his face in what was left of the clean water and adjusting his wizard robe Louis was keen to face his fate.
    "Did you sleep at all last night Louis?"
    "Yes Broomstick and just enough to feel refreshed this daybreak. I am ready to undergo the day are you?"
    "I am Louis, a quick hour's walk and we are back at The Toad King's hideaway. I am sure that word of our arrival in his enchanted black forest, and word of the death of the White Queen has entered his ears already. He has many other moles and scouts that we do not know of, many fly above and burrow below us, word travels fast in his realm."
    "Then our business with him should be over and done with quickly, and then we are on our way" stated the now ever optimistic young boy "in that case let's began. I am feeling so good about how the day will turn out that I would like to walk the rest of the way."
    "So be it Louis. Your good attitude is rubbing off on me Louis. It is a good today."
  The sky was clear, and the winds were gentle. A few small birds circled in flight high overhead with nothing else being more out of the ordinary on this morning, Louis took that to be a good sign. Louis began to skip and sing a little ditty and play his flute again as Broomstick kept time with his tail, flipping it back and forth in time with Louis's agreeable song.
    "I can see it Louis, dead ahead, see the large clearing coming into view?"
    "Yes I do Broomstick. I have been here before, only a few days ago. I ran for my life, I was so scared last time I was here but today is different. I have done as the Toad King has asked of me, so I have nothing to fear today. Today will be a day of days alright."
  As Louis and the little unicorn approached the bug-eyed Toad King's haunt, a small mound of fresh earth churned up in front of them.
  Out popped Digger the Blue Haired Rabbit.
    "Good morning Louis, good morning Broomstick nice to see you both again. It has been a while since I have talked with you Broomstick."
    "All is agreeably Digger, nice to see you again. What brings you here?" asked Broomstick.
    "Hello once again my little friend" said a smiling Louis. Yes what does bring you here today?"
    "Mr. Spadefoot has called me back to him, just one last deed and my contract with him is complete. I have done all I was asked of. I was to wait for your arrival you see, you were expected to be here sometime this day. His scouts tracked you from Hagby Tower so they knew you were close. I am to search his many tunnels and wormholes underneath the ground, find him then announce you are coming to him. You see I am a ground dweller, you know, just as he is. This is going to be a great day though. It will be my last deed for Mr. Túngarar Spadefoot, he has promised to release me Louis. I am to go home in the present day, due to your good recent deeds and mine."
    "So will you broadcast our arrival to Spadefoot, we are at his front door step. Then you are off for home for good? I could not be any happier for you. I look forward to seeing you stealing vegetables once again from Mr. Beamer's garden. And Muncy can chase you again around the front yard as you run with your pinched bounty."
    "I so look forward to doing that, it was one of my favorite things to do. I like your Muncy but he is a little too slow and not a very good guard of the vegetable garden. I always fill my pouch to the top."
    "Soon I will be home as well, and I can him help catch you, it would be my pleasure little rabbit. I expect to be home shortly as well for I have done all that Mr. Spadefoot has asked of me as well," said the eager Louis.
    "OK I will hold you to that Louis, see you in Centerville soon. Sorry we do not have more time to chat Broomstick. I do hope your family is well. I just had a new litter back home, five new sons, my house is so busy so I must be going and quickly, the Toad King waits." 
  Bowing down to Louis and Broomstick in a sign of thanks and respect Digger quickly disappeared back into Spadefoot's mud den as Louis looked towards Broomstick with confidence showing.
    "I can smell Hattie May's bread baking in the oven already and the warmth of my bed my good friend. All is right in the universe today because I am going home."
    "And I can see the new day's yellow sunlight rising over the Kingdom of Gwynedd and Deganwy Castle in two days. New spring flowers will bloom, the lakes streams and ponds will fill with clean waters yet again, the green grasses in the fields will grow high as before, the air will become perfumed, and the lands will flourish with life and activity once more, but most importantly, our queen will return to us. She will sit upon her throne which is her birthright and rule all the good creatures and humankind of our lands, as she did once before in the high-ancient times."
    "I can see it all happening Broomstick, won't it be grand? And I can see my good fortune in two days, in returning to my family and friends."
  As the two first-rate friends waited, the return of the Toad King Louis looked up in the air towards the reflecting dim light of the blue moon, knowing that his days in this world would soon be ending.
  The world above was hushed, calm and peaceful as the muddy ground underfoot stirred with life in front of them. One thick stubby forefinger appeared above ground, after that another became visible, then a bloated hand, followed by one more, afterward a stumpy arm began to surface over the earthen crest of the slimy lair. A deep loud and disagreeable belch was heard then a famed and most repulsive bulbous head emerged from the bottomless unholy pit.
  His massive torso was lifted to the top of his mudded nest by his whopping, fatted legs. Just by wrenching himself out of his filthy lair, he was breathing heavily and sweating freely. With great difficulty, he lifted his massive body out of the polluted, diseased ridden hole, his majesty Túngarar Spadefoot yet again appeared before the world in all of his inglorious hideousness and sloth.
  Trying not to breathe in too deeply, so as not to smell the wretched stench of his grotesque body and breath Louis turned his head to the side, pinched his nose together with his fingers then bowed his head down in false respect to the bedeviled king. Broomstick breadth was shallow he tried to not smell him as well then lowered his head, mirroring Louis's behavior. Remembering his pledge to himself to never be bullied again Louis was prepared to spare with the Toad King on his own terms this time if need be.
    "Oh great Toad King, your majesty Túngarar Spadefoot, I have called upon you today to bring you good news. Thank you for answering my callings this grand day."
    "Well if it is not the counterfeit wizard; the snake oil salesman. What unmatched news could you have for me? Waking me out of my morning slumber is not something I recommend to anyone who values their life," said the behemoth toad as he scratched at his gigantic behind in scorn and belittlement of his enemy. 
    "I stood before you a few days ago begging for my life and for that of my friends. You sent me on a quest. You do remember me, I can tell by the not to gracious greetings..."
    "I do remember you...continue...and tell me about your quest...refresh my memories of our prior meeting."
    "You instructed and let it be known to me that if I killed the White Queen who lives in Hagby Tower, your old archenemy that you would release me and my friends, and that we could go free, to go home back to Centerville, from whence we came. You also stated that you would break any spells placed upon us by Noctuid the Black Witch and yourself. You also instructed me that I needed to bring either the White Queens black heart or jeweled crown that sits upon her head, back to you to prove her death, but especially you wanted her magical crown."
    "Yes I remember the conversation we had. Did you do as I requested of you little one?"
  This last statement by Spadefoot irked Louis to no end, remembering his "bully pledge" to himself once again, Louis tried his best to contain himself and his hatred for the vile king as the conversation continued.
    "I have oh great Toad King, I did as you requested. The White Queen, the after-walker walks no more on this earth, for I have bested her and burned her ignoble and shameful throne to the ground."
    "I have heard the rumors of her demise they circle about me like butterflies in flight do sometimes. I pay them no attention for they cannot hurt me. And what proof do you have of your great victory small wizard? Did you bring me her black heart, her crown, or her head, or are you just telling tall tales like Mr. Beamer does? 
  Will you just be making up stories to tell your grand-children, or again do you have any proof of your great might in battle?" asked the Toad King as he belched loudly again with the pungent, foul-smelling gas wafting outwards over little Louis and Broomstick, covering them both from head to toe.
  Turning towards Broomstick Louis spoke in a low whisper, "He pushes my patience my friend. No one bullies me, no one, and that is exactly what he is trying to do again. And I have had about enough of his insults."
    "Tolerance is a virtue Louis. We have come here on business, not to pick a fight, nor to be in one. Keep with the plan. There are greater things at stake here," said Broomstick as he tried to give Louis the staying power that he needed at this very time.
    "The rumors of her demise, they are not. There are only truths. I have brought you the White Queen's crown."
  The dishonorable and dastardly King of the Undertoads chuckled and chortled in a mocking tone as he heard Louis's newest words. 
  Louis did not flinch or falter at the Toad Kings expected reaction, now reaching into his robe into the very bottom pocket; he brought forth the jewel-encrusted crown, exposing it into the blue moon's daylight. Túngarar Spadefoot's demonic bug-eyes bugged out even further as his lust for power and control once again ravaged his feeble and infected mind.
    "So the rumors of her death are true. You have performed well in battle and are the understandable victor. The White Queen has gone silent and stiff, all at your mighty hand. The Morpeth floods that destroyed my forest were your doings then. Word has been passed along to me that you also splayed in battle directly or indirectly some of my generals; Draconilla the Vampire Bat, Hydrarchos the Water Serpent, Spydos the Spider, Noctuid The Black Witch and Morrígan the Stone Troll. Is this true?"
    "Yes I have had run-ins and have battled recently with each of them in one way or another. Which are dead or alive, have gone missing, or are injured I am not sure. I did not stay around long enough to find out. I had to continue on my way, continue on my quest."	
    "This does not make me happy. Those were loyal servants of mine. They were important to the great cause, although they did bicker between themselves and harbored jealous behavior they were of the utmost importance to my success within my cause, more about them in a bit."
    "I am sorry about their seeming or real demise but I had no choice. I have done what I had to, to be able to survive your world."
    "Again we will talk about that in a moment. You do know now that you are now a little thief and murderer? I usually do not do business with the likes of you but give me the crown willingly, and I will full fill my promises to you from before boy." 
    "What do you mean you do not do business with anyone like me? You are the one to talk. Your generals are: black witches, stone trolls, vampire bats, spiders and water serpents. The nerve of you, and furthermore I have not stolen anything. The crown, it fell into my hands. I took it as a sign of my strength. 
  You do not need to know the whole story of how it became mine, it is not your concern, and as for me being a murderer, the White Queen she was already dead, after all, she was an after-walker, so your words ring hollow. Now back to our deal. I will give you the crown, and in return you promise to let me and my friends go. To let us leave this world by the way which we entered it. And you will permit Elphen the White Queen to be reincarnated and take her place once again on her throne in the Kingdom of Gwynedd in Deganwy Castle. She has paid an awful price inside of her imprisonment by you. She now needs to be completely freed. I started the regeneration process of her soul, and you finish it."
    "Of course I promise. My words and promises have always been as good as gold," said the sarcastic, mordant toad.
  Looking towards Broomstick Louis spoke softly to him yet again, "Can I trust him my friend?"
    "You have no choice Louis your futures are entwined for better or worse, there can be no doubt. But you have to make the final decision, you and no one else determines your own fate better than you."
    "Your gifted words speak the truth Broomstick," said Louis as he turned to face the Toad King again. 
  Slowly and carefully walking forward Louis approached the sizeable beast. Spadefoot's breath smelled like death, his yellow and green broken teeth harbored a recently devoured meal, rotted and stinking flesh and small bones were still lodged in-between the larger gaps. His forked black forked tongue licked at the heavy air that was weighting down upon them both. 
  Dropping to one knee and raising the jewel-encrusted crown of the land draug, Queen Elphen from Elphame City Louis willfully handed the powerful circlet over to the dreaded Túngarar Spadefoot the King of the Undertoads. 
  A sly and clever smile crossed his face as the true sway of the compelling crown took its hold upon his twisted and deformed mind. And as he held it up high in both hands above his grotesque body, drool freely flowed down both sides of his open mouth, while yellow snot dripped from his globular nose.
    "The circle of power is now complete. The olden and most ancient crown that rules the underworld and unites all the dark powers of this land is back in my possession at last. What was stolen from me, what I once owned has now been returned to me, willfully giving to me by the great ancestor of Grettir Ásmundarson from Bjarg, the defiant, ill-tempered, and false red-haired hero. He failed me once during the same quest in the high-middle ages, where you in the present day did not little wizard. You are the "real hero" of this story now, at least in your mind you are. You have no idea what you have done, do you? Absolute power will now be mine, and absolute power begets absolute power and absolute truth. You allowed me to manipulate and cultivate your mind into thinking that you would be free after you brought me this golden crown; think again little "BOY"."
    "What do you mean; do I know what I have done? I have done as you requested. The White Queen is to be freed to reign over this land again, and bring sunshine back into this world. You were to rule only Northumberland with this crown and leave the Kingdom of Gwynedd and Deganwy Castle alone. You were to release the captive children and their souls that are being held hostage here below in this world, and then you were to allow me to go free, back home. I don't understand," said the disbelieving Louis.
    "Let me help you understand, you broke our deal when you set free your first two friends. I specifically told you what the bargain was. Do you not remember?"
    "What are you talking about I broke the deal, you riddle-me-this and riddle me-that, twisted words flow over your forked black tongue. Speak the truth for once in your life!"
    "I would be happy to speak the truth where you have not. I remember our conversation before in detail, where you have a foggy memory. I told you to not free your friends that they are to be held captive until the crown of the White Queen was safely in my hands. And I Quote: You cannot free them because you do not have the courage to, the willpower, nor the knowledge. And I will not allow it. Do only as I say. DO NOT TRY TO FREE THEM OR ELSE!"
    "What....this is outrageous!! What tomfoolery is this...?"
    "I continue, and with these recent actions by yourself and with help from your friends my armies have been decimated in the Morpeth Caves, drowned by the floods that were of your doing, that was only one of many armies but all the same, they were some of my best warriors. You then took the life of four of my generals, my top leaders who ruled many parts of Northumberland. So you are the one who broke the original deal not me. 
  You will not be freed as agreed upon originally. You will become an Ogbanje again. You will be converted into one of my undertoads, as will all of your friends. And if you and they are truly remorseful for all of your recent actions, and mistruths then you will be free to rise up with me and my undertoad armies to destroy the Kingdom of Gwynedd and Deganwy Castle, then we march forward unto the wormhole that brought you here. 
  Thank you for discovering the only way out of this world, to the upper world of light and fresh air. I have been searching for that opening for what seems like a thousand years. I along with my armies will march onwards to your fairy circle for a quick exit to the top-world. You see you don't understand the real powers that lie inside of this crown that I hold in my hands, the powers are just too great, they cannot be stopped.
    "I cannot believe what I am hearing. What kind of evil demon-king are you? You are a true sociopath of the worse kind. You value nothing and care for no one. You are the greatest bully the world has ever known! You are a soul-stealer of children and a child-adductor. Your mind is as polluted as your words are vile. I will end this!!" 
    "You cannot end this, it has only just begun! You fool! Only a "real hero" can kill the Necromancer but the power of Necronomicon magic still lays dormant inside of this crown. I will call the rest of my toad army to the surface now and begin the turning-of-the-tides. Behold the power of Necronomicon magic by the now sole ruler of all of the Underworld and the Over world."
  Artfully placing the jeweled crown upon his own thick skull, the self-aggrandized king of all things in any world shook and shimmied like an impaled worm on a fishing hook. As delight filled his thoughts, the black magic inside of the golden crown took hold of his inner-mind. Now ablaze in bright red colors, matching the color of the Toad King's demon glowing eyes the crown started to show its sleeping powers. 
  The jewels became inflamed on the crest of the crown. Six large red rubies shot red and green flames outwards and upwards they exploded in an unnatural whiteout above the fatted toad's head as he raised his arms towards the blue heavens above.
  Louis and Broomstick both stumbled backwards off their feet as the muddied ground around the great clearing began to convulse, tremble and shudder. As freshly churned earth fell over its self again and again like small waves on the shoreline, a whole host of webbed fingers appeared, then stout hands come into view, afterward thick arms, followed by rounded heads and shoulders, then hefty bodies appeared, they become visible by the thousands.
    "Rise up my undertoad army, it is time to harvest, time to reap, it is time to claim what is lawfully ours. You have been in a restless sleep for almost a thousand years and that is far too long to be among the dead below. Wipe the sleep out of your eyes children, and meet your new world above, for I am the Toad King! 
  I am your father! 
  You will now repay your debt to me; we march towards the bright sunlight of the Upperworld, the world of humankind."     
    "Ribbett...Ribbett... Ribbett...Ribbett...Ribbett...  
    "Ribbett...Ribbett... Ribbett...Ribbett...Ribbett...  
  The native tongue of the toad army was spoken for all to hear, it was earsplitting and forceful. The collective voices of the massive toad army sounded like a thousand bass drums being pounded at once, it assaulted the senses at every level. It was a beat-down and battering of the mind, body and soul. 
  While Túngarar Spadefoot was entranced and danced about with his followers in delirious pleasure, Louis tried to cover his ears the best he could with his hands, while Broomstick covered his with his long, thick tail.
  Still back peddling away from the swarm of bellowing toads as fast as they could before they were completely surrounded by the slow hopping medium-sized creatures, the little wizard and the unicorn halted for a moment to hear what filth was going to spew forth next from Spadefoot's mouth yet again. 
  The Toad King raised a hand high into the air, which signaled for all to cease in the verbal offensive. In a scornful and mocking tone he spoke, "Children of the Underworld quiet down please. I do share your elation and your united thoughts, but first I have a little more business with these two who stand defiant and bold before you. 
  Broomstick you have a strong back, you can help haul some of the supplies we will need as we march for the wormhole that leads to our escape from this world. And Louis all you need is to allow one of my underlings to bite you again so that the Ogbanje can reappear. Will you join us wizard? We could use such a "real hero" and a "real wizard" ". Upon the ending of his last words, The Toad King exposed a brash smirk on his face. It was the most revolting grin Louis had ever seen before. It sent chills down to the ends of his nerve endings.
    "The door is closing upon us Broomstick, we will not live to see another breath escape us unless we...we..."
    "I am way ahead of you my friend, quickly Louis jump ahead upon my back, we must become disappearing ghost, or we will soon become toad food and truly disappear like real ghost.
    "Bring me the hero, alive or dead, no matter! The unicorn can be on your menu tonight if you are fast and hungry enough!" barked out Spadefoot as the nimble Louis made haste. 
  With quickness he did not know he had, Louis flew up upon Broomstick's saddle. Holding on for dear life, and to stay away from a certain forthcoming death Louis shouted out, "No time to be a statue...run...run away like a thousand toads are about to eat you..."
     "That's not funny Louis..."
     "It was not meant to be...run...run...!"
  Spinning quickly about-face like a soldier during a military drill, Broomstick saw the only way to clear freedom. After that catapulting himself and his little jockey over a small knot of hopping, charging frogs, they went missing towards the open road heading immediately towards Deganwy Castle. Hurtling gracefully over another few bounding, slimy frogs that were trying to block their way Broomstick's athleticism had giving them at length enough distance that being caught on this day would become a falsehood.
  Seeing his chance to catch the little wizard and his four-legged friend fading like watercolor paint in a rainstorm Spadefoot shrilled out at the top of his lungs his displeasure at his hated foes escape. His hateful shout-outs were for the world to hear, as his toad army began their loud vocal chants again, it was the oddest of musical duets:

    "Ribbett...Ribbett... Ribbett...Ribbett...Ribbett..." 
    "Ribbett...Ribbett...Ribbett...Ribbett...Ribbett..."
    "Ribbett...Ribbett... Ribbett...Ribbett...Ribbett..."    
    "Ribbett...Ribbett...Ribbett...Ribbett...Ribbett..."

  Backwards looking as Broomstick crested a medium-sized hill Louis could witness almost to the end of Bramble Forest where it backed up to the Northumbria Mountains. As far as the eyeball could observe, the toad army covered the fouled lands. Knots of a thousand undertoads here, and thousands hopping undertoads over there, the land had changed to the strange colors of toad browns and greens. The deep rumbling of their voices, and their collective hopping, resounded off the solid ground below, and the thick-clouded skies above. The earth underneath foot shook and rumbled violently as if they were a wild heard of stampeding bison on the early American plains. Their shared voices boomed overhead like a quarrelsome thunderstorm over a wild, vast African desert.
    "What have I done Broomstick? Look backwards, this land will never be the same again?" said the brokenhearted Louis, "Spadefoot was right, this is my entire fault. How do I right this?"
    "As you always say, "the incident was only an accident", well this is incidentally not entirely an accident. You were sent into this world for a reason. You are on a mission, and this is just part of that mission, and of your growth as a person inside of that mission is the most important journey you can take. This is your story Louis you are the lone writer. It will end well or badly depending on how write your future. 
  This story is really about how you react to your enemies in times of troubles. That is the only thing that in truth that is important. You are ultimately the one who decides your own future. It is how you react to the situations…not the situations that define the man or the boy in this case. Do you understand what I am getting at Louis?"
    "You mean that this horrible creature Túngarar Spadefoot, or Frank Frankle whatever his name is, or whoever he really is, that seems to have been in my life for so long, can be beaten or tamed, and it is all up to me to choose the outcome of this entire mess?"
    "Yes, is that not true with everything in life? Your reactions to all people and your own state of affairs are always choices for you to make, and you alone. No one has control of you," stated the ever so wise unicorn.
    "There is much truth in your words to me my friend. I will have to think long and hard on all that you just said. The White Queen spoke similar words to me as well before her re-birth. It is good to have your experience and knowledge on my side but for now, we must not tarry any longer in this Forest. We have a day and a night to get to the fairy circle where I can make my escape."
    "You're correct little wizard, we must be going now. The toad army will be quickly on our heels. They will carry the fatted Toad King upon their combined shoulder to be able to move his great weight quicker."
    "You are right they are doing that now as we speak, look. What do you think the king and his armies will do next?"
    "They will send the greater part of their vast army toward the Kingdom of Gwynedd and the Deganwy Castle. They will try to scale the thick block walls but will not be able to. The walls are just too strong and too tall. For many years, we have anticipated the rise of the undertoad army. Governor Bregon and Thithor the Mayor are already aware of the circumstances that are before them and they are prepared for the war that is coming. 
  Orlaith and Eldon, the brother and sister fairies have flown back and forth many times over Northumberland and Bramble Forest in the last day and night since your great victory at Hagby Tower, they are keeping an eye on the movements of Túngarar Spadefoot and his other generals. They have been reporting to Atamo the Astral Fairy as was requested of them by him and me. You see we are all in this together, you only set the clock in motion so to speak."
    "I had no idea this was all going on."
    "You are new to this world; we on the other hand have been dealing with Túngarar Spadefoot for a thousand years."
    "If you don't mind Broomstick can I guess what is going to happen next?"
    "You are in this with us all, and I value your views and beliefs as you know. You are wise beyond your years little wizard."
    "Then if I may. The toad army will fail at first in their siege of Deganwy Castle, and will suffer many fatalities and losses. But this will not hinder them; they will blockade the castle until it at last falls. There will be hunger and suffering inside of the castle. And as this begins, and upon their arrival the Toad King along with the larger part of his undertoad army, and some of his vile generals will directly head for the fairy circle for two reasons. One is to stop my escape and that of my friends, and the other motivation, is to begin their rise out of this land into the upper-world through the wormhole that brought me here. 
  Spadefoot will use the now wicked powers of the Crown of Æthelfrith of Northumbria, the White Queens old crown to travel through that wormhole. Upon his appearance in the upper-world, the destruction will immediately start in Centerville, my hometown and spread like a wildfire across the upper-lands. And as this is happening eventually, the Kingdom of Gwynedd will fall then at a later date my own world will fall. Am I correct in my theories?" said the over-wrought Louis.
    "Yes you are correct Louis I believe all of this will happen and more so. As Spadefoot began his march, the wheels of his war machine have already began to churn, he has already called his other generals, vile creatures and horrid beasts that he commands, to join the great battle that is now underway as we speak. He calls these; Baba Yaga's or as you once labeled those, black witches, there are many in Northumberland besides Noctuid. He will cry out for other hobgoblins or hobs like Hobthrust then there are the Sleagh Maith Hairy fairies, other ill-tempered cave  and stone trolls, fierce Minotaur's, many dark evil fairies, large hungry spiders like Spydos, other water-demons like Hydrarchos the Water Serpent. Then there are others like olden flying dragons. One in particular shoots flames from his throat, and his feathers burn with fire as he flies. His name is Rukh the Firebird. He is the evil-spirit, the raptor of the skies he is a truly awful demonic creature. Spadefoot will call on his services for sure. 
  And there are others like Draconilla the Vampire Bat he has a large family. And worst of all he may even call Apohasis the Destroyer, the Great Black Snake who slithers in the depths or the underworld caves. I think you get the message Louis. The things that go bump in the night are all on the move, and are out to destroy all the good creatures in this world and yours, it is going to be an epic battle, and this all depends mostly on you Louis and of course us."
  After hearing all that Broomstick just imparted on him, Louis exhaled a long deep breath of despair then inhaled and long deep breathe of hope, "It keeps getting worse. I had no idea about all of this. So much is riding on us and especially me. We must keep moving. I have to find my friends. I am sure they are at Deganwy Castle by now and will soon be heading for our exit point out of this world beyond the castle walls. We must head to the castle and warn all of the residents who live there all we have seen offer our advice and afterwards head as quickly as possible for the fairy circle."
    "Let us not amble about anymore," said the little unicorn as he quickly turned an about face.   
  Now heading out of the wastelands of Bramble Forest and towards the Kingdom of Gwynedd, Broomstick trotted as swiftly as his short legs could move. Louis was lost in thought as the hours little by little passed, he did not speak very often; he did not eat nor drink. He tried to fathom all that went before and all that was to soon befall him, as he tried to keep his courage and wits about him. 
  He was again using his third eye, his minds'-eye to reason out all that was before him, to be able to gain strength in the decisions he had to make. He tried to center the correct vibrations of the universe and gain a solid foundation on which to reach a more advanced level of thought. His mind's-eye, his two physical eyes focused above his eyebrows, his vision narrowed as he once again reached high thinking. Renewed courage grew in his mind and heart. He now completely believed that he could defeat the Toad King on his own ground and on his own terms. 
  Broomstick kept up a balanced pace and was hard working in his duties and devotion to his rider. Making good time was central to Broomstick, he knew the rate the toad army could keep, they would not falter in their resolve, would not tire, and were raised and trained for only one thing, and that is to serve their inglorious king, their minds were as clouded as a foggy day at the beach.
    "Louis we will not make it to the safety of the castle today, we can only travel another few hours or so. The blue moon is sinking quickly in the eastern sky, and shortly the dense fogs will cover the ground again, this will slow our travel. It is not trustworthy to travel in the fogs, we could get lost. We must find shelter for the evening. We can make it to Deganwy Castle by mid-afternoon tomorrow."
    "You are correct. The day has been long already and the nighttime could be longer. I know of a hunter's cabin up the road. My friends and I stayed there one night a few nights ago. There is food there, water and the doors are thick, and strong. We will be safe from Spadefoot's long arm."
  Directing Broomstick onwards for another two and a half hours or more a slight fork right away appeared in the road. Then making a slight change of direction by a large twisted tree, Louis spotted the same cabin off the beaten road, in the small clearing, just as before. Entering through the back door, the cabin was vacant. Louis and Broomstick would be out of harm's way for the night. Louis lit a small fire in the firebox to warm their hearts, bodies and minds. Sharing what food Louis could rustle up from the kitchen Louis cooked a hot meal to both of their agreement. Louis snuggled up on the dusty old bed again as Broomstick took the first watch of the evening. The hours un-eventfully passed this night with neither creature nor beast disturbing the peace. Taking turns keeping watch and looking towards each other for confidence, both would safely reach the next morning's new dawn.                         

*

  The new-fangled dawn's fractal and fractured blue light crept into the lodge through a splintered room window. The singular space became awash in soft blue light. Off in the near distance the rhythmic pulse of marching undertoads began to shake the ground underneath the cabin as the all-pervading toad-army's war songs cracked the stillness of the fresh morning.
  As the small windows and doors about the room began to shake, an immediately alarmed Louis shot up from his comfortable bed, "Broomstick the Undertoads!"

    "Ribbett...Ribbett... Ribbett...Ribbett...Ribbett..."    
    "Ribbett...Ribbett...Ribbett...Ribbett...Ribbett..."
    "Ribbett...Ribbett... Ribbett...Ribbett...Ribbett..."   
    "Ribbett...Ribbett...Ribbett...Ribbett...Ribbett..."

    "The toad army, they are all bottom dwellers. They are burrowing creatures during the hours of darkness. The daybreak has stirred their sleep and they have once again risen from their nightly mud-dens and are on the march. Hurry Louis they sound as if they are right down the road, just outside of the cabin" cried out Broomstick as he shot for the front door. Quickly gathering up his wizard hat, tying on his pointed shoes, and grabbing what supplies he had readied the night before Louis scrambled towards the open door after his nervous friend.
    "Look Louis they are at the far side of the clearing with Spadefoot still in the lead."
  In the crisp new light of the morning the slow-moving, but steadily hopping, army of undertoads advanced ever closer en route for the enchanted lands of Gwynedd and the mighty castle, right on the heels of the rapidly retreating wizard and unicorn. The further the two withdrew from the massive tightly formed legions of frogs the lesser the volume of their repeating vocalization rang in their ears.  
    "We have out run them again Louis that was way too close. We have to stay on the move today and keep our distance from their long reach. We must make it to the castle as soon as we can," said Broomstick as he lessened his hurried trot into an unfailing pace to save energy. 
   "Have faith is us little unicorn, we will make it to the castle today, but keep your eyes to the skies, from what you explained to me yesterday there could be fire breathing dragons patrolling the skies above  us. And I will keep my ears and eyes to the ground to listen and search for other depraved and degraded creatures that could arrive on the scene below our feet."
    "This is going to be a long day, is it not my wizard friend?"
    "Yes I believe it is little unicorn."
  Both smiled sparingly at each other with a not particularly too encouraging mutual thought between them. As the hours passed by without incident, and with Broomstick keeping a better steady pace, they made very good time for a change. The forest's muddied and twisted ground began to give way to a clearer and more dead flat area thus making travel even quicker. Not hearing the toad army behind them and not seeing any of the Toad King's flying generals or other armies about brought relief to them equally as a few more hours passed.
  Exiting Bramble Forest and now entering the outlands of the Kingdom of Gwynedd brought a huge relief and a release together. Neither spoke of the defined moment as they passed out of Bramble Forest, it was an understood emotion between them. Traveling now over more familiar peaceable lands, with slow moving rivers, undisturbed glades and dells, and quiet hollows brought known memories to Broomstick. Now longing for the warmth of home more than ever, the ever-steadfast pony began to miss his family and friends that much more.
    "We will be home soon Broomstick. I can tell by your more energetic stride that thoughts of home are on your mind, just as they are with me. But for me right now I am so very worried about my Molly and my other friends" said Louis as he gave the little unicorn a loving pat on the back.
    "I miss my little ones and my wife, and I am worried about the impending war that will soon be at my doorstep."
     "Have lasting faith in me my friend, I and you, and everyone else will survive this. I have my "mind's-eye" my "third eye" now fully trained. I have finished all of my readings last night of the two books belonging to Mr. Beamer. My education is complete and was successful, and my resolve to conquer all that is before me will come to a good result soon. Again carry trust and belief in your heart that my gained knowledge inside of the reading of those two books and my past victories over a few of Túngarar Spadefoot's wicked generals will help me defeat our enemies when the time comes."
    "I trust that you will do the right thing. That is all any of us should do in times of trouble and worry."
    "I am glad you believe like I believe. You always have to believe in your god giving abilities, and if you don't have those talents and skills to conquer what is before you, then gain them either with life experiences, or through meaningful education in one form or another. With that mind-set, you will be successful in all you do. Am I making since?"
    "Perfect since Louis, you see you are a very wise wizard, and I can see that you have matured beyond your years within the very short time that you have been in this world. I can see the growth within you. I hear it in your wise words."
    "I do enjoy our chats and our time together Broomstick. When this is all finished I intend to hone my wizard and fairy tender skills, and hopefully I will be able to come back and visit you often. I would also like to meet your family one day under better circumstances."
    "That would be great Louis plus I one day would like to meet your family, also I hope your father comes back home soon."
    "Thank you Broomstick."
    "No thank you Whiskbroom."
  Both good friends ended the conversation more endeared and bonded to each other by sharing past memories and present feelings and thoughts. Louis now wanted more than ever to make all things right in this outlandish under-universe, especially for his new good friend as well as his family. 
  A few more uneventful hours passed by as Louis listened for bottom dweller's underfoot who may be trying to rise up to thwart their forward progress, as Broomstick constantly scanned the blue heavens over them, for Rukh the Firebird and his possible arrival into the great war. Onward looking up the smooth earthen pathway a long sloping road began to open up before them. The way ahead would soon begin to twist and turn with many gentle switchbacks the further they climbed.
    "I know this road well Louis I have been on it many times, on the downside over the crest of this hefty mount is Gwynedd Valley then forward at the far end of the grassy basin is Deganwy Castle. We are more or less home Louis, just another hour's travel. I can nearly feel the warmth of my wives long nose pressing against mine," said Broomstick.
    "And I similar to you can sense the comfort of my home. My mom is waiting at the front porch for my return with a basket full of freshly baked brownies, while Mr. Beamer and Mrs. Beamer are next door standing at the front gate, in their front yard, waving to me as I walk up the road to embrace my mother. And then Muncy my golden retriever comes bounding towards me from the far side of the cornfield with his tail wagging in circles so fast it looks as if he could take to flight. It is all so surreal and wonderful, soon...Broomstick...soon."
  Upwards they climbed for the next hour, sideways through the switchbacks, followed by another incline, a small downward slope, a change of direction, and therefore the summit was reached.
    "Home is a feeling not just a place to hang your hat. Look Louis Deganwy Castle, the place of my birth, it is so beautiful to behold."
    "It is beautiful and so much more. We will be there soon, if the stars stayed aligned for us. Just across the grassy valley, over the moat and into the safety of the castle, less than an hour more."
    "I want you to meet my wife and family. I have three little ones, Louis."
    "I cannot Broomstick, not on this trip. If you don't mind can we enter through a back gate? Help me to hide out, rest my weary bones, and sleep a bit. There will be too much fanfare and activity upon my return. I have so much on my mind and must stay focused."
    "I can understand your plight and reasoning. A small back gate is less used. I can take you there, I know the gatekeepers and there is a small room off the guard's chambers. There you can take a hot bath, a home-cooked meal can be delivered to you, and there are two soft beds. While you stay there, I can find Governor Bregon and Mayor Thithor to inform them of the whereabouts of the toad army and about your great victories. You can meet my family at another time, but if you do not mind, I have to see them as soon as I get you into the castle and get you settled. Also Atamo will want to talk with you."
    "I am glad you understand about trying to keep a low-profile on this matter, and yes go see your family. Take all the time you wish. Send Atamo to me when you like. Now let's make good time, down this last hill, and through that valley."
  Now picking up the pace with renewed interest Broomstick stayed true to his earlier convictions thereby getting Louis into the castle unharmed, and as quickly as possible. The voyage down the pathway through the valley was easy to travel. They passed no castle merchants, working animals or workingmen, no underworld cronies or scouts that they knew of, and no otherworld, out of the ordinary type of dishonest or crooked persons.
  After his familiar face was recognized by the castle guards, 
Broomstick with his valued rider was allowed to pass through the rear gate of the castle un-tethered and un-fettered. The slight wizard was escorted into an undersized outbuilding where a small fire burned inside of a redbrick fireplace at the back of the room. 
  In the firebox, a pot of vegetable stew simmered over the cooking-fire. The inviting smells of the stew warmed his tired heart and road-weary mind. Louis immediately thought and was glad that is was not a pot of "Louis Stew". Remembering Noctuid's ugliness, Louis painfully recoiled emotionally and physically.
  As the drained traveler unpacked, undressed and unwound the little unicorn dashed off to complete the last of his bound duties before returning to his own abode. After finding and informing the mayor, the governor and Atamo the Astral Fairy about their trials and troubles on their long road away from Hagby Tower and out of Bramble Forest, Broomstick disappeared into the heart of the castle to find the warmth of his beloved home and the love of his wife. 
  Louis's appetite surprised him, after eating two large bowls of soul-warming stew; Louis reclined into a long hot bath, then crawled up to sleep on one of the down-filled beds. Only a few hours passed when Louis heard an alarming knock on the door. Only a handful of people knew of Louis's arrival in the castle, knowing the knock sounded urgent Louis jumped quickly from his bed. 
    "Rukh the Firebird, open the door Louis!" shouted out a castle guard "Louis the undertoad army!"
    "What of Rukh and the undertoads?" asked the troubled Louis as the front door flew open and Louis appeared into the late afternoon's waning moonlight.
    "Wizard sorry to awake you, my name is Malgath. I am from the elf clan knows as the Marlevaurs, Atamo the Astral Fairy has sent me to fetch you."
    "What is going on? Where is Broomstick, where is Atamo?" 
    "It is Rukh the Firebird! He has been observed circling high overhead spitting deathly fire from his throat, he is above Gwynedd Valley and will soon be over the Kingdom of Gwynedd. The skies are partly cloudy now so he could even be over Deganwy Castle as we speak!"
    "Quickly take me to Atamo!" bellowed Louis as he reached for his belongings.
    "There's more wizard! Within the last few minutes, Túngarar Spadefoot's undertoad army with Spadefoot hopping out front has crested Mount Gwynedd, and is now heading down the only road towards the castle. His army numbers in the thousands, they are advancing on the castle with long spears and drawn swords. 
  We must get you out of the castle before you are trapped with no way out. Atamo has commanded me to show you the only way under the moat and into Gwynedd Forest that boarders the south side of the castle where Trog the Beaver King lives, you passed through that forest once to reach us. We must get you into the cover of that forest so you will not be seen by the Fire-Bird's searching eyes."
    "What about Broomstick and Atamo? Again where are they?" asked the alarmed Louis as he flew towards the front door, following Malgath's lead towards the hidden passageway out of the castle.
    "I have been instructed by Mayor Thithor to tell you that Broomstick has been ordered to stay here in the castle to tend to his family and their needs, and that Atamo will find you in Gwynedd Forest later tonight or when he can find the time. He has more pressing matters to attend to here at the castle, I am sure you can understand."
    "I understand, lead me to the hidden passageway out of the castle and to safety, quickly."
    "One other thing, here is a small backpack full of supplies; it has enough food and water to get you to your escape point at your fairy circle. Your other friends have almost reached the extraction point. They will be there by midnight on the next day as planned. Orlaith and Eldon the Astral Fairies, the two friends of Atamo spotted them on the road back there earlier this afternoon just before you arrived at the castle gates. They are well and making good progress."   
    "Malgath you are a good and faithful elf, and I thank you for the good news about my friends. I am sorry to hear about the siege of your home by the undertoad army. I know that the Toad King's underlings will spot me at some point as I pass into Gwynedd Forest and begin my journey towards my freedom once again. 
  Spadefoot is going to understand that I am heading towards my friends and our future meeting place. He will follow me. It is there where I will have to defend myself, my friends, and it is there where the last great battle to save your land and your world will take place. Trust me on this, my mind's-eye has seen the vision. It is a given truth. I will not abandon Broomstick, his family, you or any of the great people of the Kingdom of Gwynedd."
    "I know you won't, your great future battle with the bully Spadefoot has been foretold for over a thousand years. But for now please follow me into this tunnel that leads below the castle walls, underneath the moat and out towards the pathway to your destiny."
  Slinging the little backpack full of supplies across his weary shoulders, on top of his own small carryall, and over his wizard robe Louis and Malgath passed through a thick wrought-iron gate. Onto a dry narrow rocky pathway lit by torchlight, then down a long slim hallway that stretched the full length of the castle and grounds, then onwards towards a south hidden gate.
  Upon reaching the small outlet gate, Louis turned backwards to face the devoted and loyal little elf.
    "Wish me luck. At midnight on the night after next your full moon rises once again, Walpurgis Night will be upon us once more. There will be an epic battle of wills then the Widdershins Dance will begin yet again. There will be dancing and singing. Your queen will arise again and all things will be as they were before Túngarar Spadefoot the Toad King took rule of this world. Have trust and faith."
    "Good luck wizard. I have trust and carry faith in my heart that you will succeed. I will look upwards at the midnight hour on the second night, to look for evidence of your victory. I will help you celebrate your grand victory and ours on that special night. Godspeed to you" said Malgath the castle Gate Keeper from the Marlevaur Clan.
  As the small iron-gate silently closed behind Louis, he promptly passed out of view and back into Gwynedd Forest from which he passed through only a week before. As the blue moon slowly slunk back into hiding for the evening behind the Morpeth Mountains, the nightly thick blue fogs began to form and spread about the forest floor. All good living things began their nightly slumber as the creatures of the night crawled, crept and slithered unceremoniously out of their daily hiding places. 
  With criminals and beasts on the loose Louis kept off of the well-worn and beaten footpaths of the animals, brutes, and fiends that crisscrossed the forest throughout the night, instead he chose the cover of the lower forest canopy, and low down hanging branches of the smaller trees. Stealth and secrecy was his, he traveled alone and trekked forward with little weight to slow his movements. Having to be to the other side of the narrow forest yet long forest within a night and a half meant he would have to travel well into this night and into the next morning. 
  Without Broomstick the Unicorn to carry him on the last leg of his lingering journey, the travel would be slower and more difficult. He had time to make up. Louis had just believed upon entering Deganwy Castle that he had time to sleep and rest before the next full moon would rise. Time was now of the essence more than ever, what if he had miscalculated his travel time and missed his only chance for him and his friends to climb back through the wormhole and back home?
  The thick blue fogs that Louis passed through, around and under, alone and en route back to his fairy circle were cold, chilling, and draining on the spirit. He ate little, drank little water and stopping to rest even for a split second was not a luxury Louis could afford. He forged ahead clearly under a great strain to finish what he understood he had unmistakably started years before. 
  As the hours passed by, he heard creatures and beast cries of pain, thought he heard Father-Death take another life, then an additional corrupted, despoiled soul during the night. He also believed he saw inside of the fogs monstrous shadowy figures with large fangs, shadowing his every movement the deeper into the forest where he passed through.
  Eventually the pressures of the night, his travels and his future tasks wore him down; his body began to falter along with his judgment. Well into the heart of the night and far away from this night's bewitching hour Louis collapsed down upon himself, he stumbled to the ground as he tried to cross a large deep trench. Upon plummeting onto the ground, he tried the best he could to pull his clothes upwards closer to his shivering body. He gathered some dried mosses and leaves that were within reach, and then allowed his worn out body to cease any more un-needed movement. He welcomed sleep without shillyshallying; he had not a choice in the matter. He was exposed to the elements and the inborn dangers that lie within, but he was not utterly alone. 
  Trog the King of the Beavers had been mirroring Louis's footsteps and pace ever since the moment he entered back into Gwynedd Forest and back into Trog's domain. And with Atamo the Astral Fairy now hovering close by with an ever watchful-eye focused upon the little sleeping wizard, the little wizard would surely live to see the morning's new light and his fairy circle once again.     
~Chapter 14~
Back to the Fairy Circle

  Sleeping like a vampire in a coffin, the partially dead-to-the-world Louis slowly opened one sleepy eye, then a different one. After feeling himself for a heartbeat, the non-dead Louis stirred the forest leaves and mosses away from, and off his almost lifeless body. 
  After climbing back, up and out of the soggy trench that was his uncomfortable bed for the night, Louis approached a slow moving, clear stream that was lined along the shore with low-lying green grasses and tall wild posies. Not a single Spadefoot tadpole was in sight, which pleased and surprised Louis.
  The heavy fogs and dense cloudy skies of the dreary night before had lifted and scattered back into the emptiness from which they formed. This morning's clear blue skies above helped radiate the heat from the blue moon upon Louis's slender shoulders bringing with it a natural warmth down into his soul and upon his body.
  While lifting the small water satchel back up to his lips for another drink of water, a mild pain was felt upon the rear of his neck, immediately Louis spun about like a wooden top spinning about on counter top. Louis spun in reverse towards the friendly voice then looked aloft, "I have good fortune already on this day, and the day is still so young. Dulinnor the Companion Bird and Atamo the Astral Fairy, with you both here, two friends have never been more welcome. But it still hurts every time you bite me Atamo, but I guess that is why I love you. You always hurt the ones you love never rang more true with you." 
    "Morning's light...is morning's delight...with days too short...this night too long...no delight is found this night...fairy tender not wizard will win the fight."
    "I can still never understand what you say. Slow down and repeat that please."
    "No kindness to give...no books to read...all is done...all is ready...be strong and steady."
    "Wait Atamo again you are going to fast...let me think already..." said Louis with some exasperation showing in his words, as Dulinnor began to fly about in circles above Louis's head. "I have to know what you are saying, are you talking about tonight at the fairy circle, what am I to do?"
    "Remembered once...nary be the fairy of lighthearted thoughts...winks...blinks...flickers and flashes and twinkles. A wizard we must trust, a fairy tender not...worked only with trust, now again trust is a must...nary a wizard on this night, a fairy tender will work just right..."
    "Don't go Atamo, what are you trying to tell me? A wizard we must trust, a fairy tender not...worked only with trust, now again trust is a must...nary a wizard on this night, a fairy tender will work just right...help...Atamo...Atamo...!"
  Hovering now in flight to the height of a common forest troll Atamo leaned to the side of Dulinnor's back then glanced downward. He spoke one last time to Louis before greater forces called him back towards Deganwy Castle, "Come calling I will...when the night is pleasantly still...when the full yellow sun rises, all will be full with surprises..."
    "Noooo...noooo...don't go yet...Atamo...Atamo..."Louis's voice trailed off as Dulinnor with Atamo the Astral firmly in control were finally and completely lost from sight, as they crested the top of a large nearby willow tree.
  Showing a troubled mind Louis began to mumble then mutter to himself, "Not again...now I have another riddle to mull over and make sense of, why does he do this to me?"  
  After eating a light breakfast and drinking deeply from his satchel of water Louis headed back to where the road wound away from Deganwy Castle, still staying out of sight, he continued his trek through Gwynedd Forest. With so much on his mind (after his recent encounter with Atamo), Louis now had other thoughts on his mind as well. 
  A northern vernal equinox was expected to race across the celestial equator at midnight. During the slight nutation of the earth that was expected on this night, on the precession of the equinoxes, this was considered to be a minor occurrence, but not to Louis. Only on this night, at an exact time, and only at this one time under the tropical zodiac of Aries were the stars to align perfectly. It was written in Mr. Beamer's books, there could be no change. Everyone had to be in his or her exact places during Walpurgis Night and during the Widdershins dance just as before.
  Early morning turned to mid-morning, afterward to early afternoon, after that to mid-afternoon, at another time into late afternoon, followed by early-evening, then therefore into mid-evening, next into nighttime. Louis barely rested or lessened his torrid pace, throughout the entire day and into the hours of darkness.
  Neither wicked living thing creature, nor malicious or criminal beast approached Louis during his long day's journey into nightfall, into his hopefully last night in Northumberland. A few unknown flying individuals could be seen and heard screeching out high overhead, and a few subterraneous creatures could be heard digging and sensed deep underfoot but nothing truly approached or impinged on his walk towards his desired freedom.
  Now knowing that the fairy circle was only a few more footfalls away, and up and over a now approaching hill, then back into the grassy clearing again, Louis began to run as fast as he could. Shouting out at the top of his lungs, and be dammed with who heard him, he hollered loudly for his friends to hear.
    "Molly! Chug! Tessie! Short Stack!...I am here...it's your Louis, it Louis the Red, the Famed Fairy Circle Tender! The Great Wizard! I have arrived!!
    "Louis, my Louis...Louie is it you?" roared out Molly as Louis's wonderful voice filled her ears then overflowed them. She bolted towards the heartfelt calls, heading unbending towards the top of the nearby hill as Louis crested the other side of the rounded peak. Falling into each other's arms with wild abandon that only two young lovers could have, Louis hung tightly, all the while thinking that he would never let go of his beloved Molly. 
  Both went lost as they tumbled about the hillside misplaced inside the warmth of each other's emotional and emotive embrace. Rolling about the grassy hill inside of each other's caring arms Chug, Tessie and Short Stack playfully joined in the joyful reunion as only truly good friends could. Short Stack bounded upon Louis's shoulders as the others piled on. Arms and legs were flailing about entwined and entangled, kisses abounded, while handshakes back pats and hugs were unceasing and very necessary.
    "Louis the Red, Louis the Great Wizard, you've made it back alive! Do you still have all of your teeth, arms, legs and fingers?" asked Chug in a sly and so matter-of-factly way as he offered Louis another strong squeeze around his chest.
    "I have not counted all the digits in a while, some may even still be webbed, can you help me count them all?" retorted Louis accompanied by another grand embrace of his best friend.
     "You might even be able to out hop me in the three legged race this year at the county fair Louis," quipped Short Stack as he began to hop about the hillside lost in gladness at the sight of his friend's return.
    "Ribbett...Ribbet...Ribbet..." went Tessie as she began to joyfully hop alongside Short Stack. All began to now hop deliriously about the place mimicking a Spadefoot Undertoad. Now all falling back to the soft ground in unison the conversation turned more serious as each realized the importance of the little wizards return at just the right time.
    "We are all so happy you returned Louis, and just in the nick of time," said Chug.
    "Yeah and right on time, you must have run the whole way" stated Tessie.
    "No Broomstick the Unicorn helped me, he carried me out of the Northumbria Mountains, Bramble Forest then onto Deganwy Castle" said Louis as he now sat up and addressed the others with a humorless look on his face.
    "What happened in Elphame City at Hagby Tower? And what has become of Elphen the White Queen? Is she...is she...dead...Louis?" asked Short Stack in a slightly faltering voice. 
    "I vanquished her, she is not dead there is a difference. I was successful in my quest. It was just awful. There was this horrible hob named Hobthrust, he was a horrible beast, he was all hairy and he wanted to eat me."
    "And what about her Louis what was she like, the after-walker, was she truly already dead?"
    "Yes Molly she was absolutely dead. She was a Necromancer. I used the adder stone to see the truth, and her true beauty was revealed to me. She was not beautiful at all. She first appeared to me as the most beauteous woman who ever graced the face of the earth. She was draped in all white linens, wore a jewel encrusted golden crown and was covered in rare stones. She floated above the grounds of her ice palace as if an archangel might in flight. Then her horrible, shriveled black heart finally showed its valid self. She was consumed with hate and it destroyed her in the end. I have been through so much, and there is so much more to tell," explained Louis as he gave Molly another soft kiss on the cheek.
    "And what about Spadefoot and his undertoad armies?" asked Tessie.
    "I am sure as you passed out of Bramble Forest, back through the Kingdom of Gwynedd and into Deganwy Castle that you heard all of the most current news of Spadefoot and his army. I returned to his slimy lair and confronted him. I gave him the White Queens scared crown, the crown of Æthelfrith of Northumbria. Spadefoot took it then revealed his true immoral and dishonest intentions. 
  He is a criminal and a liar. He will not release us willingly. He is now trying to thwart our escape back to Centerville. He is after us as we speak and could be right over that hill that I just crossed for all I know. I did hear movement under the ground from time to time and saw odd creatures flying overhead in the last two days, so I am sure he knows that I am here now."
    "Then we are in trouble again?" asked a frightened Tessie.
    "We have been in trouble since the day we arrived here," said Molly
    "I agree we have" added Chug.
    "Yes we are, still in trouble and trouble usually travels in packs, so let's pack it up and head for the fairy circle. The bewitching hour is almost upon us again. Look to the skies above everyone, the vernal equinox of Aries, the northward equinox has already begun. The notation of the planet and the precession of the equinoxes has been set in motion. The full moon will be at its apex again as if it was that night in Centerville, what seems so many nights ago. We all have to step right back into place, and take our places rightfully around the fairy circle.
    The Widdershins dance will soon begin again!
    Walpurgis Night is here!"
    "Looking towards the northern star and the alignment of the stars and moon, I am guessing that it is about eleven thirty Louis" said Chug.
    "I agree Chug. My pocket watch has not worked since I've been here so I can only guess along with you. Let's get moving and get ready," said Louis as he motioned for all to head down the hill and for them to get back in front of the fairy circle.
  No one spoke another word as they quickly sprinted back down the hill as fast as they could go. Upon reaching the broad fairy circle, Louis the Fairy Circle Tender surveyed his creation once again.
    "Let's see the mycena galericulata or common bonnet mushrooms are all just where there were before. The toque mycena or the rosy-gill fairy helmet mushrooms are in place. The two picked and once bitten mushrooms by us before have all re-grown. And I dare to look but the Möjebro Runestone is right where I saw it before. I believe all is just as it should be. The fairy circle seems to be workable and in perfect condition. Does anyone see something amiss that I do not? Does anything appear out of place?" asked Louis as he walked around the fairy circle, trying to survey its entirety for anything and whatever thing that might have gone astray.
    "Have any of you noticed that there is not a single sound of anything else but the sounds of our own voices in the air? There is no wind, no movement of the grasses, no night bird songs, no insect chirps, no sounds of water running, or even a rustle in the leaves of the trees that surround this place. The world appears to be in a state of total motionlessness and calm. Do you all feel it? It's like the planet is waiting for something, for anything to happen," queried Molly as she looked towards the ground out in the near distance.
  No sooner did Molly complete her sharp observations than the ground began to shimmy and shake below their feet, slightly at first then with more volume and force.
    "Look to the crest of the hill over there Louis, we have unwanted company" said Chug as he pointed towards the spectacle unfolding before them.
    "My god Louis they have arrived, they have found us out" said an uncertain Tessie as all she was witnessing unfolded before her.
  Turning slowly about and looking backwards towards the dirt road from which he just followed to the fairy circle, then allowing his eyes to scan the whole of the area, Louis looked from north to south, then to east and west, as far as the eye could see, all he saw, were undertoads. Long spears, swords, shields and helmets decorated the broad and thick ranks. Mud covered, muddied, slimy and menacing looking they stood in stillness and with resolve. None flinched as Túngarar Spadefoot the King of the Undertoads parted the lines from the rear. Now standing apart and alone from his kindred spirits the Toad King broadened his stance and strengthened his boldness. He chuckled under his breadth at the weakness of his foes.
  Mumbling and murmuring to himself once again, Louis looked a little confused as he tried to remember Atamo's last words to him, "A wizard we must trust, a fairy tender not...worked only with trust, now again trust is a must...nary a wizard on this night, a fairy tender will work just right.
    "What are you so tongue-tied about Louis, think of something fast! That toad army is beginning to march down that hillside and what or who is that giant toad hopping out front?" shouted out Short Stack.
  Louis shot back, "That's Frank Frankle I think, and he's turned into giant toad, he's now Túngarar Spadefoot the Toad King...oh...I know...man oh man...were in trouble!"
    "You're darned right were in trouble Louis. Louis so that's what Frank Frankle is now, maybe he should have stopped bullying us kids a long time ago, serves him right!!" shouted out Chug as he tried to reason out all that he was seeing.
    "Louis are this an "accident or just an incident", which is it this time? This is your fault. Stop playing with mushrooms and wizard books...and...and..." called out the alarmed Short Stack above Chug's shouts. 

    "Ribbett...Ribbett...Ribbett...Ribbett...Ribbett..."    
    "Ribbett...Ribbett...Ribbett...Ribbett...Ribbett..."
    "Ribbett...Ribbett...Ribbett...Ribbett...Ribbett..." 
    "Ribbett...Ribbett...Ribbett...Ribbett...Ribbett..."

    "I don't care if that's Frank or not, we've got real problems now. We cannot be a part of this war any longer. The fairy circle is ready time is of the essence. Look to the Aries moon it sits still now at its apex, the earth is quiet and we are all where we should be, standing before the fairy circle."
   Louis pulled off his extra supplies and carryall. Standing in his wizard robe, wizard hat and with his pointed wizard shoes still covering his feet, he reached down into a rear pocket of his robe. He produced the quagga-tail switch then began to bark out orders that were not to be forgotten.
    "It's Walpurgis Night, it's upon us! The Widdershins dance! The Widdershins dance! Molly as beforehand dance nine times around the fairy circle but clockwise this time. Everything in this world runs backwards, before in Centerville you went counter-clockwise. Count out the circles, then Tessie you jump in when I tell you, everybody sing loudly now...
He wha tills the fairies' green
Nae luck again shall hae :
And he who spills the fairies' ring
Nae we all dance and sing

Betide him want and wae.
For weirdless days and weary nights
Are his till his deein' day.
Nae we all dance and sing

But he who gaes by the fairy ring,
Nae dule nor pine shall see,
And he who cleans the fairy ring
An easy death shall dee.
Nae we all dance and sing
Nae we all dance and sing

      "Your fanciful songs will not help you LITTLE BOY! Listen up all of you hopeful youths, you will not be leaving this world in the same form that you entered it if I have anything to do with it!" bawled out Spadefoot as his undertoad army marched in time behind him while he bore down upon the terrified kids.

    "Ribbett...Ribbett...Ribbett...Ribbett...Ribbett..."    
    "Ribbett...Ribbett...Ribbett...Ribbett...Ribbett..."
    "Ribbett...Ribbett...Ribbett...Ribbett...Ribbett..."    
    "Ribbett...Ribbett...Ribbett...Ribbett...Ribbett..."

    "Louis look upwards!” screamed out a horrified Chug.
    Rukh the Firebird shot forth a massive molten stream of exploding flames from deep within his throat outwards, then high into infinity as he craftily swooped down upon the clearing. Undertoads scattered and dispersed under his feet upon his arrival. Two more expansive burst of fire detonated noticeable across the land as Rukh the Terrible gracefully touched down upon the top of the nearby earthen mound. He flapped his expansive wings in a great show of force as Louis kept screaming for everyone to keep singing. Another mighty display of flames ignited out of his throat upwards into the cool evening air.
    "Never mind him we are almost out of this world...sing...sing...like you mean it!"
  Mysterious and magical blue fogs began to encircle the fairy circle, the Fairy Circle Tender and his friends as everyone continued to sing loudly.
    "It's working Louis, look the fogs are returning..."
    "I know I can see Short Stack, keep singing...,” shouted out Louis.
    "Five, Six, Seven, Eight, Nine..."
    "Molly jump into the circle!"
    "This better work Louis, I am trusting in you," bawled out Molly as she jumped over the circle of mushrooms.
    "What a fruitless and futile display of cowardly actions. You can't leave this world without defeating me and my army first, don't you know that by now wizard?"
  Really believing in Louis the Fairy Circle Tender for the first time in her life Molly took a true "Leap of Faith".
  Nothing happened.
    "She's still here Louis. It did not work...,” shouted out Tessie as she stopped dancing and singing long enough to slap Louis on the back.
    "At least I'm not getting slapped for a change" cleverly quipped the ex-undertoad Short Stack.
    "That's not funny Short Stack...,” said Louis.
    "I thought so..."
    "Not now you two. What's next Louis the Red, Louis the Wizard...Louis the...do you have any answers yet?" asked the exasperated Molly.
  Spadefoot with his army close behind him reached the outskirts of the fairy circle. Now standing only a few yards behind the frantic, singing and dancing, and horrified little children.   
  He coyly spoke out again.
    "Remind these little fools what kind of real powers I wield in this world. Behold my might...Rukh can you?"
  Rukh the Firebird measured out another throat full of scorn and disdain, he let loose an additional blast of molten flames from deep within his throat; Túngarar Spadefoot accurately made his point.
  Molly screamed out in horror, while Tessie tried to comfort her. Chug with Short Stack stopped dancing and singing as the screams continued to ring out from Molly.
    "You're very good at scaring little children, why don't you trying picking on me? I am a little older and a little wiser Mr. Spadefoot. And my teeth are a little sharper than theirs?" said the peeved and very determined Trog the Beaver King as he stepped through the lingering fogs that encircled the fairy circle. 
   Túngarar Spadefoot stumbled backwards at the sight of the vicious Beaver King as he smiled menacingly at his hated enemy and foe. After regaining his composure Spadefoot began to wrangle with his opponent as Tessie, Molly, Chug and Short Stack stepped behind Trog for protection.
    "A king without an army of true followers is nothing to be afraid of. Although your fangs may be sharp and powerful, the power of my words as they fill my undertoad army's ears, will bring forth the nasty bite of their sharp spears and swords, this can overcome the power of your lone mighty bite.
    "I hear your words, your threats and they ring hollow. I liked it especially when you meant to terrify these little children. What did you say, "Remind these little fools what kind of real powers I wield in this world, behold my might...Rukh can you?" Pathetic...didn't your mother ever tell you not to bully others? 
  I guess not. 
  The trouble with being a bully is that one day you will meet someone who will be bigger, and stronger, meaner, or nastier than you. Alternatively, he will be a future little criminal and not care what happens to you, or even him, so when that day comes, it will be your day or reckoning and truth. Well this day has come, and you have met someone who can rival your nastiness and hate. Well behold the mighty powers that I wield, meet my cousin and his friends, Trogontherium my cousin can you?" asked Trog the Beaver King as he exposed his mighty fangs for the undertoad army to behold.
    "My name is General Trogontherium, behold my army..."
  Now stepping through the chunky and broad fogs into the clearing behind Trog the Beaver King and General Trogontherium were thousands of beavers. The beaver army rivaled that of Túngarar Spadefoot's undertoad army.
    "Now what was it that you just said? Something like, "Your toad armies sharp spears and swords, this can overcome the power of my lone mighty bite."
    "STOP, there will be no war! There will be too many unneeded deaths and woe. This is between King Spadefoot, if that is who you really are, and me. As it was before above in Centerville is what it is now below in this world, so shall it be. None of you are really a part of this, I truly believe that this is my fight!!" exclaimed Louis as he stepped forward in between Trog the Beaver King and Túngarar Spadefoot the King of the Undertoads.
    "No Louis my friend let me take care of this felon and lawbreaker."
    "Louis what are you doing?"
    "Not now Molly...please...!"
    "Louis...what are you getting into again, an "accident or incident"?"
    "Not, now Chug..."
    "Let the boy continue to talk...,” said the amused Spadefoot.
    "Everyone and especially you Trog listen to me. Now Trog you have to trust me on this. I have the courage now to take on this "King of all Bullies". That is exactly what you are. You are a low-down miserable excuse for a person. 
  Take that, the truth hurts the heart do not it that is if you have a heart.
 Just because you are bigger, and stronger, and meaner than everyone you meet or know does not give you the right to threaten everyone or beat up everyone. 
  You throw your depressed and dismal life in our faces, and we are tired of it. You overeat daily, you eat yourself into this size on purpose, and when we can only have so much sympathy for you for so long about your weight problems, then you turn on everyone and blame it all on us. You make the decisions about what you eat everyday not us. This is your own entire fault. Again, when are you going to take responsibility for who you are and what you do? 
  When? 
  Yes, we did make fun of you; most of us kids have at some time or another, which we should not have. Some of that teasing is just part of being a kid, again it was wrong and it will stop, but you...you...you terrorize everyone in your path. 
  Does this make you feel better, make you a better person, or endear you to us?
  No...! 
  Do you make more friends with your actions? 
  No...! 
  Are you a happy person? 
  No...! 
  So what do you get out of your behavior in the end? 
  Nothing...! 
  It only makes you more miserable in the ending and a worse person for it. This is just an endless cycle for you, and you don't know how to get out of it. Well I am a real wizard and I now offer you the real magic to cure and transform you into what you really what to be. I am a real wizard so believe in my magic and it will set you free. Then I will become a real Fairy Circle Tender and take us all home. 
  Atamo the Astral Fairy has given me the wisdom and shown me the way to the truth, that will set us all free and this will save your world and mine. He told me that on this night and at this time for me to do this, "A wizard we must trust, a fairy tender not...worked only with trust, now again trust is a must...nary a wizard on this night, a fairy tender will work just right." He is the true voice of reason in this land, and I am ringing his words into all of your ears. All of you trust in me and all will be finished. Well?"
  Molly looked at Tessie, as Tessie looked at Chug, while Chug looked at Short Stack; all then looked in amazement at Louis.
  Whispering amongst each other all of Louis’s friend could not believe that little Louis had acquired such bravado and wisdom.
    "You speak gibberish, you little fool" said the ever annoyed Túngarar Spadefoot "but I can humor you ‘; l
until I decide to end your life."
    "That is just the opening that I need and that should give me enough time to set things right" said Louis under his breath as he took the stance of a Fairy Circle Tender once more.
  Spadefoot chuckled aloud.
    "Do not trust him Louis. Let me end his vile and wicked rule of this world. My army can defeat his. I beg of you wizard."
    "No Trog. Give me this one chance then you can do what you must if I fail. But please give me my time to either fail or succeed on my own. I've gotten everyone into this mess and I am going to get them out of it" said an heated Louis as he turned to face Spadefoot once again "and are all of you, my friends are you in on this with me?"
    "Yes Louis..."
    "Yes we are Louis...yes..."
    "OK, what do you got Louis...?"
    "Go ahead Little Wizard, Little Fairy Circle Tender, what do you have? Show us you're mighty magic," stated Spadefoot as he motioned for his army to close ranks and prepare for a fight.
  Looking about the thousands of participants that were about to go into this unholy war, looking over at the undertoads, then at the beaver ranks, Louis's heart sank. He then looked over at his friend Trog, and after that over at his good friends. Louis now spoke with an impassioned voice.
    "I am sorry Frank Frankle!"
  Spadefoot giggled.
    "I am sorry Frank Fatbottom Junior!'
  Spadefoot sneered afterwards he sniggered
    "We, all of my friends talked about this position in the past, and we will not make fun of you again ever. Can you accept our heartfelt apology then maybe we can all become friends again. We were friends before, you began to eat so much, years back remember.
  I know you now live in that horrible foster home up on the hill outside of town. And I know that the Governor is not your real father, and that Frank Fatbottom Junior is not your real name. I know that you just took that name so we would all like you that much more, and that you would feel important but don't you realize, we can like you for just who you are, not how much money you have or don't have, or what title in life, you have or don't have. 
    "Your words are meaningless to me. What are you talking about wizard?"
    "Frank that is not true, you know exactly what I am talking about. Let me continue. You just have to be a kind, and be a good person and of course be funny. Chug is funny but we could use another jokester to hang around with us. You use to be funny, I remember, hatred has just soiled your heart and turned it black."
    "Your time is running short, but I will allow this charade to go on only to humor you. Get to the point already."
    "I will get to the point and maybe you will change your ways. I believe in what I am telling the world on your behalf. Now when we were back in Centerville you lived in Hagby House at 2274 Elpham Road. The caretaker of that place, her name was Auntie Elphie. She beat you and emotionally abused you, every day. Short Stack use to sneak up there sometimes, he looked through the window, and he saw what she does to you. 
  He witnessed the abuse. 
  Then when I came into this world with you Frank, you sent me on a quest to go to Hagby Tower to kill Elphen the White Queen. The address on the wall at Hagby Tower was 2274 Elpham Road in the city of Elphame. Don't you get the connection? You sent me to kill the "after-walker" so you could be free from her evil rule and her evil powers that she holds over you. The White Queen is Auntie Elphie in this world. Can't you understand what I am telling you? Well, I did what you asked Frank Frankle.
  And to prove who you are, I have one last fact that you must believe in. In Centerville Frank, you wear sweaters and shirts with your initials on them...FFJ...and you wore a pendant around your neck with the same initials. Now look, what do you wear around your neck now as we speak? Look..." asked Louis as he pointed at Spadefoot's neck.
  Spadefoot pulled the pendant out into the open for all to see.
    "Louis is correct. You have to believe him," cried out Molly.
    "Frank it's me Short Stack! Don't you remember me? We use to go fishing at the rock quarry years ago. Frank, look, I am sorry, I won't tease you anymore about your weight. And I forgive you for giving me a black-eye."
    "Yeah, I'm sorry as well. I did not know your life was so bad in Centerville. How could we all know that you were being abused? I am so sorry Frank. We should be friends," said Tessie as tears started to roll down her cheeks.
   "Frank you will never be as funny as me so don't even try, but we can still be friends" said a smiling Chug.
    "Chug that's not funny, we are trying to be serious here," added Louis as he turned a pensive look in Chug's direction.
    "Well I thought it was funny Louis."
    "None of this is funny, and none of it is true. You will all abide by my laws and orders soon enough and I have this toad army surrounding you to make sure that you bend to my will. We are all soon going to the upper-world, together I think not. I don't believe you that I have a life above. My name is not Frank Frankle, it is Túngarar Spadefoot and I am King of the Undertoads. These are my friends now, this undertoad army I have assembled before you."
    "They are not your friends. These undertoads are all of the kids that your spies have kidnapped from up above in the upper-world and brought down into this world. They were bullied kids above and were easy targets for you to manipulate, and control, and or steal to get them down into this world. You placed a curse upon them, you bent their weak minds by bullying them and now they follow your evil commands without thought. 
  They are all good kids still, and once were before they changed into your undertoads, your toad army does not worship you. THEY HATE YOU and are afraid of you because you are the "King of All Bullies" not the "King of the Undertoads". Are you going to believe me, and change your awful ways or not?"
    "You have no powers here Louis the Red. I am going to prove that to you. Go ahead and start your singing and dancing again. It did not work just before, and it will not work again. Then I will take matters into my own hands. I will rise up through the wormhole with my own magic, through the magic of this crown that I wear on my head. Then all things will be right in the universe once again, in this world, and in the world above. So start your grand magic once again and let's see your mighty powers oh Great Wizard."
    "Louis it is not too late. My beaver army is in place, we can defeat this Spadefoot and his rubes on his own terms. Louis will you let me?" asked the enlivened Trog.
  Louis leaned in and spoke softly into Trog's ear, "He has slipped up, and he is allowing me a window of great opportunity that I must pass through. I have thought of the errors of my ways before. I know why the magic I tried to use failed before. I might need you still but let me try my way first" said Louis as he smiled at Trog.
    "OK, little Fairy Circle Tender, your fairy circle awaits you."
  Once again remembering Atamo the Astral, and his wise words, "A wizard we must trust, a fairy tender not...worked only with trust, now again trust is a must...nary a wizard on this night, a fairy tender will work just right." I just have to trust in my fairy circle tender skills, don't be a wizard on this night, and remember all those things that I read in Mr. Beamers' books.
    "Louis is you up for this? Can you do it?" 
    "You bet I can Chug. Watch this."
  Raising his hands up in the air, pulling back the sleeves of his wizard robe and adjusting his wizard hat, Louis raised his voice for all to hear.
    "Louis the Red will defeat this bully once and for all, because I have had enough! I take back my life on this night! I have the courage, and I have the right, for I am the Fairy Circle Tender behold my might!!"
    "Don't you love it when he does these theatrics Tessie?" asked Molly as she spoke in Tessie's ear."
    "You know I do."
  Searching about in his pocket Louis produced the very last of his firecracker power. Taking three large steps into the fairy circle, he then forcefully slammed his last handful of scientific magic upon the Möjebro Runestone. The firecracker powder exploded into flames. Louis slyly looked over at Chug.
  Everyone jumped backwards at the sight of the Fairy Circle Tenders magic. Spadefoot as well took a few steps backwards, in apparent awe of the spectacle that was unfolding in front of him. 
    "I've got them right where I want them Chug. Let them think about that for a moment. Chug another thought, on the inscription on the Möjebro Runestone and on Hagby Tower, the words were a lie. Remember the words? 
Here lays Robert Louis Parks
May he rest in peace
10 years old

Chug I'm twelve years old, so this is not my epitaph. I am not destined to die here after all."
    "That's great news, but what about the rest of us?"
    "Chug don't worry, I am Louis the Red, sometimes red hair does have its rewards, now remember what I say, pay attention and watch this. Tessie, Molly, Chug, Short Stack take a bite of a mushroom like before in Centerville. I forgot to tell you earlier."
    "OK Louis whatever you say."
    "Quickly, quickly swallow them down" pleaded Louis as he picked a handful, then handed a piece to each of his friends.
  Each with some hesitation ingested a foul tasting mushroom.
    "I feel queasy Louis," said Chug.
    "Me and Tessie as well..."
    "Me too..." said Short Stack. 
    "It's just the magic mushrooms taking a hold of your mind once again, they are psychedelic you know. Now listen up and do as I say! Start singing again but this time the right song."
    "Which song is that Louis?" asked a partially spellbound Molly.
    "Yeah which one...?"
    "Take my lead, everyone sing, then Molly jump into the fairy circle again when I tell you to, then Tessie jump in after that."
    "OK Louis..."
    "OK..."

Widdershins, Widdershins, a Widdershins night
all the children dance and shout, circle left nine times yes we do
just so we can begin to raise you

Quagga-tail switch, abide and heed my callings
because tonight's blue moon is surely rising


Upon the rise in the next twilights new morning
Be an Astral Fairy nary a Sleagh Maith Hairy



Young is he the new crowned fairy tender
his youth should not be his profound undoing

Under my command you must wisely rise
be only Atamo the Astral Fairy, or the fairy tender faces his demise

Widdershins, Widdershins, a Widdershins night
all the children dance and shout!!

    "Five, Six, Seven, Eight, Nine..."
    "Molly now...now jump in...!"
    "You are very amusing Louis the Red and your fairy circle looks very impressive, but your magic is no good here, for I am going to be the real magician here. Soon this little show of yours will be over and the real show will start," said the ever so boastful and prideful Spadefoot. As the Toad King rambled on, Molly began to disappear out of sight right before his eyes, inside of the lingering fogs within the circle of mushrooms.
    "Now Tessie go in after her...!" 
  Tessie jumped into the enchanted circle as Molly screamed out. Tessie and Molly then went silent as both went absent inside of the thick fogs. Spadefoot, his armies, Trog the Beaver King and his colony of beavers could not believe their eyes. The ground next opened up and swallowed them both whole. 
    "I will stop this right now. No more of this tomfoolery, chicanery and disobedience" shrieked out Spadefoot as he hopped into the fairy circle, "where are those two girls?"
    "I have vanquished them just as I am about to vanquish you!" shouted out the disgruntled and angry Louis.
    "Louis do you need my help, my beaver army is ready!"
    "No...no...don't move Trog, this is between me, my friends and this offender and loathsome fellow. Frank I've given you every chance to solve this. I apologized and so have my friends, but you offered nothing in return. All you do is rebuff, refute and reject all of our peace offerings and you disallow any offers of settling this like real men. Well no more! A fight is what you want and fight is what you'll get."
    "Get him Louis! Remember he's been threatening you for over a year to pound you and blacken your eyeball, like he did Short Stack's. Get him!" screamed out Chug as he stepped into the fairy circle after Louis.
    "Yeah he's right Frank Frankle you are a big bully and criminal. We are all tired of this bullying by you. You punched me in the eye and I will always hate you for that. I take back my apology. Your time has come! Go get him Louis!" cried out Short Stack as he as well stepped into the fairy circle. He now stood shoulder to shoulder with Chug.
    "OK, the real truth, I am all you said am more! I am a bully! I am a criminal! I am a horrible person! And I don't care, and yes my name is Frank Frankle and Auntie Elphie did beat me, but she also toughened me up, and you know what I like my role in life as "The Bully". I was born for this work! Also, I like the new form of mine. All bullies above in the upper-world should be so lucky to be transformed into even a larger and nastier bully like the one I have. Don't you understand you can never change us this is what bullies do! YOU WILL ALWAYS BE WEEK AND WEEK-MINDED AND I WILL ALWAYS CONTROL YOU!"
    "NOT ANYMORE! NOT ON THIS DAY, FOR TODAY IS MY DAY! IT ALL STOPS TODAY!!" shouted out Louis at the top of his lungs for the rest of Northumberland, the Kingdom of Gwynedd and for Centerville Indiana to hear.
  Slyly and effortlessly circling to the left like an un-caged shark in the wild, Louis began what would truly be the "first day of the rest of his life".
    "I'm going to box you about the ears! I am going to be giving you so many rights, you'll be begging for a left! Then an uppercut! Then a haymaker! Yeah, I get in trouble all right, and I daydream, and I am small for my age, so what. Today I will stand taller and bigger than any little red haired kid has before, or any kid for that matter!" bellowed out the little Fairy Circle Tender.
    "Let's see what you've got you little, freckle-face, red-haired runt!" shot back Frank.
    "There you go again. Anything but the red hair and freckles! Always making fun of the red hair and freckles, put up your dukes, you poor excuse for a kid!" shouted back Louis.
  Louis defying all: logic, common sense, good-judgment, good-reason, rational-thinking and obvious brains; Louis just picked the biggest fight of his life. 
  The fight was on. 
  Two quick jumps to the left and Louis shot up and over the Möjebro Runestone, jumping off the larger center area of the stone. Louis went airborne, flying directly towards Frank's back. Frank seeing the incoming little boy, he hopped to his right with more agility and nimbleness than Louis thought possible of one so large. Franks many layers of fat slapped together as he jumped away, thus making an odd sound that filled Louis's ears.
    "You're quicker than you look, big boy. You better guard your eyeballs, because I am going to give you a black-eye for all the trouble you've caused me over the years."
    "I've only hopped away from you to make the fight seem like it is fair, you know like I am really afraid of you. We do have an audience you know so let's give them a show."
    "We'll give them a real show alright. I'm going to show them that you are really not so tough after all."
  Spadefoot spun quickly back to his left shooting forth his forked tongue while in motion, it narrowly missed Louis as he dove to the right. The Toad King slowly licked at the air, in a mighty display of disgust. 
  Louis shuttered where he stood.
  Spadefoot wiggled about in delight where he stood.
  Being quick on his feet and quicker in thought, Louis's scientific mind now began to churn and brainstorm. 
    "Got brain freeze Ginger?"
    "That's it...I've had enough, now with the Ginger talk!"
  Mr. Spadefoot lurched once again at Louis with his claws extended, but Louis was just too quick, then another tongue strike by a hair's breadth it missed the agile Louis. 
  Louis flew back into action, he darted pass Frank, shot towards the ground, then rolled towards the outside edge of the fairy circle. Grabbing a large handful of spellbound mushrooms, he rolled back the other direction away from his enemy with a new plan, literally in hand. Now circling about once again, he crouched down low like a cat burglar casing a jewelry store at midnight.
  Another violent outward tongue strike finally hit its mark; it walloped Louis right below his left eye. Louis shrieked out in pain. With his free hand, he felt the warmth of his own blood as his eye began to swell. 
    "Call me a Ginger will you? A little blood won't stop me. I've been waiting too long to confront you. Did that make you feel any better? I know your kind in reality you're lonely and miserable with not a true friend in the world. Being a bully is not that fun after all, is it?"
    "What does your own blood taste like Ginger? You words can't hurt me but my words can sure hurt you, they can cut you just like my tongue just did."
    "Never again will your nasty words hurt me. Never...!"
  Flying off the Möjebro Runestone once again as Spadefoot turned to work the crowd of bystanders, Louis landed upon Spadefoot's broad, thick neck, thus surprising the Toad King to no end. 
    "That's it Louis...!" bawled out Short Stack.
    "Show him who's the real boss...!" shouted out Chug.
  Túngarar was overly fatted, with short stubby arms. He frantically tried to reach the annoying Louis as the clever Ginger scratched and clawed at the rear of his ample neck. Louis now squeezed tightly with all his might with one arm around Spadefoot's neck, as he tried to reach around with the other. Pawing at the large mouth Louis tried to force the handful of the powerful magic mushrooms over Spadefoot's sizeable black lips. Spadefoot began to spin about like a windmill in a windstorm doing anything he could to stop the mugging.
    "You are an irritant and most irritating. What are you trying to do?" called out the outsized toad.
    "Being fat has its advantages when you want to fight someone but if you can't catch or grab me then what well does that do you in a fight Frank? Here take this."
  Mimicking Digger the Blue Haired Rabbit at work, Louis kicked as hard as he could into Spadefoot's neck, two hard thrust was just the prodding the nasty toad needed to get him to open his mouth. 
  He screamed out in pain!
  Louis seizing his moment, slammed the mushrooms over his black slimy lips and down into his bottomless throat. Frank Frankle coughed and tried to up-chuck the foreign objects as Louis kicked him once again, but this time as hard as he could in his ribcage. This knocked the air out of Spadefoot as Louis released his grip. 
  Both fell violently backwards towards the ground. Louis being now closer to the ground and more in control hit the bottom of the fairy circle first. He deftly rolled over to his left away from the three thousand five hundred pound man-child as he slammed face up upon the earth. As Spadefoot leveled everything below him, he swallowed the entire amount of the mushrooms.
    "What...what was that horrible tasting stuff that you crammed into my throat?"
    "You will find out soon enough. You see brains beats brawn every single time. Soon the playing field will be leveled, you will be seeing three of more or me soon enough. And that cannot be good for you or anybody ever."
  Chug hearing a rustling of the wind and the flapping of wings high above him, looked upwards through the blue fogs hanging above their heads. Chug pointed aloft which caught everyone's attention. The Toad King struggled in thought and speech as the magic mushrooms took a hold of his craven mind.
    "I see...see...reinforcements...have...er...have arrival, behold another one of my...gen...gen...generals..." stuttered out Spadefoot.
  Dragon the Fire Breathing Dragon was spotted circling high overhead. He screeched out for the world to take notice. His breath was fire, his presence sent fear, shock and terror into the hearts of all below. 
  Scanning the horizon once more Spadefoot began to laugh uncontrollably, "The tides...the tides...are...are...turning in my favor, look to the...the north..."
  While Louis caught his breath and took stock of the game-changer's arrival, he looked up, over and behind the ranks of undertoads surrounding them and the beaver army.
  Trog the Beaver King spoke up, "Louis we are in trouble, the Toad King has called in his other generals without us knowing it. You need to think up something quick or we are all going to be toad-food shortly. Look its: Growlar the Cave Bear and his Brother Bear Broadfoot. And over there stands Nebuka the Terrible, he goes by the name of Nebuka the Orange Yeti a real man-eater that one, and over there are Raff the Red Wolf and his marauding wolf pack, and look once again, now on hand is Olle the Ogre, and Paragus the Minotaur."
  Louis did not blink at the arrival of so many other beasts.
    "It seems that you are not just a bully, but a real coward as well. You need help from these other degraded creatures to defeat me Toad King. I am not afraid. I am only afraid for you and what your future will soon be, because this fight has come to an ending. The mushrooms, the magic mushrooms that you have ingested have the power to knock a hundred men off their feet. I gave you a dosage that no one should ever ingest. Your eye-hand coordination is compromised, and your mighty strength will soon be gone. You will have no motor-skills soon, and most of all you are now done with your reign of terror. I will soon defeat you."
    "It is too...er...ah...too...too...late for you Louis the Red..." implied Frank Frankle as he stumbled to his feet yet again. Wobbly, hobbled, tottering and staggering about inside of the fairy circle the drugged Undertoad King was now completely vulnerable, his ample defenses were down and out and Louis knew it. The little wizard moved into position once again with a determination he never knew he possessed, he contemplated every possible movement to come knowing that he would soon do what he never knew he could do in the past. 
  He would stand up for himself against a bully, for the first time in his life!
  Louis focused his third eye above his eyebrows as he narrowed his thoughts. A verdict was reached using real courage.  
  Louis began to run about wildly inside of the fairy circle...all the while yelling at the top of his voice... Louis freely released all of his emotions that had been pent up for so long. He had never been any happier in his entire young life. Now turning sharply toward Frank Frankle, Louis paused for a moment to enjoy the moment. He then quickly sprinted toward his young tormentor who now stood on unstable legs in front of the Möjebro Runestone. Jumping once again high up into the air with one, last great "Leap of Courage" Louis clenched his left fist up as tightly as he could. It came raining down upon Frank Frankle, landing unswervingly, diametrically and straightforwardly right into his mammoth right eye-socket. The powerful haymaker sent Frank Frankle stumbling backwards off his feet. He awkwardly smashed into the Möjebro Runestone, shattering Louis's gravestone in this world into a thousand pieces. 
  Mr. Frank Frankle was knocked out colder than delicatessen turkey lying in a freezer.
     "YEAH...! YEAH...! LOUIS YOU DID IT!!!" screamed out Chug over and over again as Short Stack screamed aloud right along with him.
    "YOU ARE A "REAL HERO" LOUIS...! YOUR NEW NICKNAME IS... KING RED!” shouted out the joyous Chug.
  The Crown of Æthelfrith of Northumbria dissolved into emptiness leaving now only a blackened ring of burnt ashes around the top of Frank's head.
  Little Louis landed squarely upon his feet in front of Frank, with a renewed and very prideful heart. He paused again for a moment, as he looked at Frank, the kid who had tormented him for so long. He now felt sorry for the "King of all Bullies" as he laid there like a dead man in a cemetery. Louis felt that he really had had no choice in the matter, sometimes right makes might, and Louis never stood more mighty in the eyes of his friends and himself as he did right now, or ever before in his young lifetime. 
    "No time to celebrate now, there will time for that later. Chug like before in Centerville grab about Spadefoot's shoulders, Short Stack bite his right leg...quickly...quickly..."  
  Both shot for their positions as Louis pulled Mr. Beamer's quagga-tail switch out of his wizard robe. 
    "Trog it was a pleasure to meet you and thanks for all your help. You can visit me at the watering hole in Centerville anytime you like. Good luck in your new world. Great things are coming your way and for the Kingdom of Gwynedd. Tell Atamo the Astral Fairy, Broomstick the Unicorn, Governor Bregon and Thithor the Mayor, Glorandal the Porter and Tolthe the Wee Folk from the Tlannatar clan that I will miss them all. Now it's time for a little fanciful wizardry from the Great Wizard Louis the Red...er...ah...how about...Ginger the Great Wizard? Chug, Short Stack can you help me out?"

 Widdershins, Widdershins, a Widdershins night
all the children dance and shout, circle left nine times yes we do
just so we can begin to raise you

Quagga-tail switch, abide and heed my callings
because tonight's blue moon is surely rising


Upon the rise in the next twilights new morning
Be an Astral Fairy nary a Sleagh Maith Hairy

Young is he the new crowned fairy tender
his youth should not be his profound undoing

Under my command you must wisely rise
be only Atamo the Astral Fairy, or the fairy tender faces his demise

Widdershins, Widdershins, a Widdershins night
all the children dance and shout!!

    The blue haze began to briskly swirl high overhead as the cool evening air began to rapidly rustle below and about their feet. Louis snapped the quagga-tail switch back and forth with great veracity and determination. Two extraordinarily bright white lightning bolts shot outwards, uphill, upwards and towards the heavens high above as Louis widened into his wizard stance once again. 
  Two fantastical thunderbolts exploded upon the demising lightning bolts, they slashed the turbulent air molecules about them in two, the violent atmosphere slapped back together above the fairy circle and the greater clearing. Everyone present; creatures, beasts, dragons, beavers, minotaur's, yetis', cave bears, and undertoads were shaken to the ground as the notation of the earth shook in time along with the great wizard's powerful magic.   
  The blue moon dwarf planet began to descend downwards out of the forgiving heavens as the earth continued to rumble, growl and grumble underfoot. Looking to the east...not the west...all eyes were blinded by the rising new sun. Gamma rays filled the warming skies as solar winds began to excite the heliosphere that surrounded the main sequencing, rising yellow-dwarf star.
    "A new sun arises from the east!" said the disbelieving Trog as he shielded his eyes from the blinding new light of the midnight-sun as it radiated warmth upon his shoulder, this singular warmth he had not felt in a long, long time.
   Túngarar Spadefoot's corrupt generals scattered in terror upon seeing the new day's new sunlight, they fled horrified, back towards their underground lairs as Spadefoot's massive undertoad army began to whither into nothingness. 
    "Look Louis they run and fly back to where they once appeared. The winged demons and ground dwelling beasts they all retreat. And the undertoads you have unchained their souls they are being released to choose their own lives once again. THEY ARE FREE!"  
  As the diminishing blue moon crossed paths with the rising new sun, a total solar eclipse could be seen with the naked eye during the brief period of totality. A wondrous white corona magically appeared like an ignited angle flying across the midnight sky. 
  The upper whirling blue vapors began to drawn downward lower and tighter upon Chug, Short Stack and Louis as the new sun paused for a minute in the outer space above. Looking off towards the nearby earthen mound where Rukh the Firebird was last seen, now the loveliest vision the inhabitants of the Kingdom of Gwynedd and Northumberland had ever seen before mystically appeared under the umbra and inside of the innermost and darkest part of the shadows; the once beloved and cherished White Queen had arisen anew. 
  The Queen of Elphame, Queen Elphen rode upon a sturdy and prideful white stead. She was no longer, a "shape-shifter, she was one with the shadows for the moment, and as the shadows released her previous black-hearted soul, she no longer held hatred for Túngarar Spadefoot in her heart-of-hearts. The Brawlie was clothed in fine white and jeweled linen with the crown of Æthelfrith of Northumbria squarely fixed upon her flaxen tussles. The powerful crown had been returned to its real rightful owner. 
  As the mysterious dark shadows of the solar eclipse began their dramatic retreat and the new sun quenched all with glorious life-giving sunlight for the first time in a thousand years, her famed horse reared up on all fours. Queen Elphen bowed her head in respect to the direct descendant of Grettir Ásmundarson from Bjarg the "Red Haired One; Louis the Red the "Real Hero" from Centerville, Indiana.
  Little Louis now understood what the White Queen had offered him at Hagby Tower just days before. Remembering the noble offering of the gracious queen Louis searched about a deep pocket in his wizard robe. Producing the strange herb Louis willing and lovingly ingested it. As the strange magic mingled with his mind and comingled with the queens, Louis understood the true love that the White Queen had for little Louis in her heart of hearts and for all things living in this world.
  Louis's mind had never been clearer or more alive as his eyes began to glow a soft cobalt blue color like that of the regal queen who sat upon her proud horse off in the near distance. His eyes glowed brightly at first then settled into a warm color of blue that would stay with Louis for the rest of his life. 
  Louis along with his friends, the beaver army and Trog the Beaver King all bowed lowly in due respect to the newly risen White Queen, the Queen of Elphame who would soon be ruling over all the Kingdoms of Gwynedd and Northumberland.
    "The Widdershins dance and Walpurgis Night has officially come to an ending!" called out The Ginger at the top of his quacking lungs, "time to go back home boys, hold on to your bootstraps! Kaboom goes the dynamite!!" 
    Two more fanciful snaps of the quagga-tail switch by Louis the Red sent two more towering bolts of white lightning then rolling thunder outwards into the universe. The earth rumbled and grumbled once again below the feet of all who stood inside of the fairy circle, as the blue swirling blue mists bore down on them from above for the last time. The ground underneath them promptly opened up and swallowed whole; Frank Frankle the King of all Bullies, Short Stack-who is sometime known as  Mickey O'Flattery the Leprechaun, Chug Martin the Sleagh Maith Hairy Fairy and Louis Robert Parks the famed and infamous Fairy Circle Tender and Great Wizard. 













~Chapter 15~
Back to Centerville

  Rubbing the past sleep out of his eyes, Louis then presently covered his eyes as the dazzling, clear Indiana sun brightened his immediate future. At present hearing an excited hummingbird hovering in a straight line overhead Louis opened one heavy-eye in a sluggish fashion, then the next. 
  Strengthening a little in clarity of thought, Louis called out.
    "Atamo is that you?"
  No reply.
    "Who are you talking to Louis, have you gone daft? Who's Atamo? That's just a hummingbird flying overhead" asked Chug as he tried to stand on two wobbly legs "I feel like I have been sleeping like a Pharaoh inside of a pyramid for a thousand years."
    "It just seems like you've been sleeping that long. As for who's Atamo, I don't quite know yet. The name just popped in my head for some reason," said the still groggy Louis. 
  Looking to his left with a partially clouded mind Louis spotted Molly Jenkins, Tessie Whitman and Short Stack Stark trying to undo the prior night's adventure.
    "Tessie I've got a headache," said Molly as she sat up inside of the fairy circle.
    "Me too Molly, it's the worst headache I've ever had before" added Chug "who's bright idea was it to eat those horrible mushrooms?"
    "Do you even need to ask Chug? Was it an "incident or an accident", it was just Louis being Louis. So great Fairy Circle Tender what were you thinking having us eat those awful mushrooms in the first place?" asked Molly as she turned to face Louis who's eyes were now as bright and as clear as a newborn child's, "Louis your eyes!! What happened to you?" asked the uncertain little girl.
    "What are you talking about Molly? What's wrong with my eyes?"
    "They are the bluest color I have ever seen, your eyes were brown and now you have a big black-eye as well."
    "She's right Louis they are a strange color of cobalt blue, and what a shiner. Your mom is going to kill you," said Chug as he stared deeply into Louis's eyes.
    "Yeah Louis what's happened?" asked Tessie.
    "It must be the mushrooms why else would my eyes be blue. I have no idea how I got a black eye and it is starting to hurt now that you mention it. Well I will head down to the watering hole as soon as I am a little more stable. I can hardly stand right now. Anyway what happened last night I can only remember parts of it, maybe I will remember more if you jog my brain cells?"
    "I don't really remember anything," added Tessie.
    "Me either but I sure wish I could remember" understood Short Stack.
    "Last thing I remember was we started Walpurgis Night and then The Widdershins dance," said Louis.
     "Louis I remember what happened just as clear as this day is."
    "Fill me in Chug, what happened?"
    "Ole Frank Fatbottom showed up during the Widdershins dance. He interrupted everything, and was just as nasty and as mean as always. He started to call you all kinds of horrible names, after that he began to chase you around. At first, you ran from him but you're so fast he did not have a chance. He is so big he could not catch you. As you ran around you tried to apologize for laughing at him about his weight before, and then we all said we were sorry as well. He did not care and did not accept you're admission of guilt. Next, he called you a Ginger and a red-haired runt. You stopped running around when you heard that, boy were you mad. You went right up to face him. You were face to face, man what a confrontation. You told him to say he was sorry for saying that real mean personal stuff about you, and while you were standing there with steam coming from your ears, he reared up and just punched you in the eyeball. 
  That was it! 
  You just lost your cookies. You went all gonzo and just plain gone. You were like a caged prizefighter. Louis you both began to wrestle on the ground, and while you were on the ground, you pounded him around the ears a couple of times. You both somehow got back up on your feet that are when you landed a few straight upper-cuts to his chins."
    "That's funny Chug...his chins," said the amused Short Stack.
    "Let me finish Short Stack, I'm not trying to be funny here. Then out of nowhere, this big haymaker connected as firmly as any punch I have ever seen before, and the next thing you know you punched him right back in his own eye. It swelled up so big, his eye closed shut. He started to cry like a baby in a bathtub full of water that's too hot, and the next thing you know, he ran off in a wild dash towards home I guess. You kicked his butt! It was the most courageous thing I have ever seen before Louis."
    "I did Chug? I don't remember too much about last night, but now that you reminded me, I guess that that is what happened. It's starting to come back to me little by little."
    "Come to think of it Louis I remember that as well. My mind is still a little foggy from eating those mushrooms, but yeah I remember you fighting him. It's just like Chug said it happened," said Molly as she scratched her head while deep in thought.
    "I remember as well Louis, it's just like Chug said it happened," said Short Stack.
    "Me too...Louis you are a "real hero" after all. Once this gets out around town and at school, I guess nobody is going to be picking on you anymore. No one is gonna be calling you a runt or a Ginger again, except us of course" said the laughing Chug.
    "Well what are real friends for my tall friend? Or should I ask what are real friends for Stretch?" asked Louis as he began to laugh aloud just as hard as he ever had before.
  Everyone joined in the merriment as they congratulated Louis for being the bravest kid they had ever seen before. Backslaps, handshakes and hugs, they fell like heavy raindrops upon the deserving Louis.
    "Hey what's everyone Laughing about over there?" shouted out Mr. Beamer as he entered the clearing from the far side.
    "Mr. Beamer did you get a new horse?" asked the excited Louis as he ran toward Mr. Beamer, "wow look at him. Is he a plow-horse, or a carthorse? He fits right in those reins just perfect."
    "Well first off Louis, hi glad to see you are still with us. And yes, he is a plow-horse. He pulls this cart like a natural. And you should see him plow my fields. I just got him yesterday. He's a real hard worker. He's going to be a great helper around the farm. He's gonna even help me pull the ice-wagon during the summertime."
    "What's his name?" asked the thrilled Chug as he ran over to where Louis and Mr. Beamer were.
    "His name is Charlie the Horse."
    "Hi Charlie the Horse, my name is Louis nice to meet you" understood Louis as he gave Charlie a big hug. Charlie whinnied, and stomped his feet on the ground joyfully.
    I want you and him to be good friends. I kind of got him for you and me Louis. You need a new pal. You had been so worried about Frank recently. And I remember our little talk up in my attic about that a few days ago. Therefore, I got Charlie to help me around the farm, and for you to hang around. He will help protect you from the bully's in the world and he might just cheer you up a bit."
    "He already has cheered me up, and man is he handsome and tall. I could use all the friends I can get and Charlie fits the bill just perfect. Thanks Mr. Beamer. Will I be able to feed him and take care of him?"
    "Yes sir...Louis."
    "And can I ride him every once in a while?"
    "Ride him every day if you want to, he likes kids and he is very brave. You two will get along swimmingly."
    "Man oh man...Mr. Beamer you are the best!"
    "We can talk more about Charlie later. I have some other things a little more important to discuss now."  
  Upon reaching the fairy circle Mr. Beamer spoke up again but in a much more serious tone, "You know the whole town has been looking for all you kids. Your moms and dads are just mad as heck that you did not come home last night. Seems you forgot to tell them you were coming out here. When I heard you all went missing very late last night from Hattie May, I derive a conclusion, knowing Louis and all, and sure enough here, you all are. I got out here first thing in the morning just as soon as I could get Charlie in front of this cart. I did not want you all to walk back home."
    "You mean we were out here all night?" asked a befuddled Louis.
    "Yep..."
    "My mom is going to ground me for a month," said Short Stack.
    "Mine too...maybe two" chimed in Tessie.
    "All of your parents are going to ground you and maybe worse," said the chiding Mr. Beamer.
    "Thanks a lot Louis," said the unhappy Molly.
    "Louis trouble just follows you, everywhere you go. Why do we hang out with you?" asked Short Stack.
    "Because I am so very funny and so very likeable...oh...and I have a great left punch," replied the smiling Louis as he did a little jig again.    
    "Well I hate to kill the mood kids but I've got a few questions for all you."
    "Go ahead Mr. Beamer what's on your mind."
    "First off Louis it must be true what I heard from Growlin Harry, I saw him on the way out here this morning, he saw Frank in town real early by Tessie's dad's Five and Dime store, and Frank had this big black-eye. You got in a fight with Frank Frankle last night here, or as you, kids call him Frank Fatbottom Junior, didn't you? I can tell by that blackened left eye of yours Louis that it has to be true."
    "You should have seen him in action Mr. Beamer he was like a lion on the prowl. I have never seen such real courage in my life. You would have been proud of him," said Chug as he looked at the others while they shook their heads in agreement.
    "You know I don't condone fighting, and you should only do that as a last resort but sometimes if you have to, you just have to. I have been in many fights myself as a young boy, I am not proud of it, and to this day I feel bad about having done so. This is very important now Louis. Louis don't be too prideful. That's the wrong emotion to be feeling right now. When you are threatened with violence, it is best to not escalate it with more violence. But I understand you probably had no choice last night. Am I right?"
    "Mr. Beamer you are partially right. I could have run away again but I have done that far too many times in the past. I just could not do it anymore. 
  He was insulting me.
  He was saying real personal thing about me, and about my friends. 
  He was bullying me real bad Mr. Beamer.
  No kid should ever have to take those insults, it's just not right. 
  Right makes might.
  And then afterwards he took a few swings at me. He punched me in the eye first. I just could not take it anymore, and I rather snapped I guess. I am so sorry I had to punch him but he had it coming. He's been picking on all of us kids for years, last year he even punched Short Stack in the eye, so I guess I was just kind of standing up for all of us kids who had ever been bullied by him in the past when I punched him. And you know what I feel better about myself because I did so. So if I get in trouble or got a black eye out of it so be it. I will take my punishment from my mom like a real man. I know I deserve it."
    "That's the most grown-up thing I think I have ever heard you say in your life young man. It's called responsibility, and you are going to get in trouble about this. Now if I were you I would go find Frank later today and offer a heartfelt I'm sorry, and try to make it up to him. Maybe even buy him an ice cream at the Five and Dime and talk it out. 
  You have showed him the real person you are, and how brave you can be, if need be. He will respect you more now I am sure because of it, and if he does not then at least you know you tried. With this being over and done you will have done the right thing, the correct thing. 
  You will have learned from the experience and you will be a better person for it in the long run. All the decisions you make every day in your life as you grow up will shape the person you will be when you are fully grown. Trust me I am older and know about what I am speaking. Your ultimate goals as a youngster should be: to educate yourself, be good to your parents, be a good friend to those who befriend you, be a good citizen of the world and help others less fortunate than you the most you can. And this is what Frank Frankle needs more than anything does. He needs a real friend, a true friend. I don't think he has one friend as we speak, that is partially why he overeats and is so unhappy. Now if you do all of these things as you grow up, you will grow inside of your good deeds, and be a happier person for it.
    "Wow Mr. Beamer I have never thought of it in those terms before. I feel like in my mind's-eye that everything is much clearer now, and I can truly see the ways of my errors. Thanks..." said Louis as he reflected on all that which he just heard.
    "And another thing, you kids should always remember you should at all times, talk with your parents, or with a school counselor, or the school principle, or the police if someone is harassing you, or picking on you, or bullying you, or worse beating you up. The bully might hear about it and call you out for it, and try to make things worse for you because you made things worse for them, but in reality, they have made things worse for themselves, not you. Tell that to him if he does not stop the harassment, it is all really all his fault. That is what bullies do; they cause their own problems by being a bad person, and after that blame their awful behavior on everybody else. They take no responsibility for their own actions and do not care about the harm they do to others. It is called in psychology terms, being a "sociopath". 
  In that book that went missing from my library a few weeks back, the one by Doctor Northumberland, this child's psychology book, it explains this type of behavior in children and in adults in depth. And it tries to help you understand these behaviors that is why I wanted it back so bad, it is very heavy reading, and is quite a lot to understand, it could alter you forever if you read it because of its deep nature, and what some might find, to have a disturbing content to the book.
  But back to the bullying and fighting, Louis you did finally put a stop to the bullying and you had to somehow. I understand this now. I did not know how dreadful it really was for you and how long it had been going on. You should have really explained this to me in more details then we could have gone to the Chief of Police, Mr. Thomas Pinkerman to put a stop to it. 
  I fully understand your situation now and you absolutely have to stop this conduct by others towards you, otherwise you might take this horrible bullying and the ghastly emotions that go with it to your grave. If the bullying does not stop immediately it will shape who you are now, and have an effect on you possibly for your whole life. You cannot let these criminals, and that is what they are, pry under your skin and change the good person you are and were meant to be in the future.
    Mr. Beamer climbed down out of his horse-cart as Charlie the Horse began to eat some wild grass found growing below his feet.
    "All you just said Mr. Beamer rings true. Next time we will all go to get help and not let that activity to continue. Sometimes we kids like to try to handle things by ourselves when we should not. It's just part of trying to grow up, and sometimes we grow up too fast. All kids do this, plus we sometimes don't want to bother our parents or teachers, they have so much to do already, and have so many worries with paying rent on their farms, and feeding and clothing us, and feeding the horses and other farm animals, you get the idea. But next time all of us will take your advice to heart, and end the harassment and bullying as soon as it starts by talking to the right person or persons or the police if we have to" said Chug as he shook Mr. Beamer's hand in a sign of thanks. 
  All the kids gathered around Mr. Beamer and promised to do all that Chug just said as Louis lowered his head down in shame. 
    "Mr. Beamer if I am going to start being a better person and do the right thing then I have to come clean, and should start right now."
    "What are you talking about Louis?"
    "Here Mr. Beamer...I pinched your two books" said Louis as he reached into his dirty wizard robe, into a lower deep pocket.
    "I just cannot live with myself anymore, knowing that these two books meant so much to you. You see I wanted to be a Fairy Circle Tender so bad and a Great Wizard bad. I just wanted to impress my friends and have fun. That's what us kids do best is have fun, and man do I know how to have fun." Everybody began to laugh aloud.
    "Boy you sure do Louis. You were the best Fairy Circle Tender and Great Wizard Centerville has ever had before," offered up Chug as he gave Louis a hard slap on the back, which knocked his wizard hat to the ground.
    "There are two puncture holes in this one book Louis, what happened?"
    "I don't know what happened to them Mr. Beamer, I cannot not really remember too much about last night, sorry for the damage, I will try to fix that." 
    "Don't worry about it Louis, now thank you Louis for being so honest and confessing up to the crime of the missing books. Knowing all that you have gone through in the last few weeks, and seeing that big black eye of yours, I will forgive you for this one, shall we say this prank. Just please ask me next time when you want to borrow something of mine."
    "I was not finished Mr. Beamer, I also pinched your quagga-tail switch." 
  Louis reached into another pocket and produced the wand.
    "Louis...Louie..." said Mr. Beamer in a disdainful tone as he placed the two books and the quagga-tail switch on the front seat of his cart.
  Everyone began to laugh again as Mr. Beamer turned back towards the fairy circle. He careful stepped over the mushrooms.  
   "Now I have a few other questions for you all then we have to get going back into town and get you back to your farmhouses and your waiting parents. First by looking at this fairy circle and the smashed Möjebro Runestone, I have to ask a few questions. How did Walpurgis Night and the Widdershins dance go? Did you see your fairies after all Louis? I see you found the Möjebro Runestone I placed in the middle. And I see your eyes have turned blue Louis so you must have eaten some of the mushrooms last night. That is a side-effect that some people have been known to have after ingesting them."
    "Well it's the new and honest me, so I have to tell the whole truth. Yes, I did eat some mushrooms, matter of fact we all did. You see Mr. Beamer Short Stack, Chug and I wanted to scare the girls, and some of the kids from school, always with the pranks you know, so we all dressed up like creatures or monsters see. Meet Short Stack aka Mickey O'Flattery the Leprechaun. And over there is Chug Martin aka the Sleagh Maith Hairy Fairy, and I was the Fairy Circle Tender slash Great Wizard. It was real fun for a while. Oh and if I am being honest, honestly I pinched your wizard robe as you can tell. I will wash it and get it back to you."
    "Louis...it's just you being you...again and again..."
    "I know Mr. Beamer it's just that you have the coolest stuff I have ever seen before up in that old attic of yours, I just cannot help myself. I've got some other things of yours as well in my bedroom, I will get those back to you as soon as we get back home. 
  Well anyway, it's hard to tell by looking at our clothes, I mean costumes they are so battered up, but you see I did not really think the fairy circle would work. I did read your magic book from cover to cover and followed all the spells in there to a tee last night but just in case it did not work, I wanted to put on a great show for everyone, so we three got all dressed up like real creatures that might appear out of a fairy circle. It worked great and all the kids from school ran off horrified. I hope they realized that it was all in good fun and that we were not real fairies or a real Leprechaun.
    "Then what happened Louis" asked the captivated Mr. Beamer. 
    "Let me continue, well as soon as they all ran off I had the bright idea of having the rest of us eat some mushrooms, after that everything got very fuzzy. Molly thought she saw a real Astral Fairy, and an evil one to boot, a real Sleagh Maith Hairy Fairy. Following that Frank Frankle showed up and the fight was on. I really do not remember much of anything afterwards, at least not yet. Do any of you people remember anything else? I did have a few wild dreams though."
    "Not me I don't remember a thing. Those mushrooms knocked me out, it's all black and foggy in my mind but I sure had some wild, bad dreams as well Louis," said Molly.
    "Mr. Beamer, Louis so did I. I had some really, bad dreams. It's as if Molly said we ate those mushrooms, afterwards the fight took place, then I went dead to the world, and all I remember really was waking up in the middle of the fairy circle this morning. But I did dream last night that I turned into a toad and there was this big, ugly Toad King, I think that is what he called himself, it was...it...oh...er...oh yeah, his name was Túngarar Spadefoot" said Short Stack as he looked for a reaction from the others.
  Mr. Beamer was alarmed to no end but did not lead on about it. He remained calm, cool and collected as he kicked at the loose pieces of the shattered ruin stone. He then looked at the kids clothes they were all so dirty and well worn. It looked like they had been through a battlefield. Mr. Beamer was desperately trying to put together the loose pieces of their awful night spent in the fairy circle.  
    "I am right with the others, all I remember after eating those horrible things was the fight, then all went black, but it's very odd and very strange don't you think that I had similar dreams? I remember a Toad King with the same name, and there was this creature named Noctuid the Black Witch. I with Molly was all tied up in the witches hut, and about to be cooked in a witches brew when in popped Louis, he fought with the witch and ran her off Louis rescued us. And there was a toad army and a beaver army. It was just the wildest dream. I am telling you it got worse than that. I don't think I even want to talk about it. Mr. Beamer how could we all have similar dreams and remember the same names?" asked Tessie Whitman as she started to get a little scared.
    "Tessie I remember that witch as well and her name, it was Noctuid the Black Witch. We were in a witch-hut and in came Louis to the rescue just like you said, and then there were other things like a water-serpent and a beautiful castle, a fairy riding on the back of a hummingbird, and I remember the Toad King and his name...Túngarar Spadefoot. How can this all be? Group dreams maybe. Is that in that book of yours by Dr. Northumberland?"
  Louis grew a little worried as he spoke out about his own memories of the night spent in the fairy circle, "Mr. Beamer I had the same dreams as all of them but I remember some other things as well that they have not mentioned yet. There was the toad army, but I remember an Astral Fairy that hitched a ride on the ragwort of a hummingbird's back, he was a good fairy and went by the name of Atamo. He was the king of all the fairies of the land called Gwynedd. He would always bite me on the neck in a sign of friendship. All good fairies bite if they like you."
  Mr. Beamer walked around the backside of Louis as Louis continued to speak out excitedly about his past dream. Again, he did not say anything, but he did notice a few very small welts or bite marks on the rear of Louis's neck.
    "Continue on Louis..." 
    "OK Mr. Beamer I will carry on. There was this big fat bug-eyed toad Túngarar Spadefoot, a water serpent, fairies, a unicorn and the black witch, but I remember something else Frank Frankle was there as well. At least I thought it was he. I told everyone about it and no one believed me. Well anyway, he sent me on a quest to kill this White Queen named Queen Elphen she was the Queen of the Dead, a land draug. She lived in this large black tower called Hagby Tower. 
  I was so afraid of Frank Fatbottom Junior, or Túngarar Spadefoot, or whatever his name was that I went to the black tower made of ice in this icy dead city. I tried to reason with her but she wanted to eat me, well what happened next scares me out of my wits. 
  Mr. Beamer I burned down the ice tower. I smelled methane gas, and as I remembered from last year, where I almost burned down the schoolhouse that methane gas can form in ice crystals. I had some firecracker power that I stole from your attic, again sorry about that Mr. Beamer. I am a worst thief than Digger the Blue Rabbit who steals your vegetables out of your garden. He was there as well. What a dream. 
  Now the tower burned down and the Ice Queen was driven off, then reborn into the new queen of Gwynedd and Northumberland that is what the places were called that I went to where the tower was. And when I awoke this morning, I was right here in this fairy circle along with the others. What do you think of that Mr. Beamer?" 
  Kicking about inside of the fairy circle and listening to all of the fantastic dreams the children so visually remember Mr. Beamer noted a few oddities on the ground about him. Looking downwards to his left he saw what appeared to be oversized webbed foot prints that a fatted and very large toad or frog might make, and there were signs of a struggle inside of those footsteps. And in another area of the fairy circle, he noted what looked like enormous beaver tracts that lead off towards the watering hole nearby. Not wanting to scare the children the ever wise and duly educated Mr. Beamer tried to close the conversation without alarming any of the frightened children.
    "It sounds to me like you all have the most vivid of imaginations, which all children your age are known to have. And I think hanging around Louis and listening to his wild tall tales and stories for so many years, that he is finally wearing off on all of you. In a good way of course, daydreaming is so much fun. It expands the mind, and nourishes the heart and soul. Therefore, there is nothing wrong with any of you. 
  I believe what happened to you all last night is just as Molly said earlier, it was group dreaming in a strange...in a not so studied...form. You all took those mushrooms together and it expanded your minds but also made you very sick, confused and dazed. I believe you all must have stayed awake while waiting for the effects of the mushrooms to wear off. 
  I also suppose that you...how do I put this...must have told ghost stories or stories like that together, and somehow you all built on the same story that you all remember now. So therefore, you believed it really happened. You all had a shared experience that you judged to be true because of the deemed to be magic mushrooms. And your blue eyes Louis again they should turn back to brown as before but maybe they won't, some studies made of eating those types of mushrooms have noted, the same incident and their eyes stayed blue. 
    "Mr. Beamer I believe all you said just now as the perfect truth. There is no way that we could have actually traveled into another land and time with Frank Fatbottom Junior, met all of those creatures, and experienced all that we just told you. I accept this as a truth, and have faith in your explanation. But I do have one question for you before we all get on that wagon and head for home and our waiting punishments."
    "What is your question Louis?" asked the wise old man.
    "What is that smoke on the horizon over there. Is there a fire out of town? What happened?"
    "Louis yes there has been a big fire. Last night the Hagby Foster Home for Kids burned to the ground. All of the children got out safely but nobody can find Auntie Elphie. They are searching the ashes from the fire they are looking for any possible bones. One or two of her white steeds, the largest of her white horses were missing so they really trust that she rode off. Remember she was a chemist, some also say she was a black witch. Many think an experiment must have gone wrong and it started the fire. No one is blaming the foster children or anyone else."
  Turning to look at his good friends Louis's mouth dropped to his chest as the air inside of him just escaped. The others just stood with odd blank looks on their faces.
    "And what of Frank Frankle, was he home at the time?" asked a very concerned and bothered Molly.
    "No one knows about him yet, or if he was there or not. Frank was last seen this morning in town and looked very content and happy besides having a black eye. Growlin Harry even said he was whistling a happy tune, talked about losing some weight, walked with real pep in his step, and that he even looked like a new person. He thought it strange," said Mr. Beamer as he looked off in the near distance at the rising smoke along with the other kids.
  None of the children said another word until they was all safely sitting in the wagon. All reflected on all they had just been through, be it good or bad. As the wagon took off down the earthen pathway with Charlie the Horse pulling out front, Louis looked off towards the water hole to the far side. A strange sight caught his eye. He poked Chug in the ribs and nodded over in the direction where the surface water stirred.
    "Chug that is the biggest, ugliest beaver I have ever seen before. Just look at the size of those choppers, they are so big that they even look like fangs."
    "Yeah, wow look at that. It kind of looks like that big beaver that I dreamed about last night," said Chug as he put his two forefingers on the sides of his mouth to copy the look of the beaver, all to Louis's enjoyment.
    "Yep I had that same dream last night about a beaver that looked just like that imagine that," said Louis as all turned to look up the road towards home.
  As the cart full of children slowly ambled down the earthen pathway away from the fairy circle Louis was alarmed once more, every mile or so there was a child walking by, by himself. This seemed so odd to Louis and finally to Mr. Beamer and the others. It was so early in the morning, why would there be so many kids walking alone out by themselves. Mr. Beamer at last pulled his cart to the side of the road and stopped, he asked one of the apparently lost souls to chat for a moment.
    "Excuse me son, my name it Thomas Beamer, what is your name and how old are you?"
    "Nice to meet you Mr. Beamer my name is Kenny Parker and I am twelve years old," said the small boy who appeared to be in a mild trance-like-state, and to not really be all there. 
  Louis again poked Chug in the side and whispered in his ear, "That's Curveball Kenny, he pitched for the Centerville Giants one year, he was on our team do you remember? He's been missing for a few years everybody thought he just got up one day and ran away from home."
    "I recognized him immediately Louis. I wonder where he's been and what's happened to him he's covered in soot and dirt. It does not look good. You don't think this has anything to do with last night; our "group dreams" and the fairy circle do you...no...no...not an undertoad?" asked a confused Chug.  
    "I hate to think that Chug...but...but...you could be right. This might have something to do with us. This sure makes for an odd situation. We've seen about ten kids already this morning walking back into town, all in a daze and all dirty. I am just not sure Chug. It's just so strange," said Louis.
    "Kenny do you know where you are and why you are walking down this road" asked Mr. Beamer with a puzzled eye.
    "Mr. Beamer, things are a little fuzzy but let me explain what has happened. Years ago when things got real tough in town here, my parents went broke and almost sold the farm, they did not have enough money to raise me anymore, plus I guess I was a handful for them to handle and raise. I was a real troublemaker, kind of, as if Louis sitting up there has been known to be. Oh hi Louis, and hi Chug."
    "Hi Kenny..." said Chug.
    "Oh hey Kenny..." said Louis.
    "Nevertheless, your question, yeah where was I? Oh yeah I was a bit of a rabble-rouser so my parents sent me over to live at the Hagby House for Foster Kids at the outskirt of town. They did not want anybody to know where I went, and that they were so poor, so they told me not to tell anybody. I guess everyone thought I ran away. I think that is what my parents told the police. 
  Well I was living in an anti-chamber up in the top of that house for years, I never went out of the house it was not allowed, it was just terrible. 
  Auntie Elphie did not like me or any of the kids she was always cursing at me and hitting me and the other kids for no reason. But you know who got it the worst of all was Frank Fatbottom she especially hated him. She was always hitting Frank with this big black frying pan, and she was just so abusive to him, always insulting him and calling him horrible names when he lived there. If the truth were told I think she was just lost it one day, she went all-daffy. I think she went clinically nuts. 
  At any rate, that Auntie Elphie was a real terror, a real bully so to speak. Now in her free time she was always in her laboratory cooking up something smelly, and dare I say evil. I guess they were scientific experiments of some kind. I'm not sure about that either. Some kids said she was just a scientist others, and most of the kids who lived there thought she was a real witch."
    "Did you think she was a real witch Kenny?" asked Mr. Beamer. 
    "I'm not sure if she was or not, Mr. Beamer. I tried to stay as far away from her as I could. I dared not to go into her laboratory. I always thought she might cook me."
  Louis gulped once.
  Chug's throat went dry he could not.
    "Where you at that Foster Home last night?" 
    "Yes I was Mr. Beamer."
    "Can you tell us what happened?" asked Louis.
    "Where do I start at the beginning I guess? I was sleeping up in my room and man for some reason it was the coldest night that I had ever had spent there. I think someone turned off the furnace; it was colder than your icehouse in there last night Mr. Beamer. It was as I was sleeping in an ice rink. 
  Anyway, real late last night about four in the morning, someone knocked loudly on the large wooden door. Our caretaker Hobart answered the door. He was a funny little man. He had this big long beard, was short, stout and had these horrible looking crooked teeth. We all called him Hob, because he rather looked like a Hobgoblin or something like that. 
  Well Hob let the intruder inside the home and the next thing I heard were loud voices coming from the laboratory that is when most of the kids who were sleeping started to wake up. In any case, next there was a big argument with the visitor and Auntie Elphie that lasted about a half an hour or so, well to cut a long story short there was this big explosion afterwards, it woke the rest of the kids up who were not awake already from the argument. 
  There were giant flames everywhere, they immediately spread towards the upper floors, everybody just panicked, it was pure pandemonium inside that home last night, and very dangerous. We all thought we were going to die. 
  Next thing you know Frank Fatbottom showed up out of nowhere, he was very excited and I noticed he had this large black eye. It was all swollen as if he just got it, as if he was just in a fight or something. His clothes were all muddy and rumpled. 
  The strangest thing happened next."
    "Don't tell me, Frank...he...he...?" asked a discomforted Louis.
    "No Louis you got it wrong, if I think what you are thinking, Frank did not run off. He did the opposite. Actually, he alone, one by one and sometimes-in groups, led each kid out of the burning house to safety. He just kept running back in there repeatedly, Louis he saved every single kid. There must have been thirty or forty kids he saved. It was just incredible; I have never seen anything like it. I am telling you the guy is a "real hero". I know everybody hates him because he is the biggest bully anyone around here has ever known, but last night something just clicked in him, and I guess he wanted to just be a better person for some reason. You know a good citizen for a change. Hey maybe it had something to do with that new large, puffy black eye of his. I don't know. Also who ever came to Hagby House that night and knocked on the door, he is the one who started all this, and eventually started the ball rolling in getting those kids free, he is a "real hero" as well. Without his courage to knock on that door in the first place, maybe no one would have ever found out about that terrible place, just a thought." 
  Louis turned to look at Chug in disbelief as Chug stared right back at Louis mirroring his astonishment at the whole fantastical story.
    "What happened to Auntie Elphie and Hobart?" asked the amazed Chug.
    "Chug she did not care enough to help one kid to safety, nor did Hob and they ran the place. Can you imagine that? What kind of ghastly people do that? Last thing I saw of them both, they were all covered in soot and coughing up a black storm. They rode off on these two white horses and nobody has heard a word of their whereabouts. I heard the police are looking for them. When the police and the fire department showed up the kids started to tell them stories of their abuse and neglect, so this got the police real mad so there you go, they want to arrest her and him for child abuse."  
    "What happened to Frank Frankle Kenny?"
    "All the kids told the police and the fire department how they were all saved by Frank, but he did not want to talk to anybody just yet, it appeared. It was as if he just knew that he did something very good. There was no pride, or showing off about the great deeds he had just done. Once he knew everybody was safe, he just walked off toward town and it seemed like he was in a hurry. It was as he had an appointment with someone and did not want to be late. That I thought strange as well. 
  Well that's all I know about what happened last night. As for now, I have been just trying to get back home. I miss my parents. I hope they still love me and want me back."
  Louis climbed down out of the wagon he slowly approached Kenny. Louis kindly spoke out, "I am glad you are safe and sound. 
  Welcome home Kenny. 
  It all sounds so awful what you have been through in the last few years, and when I say welcome home that goes out from all of us, not just from us here but from everybody in town. You were missed Kenny. I am sure your parents miss you as all parents do when their child is gone for a while. Your house is right over the hill there, and I am sure they are waiting for you as we speak."
  Chug climbed down out of the wagon as well as the other children did, everyone gave Kenny a big hug before Kenny continued down the road.     
    "Thanks for the hugs everybody and I'll see you back in school, I can't wait to get started on my new life. Louis I noticed you have a new black eye as well. Do you have something to do with all of this? Did you and Frank get in a fight last night?"
    "It's a long...long...long story Kenny. One day we will sit down during recess at school and I will tell you all about it. As for now you better get going home."
     "This all seems like such a long, long bad dream. I think I might have temporary amnesia or something, the past years have all been so foggy, but it sure will be nice to get home and I do know that my home is right over that hill right there, where that big yellow farmhouse is" said the relieved little boy.    
    "Kenny you seem like you know where your home is, you look in good enough health so I guess everything will be OK. I know that big yellow farmhouse. I think I know your mom and dad even, I will check in with your parents later today. Go home now it is all over. Go home, kiss your parents hello, and give them a big hug. Everyone climb back in and let's get going," added the perplexed Mr. Beamer as he waited for the wagon to fill. He then pulled back on the reins, signaling for Charlie to start up again. He looked over at Louis and Chug to see their reaction to the odd occurrence.  
    "I use to know him Mr. Beamer. Everyone thought he ran away from home years ago. It's just the strangest twist of fate. I guess all of the kids we are seeing walking around out here today are those kids from Hagby House. They are all heading home to their own homes and parents, they have been freed from their tormentor, from that unbearable Auntie Elphie, she's such a witch" said the bewildered Louis.
  Each looked ahead down the road. No one said another word about it. Now heading back towards their farmhouses and the loving arms of their worried parents Mr. Beamer asked Louis 1 last question.
    "Louis I still want you to go apologize to Frank Frankle for busting his eye all up. He should still be by the Five and Dime. I bet you he will be down there all day just waiting for you to show up. Will you do that for me? It would make me very happy, and I am sure he would like that. You never know that "King of all Bullies" might just make a good friend for you. Just think if anyone ever tried to pick on you again, he would sure be able to protect you, and scare him or her away. Think about how great that would be and of course you now have Charlie the Horse so between the two of them you should have no worries about bullies for the rest of your childhood."
    "That is great idea Mr. Beamer, and when you asked me that before I sure did think on it while we were here talking this morning. And I am going to do just that as soon as you drop everybody off at their farmhouses this morning. Do you mind if I borrow Charlie the Horse and your cart to go find Frank later?"
    "No I don't mind at all. Well this is going to be a fine day isn't it kids. Yep...a day of days for sure" said Mr. Beamer as he began to whistle and sing a festive song.
  After a few moments and verses' of the song went by Mr. Beamer spoke up again, "Christmas is on the way soon, and that's my favorite time of year. Maybe Charlie the Horse will pitch in this year and he can take us on a sleigh ride or even a hayride. Yep...it sure is a great day to be in Centerville, just look at those blue skies overhead and feel the warmth of the Indiana sun on your shoulders. It sure does warm the heart do not it kids.
    "It sure does Mr. Beamer."
    "It's great day to be in Centerville."
  As Mr. Beamer continued to sing, again all of the kids joined in and sang right along with him this time. It would be the first of many trips for the kids and Mr. Beamer to take in Charlie's wagon. After dropping off each child to their homes and the waiting arms of their parents this fine morning, Mr. Beamer finally arrived at his own farmhouse next door to that of Hattie May's and Louis's. 
    "Remember Frank should be at the Five and Dime Louis. Here is fifty cents, buy him a frosty ice-cream on me will ya"?"
    "Sure will Mr. Beamer. You are a great friend, you always have been. Thanks for bringing in a new family member, Charlie and me are going to get along just great. He may look a little clumsy, just look how big his feet are, he does have this sway back, and he seems a little old and tired but heck look at me. I got big red freckles, and bright red hair, I daydream and get in trouble all the time but I sure do have a great left hook. "The Haymaker Kid" or maybe I will call myself, "King Red", what great new nicknames I invented for myself."
    "Louis don't ever stop being you...what would the world do without you...?"
    "Be unhappy, safe and bored...?"  
    "Just that Louis and more..."
  As his front door closed behind him, Mr. Beamer was lost from sight. Louis with leather reins in hand headed out in the wagon with Charlie in the lead, out through the front white wooden gates of Mr. Beamer's farmhouse and as Louis passed through Mr. Beamer's front gates he looked over at Mr. Beamer's vegetable garden. There he noted that the ground had been broken and recently turned over, a new rabbit hole thought Louis. He wondered if the Digger the Rabbit, the renowned thief and burglar was back as work. Then he watched as Muncy shot through the garden hot on Digger's trail. Off they scampered towards the other end of the garden and out into the cornfield found nearby. Louis laughed aloud as he headed pass the front gates and down the road towards town, to look for Frank. 
    "You just can't keep a good thief down Charlie. I am glad to see him back at work. Charlie did you know that he just had a new liter of rabbits, five boys mind you. He is a very busy rabbit. Just thinking now, you know Charlie we are going to get along just great. I have never had a horse as a friend before, and I always wanted one so bad. And you will learn to like me I am not too bad. I do get into a lot of trouble though."
  Charlie whined loudly as Louis spoke into his ear again.
   "Look Mr. Beamer left his quagga-tail switch and his two books here in the cart on accident I bet. Alternatively, I wonder if he did that on purpose. No, it cannot be Charlie...no way. Anyway, you know what would be great, if you were a real talking horse. You know I am a real Great Wizard and World Famous Fairy Circle Tender. I made a few lightning bolts and thunder come out from this end here more than once. And I did grow a great fairy circle out by the rock quarry. And best of all I did read chapter number six of Mr. Beamer's book of magic. The chapter headline was, Can animals talk/ spells/ incantations/ and magic to make your animals talk. Well here goes nothing.

Quagga-tail, quagga-tail, quagga-tail switch
The Great Wizard he is calling
calling on you for one last trick
calling on you to grant it quick

My new friend he's too quiet
and I want him to be louder than a riot

No words can he speak 
at least not yet 
but my great magic is not weak

Quagga-tail, quagga-tail, quagga-tail switch
make Charlie speak 
I call on you to grant my wish quick

  Holding the quagga-tail switch high over his head in his left hand, Louis snapped it forwards and downwards quickly in a theatrical motion, and as he finished his spell, two white lightning bolts and two loud thunderclaps exploded upwards into the clear heavens above, thusly rattling the nerves and glass windows of all of the residents of Centerville.
  Mr. Beamer upon hearing the grand explosions walked out to his front porch and looked upwards to see the cloudless, blue skies of Centerville once more then quipped, "Louis must have found the quagga-tail switch I left for him on the front seat of the cart. It's just Louis being Louis again," said Mr. Beamer over and over, as he retreated up into his and Louis's favorite place in the whole wide world, Mr. Beamer's attic.
    "Did my spell work? Do you have anything good to say about anybody yet Charlie the Horse?"
  Only silence.
    "How did you like those two thunderbolts, pretty loud... ugh? Were you scared?"
  Only more silence.
    "I am a Great Wizard. I am after all Louis the Red you know. I am a Great Fairy Circle Tender Charlie. Do you believe me?" asked Louis as he began to get a little bothered that his great magic had not worked yet.
  Only silence.
    "What's wrong with this switch? Maybe it's broken..."
  Placing the switch back down on the front seat Louis became lost in thought and speech. "You know maybe everyone is right, maybe I am not a very good wizard or a great fairy circle tender, and maybe none of that weird stuff did happen last night in Northumberland, but I sure gave that Frank Fatbottom a big black-eye that he won't soon be forgetting. I hope when I see him in a few minutes he doesn't want to blacken my other eye. I would hate to have to send him another haymaker."
  Louis chuckled under his breath at how clever he was.
  Charlie the Horse turned to look at Louis with what appeared to Louis to be a quizzical look in his eye, as if somehow Charlie understood what Louis had just said.
    "At least I know you believe in my great magic even though you can't speak yet. I will have to work on that spell again. Maybe I said it wrong...no it's...it's...the quagga-tail switch it has to be broken...yeah that's it...its just broken..."
  Looking up ahead again and down the road Louis went back into a happy state of mind as he thought about all the good and wonderful days that lay ahead for him, with no real immediate bullies in it. He knew from this day on that he could overcome anything, any situation, or anyone that would ever try to slow him down, get in his way, or make fun of him. He now knew that he possessed the raw courage and brave heart of a lion in the wild. 
  He would be able to overcome. 
  The thought of it all gave Louis the grandest and wide-ranging of smiles on his face that he has ever worn. Just then he felt the stinging of a bite on the backside of his neck, and afterwards he heard the sure fire sound of a hummingbird in flight behind him.
    "What the heck was that?"
    "Oh hi Atamo, nice to see you again" quipped the clever and wry Charlie the Horse.
  The bully-free Great Wizard and Fairy Circle Tender from Centerville, Indiana smiled broadly. 
   
 
~The End~






~Preview~ 
The Trilogy of Charlie the Great White Horse

  In the first book of the series called: “Charlie the Great White Horse and the Story of the Magic Jingle Bells”. A constant daydreaming, red-haired, ten year old boy Louis Parks, and his friends who live in Centerville, in the heart of Indiana in the early 1900's, became town heroes by saving Christmas one year with the help of a very special horse named-“Charlie the Barnyard Horse”. Everyone in town thought that Ole’ Charlie was just an old working carthorse who delivers the ice for the town-folks in the wintertime, but that ended up being the very farthest thing from the real truth. 
  Well it turned out that “Charlie the Horse” was no ordinary horse after all. In fact, he is one of the last of his kind of horses that once roamed the face of the earth who are called “Arions” or “Semi-Immortal Horses” who were bred, and taken care of by the “Ancients” who have come to live out their last days on earth, in Centerville. 
  Santa Claus was in need of a replacement for Rudolf the Red Nosed reindeer who is soon to retire. With the help of: Santa Claus, Mr. Beamer, Louis, and his boyhood friends, and mostly with the help of string of magic jingle bells, “Charlie the Great White Horse” was magically reborn on Christmas Eve, saving the future of Christmas, for all the children of the world.
*
  In the second book called: “Charlie the Great White Horse and the Journey to the North Pole”, little Louis and his friends again had a calling (that was destiny) to save Christmas once again. Louis with his friends Hot Tamale Molly, and Chug Martin, (with the help of Mr. Beamer), planned a long and very dangerous trip to the North Pole to stop the evil Squint-Eye Pete, and Black Jack Tilly from forever taking over and running Santa's Village. By luck Black Jack and Squint-Eye, had created evil presents for all the children of the world to play with, and cornered the toy market in the process. Each toy, the children played with, had the power to steal: the creativity, joy, and minds of its users. Louis saved Christmas, through his never-ending courage, and willpower but mostly, it was because of his unbreakable love for his best friend, “Charlie the Horse”.

*
  In the third book called: “Charlie the Great White Horse and the Journey to Egypt”, fate again has called on Louis to answer his destiny. With the help of his newfound friends from the first two books, and a few new strange, and unforgettable characters from this newest adventure, Louis must once again thwart a new evil. An evil is all-encompassing and threatens to take over, all the good in the world.
  As this story unfolds, it turns out that Mr. Beamer is indeed an “Ancient”, not just an old farmer as he has been pretending to be, all these years. He is one of a great breeder of Arion horses, and a truly wizened old wizard, who has lived on the earth since recorded time itself. He is the overseer and caretaker, of the last of the great “Arion” race of horses, who are now calling Centerville home.
  With the help of Charlie the Great White Horse, his son Junior, Louis, and his loyal friends, all must now face an ever-growing and purer “true evil”, in a final and great battle for the minds, future, and good of all the children in the world.
  Now it is known that two special and magical books still exist in the world, from the “Ancient Times”. One book has been stolen, and has now fallen into the hands of evil, and one book lies in the hands of good, belonging to Mr. Beamer. 
  With the help of Mr. Beamer, Charlie and their friends they must decipher the secret writings found inside their copy of the sacred good book called: “The Book of Honorius” before the evil Squint-Eye Pete, his mom Big Sal Rossi, and the “Missouri Rats” decipher their copy of the evil book called: “The Book of Aka Manah”.
  Little Louis must once again take an epic journey filled with hope and courage, to the far ends of the earth, to answer his true calling in life. The journey will be filled with inconceivable dangers, vile animals, strange otherworldly beasts, and evil men. Their journey will encompass the crossing over of far-away lands, wild vast deserts, exploring strange and magnificent cities, meeting great Shamans, Wizards, and Spiritualists; but most of all it will be the new unfolding story of Louis, and his final destiny. Because Louis will now be called on by a “Higher-Power” to unleash his inner mind and inner-courage, to thwart evil, as it never has been thwarted before, in the valley of the birth of humankind: “The Valley of the Kings”, in ancient Egypt.  
  It’s, just another day in the life of Louis Robert Parks. 
  We hope you enjoy reading these true fables, and coming of age stories: filled with tried and true family values, and morals for children (parents and adults) of all ages.














Authors note: 

I want to thank the writers that have added contents on the Wikipedia website. I did use some quotes, songs and versus directly or indirectly inside of the writings/ pages of this novel. Their knowledge of their given expertise was helpful. I used this website to research many names and places past or present; any similarities between living or dead people is purely a consequence. All persons or places described inside of these pages are fictional. 
