The Legend of Terror
Original Version 
Copyright Beth Hoyer 2013
Published at Smashwords
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this eBook with another person, please buy an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Prologue
Terror felt horror seeing his son, Justen came to the place of darkness as if drawn. The darkness's song Terror heard was calling to him. 
Voices speaking voices of the darkness speaking he heard "I am the machine. I am one with the machine."
Voices were repeating. Figures Terror saw took Justen to a room and laid him down. A sound of a drill whirling was heard as they prepared Justen for the machine. The call of the machine Terror heard sounding within him, took Justen to a cavern. The cavern was huge and vast in the center was the machine making Terror grimace seeing. 
A voice spoke he heard "I knew you would come." 
They welcomed Justen he saw with their hands open receiving him. They put him into the machine. The machine shrieked Terror grimacing hearing its noises. It sounded like it was being born. Its power was alive to Terror's fear with his offspring as its heart. 

Chapter One
Terror looked away from the celebrations of the machine's birth among the planet's natives. He felt disgust taking hold as he felt his mind scanned by the Commandant nearby him. Terror quickly shut down the mind scanning by thinking of the machine's talk. 
He heard a chuckle sound from the Commandant who he ignored quit the mind scanning to his relief. Terror sat silently on the blanket with eyes closed he willing his mind to see what the Commandant ordered him to see. He found silence from the Commandant to frown opening his eyes to eye the male warily. 
Terror frowned staring at the Commandant who spoke "Tell me a story. Anything. Just to get the noise of that thing out of my mind now."
He obeyed hearing the Commandant's order to speak his story mostly on what he saw on the planetary world.

Gallee Zianan, in a tan and black hooded robe with long black hair and blue eyes left the Abbey, the sun was setting in the sky. Soon it would be night time as Gallee looked up in the sky putting his hair behind his round ears indicating of a Human species with markings of a Kang on his cheek. The sky was turning from the usual shade of blue and was turning to shades of pink, orange and purple. As the sky darkened to purple, a white shining dot shined. 
Gallee spoke out loud "What is that in the sky? Could it be a ship of the ancients?" 
He stared at the dot and frowned. 
Gallee was told that there were three stars in the sky that did not move were called “Three Sisters” 
In his hand was a long medal tube the size of his arm. It was round and circular. 
In his classes’ one of the monks, his mentor, Leo told him "The object is called a telescope. It was used to make far away objects, closer than they appear. In ordered to do that one had to look at one end, which was the smaller end and point the larger end at a desire place." 
The abbey was in a small valley at the bottom of a small hill. The hill was covered with trees. The hill's peak was bare. 
The monks jokingly called the hill "The Sleeping Giant". 
Gallee wove in an out of the trees while reaching the bald spot on the hill. The sky had darkened. The stars were slowly coming out. Gallee aimed the telescope at the shining dot in the sky. He looked in the smaller end. 
His mentor Leo told him "The telescope can be adjusted for one's sight." 
He peered at the shining dot as the dot formed a shape. Gallee tried to adjust the telescope to see the shape better, but no available. 
Leo he recalled told him "The telescope we made is terrible. A more powerful one was indicated it could be built with the help of the ancients' holy books, but the materials were nowhere to be found. It would take many years to find the materials to make one powerful as the ancients said in their instructions." 
Gallee set the telescope down on the ground and sat down. He pulled out of his pocket some papers and writing quill pen. Looking through the telescope he drew the shape of the shining dot. 
Then he said, "I saw and name you The Knight."
Then he stood and turned to go when he looked at the sky on his left. In sky was among the stars was another shining dot. The dot shined similar to the first one. Gallee looked through at the shining dot. He gasped. The shining dot had a similar shape to The Knight. 
He spoke again "The Battle Axe".
Then turning to his right, his assumption was correct. In the sky shined another similar dot to both the Knight and the Battle Axe. He looked again and was seen the shapes of the Knight and the Battle Axe was the same. 
Gallee spoke "The Titan".
Then he heard the sound of a bell ringing. He paused from looking as he listened. 
At his first year at the Abbey, his teachers taught him and ancient code language called "Morse".
The bell ranged in the Morse code. He listened; they were looking for him. Gallee gathered his papers, pen and the telescope. He darted down the hill path. Glow lamps illuminated the dirt path. He jogged down. 
As he neared the Abbey, he heard a voice calling for him “Gallee, Where are you? Gallee!”
He yelled out "I’m coming!" 
The voice he heard was of Leo his mentor who bellowed sounding angry "Gallee! The curfew was to be in the compound by sunset!" 
At the bottom of the hill was the compound. A high wooden fence surrounded the compound area. Inside were the nine circular buildings of the compound. Eight circular buildings were set in a circle circling a large circular building. The large circular building was the Abbey. Gallee ran into the compound. The wooden gates closed with a slam behind him. In the light of the large circular building was his mentor Leo with thinning red hair on his head and he had green eyes. A scowl was on his face as Leo appeared to frown scratching the scar mark of a Kang on the left side of his cheek.
Leo spoke "Gallee! How many times must I keep reminding you about the curfew? It’s not safe for you to be out there at night! We were warned about this."
Gallee spoke "My apologies honored one; I was using the telescope to look at the Three Sisters in the sky. I have drawings of the three on paper." 
He fumbled through his pockets and produced the paper, which he handed it to Leo. 
Leo stared at the paper with a weird look on his face seen.
Leo gasped "The ancients! It's true! The war is true!" 
Gallee spoke up "Honored One, The-" 
Leo interrupted "By the One! It’s the light! The stories of the ships that fought the ancient darkness are true! I have searched for proof so long!”
Leo, Gallee saw turned and walked inside the Abbey. Gallee followed behind at his heels with a confused look on his face. 
Gallee heard the story of dark ancient ships came from the place called space
"The dark ships came from the sky. A century after Humans, our species, came to the planet from ships in space. The dark ships came attempting to conquer and make us slaves. At that time, the humans were still fighting among each other. Some of the space technology the humans had was destroyed or hidden in the ancient chasm in the one hundred years they were living on the planet as a result of their wars then came the war with the dark ships. Three races of Human origin appeared called the Gate Destroyers with both scar markings of the Elrics and Kangs, as for the Elrics with three scars marking on one arm and the Kangs with scar marking on their facial cheek on one side of the face. Along with another race referred as Soulers which no one knew where they came from and who created them. Many assumed that the darkness that they called Spiders were responsible. The Spiders were impossible to defeat, impossible to fight. The humans fought against the Spiders in many ways, in many battles, but were defeated." 
Gallee heard the story of the human legend "There was One who united all Humans, the Kangs and Elrics, and with the help of the Gate Destroyers and the Soulers, the Spiders were driven out. As they were being driven out, they left several of their technology littering the planet. In space alien ships came and drove the Spiders out from orbiting the planet. Three of the alien ships that drove the Spiders were orbiting the planet in case the Spiders dared to come back to attempt another conquer. The alien race that drove the Spiders away had landed on the planet and were said to be walking among the natives. It was precautions in case the Spiders decide to come back and try another conquer. The three alien ships had been orbiting the humans’ planet for a long time. The identity of which the aliens were that drove the Spiders was unknown. It may take time for space technology to be invented. The historians called the aliens Watchers. After the war the Humans that were united fell apart and went their separate ways. The Gate Destroyers seemed to have mysteriously disappeared, but the Soulers were seen around several times bringing death and terror. Many chose not to pass on the stories from the war. But several Abbeys like the one you Gallee is in chose to preserve the knowledge. It was perilous time, a time of dread. Surviving records of the war was slowly being wiped out mysteriously with no warning of it."
Gallee shook his head of the memory and followed Leo into the abbey compound. He had to run to catch up with Leo’s walking. 
“Honored One!” he bellowed, “Where are you going?” 
Leo called over his shoulder “The Elders should see this.”
Leo he saw entered the largest Abbey building with he jogging behind. Gallee had to jog to catch up with Leo’s fast walking pace. Gallee followed Leo through several hallways. Leo entered a doorway, followed by Gallee. The room was circular. Gallee saw Leo walk to a round table where the elders all with marking scars on one of their facial cheek of Kangs, Human species sat. Leo plunked down Gallee’s drawing on the table. 
Leo spoke his voice booming “The legends are true. Gallee’s drawing of the Three Sisters from looking through the telescope proves this.” 
One of the elders stood from his seat. 
Moran the first Elder spoke “Tanik! Dinen! Close the doors!” 
The doors were pushed shut and were closed with a bang. 
Moran then added “Leo the ninth Elder and Acolyte Gallee, What you're about to see and hear cannot leave the room. We are all sworn to secrecy. Understand?” 
Gallee who stood besides Leo nodded as his mentor spoke “We Understand”. 
Moran, Gallee saw pulled his bag from his robes. Moran opened it and pulled out a thin small gray tube that looked like it was very old. Gallee watched in fascination as Moran put the object on the table. Colorful lights appeared on the small tube, with a whir like sound. Leo and Gallee gasped as they jumped backward a bit. They saw triangle like cloud come from the tube showing a scene of space. 
Moran spoke “This object I dub Cloud Viewer is one of the remaining visual records of the war a century ago. This record shows what the Three Sisters actually look like.” 
On the cloud Gallee and Leo saw it three shapes that suddenly became clear. 
Leo gasped “It’s true the Three Sisters are ships not stars! My family disowned me for this! They thought I was wrong to think the Three Sisters were ships, not stars as they believed!” 
Gallee suddenly pulled out a book from a hidden pocket in his robes. He opened the book and went through the pages. When he reached the desired page, he turned it around and showed to the elders and Leo. It was a picture of one of the Three Sisters' ships. 
One of them Dinen the third Elder acclaimed, “A written record of the war! I thought they were wiped out! Gallee how?!” 
Gallee spoke “Moran, like you said, what your about to see and hear cannot leave the room.” 
He paused as he looked at each nine elders and Leo who nodded. 
He continued “The contents of the book were passed on for generations beginning with my ancestor of the ship Agamemnon.” 
There were gasps.
Moran spoke “We have stories of how we came to this planet. The Agamemnon's name is in the stories.”
Gallee spoke “My family line has a tradition, each son or daughter must copy the book and pass the copy on to their children, also when they die the book they were given is buried with them. This book is my Father’s copy of his book. This book tells how we came here and does have records of the war too much time ago.” 
Leo acclaimed “Records! We must copy that book in many copies as we can, before something gets that book destroyed!”
Gallee pulled up his robes and several books tumbled out onto the floor which he lowered his robes. 
He spoke “I have already made three books. I’m on my fourth. An ancestor or a family friend named Ridgen an original Human who wrote that he helped the One wrote the records of the war. And he has drawn a picture.” 
Gallee turned several pages before he held it up. The elders gasped as they saw the picture. The picture was of a human man. 
“Ridgen” Gallee continued “Called the one Justen Zianan, which it’s unclear why on the choice of name. Ridgen wrote that Justen Zianan reached the age of choice and had fathered children-” 
He was interrupted with shocks of gasps. 
Tanik the fourth Elder exclaimed “Children! Anyone of us could be Justen’s descendant!” 
Another Cellin the fifth Elder spoke “Gallee, is there any proof to prove that anyone as Tanik said could be Justen’s descendant?”
Gallee spoke “I’m not certain. The book does not say this clearly. There’s only a riddle which says 
'The One's children have the forgiveness to be the descendant.' 
Which doesn’t make sense." 
Cellin muttered out loud “The forgiveness? Does the book give you any idea on that?” 
Gallee answered “Well see for yourself. I looked throughout the whole book.” 
He picked up a book from the table and tossed it to Cellin, which he caught it. He handed one to Moran and the other to Tanik.
“Feel free to make copies” he said, “but the copies must be by hand, every line, drawing and writing must be the same to preserve the books originally.” 
Moran spoke “Gallee, You're free to go. Return to your room. If we have any questions or information to share with you, we will. Thank you”
Gallee put his copy of the book back in his robes and left the room. The doors closed with a bang behind him. 

One of them waited until Gallee left the room before speaking “Records indicated that the one has passed three things on to his descendants. One is the One is actually a Gate Destroyer with markings of the Elrics and Kangs on them and very strong strength to do impossible things and the third I can not find it in the records. I have seen one of them in Gallee.”
Moran was heard speaking towards Leo the speaker, “Which one?”
Leo answered “He seemed to be very strong for his age which makes me think he might turn out to be a Gate Destroyer. I have seen him lift up heavy things as if they do not weight very much to him. Heavy things that might take three to six people to lift.” 
Reva a female the second Elder spoke “The third is passed by voice and remembered in our minds. We can not write it down for the fear of the writing reaching the wrong hands. It is our fear that the wrong people would use the One’s descendant for ill purposes. Shall we tell Leo this?” 
Noal a male, the eighth Elder spoke “What about me? You didn’t tell me this either.” Sana a female the seventh Elder chimed out her agreement as Ayera a female the sixth Elder spoke with irritation, “I don’t see why Reva is the only female to know this!”
Moran spoke “We will tell you, but you all must not tell anyone. You can not write this down. It must be kept in your memory. This will haunt you for the rest of your days. You must all keep a close eye on Gallee. There’s chance he could be the descendant. The third sign.” 
He trailed off as he looked at each elder. Then he told them what the third sign was. 

Outside of the room, Gallee after being dismissed from Moran walked out of the circular building. He stood outside staring at the star filled sky. The planet’s sister planet unnamed shined brightly a dot bigger than the stars. Gallee sighed loudly. 
He thought “Father, I wonder when the day will come for me to tell them. What you told me about the third sign being descendant from an Ancient Human.” 
Gallee walked outside to the student dorm building and went inside. The halls were empty. There was no sound for Gallee to hear, except for his breathing. The dorm rooms were empty of students. Gallee at age fifteen came to the abbey an orphan there were nine students. They were all two years ahead of him in their studies. He turned nineteen when the last of the nine original students left. That was a year ago. 
He remembered Moran remarked “The students’ numbers who are brought here has been going down. One day there will be none to come here. It is up to the last nine to teach others what we taught them.”
Leo told him "Students who come, at age thirteen to learn and left once they finish six years at age nineteen. We would like to add three more years, but we promised to their families to return them once they reach the age of choice, which is nineteen years old. Their families believe our teaching will help their children in the future ahead."
Gallee sighed. Just three days ago he was sitting in a tree on a tree branch when he saw Moran and Dinen walking together. They both stopped near his tree. 
He overheard their conversation; Dinen was telling Moran “Once those students leave, I have a feeling they might not pass on what they taught, because of their families will probably make sure they forget. Our only hope is Gallee who has no relatives. We know so far, that his parents are dead. If his parents have any relatives, we hope they're not easy to be found. We can keep him here as long as we can.”
Moran spoke “Dinen, one problem. The Soulers may come and force us to let him go. He is twenty years old, a year pass the age of choice. A very strong tradition enforced by the Soulers. I'm grateful that they haven't forced the issue yet. Gallee's training isn't finished yet."
Dinen spoke "What will happen when the Soulers actually come to force the issue?" 
Moran answered "I hope we can stall them as long as we can until Gallee's training is finished. I fear that Gallee is the last to come here. We are at our end."
Dinen spoke "I knew that someday the day will come when we must part ways and leave the Abbey. But I don't know what will happen to the Abbey." 
Moran spoke “I do. It'll be a place of refuge for those who need it." 
Then Reva came walking up in a hurry. 
She spoke "Moran, Dinen, Respects, I came to remind you of some matters required in the Abbey." 
Gallee watched as they left from under his tree and disappeared under the bushes of the other trees. He could have stayed in the tree longer, when he heard Leo calling for him. He climbed down the tree to meet Leo. 

Gallee shook his head of the memory. Sighing he walked to his room and went in closing the door. 
He thought, "I wonder what tomorrow will bring?"
He thought before he went to bed.
Chapter two
The dark black sky changed colors from black to blue to violet to red then orange as the sun peered over the horizon starting a new day. The sun's rays shined on the silent Abbey. Leo walked from the main Abbey to Students' building. He sighed as he walked inside. The halls were silent which made Leo want to shout. He came to a door and knocked on it. 
He heard "Come in. it's open."
Walking in, Leo saw Gallee seated at his desk. His family book was open along with another book. It seemed to Leo that Gallee was busily writing.
Leo spoke, "The elders are afraid that the knowledge they taught the students will be forgotten. Moran is beginning to think you are the last."
Gallee spoke "I don't think so. I been meaning to tell you this, but I didn't want to cause any trouble."
Leo spoke "Out with it. What's wrong?"
He sat down in a chair next to Gallee's desk. Gallee put down the pen with his right hand on the desk. 
He sighed. "Do you remember Shanaya? Just before she left we had." 
He trailed off. 
Leo stared at him with shock on his face. "You fell in love with her, an Elric and mated!" 
He asked with shock in his voice.
"Yes" said Gallee. 
Leo groaned and then spoke "If she was with your child when she left there's a chance she already had it by now. This is going to shock her family for their very strong on not mating having a Kang mate with an Elric." 
Gallee sighed and then he spoke "Shanaya wanted this. Her family arranged a marriage with someone she did not like. She wanted freedom and independence."
Leo spoke "Yes, it seemed she was very assertive on her freedom. I 'm sure her family will assume the baby is her husband's hopefully."
Gallee spoke "I don't know about that. Shanaya wanted to go out in the world and explore using your teachings instead of getting stuck in Fijerd while, living in as a housewife."
Leo sighed "What were her views on having children?"
Gallee answered “She told me that she'll take her kids with her to show them the world while using the teachings. I think that is what she's doing with the baby." 
He paused and then said "It's her family tradition to name a child after the Father or Mother. If the baby is a girl the name is a female version of the Father which is Gallia. For a boy the name is a male version after the Mother which will be Shanayan. Her Father's name was Shanay hence her name Shanaya. I don't know if Shanaya had a boy or a girl."
Leo spoke "I assume once you're done here you’re going to look for Shanaya and have a family with her?" 
Gallee frowned before speaking "I don't know. I'll probably go back to Token to find anything of my family and then do some exploring, see if I could find more of my family line. I always wanted to find the great Chasm where the book says the Agamemnon is buried."
Leo sighed and spoke "Looks like I'm not the only one who believes in the chasm. Explorers have searched for decades trying to find the ancient ship but the search has met no success due to the War. I believe the Spiders found the ship and destroyed the chasm, burying the ship, since they couldn't take it to space with them." 
He was interrupted when he heard the bell ringing. 
They both listened as the bell rang in Morse code. "Alert! Gallee! Pack your stuff in your bag now! Visitors coming!"
Leo spoke "Visitors? It's been years since we had visitors. The last time we had visitors was lynching mob. I don’t like this. Please do what the message said, pack your stuff in a bag immediately." 
Gallee immediately gathered his stuff from around the room and the desk and put them in a duffel bag. He slung it on. The two then proceed to walk out of the students’ quarters. 
Outside Reva who was breathless from running met them. 
Leo asked her "Reva what's going on?"
Reva sighed catching her breath.
She spoke "Trouble. People from the past who we tried to escape tracked us here. It seems the whole town of Fijerd is here too. They're here with the Government authorities. One of our students Brenkus the troublemaker is here-" 
Leo interrupted her "That fool! He told the government where we are. Argh. He probably told them what we teach. Ugh." 
Gallee asked, "Who's Brenkus?"
Reva answered him, "We didn't know what Brenkus's purpose to being here. He left a month before you arrived-"
Leo interrupted again "To spy on us and report us to the government. Hmph! There's probably a big reward for him and his family." 
Reva continued "We have one thing. Brenkus doesn't know about Gallee unless one of the students told him." 
Gallee spoke "Excuse me, Shanaya told me that her family arranged a marriage between her and Brenkus. She could have told him about me fathering her child."
Reva spoke "I don't think Shanaya could have told him that. I saw her leave. She left in the opposite direction to where her hometown lay. That's where the Crustian Sea is. She told me about the mating plus plans for a sea voyage to Caspian country. She hated it here in Jorand country." 
Dinek ran up to them, "The visitors, mostly Elrics, a few Kangs, and most of the town of Fijerd outside demanding for Shanaya. They're very stubborn when I told them she left to somewhere else." 
Gallee spoke "I have something that might help." 
He pulled a piece of paper from a hidden pocket.
He added "Give this to her Father, Shanaya wrote this before she left. She told me her Father would recognize her handwriting."
Dinek spoke "We have a problem, they know about Gallee. I don't know how, but it seems the tattler must be Lankus, a former student, Brenkus's younger brother. 
Moran told me to say, ‘Leo, get Gallee out of here. Take him to Dennertown near the shoreline. If there's time, finish his training; tell him all of what we know then sent him to Caspian Country.’ 
He believes Gallee will be safer there. Go!" 
Leo pulled Galilee to the smallest of the Abbey building. They disappeared inside.

Reva spoke "Dinek, do you think Leo will tell Gallee the third sign?" 
Dinek answered, "I don't know. But Gallee will be the last if all nine of us die."
They turned and walked to the Abbey compound entrance to face their fate. 

The crowd had succeeded in breaking down the Abbey entrance. They surrounded the Elders. Moran stood glaring. He recognized Brenkus and his brother Lankus. There were smirks on their faces. Then he saw Shanaya's father Shanay. 
Shanay spoke "Lankus tells me you failed to help Shanaya with her wildness! You encouraged her!"  
Moran spoke "We teach each student to follow their own paths. Their desires and dreams-" 
Shanay interrupted "Not according to Brenkus, you taught them this false belief the war." 
Moran spoke "Like I said, it was our destiny to teach them this. It's the student's decision to remember or forget."
Shanay glared at them as he bellowed "Consider that you broke laws in the towns your from. It is not my direction to pass judgment. Your hometowns will. We will escort you to the capital."
The crowd surged around the eight elders. 
Shanay added "Leave the doors to the compound open. The Soulers can have this place." 
The crowd hauled the Elders out of the compound into the forest beyond. Moran looked behind him at the Abbey with sadness as he was taken from there. 
"May the One, help us all." Moran was heard speaking loudly. 

Chapter two
Inside the small Abbey building Gallee watched as Leo closed the door with a bang. The building was the first building Gallee went into when he first entered the Abbey Compound. He spent a day snoozing in there while being isolated. It was a requirement among the Elders for each student to be isolated for a fear of catching a plague from where they came. 
Leo spoke "There's a secret passage built by the Ancients that leads to Middletown at the crossroads. We'll lose them at the crossroads. The crossroads will take us to Dennertown." 
Leo he saw banged his hand on the wall. Gallee watched as a large metal circle with three circles in it appeared in the dirt floor. Leo jogged down the steps to the middle of the room and gestured to Gallee to come. Gallee jogged down the steps to where Leo stood. They stood on top of a metal outer metal circle. Leo jumped three times his feet banging against the metal ground. Gallee watched as like a doorway, the third inner circle moved disappearing in the ground revealing white-lighted stone stairs going down in a curve. Leo fumbled in his robes and pulled out a metal object. 
Gallee recognized the object Moran called "Cloud viewer."
Leo spoke "Moran gave me this. He wanted you to have it. It's a disguised as a telescope. It also works as a telescope too." 
Leo handed it to Gallee who put it in a hidden pocket in his robes. Then both Gallee and Leo walked down the stairs. When they were completely inside Leo, he saw turned around and banged on the gray stone wall three times. The metal circle slid in place covering the entrance. The lights on the stairway side lit the way down. 
Leo spoke "Gallee, Remember this place. The Ancients built it themselves. This Abbey is the only place on Jorand Country built by the Ancients. The oldest place built by them is in Caspian country. Only I, the Elders, and Shanaya know of this." 
Gallee had the look of surprise on his face when Leo mentioned Shanaya's name. 
Leo spoke "Shanaya did a lot of research on this. She shared her findings with us. Many things we know, she knows."
Gallee spoke "I think it explains why she went to Caspian country. She was interested in finding the great Chasm." 
Leo spoke "She believed that the Abbeys' built by the Ancients were put here as clues to where the Agamemnon was buried. My theory is the ship hasn't been found because the enemy found it and moved it. Enough talk, we must reach Middletown when it's still day." 
Leo led the way down the stairs. The stairs were curved to go round on the left deeper into the ground. On the sides glowing stones lilted the stairs. After awhile of walking down the stairs Gallee felt he had to say something. 
Gallee broke the silence by saying "Honored One, are the stairs lighted with the same thing we been using for the glow lamps? I can't figure out where the source is from."
Leo spoke "The lights used on the stairs are the same with the glow lamps. The source is stones by the Ancients. They created the lights we use. People in other places use fire for lights. We have not found anythin to recreate the stones for lights." 
Gallee spoke "Did Moran get his Cloud Viewer from his Father?" 
Leo spoke "Yes. His story is one of his ancestors recorded the space scene of what the Three Sisters look like." 
Leo paused and then added "Gallee, would you mind explaining why you mated with Shanaya? I know its love but we taught you to wait until after the age of choice for mating. Not to mention Elric and Kang mating is frowned upon. Why?"
Gallee sighed then he spoke "When I first saw her, I felt like I knew her. Maybe from a past life, I don't know. She felt the same with me. We started getting a little closer when we were seventeen. Just kissing and touching each other in certain areas whenever we were alone. Three days before Shanaya was to leave, we were both mated in a student's quarters."
Leo spoke "That explains the strange feeling I felt in Lankus' room." 
He got Leo chuckling laughing.
Gallee added, "Shanaya told me she felt like she was drawn to the sky, like me. She felt that there was something out there for her." 
Leo spoke "The legend says that the descendant of the One would name the Three Sisters in the sky."
Leo turned and bowed to Gallee to his surprise. 
He spoke "I'm the descendant of the One?"
Leo answered "The signs of the One, you match all three. Moran has the third on the cloud device. It's in a riddle which only you can solve. See it only when you are at your wits end."
Gallee heard a noise as they rounded the bend of the stairs. He saw the source which was a river underground.
Leo spoke "The Jonan River. We will take on our journey to Dennertown. It empties in Karban River, which is near Dennertown. There should be a boat where we could use. Come on."
Leo he followed led the way down the stairs to the stone floor. Gallee looked around. He saw that they were in a cavern the size of the small Abbey room. He stared at the rocky ceiling. It looked like the ceilings of the Abbey buildings inside. 
Leo spoke "This place used to be an Abbey, until time has worn it down for the river to pass through it. Moran thinks this Abbey was used as a hiding place during the war. But I don't think so. I believe it was used for something else. He does not believe me when I say the Ancients used this place for their purposes." 
Gallee spoke "The Ancients could use this Abbey as an underground travel route."
Leo spoke "I don't think so. Several years after the war, Jonan discovered the passageway and this river. It was his son Karban who traveled the river to another river above ground." 
They reached the river's edge. A small-motorized boat sat next to a wooden dock that was slowly rotting away.
Leo spoke "Be careful the dock is a century old. I think it's best to go one at a time first. It may not be strong enough to hold our weight." 
Gallee watched as Leo slowly walked on the dock and entered the boat. Leo gestured to come. Gallee walked slowly almost falling forwards which he dropped the duffle bag with a start. He found the thing crashing through the timbers into the water with a loud splash. 
Leo he heard "Ignore that and enter the boat. Your memory is better as a living record anyway." 
Gallee obeyed to enter the boat after careful maneuvering around the rotten timbers. He found the boat was a gray color made out of some hard form and metal material. The boat was triangle shaped. Leo sat down as Gallee sat down. He watched as Leo fiddled with the square motor, which roared to life. The boat moved down the river. 
Leo spoke "This boat is the same one your paternal Grandfather Karban used to go down the river passage. Enjoy the view."
Gallee gasped out "My Grandfather?"
Leo spoke "Your family line was very interested in the teachings. We believe you may be the last known living relative of your family line. The Soulers told us there are people with knowledge of the war living in Caspian Country in secret. For they fear there are agents of the enemy walking among us in secret killing those who believe in the war."
The river ride down the passageway was lit by glow lamps on the walls. Gallee saw the walls were like of the cavern. There were no openings or caves in the wall. The ceiling was the same of the cavern. The roaring river moved the boat with ease with no bumps. Gallee fell asleep during the river ride. He dreamed of Shanaya as her beautiful golden colored hair and eyes that captivated him. He felt drawn to her when he first saw her. It was like they were soul mates. Leo he felt roughly shook him awake. There was worry on his face he saw. The boat motor was silent. Gallee opened his mouth to speak, but Leo clamped his hand over his mouth and pointed to his ear. Gallee heard voices speaking. They were near the opening of the cave. The river was calmer and still. Leo brought the boat to halt he felt. The cave entrance stood a couple feet awhile ahead of them. They heard the voices speaking. 
A male voice spoke "Do you see them yet?" 
And other male voice spoke "No not yet. Leo and Gallee are probably still in the river passageway.”
Gallee looked at Leo with a questioning look in his eyes. 
Leo whispered "Klen and Jerd two friends of Lankus. They live in Middletown. When they couldn't find us, Lankus told them. That fool must have known of the passageway." 
Gallee whispered "The fool was very nosy. I caught him in my room looking through my stuff. He hasn't seen my book because I waited until there was only Shanaya when I made copies. She has a copy made by herself with my help. How could Lankus know of the passageway?" 
Leo whispered back "Some papers with the passageway were missing a few days but returned. I saw copy papers in Lankus' room. He hid them before I could get a closer look. Let's listen to them." 
One voice spoke "Klen how long must we stay here? It's an hour until sundown. I don't want to stay out here with the Soulers."
Klen heard spoke "Jerd stop worrying. If we can't get them, the Soulers will because it'll take an hour for them to get to the nearest town. Besides Middletown which is only thirty minutes away by foot." 
Jerd they heard spoke "I almost forgot the whole town is on the lookout for those two. There's a huge reward for their capture." 
Klen Gallee heard to his disgust spoke "Jerd, come on, we got to go now. I want to help my family with the lockdown."
Then there was silence. Leo he saw grabbed a paddle and paddled the boat out of the cave. Outside forests surrounded the river with no one in sight to their relief. 
Leo spoke "Karban River it leads to Fijerd and beyond. We'll have to stop here and go to Dennertown by foot. You heard what Klen said. It takes an hour to get there." 
Leo edged the boat to the shoreline. Both Leo and Gallee got out. Leo he watched set the boats motor. It roared to life as the river took it away. 
Leo spoke "This might help throw the searchers off our track. Come on." 
Leo led the way into the forest beyond jogging with Gallee jogging behind him. The forest had tall trees with short bushes. The trees towered high in the sky. There were other kinds of plant life. The trees were close together in clump a bit hiding the sky. The setting sun barely shined through the tree canopy. There were no paths so Gallee and Leo had to make one. They crashed through brushes and ran around trees. They traveled in silence running in the forest. Gallee jumped over bushes and tree trunks while Leo ran around them. 
Leo gasped out as he stopped running "Gallee! Wait a bit!" 
Leo he saw bent down panting and heaving. Gallee who was ahead stopped and turned to look at Leo. Gallee frowned. 
He spoke "Honored one are you okay? I'm willing to help you." 
Leo spoke "No thanks, I just want to catch my breath."
They resumed jogging. Gallee ran with Leo besides him. The sun soon touched the horizon. Leo suddenly fell to the ground and twisted till he lay on his back. 
Gallee kneeled next to Leo. "Honored One? Are you okay?" 
Leo gasped "Air, I can't breathe."
Leo clutched his chest as he added "Gallee promise me this, no matter what happens to me, get yourself to Caspian Country! You hear me? I have allies there who can help you. They go by the name Anellak!" 
Gallee spoke "I promise Honored One." 
Leo gasped and went still. Gallee put a hand on Leo's chest. His pumper organ was still that there wasn’t a beat. He bowed his head towards Leo's body.
He spoke "May the One lead the way to the great beyond."
He closed Leo's open eyes and then resumed jogging towards Dennertown.

The sun was slowly disappearing below the horizon when Gallee reached the outskirts of the forest of a small hill. The sun’s fading light shined on Dennertown standing below him. The town was at the foot of a hill next to the Crustian Sea. From his viewpoint the town was seemly small filled with square buildings of stone instead like his hometown of Token. Lights in the town were slowly turning on by tall metal like staffs that showed fire at the tops. Next to the town was the ever-moving blue Crustian Sea with numerous boats in the harbors. Gallee jogged down the hill into the streets of Dennertown. When Gallee reached the town he slowed to a walk. Gallee saw with wonder that there were numerous buildings that were like they were made out of stone, with touches of wood. The buildings were different from the buildings in his hometown of Token. Here the buildings were nearly tall as a tree and were square shaped like boxes. They were several stories taller than the tallest building in Token or the Abbey. The streets were busy of people sometimes walking and sometimes running. They looked like they were in a hurry. A woman came walking by with a pleasant expression with a scar of a Kang on her right cheek on her face. She had red hair, green eyes and looked to be years older than him and reminded him of Leo. She was wearing the same thing as the towns people baggy long sleeve shirt that fell to her knees and with tight pants. Her hair was put up with a scarf. She was around his height. She looked like she was just taking a walk in town enjoying the sights. Gallee stopped her.
 "Excuse me" He asked her. 
She looked at him. Gallee spoke "I was told to find people who can help me. Do you know where I can find them?" 
The woman stared at him as she spoke "Gallee is that you?"
Gallee spoke "Yes, but you are-" 
She interrupted him "My name is Merga Anellak. Come. There's no time for explanations. We must get to the ship." 
Gallee followed her to the harbor. She pointed to a ship in a berth. 
The ship she pointed had the word 'Cambecka' on it. 
Merga spoke "The Cambecka is an Anellak family vessel. The ship will take you to Caspian Country." 
She led him through the harbor chaos and up the gangplank of the Cambecka. Gallee could see the ship's side details. The ship looked like it was made of wood, with some kind of other material. The ship seen from afar was seemly small was now on the large side. 

On the Cambecka Gallee followed Merga through the busy sailors on the deck to through a door. 
Inside Merga spoke "Father! Gallee is here with me!"
Gallee could see the room was square with windows on the left side as he entered the room. There was a clear wall from floor to ceiling with marks and lines on it. In front of him was a round table that had papers scattered on it. Some of the papers were curling in rolls. There also were objects jutting from the walls with devices on them. Gallee saw a man standing next to the table. He had on boots like Merga, and a similar outfit, but his head was bare with thinning red hair. His facial features with the Kang scar on his left cheek reminded Gallee of Leo his mentor. He looked up from the papers when both Merga and Gallee came in. 
The male spoke “Gallee, Nice to meet you at last. I’m Jonan Anellak, Merga’s Father.” 
Gallee asked “How did you know who I am?”
Jonan replied “The Soulers. They have some interest in you since you were born.” 
Gallee gasped out “What?! My Father never mentioned this!” 
Jonan spoke “Your Father knows many things about the ancient war in the past that no one knows. He feared that the dark servants are behind the wipeout of ancient records.” 
Gallee spoke “Leo believed the same thing.” 
He noticed Jonan grimace as Merga spoke “Excuse me Father, but when do we set sail? I heard that there’s a reward on the capture of Gallee. Several people in town saw him. They could figure it’s him once they get a description of him. That despite its nighttime now.” 
There was a worried look seen on her face. 
Jonan again spoke “Merga, Gallee stays here, while I’ll tell the crew to lift anchor and set sail. Once we’re safely sailing then we can introduce Gallee. Oh have him change his clothes to the outfit.”
Jonan he saw tossed a package to Merga and then he walked out of the room. 
Both Merga and Gallee heard his loud voice bellowing “Raise the anchor! The time has arrived to set sail to Caspian country!”
Gallee spoke “Merga that reward has to be Shanay of Fijerd’s doing. Students of the Abbey did not believe in the principles betrayed them. Last I heard, the town's people got inside the Abbey while I ran to safety.” 
Sighing Merga spoke “I know” and pointed to a curtain in the corner. "You can change there." 
Gallee went behind the curtain and changed into the outfit which was tight pants and a loose long sleeve shirt with boots. He pocketed the Cloud Viewer into a pocket. He came out behind the curtain in the outfit with his black hair pulled back with the scarf on his head. His robe was he handed to Merga who put it in a barrel next to the doorway of the room. Merga sighed as her Father walked in. 
“It’s done” Jonan spoke “We’re now sailing to Caspian country. The only problems will be pirates, the Navy and bad sailing weather. Hmph!” 
Gallee didn't comment a response as Jonan led them out of the room to the deck. The crew stood in two lines both men and women dressed like he was. He could see some had markings of Elric on their arms with no mark on their face cheeks, as the others had scar marks on their face cheeks of Kang and their arms were bare of marks. 
Jonan spoke “We have a passenger, who we are taking to Caspian country. His name is Kien. That's all for now." 
The crew of two lines scattered. Gallee looked at Jonan with a questioning look on his face. 
Jonan spoke "I give all passengers on the ship, the name Kien to protect their identities and to keep ourselves out of their business. The crew knows this." 
Gallee nodded. 
"Merga" Jonan ordered "Take Kien down bellow to the guest quarters please."

Chapter three
Gallee leaned over the deck rail from heaving his stomach. It was an uncounted time he had been on the Cambecka as it sailed on the ocean waters towards Caspian country. Groaning he sat down next to the deck rail and gasped out some air breathing the ocean air despite contained below decks sick with his throwing up ailment. With a sigh he heard a step next to him and saw a female sailor with the Elric marks on her bare right arm, holding a bucket which she wordlessly thrust at him. Gallee clutched the bucket in his hands and he could feel the sway of the boat moving up and down which upset his stomach. With a groan, he threw up the contents of his stomach in the bucket and leaned back closing his eyes. 
Gallee recalled Jonan speaking "He'll get his sea legs soon."
He forced himself to agree to the Captain's words thinking to himself "I do hope he's right on this-"
At the moment he was interrupted "Spare me a story of your descendant being sick on a boat now. Tell me something else instead. Like confirm is this Gallee you talk about the one dubbed Gallee Zianan the Soulers seem to revere as their leader?"
Terror closed his eyes ignoring the Commandant's comment as he again heard the familiar song from the machine while hearing additional screams from it indicating birth to him. 
Terror spoke in response loudly "You sure it's safe for me to tell you this? The Soulers will find out and see you dead anyway they can."
He opened his eyes to stare at the Commandant who spoke "Just tell me a story anything. Just to avoid that noise I'm hearing from that thing birthing away."
Terror obeyed to speak.

Gallee didn’t protest as he was thrown off the cliff while tied up head first heading towards a large smooth square ground cliff down below. He felt annoyance hit him as hands caught him as his head was inches near the ground which he saw was alien and grey colored. Gallee grumbled in annoyance as he was forced to stand revealing the hands’ owners as two Soulers who freed him from the ropes holding his hands behind his back. 
Gallee exploded “Argh! You didn’t have to save me! I’ve been sick with a medical ailment since being on some ridiculous sea ship that hasn’t gone away! I’ve been seeking medicinal people for a cure! They tossed me off the cliff thinking I was sick with a plague! Why didn’t you let them put me out of my misery?!”
He felt annoyance become full blown as the Soulers instead of answering grabbed him and forced walked him to an opening in the cliff wall. He saw was a cave passageway lighted by glow lights overhead and grey walls out of alien material. He grumbled insults loudly as the Soulers forced him down sets of stairs and through several corridors into a hallway which he heard a shrieking sound in a female voice. Gallee frowned as he was forced down the hallway to a doorway with a metal see through fence covering it. He peered through the fence to see a female dressed in feminine Souler wear with her head not covered having blonde hair and all blue eyes that scared him. 
The female he eyed made him think "She’s insane." 
She, he saw reached through the gate and thrust out her hand touching him on the chest that made him stiffened. He felt himself sick enough to throw up like he had been doing lately as the woman removed her hand. Gallee was hauled away which he threw up several times violently as he was forced walked. He was forced to a doorway with a bed inside and thrust on the bed chained to it in a sitting position then the Soulers he eyed faded from view. Gallee felt himself sick again threw up several times over the side of the bed violently and coughed as he felt a hand touch his cheek feeling clawed. He jerked his head up to look up at his right to see the insane female was in the room that put another clawed hand on his other cheek which he stiffened from her touch. 
He heard a commanding voice unsure of whether it’s in his mind or heard it by ears saying “Don’t resist.” 
He felt himself confused as he suddenly felt a biting sensation on his bare feet and felt multiple something bug like crawling on his feet. He was prevented from looking from the woman holding up his head as the sensation went up his bare leg his body bare of clothing. Gallee started feeling the biting all over his body even on his hands going up his arms. 
He felt himself struggling not to resist to the sensations as he sensed from the woman hearing "I'm helping cure you of your sickness."
Gallee felt her calm from her calm demeanor with her hands on him. He forced himself to not resist as the sensation traveled up his body to his face and gathered around his eyes which he saw the woman narrow her eyes before his eyes cloud up with bug like creatures. 
Gallee spoke loudly feeling his mouth not covered "Ants! What's with them crawling all over me?!""
Gallee stiffened to feel himself entirely covered by the ants along with covering his mouth cutting him off. He felt the ants stop moving and felt them turn into liquid with his body was sensed absorbing. His eyes stopped the clouding up to go clear with some awareness sensation hitting him as he stared at the woman with shock.
Gallee saw with recognition speaking his words "You're my Mother who was missing from my life when I was a young child." 
He recalled his Father telling him "The Soulers took your Mother." 
Gallee recalled his Father spoke with an edge in his voice tone that suggested something else. He confronted him about that after reaching sexual maturity. His Father he recalled widened his eyes at the confrontation before bending down grabbing his chest while gagging for air. He brought his Father into the house to lay him on the bed holding his hand. 
His Father spoke in a gagged voice tone speaking "You will meet your Mother again." 
His Father spoke his words before closing his eyes and form becoming still. He recalled that he buried his father in the yard noticed by the town’s people who after the burial forced him to leave the town to the Abbey.
They insisted to him "You're to learn a trade from the Elders in the Abbey and not return before you reached the age of choice." 
He frowned recalled the elders in the Abbey backed up the town’s people’s words and made him stay with them learning their secrets about a past great war something he already knew about from his Father passing down from predecessors before him. Gallee frowned to blink his eyes of the memories to stare at his Mother who he sensed seemed aware that he’s her son from her hands on him and her facial expression. He stared at her as she rubbed his face before leaning forward to kiss him on the forehead then removed her hands to free him from the restraints then gestured for him to follow her out. Gallee obeyed as he walked a maze of corridors and stairwells passing by Soulers standing in doorways with swords drawn that straightened up their forms seeing the both of them. He frowned at the gesture as his Mother stopped at a doorway blocked by two Soulers who stepped aside. She walked through with him following to see a metal room with a glow light overhead shining down on something he saw were two rectangular boxes with figures inside them. He saw his Mother point to the boxes then gesture for him to look with her pointing to her eyes. He obeyed to look in the box on his right which he saw held a man with black hair facial appearance reminding him of Shanaya and a cut scar of a Kang on his cheek while wearing a uniform. 
Gallee spotted a written paper on top of the man saying "This man is Belgor Kang." 
The wordings shocked him. He proceeded to look in the other box to see a man with black hair and his face with Elric cuts on his arm while wearing a uniform with a paper on top.
The paper was saying "This man is Connor Elric." 
He stiffened reading the words with shock running through him.
Gallee recalled fully to himself "That explains why I was drawn to Shanaya. She's a descendant of Belgor Kang and I a descendant of Connor Elric."
Gallee looked around the room to spot on the wall facing him is a flag like banner with star surrounded by a sunlight having striped designs on it. Next to the flag is a large drawing of a sea boat he assumed with a flat top with a square tower like building on top of it. 
His eyes travel to the bottom of the drawing to see the words “United States sea vessel Agamemnon.”
He gasped out loud from shock hitting him as he looked around the room to realize "I'm in the Agamemnon!"
He recalled the mountain cliff he was thrown off facing the sea and realized "It’s the Chasm itself where the ship is hidden inside the mountain. Parts of the ship sticking out where I was caught by the Soulers."
He eyed the drawing to realize "I landed on the tower part of the ship judging by the area being a large giant square." 
Gallee spoke out loud finding his voice has changed “I’m in the Agamemnon that is actually a sea vessel and not from space like people thought.”
He cut himself off as he recalled a memory of his Father presenting him with a book just prior to his death "This book is a part of the family legend of predecessors being buried with a copy of the book and copying it by hand to descendants." 
He recalled after he wound up in the Abbey started reading the book to discover it was a journal written by several people. 
He remembered one handwriting "We're traveling the Agamemnon in safety from destruction of a plague among Humans happening. We're being a safe port for the last of the Humans struggling to survive from the plague’s destruction." 
He remembered the handwriting more about that while adding "Our food supplies ran out. A strange form of plague mysteriously hit me and my second in command Belgor Kang."
Gallee recalled the handwriting made it seem it was written by Connor Elric himself "The plague spread among the Humans living on the ship forming four races known as Elric for markings on their arms, Kang for markings on their cheeks, Gate Destroyers for having both markings dubbed that name for destroying doors in the ship from their rages and the last race dubbed Souler for their all blue eyes and mind walking power abilities that made them seem like they could see people’s souls." 
He frowned as he recalled more details of the book talking "A powerful sea storm arrived hitting the ship manipulating it to run aground on land. The storm getting the ship to hitting a mountain like cliff. With a large amount of it falling on top of the ship from the storm and trapping it there. People inside were forced to leave traveling on land. To discover that the plague had wiped out all the land’s Humans. They were the last of the Human race and that the plague from tests were the reason for the surviving Humans on the ship evolved into four races to fight off the destruction and survive."
Gallee frowned forming it on his face as he recalled that according to the book "Connor Elric and Belgor Kang got into a fight about Connor refusing to leave the ship despite it trapped in the mountain. Belgor was furious about swore that Connor would die alone and forgotten by the Humans. Belgor’s oath came true some time after all the Humans left." 
He recalled that the journal detailed in another’s handwriting saying "Connor’s son Gallee agreed with Belgor to leave the ship but came back to convince his Father to leave. He found Connor dead which tests revealed a heart ailment killed him. He was placed in a coffin in the ship to remain there and then later had Belgor placed in a coffin next to Connor after the man himself passed away from an identical heart ailment." 
He recalled more of the book talking "Belgor had a son who took on Belgor’s anger towards Connor and refused to have anything to do with Connor’s son who had similar feelings towards the son. It's due to Belgor’s oath he blamed for killing his Father but allowed Belgor to be put in the ship after death and both sons passed on the views to others in the races." 
He frowned as he recalled the handwriting ended followed by another handwriting with no identification to who wrote it saying "The Humans have forgotten the Agamemnon and are busy fighting among each other as in Kangs versus Elrics and Gate Destroyers versus Soulers. This civil war has lasted for the lifetime of myself writing this." 
The person continued to write "I'm seeing ships from the sky landing on the ground followed by insect like people coming out with round animated balls. The Spiders we call them used the Humans’ fighting among each other state to make them slaves with no way of freedom that has lasted since I've reached old age." 
The writer continued to write "This slavery is still ongoing. I have figured out a way for the Humans to fight off the Spiders was by joining forces. This hasn’t been happening due to the Humans still angry among each other." 
The writer added "I pray for a way for Humans to join forces will arrive soon for the Spiders have started to become deadly towards the Humans. I fears that their committing genocide as in wiping the Humans out to populate the Humans’ planetary world themselves." 
Gallee recalled the book’s handwriting ends with another's handwriting with no identification detailing "A Human male with pieces of all four races from the looks of him was brought into a slave camp by the Spiders. The male gave up the name of Justen. Justen refused to talk more about himself but started talking to the slaved Humans about how easily defeated the Spiders were from indicating of fighting them himself in combat and killing them. Along with allowing them to capture him to bring him to a slave camp seeing that the Humans needed someone to lead them in battle. The Humans in the slave camp were not at first believing Justen and his words. They started believing when he attacked one of the Spiders overseeing their work. Easily defeated the Spider killing it and destroying several entity balls in the process. This got the Humans to band together and attack the other Spider overlords freeing themselves. They discovered allies in the process from space off planet firing at the Spiders’ grounded ships. To see multiple ships of different types flying in the air firing at the grounded ships. The freed Humans with Justen leading them traveled over land taking down Spiders and freeing other Humans in the slave camps scattered in the vicinity. A battle that lasted till the Spiders’ ships took to the air taking off fighting with the ships which followed them out. At night fall three new stars appeared in the sky with no motion. Were dubbed the Three Sisters protectors of the planet keeping the Spiders from returning."
Gallee recalled from the book that the writer added "Several Spiders survived the battle and are planet bound in hiding mating with Humans. A fifth Human race appeared only known for their all black eyes. Not looking like any of the Humans in Kang and Elric forms but never Gate Destroyers or Soulers, dubbed Telepaths. The Telepaths have appeared to be servants of the Spiders slowly wiping out records of the war and killing Humans who dare to pass along records of it with no known purpose except to make Humans forget the war with the Spiders-"
At the moment Terror was interrupted with an Ugh sound from the Commandant. 
He spoke firmly towards the Commandant "You told me to tell you a story anything I wanted."
Terror glared at the Commandant who spoke "Just don't like being reminded that we Telepaths are indebt to them that created us to existence. It's not what I wanted to hear from you-"
Terror heard an explosion interrupting the Commandant to see the male dart towards the window with shock on his face. 
He kept his mouth shut recalling the exact reason for the explosion as the Commandant spoke "There's fire hitting the machine!"
Terror frowned but shut his eyes ignoring the panicky tone of the Commandant. He grimaced when he heard a shriek as he saw in his mind the machine releasing its bounds and went into the sky in a fast move. 
He sensed his mind scanned by the Commandant to hear from the male once the reason for the explosion was in his mind "You bastard had to do that sabotage didn't you?"
Terror opened his eyes to stare at the Commandant as he spoke "I'll do what I can to see the safety of him out of your clutches."
He heard from the Commandant in response "Bastard! Wait till the others find out about this! There'll be hell to pay!"
Terror spoke firmly as the Commandant made a motion to walk away "What payment should I pay Commandant? I'm the All Seeing One they refer to me. They revere me as that. I can do no wrong no matter what I do towards them in question."
He smirked while eyeing the Commandant who turned around and gave him a glare and spoke "Argh!"
Terror spoke "Argh is right Commandant."
He got from the Commandant "Just track her now. Be sure to tell us where she lands once she finds another world twin to this one."
Terror shrugged and spoke "As you wish Commandant."
He shut his eyes and willed his All Seeing One mental ability power towards the machine to see its projector path was towards another planetary world via travel gate as if guided towards there. 

Chapter four
Terror saw a planetary world a former dead world now full of life. Humans he saw of markings of Kangs and Elrics appearing to be refugees from the civil war with the Telepaths controlling Terra the Humans' planetary home world lived. The planet was a hidden Human colony to Terror. Terror focused onto the planet's orbit to spot three ships he recognized as the ones orbiting Gallee's world orbiting the planet. He saw a Human male aboard the bridge his mind identified as General Duncan Leroy a Kang of the Human species via the marking on his cheek. He recalled his memory of the information regarding General aboard the warship was. The male had a wife Ellia Alexander, a Kang, and their two children, a son Declan and a daughter T'La short for Titania, also Kangs. 
"The General" Terror recalled "Led the Human rebellion to fight against an enemy of the war with the Telepaths that was appearing to be led by a man called the Commandant." 
The three ships of the Human rebel alliance opened the travel gate and left the colony. The other two ships were the Titan and the Battle Axe. 
"General Leroy" Terror thought "didn't imagine that a horror that will come to haunt him in his dreams will come to the colony a horror of imaginable of the legends." 
Terror concentrated onto the colony's world on the colony he focused onto the General's known children Declan seven years old he heard spoke "Dad gone?" 
Ellia spoke moving her hands in sign language "He'll be back."
She he saw answered moving for her hands for some reason her daughter named Titania but was called T'La five years old was deaf to hearing sounds. Ellia held T'La's hands and Declan as she took them to their room to sleep. Night had fallen he saw. He saw in the reaches of space a darkness was slowly reaching out its hand seeing the machine was making a beeline towards the planetary world. Soon the hand would come to colony bringing terror. 
He heard a throat clearing noise sounding loudly Terror spoke loudly "The machine is going towards an unnamed planet that is populated by Humans. I recognized three of their warships among the rebels in question. The warships are the three that were dubbed Three Sisters-"
Terror was interrupted hearing "Bastard General Leroy! I'll see him dead if it means to kill him for this rebellious attitude against us Telepaths!"
Terror ignored the Commandant to focus onto General Leroy as he felt his mind scanned. 
He ignored the scanning to hear from General Leroy "Signal the fleet now! The attack on Terra is immediate now!"
He heard from the Commandant "Blast that General! Not now! Not when the machine is useless! Our defenses are nothing but a skeleton at the moment! They won't do a thing to help us! All they care is their machine and her needs than doing anything else to help us! Blast that bastard!"
Terror ignored the Commandant's ranting to feel his mind no longer scanned to concentrate onto the General's three warships to see them joined in travel gate space by numerous warships' he spotted were alien in design and didn't look Human made to him.
He spoke "Alien ships seen joining the General's fleet that aren't Human made."
Terror heard from the Commandant "What?!"
He opened his eyes to feel his mind scanned again by the Commandant giving him a glare of accusation with his facial expression forming it on his face. 
Terror shrugged and spoke "Not my concern anyway."
He got from the Commandant "Blast you bastard!"
Terror closed his eyes and ignored the Commandant felt mind scanning him as he shift away from Terra and the approaching warships to concentrate onto something else just to annoy the male. 
He heard the familiar alarms sound within the facility where they were both contained to hear from the Commandant "Mark my words All Seeing One as your dubbed. This isn't over. I'll have my revenge!"
He saw the Commandant run out of the room to see the male getting into a shuttle ship. The shuttle taking off towards the Telepath's main warship dubbed Psychopath sitting orbiting Terra that went towards the travel gate opposite from the approaching battle fleet and was gone. Terror sighed softly seeing his work was done concentrated onto the machine as if needing to do it as he heard further alarms blaring indicating the fleet had arrived. He heard explosions sounding faint becoming louder and louder along with feeling rumbling vibrations with the room. Terror ignored everything around him as he concentrated onto the rumbling to realize with a start that the vibrations was of a space ship blasting off into space instead of a building he was in. He felt annoyance take hold as the ship went to a travel gate the Telepath's ship went and went through. He sensing from the path was going to the colony world where the machine was headed to. Terror groaned softly to open his eyes facing one of the machine's creators sitting crossed legged across from him. 
He narrowed his black Human eyes onto the figure that spoke "All Seeing One, she safe where she's going?"
He exhaled a breath at that question to realize to himself "Blast the buggers are cunning than I thought."
He inhaled to speak "She's safe."
Terror shut his eyes to concentrate onto the machine referred as a female by them.

Chapter five
Terror eyed the colony world and focused inside to hear an alarm sounded. In the assumed control tower the sound of the alarm woke up a man with markings of an Elric he knew what his name was Miguel Ricos. Terror knew instantly that it was Miguel's job on the colony to monitor ships coming and going in space. Miguel he saw woke up and the radar screen. It showed a blip. The blip was moving towards the colony. Miguel did some keyboarding. 
The computer screen flashed "Unknown". 
Miguel wheeled his chair backwards to another wall. He grabbed the phone and dialed. He didn't have to wait long for a man's voice spoke of tiredness "If your not a gorgeous woman hang up and let me sleep." 
Miguel spoke "Doctor Yong you got to get up here and see this!" 
Miguel downloaded some keys. 
He heard the male exclaim "By the One!"
The control tower soon was bustling of activity. Most of them were in their nightclothes pajamas. Ellia came out of the elevator on the control tower floor with Declan and T'La each holding her hands. Her brown hair was long shoulder length which she usually wore up was down in a mess. A purple bathrobe covered her pink nightgown. She came in. Miguel saw her. 
He spoke "Ellia! Good your here! Check this out!" 
Miguel gestured to the computer screen. Ellia holding her children's hands went to the computer screen.
A male spoke "A ship of unknown configuration of any kind is coming to this sector." 
Ellia spoke "Doctor Yong are they a new race?" 
Doctor Yong spoke "Could be or as the Ancients warned an old race." 
Their patience was rewarded when the alien ship came to the planet in range of their probes. The image of the ship came to their screen. 
Doctor Yong spoke "Ugh creepy. I hope the aliens aren't creepy like the ship." 
The image of the ship showed as dark shimmering black against space and shaped with eight tentacles jutting from its cylinder body. 
Another alarm sounded Miguel yelled out "The ship is entering the atmosphere! Its technology and design is beyond anything! Its biological mechanical-" 
Enthusiasm died down. 
He added "Oh by the One! The sensors is indicated that the ship is damaged!" 
Doctor Yong spoke "Damaged?"
There were sounds of murmuring among the technicians. 
Ellia spoke "Who ever they are they may need our help." 

Terror saw the machine damaged by a force of pain had come seeking a place to land and heal itself. It had found a planet suitable for healing he saw. In pain the machine came to the planet and settled itself in a crater between the mountains. In pain the machine released its heart, its mind, and soul. It sent a signal Terror detected as its systems shut down to attend to the damage. Its sensors detect people on top of the crater. Humans like its heart. 

On the ridge Terror saw people stood with awe on their faces despite he screaming "Get away now! She's luring you to help her!"
He heard in response Doctor Yong spoke "Interesting."
Ellia spoke "Whoever they are or what they are, they will come. The ship has sent a signal of some kind. A distress call I think." 
Miguel spoke excitedly "Ooh, sensors are detecting a Human life form has come out of the damaged vessel." 
Doctor Yong spoke "Human? They must have contacted our race."
Ellia spoke "It doesn't explain the damage to the vessel."
Miguel spoke "Odd."
Miguel spoke in his communication link a watch on his wrist "Medics emergency get down to the bottom of the crater there's a humanoid life form in need of medical attention." 
In orange jumpsuits the medical team accompanied by the tower people reached the bottom of the crater. 
Doctor Yong he saw with horror ran to the ship till it was at arm's length ignoring his screaming at him mentally "Get away now!" 
With a cautious hand Doctor Yong reached out his hand and touched the ship. A change came to him as alien thoughts Terror heard came to Doctor Yong who yanked his hand back. 
Doctor Yong spoke to his communication link "I think we should first get information from the Human then inspect this ship with protection."
One of the medics spoke "Doctor Yong!" 
Doctor Yong walked up to them. The medic gestured to the man lying on the ground. Terror grimaced as he saw a human male lying there with recognition within him. Black technology was on the man's face while clad in black clothing covering him up fully. The man was heard mumbling sounds that seemed gibberish making him annoyed to hear.
Ellia he heard spoke "Colonies near here? The Others? They may want to know of this?"
Doctor Yong spoke "There's no other settlement on this side of space. We are not technology advanced as we are. We can't call for others in space without revealing ourselves to the enemy. We're on our own." 
Ellia spoke "May the One help us. I can't put my finger on it but there's something of that ship is giving me feelings of horror."
Miguel sarcastically spoke "Horror? We're on a break through of contacting another race that can help the Human race. What worse can happen?"
Terror mentally spoke in response "A horror unimaginable."
He concentrated onto the colony as if needing to do it.

Terror saw later in the compound of the control tower facility was bustling with activity. The skies were searched for other ships that will come to the colony. Ellia paced the floor. 
Doctor Yong spoke "Argh! Too much time has passed and none of any ships alien or not has past through this sector! It's ridiculous!"
Miguel added "That Human we have in med lab is like a vegetable repeating mumbling gibberish over and over. That technology we found plugged in John as we call him's head is anything like we've seen." 
Terror groaned softly hearing Miguel's words making him annoyed with that.
He mentally spoke "I'll see you free from this horror Justen. Don't worry about it."
He concentrated onto Justen's location to find him four floors down door in a room the door labeled 'John' lying on a bed. Justen his lips moved repeating gibberish words of the long gone language, a language the people of the machine spoke. Terror growled an annoyed noise. He spotted T'La stood in the doorway. Her right hand tugging onto the blue jumpsuit she wore. Her brown hair was put in a tail. 
Her eyes seen were all black he figured to himself "Must be a child of Justen by her eyes. Their always marked that way." 
He saw T'La showed curiosity. Sounds were all around her but T'La didn't hear the sounds. She was taught sign language her only way of communicating. Her Mother told her not to enter the room. Declan was told but he was up in the control floor watching. T'La saw the man lying on the bed that was drawing her to go to him by the feelings he was giving her. There was a chair next to the bed. T'La climbed up on since her days she first walked. She would climb out of her crib to explore. She would often get lost but her Mother found her always. T'La stared at the man. His eyes were open staring not moving not blinking. His mouth was moving speaking words. Words that seemed gibberish T'La edged a hand to his face. There was black objects on his face. She touched it alien thoughts came to her. The man's eyes blinked. His mouth closed as his eyes closed. T'La pulled her hand away. The man's eyes opened and his mouth moved. A nurse came into the room and picked up T'La and carried her out of the room. 
She spoke on her communication link "Nurse Garg here to Ellia Leroy."
Ellia's voice spoke "Ellia Leroy here." 
Nurse Garg spoke "I found T'La in John's room." 
Terror frowned as he spotted Ellia came and took Declan who had all black eyes he figured to himself was another child of Justen by the hand and went to the elevator. Nurse Garg was in it holding T'La who was silent with a look of curiosity on her face. Nurse Garg handed T'La to Ellia and left. Once again he focused onto Justen as Nurse Garg entered John's room. He heard Justen's voice speaking but shock came to him including Nurse Garg by her actions. Terror grunted feeling a poke of a clawed hand by one of the buggers he secretly referred them. He opened his eyes to focus onto them with annoyance running through him. 
He got from the Bugger "We arrived to machine place for healing."
Terror saw via his mind that the being was correct which he again focused onto Justen.
He saw the Nurse touching her communication's link she spoke "Nurse Garg here, whatever you're doing up there, drop it and get down here! John is speaking Agamemnon!"
She he recalled meant the name of the language the Humans have dubbed their official spoken language as Agamemnon.
The voice of Justen speaking in Agamemnon brought hope to him as he heard "I am the machine. I am one with the machine." 
Miguel he concentrated on spoke "What the depths is the machine?"
Doctor Yong spoke "My guess is it's either the ship sitting in the crater or something else." 
An alarm sounded. One of the technicians yelled out "Ships matching configuration of the ship in the crater! Their here!"
Terror grunted again as he and machine's creator answered a call of their machine. They came to a planet he saw. The call emanating within him from scanning they found one of their machine sitting in a crater in pain its heart was out. 
Terror heard "The people living on the planet would soon sing our song." 
He grimaced feeling the shuttle land planet bound to focus onto the natives of the planet.

In the control tower Terror saw Miguel spoke "Hmm those ships are still orbiting the planet." 
Doctor Yong spoke "What the depths are they waiting for?" 
T'La he saw tugged Ellia at her sleeve. He knew without Ellia looking that it was T'La. Ellia stared at T'La who signed with her hands. A frown came to her face. 
Doctor Yong spoke "Ellia? What is it?"
Ellia darted to the window and gasped "Oh the aliens!"
Doctor Yong and Miguel followed her to the window. 
Doctor Yong spoke "What the?! The ship seemed to have grown a bit!" 
Miguel spoke "Sensors indicate that there's a ship on top of the ship that is repairing the damaged ship." 
Doctor Yong spoke "Sound the alarm!"
A male voice spoke monotone shocking Terror "We mean you no harm." 
The voice was of Justen he saw with hope but disgust as he saw the spaced out look on the male's face. The natives he saw they saw Justen standing there in the doorway with a spaced out Human golden eyed look. 
Ellia spoke "What race are they?"
Justen spoke "They call me Justen. Like you said Miguel Ricos we can help the Human race if you help us first." 
The Humans of the control tower colony listened to Justen who added. "Their name in your language is ten thousand letters long actually hence they dubbing themselves Tennan. Long ago they went to sleep after a war one thousand of your years ago. Some sleep underground here and other somewhere else in the stars. They wait for the day when they are needed but they need your help for the time has arrived. If you help them all what you desire the most by each of you shall be your reward."
Terror grimaced hearing that finding the buggers aka Tennans coming into view showing themselves to the natives of the planet. He felt annoyance take hold seeing the Humans appear to believe Justen's words. 
Terror eyed Miguel as if drawn to see horror on the male's eyes making him think "At least one doesn't believe."

Chapter six
Terror remained in locked into a cave thinking to himself "So the Humans believed the words of the darkness but all things come with a price." 
He shut his eyes to focus onto Ellia who was facing a video camera that clicked as she spoke "Ellia Leroy here. Since the Tennans' machine ship arrived. I've hand a feeling a gut feeling of horror is what I felt from the ship. I tried to warn them. They wouldn't listen. I don't think the Tennans attend to give us what we desired the most like they claimed. I think they want to use us like we were puppets." 
She he heard paused then looked behind and then she pulled up T'La "Look what they did to my daughter T'La." 
Terror grimaced but spoke "She's not your daughter but Justen's."
He watched as Ellia continued "I found out that they have my son Declan in one of the machines. He came out insisting on being named 'D'Clan instead of his name of Declan. This technology I and T'La are wearing on our faces and is in our heads. I think it helps us with the connection to this machine the spider ship. Input Vide Cam four on." 
The recording he saw changed to an image of the familiar ship sitting in a cavern area as a male voice spoke "Ellia their going to hook Justen back into the machine." 
The recording's view clicked until it focused on a Human black technology on his face Terror recognized with disgust as Justen making him annoyed. He saw Justen was again mindless with markings of a Gate Destroyer on his form instead of being just a Human without markings. He felt disgust seeing Justen was being dropped into a cave by a gurney lowered into the area. There was a few moments of silence before a chirp of a communication's link sounded. 
A male voice spoke "Doctor Yong here." 
Another voice female sounded "Garg here their about to hook Justen up." 
There was a sound of a screech came from the machine Terror recognized the sounds of being born. The video camera clicked back to Ellia's face. 
She spoke "Many others after Justen went into the machine and were hooked up before taken out for whatever reason unexplained to this day." 
The image went dark then clicked on a man's face Terror recognized as Miguel.
Miguel he heard spoke "Miguel Ricos here, the colony's people are all gone joined the Tennans. Most of the colony's people have become one of them. I believe there are some like me are resisting. I discovered that they don't seem to want to help the Human race. They use us Humans for their gain. I saw them hook them up in their machines here. I'm not even sure of the reason. I have discovered things about them including a terrible dark secret. I could tell you but I have to move on. Their looking for me, the others that will serve and this recording is running out of room. I don't know but I think they have some interests with the Human race. Before I move on I will launch this recording into space where hopefully everything displayed on this will fall into the hand of the Army of light."
He paused looking around then the recording stopped his image clicked off.
Terror saw by Miguel's panicky behavior that he knew that the Tennans hunting for him were near. Quickly Miguel put the recording into a small launch probe he had fashioned himself. Then Miguel launched it into the dark sky Terror ignored to focus onto the male who got up running. 
Miguel ran through the forest panting then tripped hurting his ankle "Ahh!" 
Terror grunted seeing Miguel pulling out his gun he got up and limply kept running. He could heard hear voices speaking faintly he heard were the call of the machine making him annoyed to hear. He knew that they were after Miguel who had to keep running no matter what. 
A branch hit Miguel's legs as he fell he heard the voices spoke "Serve us!" 
Miguel yelled "I would rather die than serve!"
Terror heard the sound of a dart gun and something pinched Miguel's neck. 
He saw paralysis and sleepiness came to Miguel as he heard familiar voice spoke "Him prepare for machine." 
Terror grimaced seeing that scene from where he was sitting in a cave locked there by the Tennans. He felt annoyance take hold to focus onto General Leroy. He saw the General was slowly traveling in space making a beeline towards another planetary world. Terror frowned finding the travel gates at Terra weren't working and seemingly malfunctioning to him. 
He exhaled a breath to figure "The ships' slowness would take too much time before they arrived to the colony Zarghuna as it's dubbed." 
Terror spoke mentally "Too late General. The colony where your wife was will not have an excuse for you to land."
He kept an eye on the progress of the General and ships' arriving to the Zarghuna colony before focusing onto the probe that Miguel sent into space.

In space the probe Terror tracked seemingly lengthy with too much time with the recording after being launched was traveling in space its system acting like it was designed to home on a special signal if it encountered it. The probe he saw traveled in space floating seeking signals. It took time then its systems detected a faint signal homing on the signal the probe traveled till it came to a yellow planet. It entered the atmosphere and traveled. Floating in the sky was an asteroid the signal coming from it Terror heard sounding of a musical tone that made him feel scared hearing. The probe entered the asteroid from an opening. It came to rest on a gray floor. Hands gloved took the probe apart. One pair of hands lifted the recording out holding it. A button was pressed and the images of the recording recorded came to play. Terror found himself unable to see who the people were like they were hidden from him. He felt annoyance take hold as he shifted to look away from them as if compelled. He looked away towards a planetary world as if compelled to focus onto it he hearing the name was Zarghuna. Ships he saw arrived to a planetary world dubbed Zarghuna. One ship arrived and waiting for them planet bound was the base the Annoyov Barrack Station built on a planet full of life that was dangerous to manoids but seemed teeming of life. 
"General Leroy" he figured "had learned his lesson well on forming bases on dead barren planetary worlds to create life on them including making them habitual for Human life due to the wars he was fighting in."
Terror recalled General Leroy's reason for Zarghuna the planetary world for the base "The Annoyov Barrack Station was a long range base a place for peace for species to get together and work out agreements. The base was formerly used for the civil war against the dictator rule of the Commandant and the alien race dubbed Spiders despite the Humans and whoever was still unsure of who they actually were." 
Terror saw on the Annoyov Barrack base after landing the shuttle from the ship to land on the pad onto the airlock Commander Yana Renova welcomed General Leroy aboard.
General spoke "Report Commander." 
She spoke "Several Telepath controlled ships managed to escape the rebellious rule of the Commandant. Their coming to surrender to you actually. I received coded transmissions that their on their way and to the other surviving ships providing that they don't run into enemy ships or into the Spiders." 
General spoke Terror grimacing at the name they referred the Tennan race they were fighting with "I hope so. We need all the forces we can get. It's bad enough we managed to gain control of Terra after losing it to the Telepaths taking control of it at first. The damage to Terra they left made the planet dead for living."
The Commander a Kang by the marking on her cheek groaned in agreement. 
She spoke "If it wasn't for the Telepaths gaining control we wouldn't have this war with this tyrant dubbing himself Commandant whoever he is that wouldn't have come along starting this civil war." 
Leroy sighed and spoke "Any news among other bases?"
Renova spoke "Annoyov four is finished. Annoyov two and Annoyov three were destroyed. Annoyov One is the only station left but I don't think so. 
General glared "Commander." He spoke firmly. 
Renova spoke sounding firm "Sorry but what happened to the colony and the other bases is making me think there's bad luck hanging over us. But I think there's got to be someone out there somewhere for us." 
Leroy spoke "I hope your right, Commander." 
He yawned tiredly as Renova spoke "Oops! I think excuse me for not assuming you were tired. I have you escorted to your quarters. 
Leroy spoke "Good I could use some good night's sleep."

In quarters Terror saw Leroy frowned staring out the window. Terror thought back when Leroy went back to the colony taken over by the Tennans. His ship was traveling in normal space twenty four hours on the way. 
The General's communications officer dubbing himself Andre Ricos an apparent relative of one of the colonists on the planet reported "I'm getting no transmissions from the colony. Their not answering our signals or communicating towards us back."
Then at that moment Leroy displayed a look on his face Terror recognized as became a feeling of dread of something bad happened. 
Leroy had ordered his crew "Power up the ship's weapons! Ready fighters!" 
Twenty four hours later the ship went into normal orbiting the planet. Terror saw Leroy's disbelief as the General appeared that he couldn't believe when he saw the colony. The planet once full of life was a dead barren world having some gas for breathing on its surface. Leroy he recalled the day when he discovered the planet along in a star system full of deadness for colonizing to create new life on it. 
Terror recalled seeing someone a Telepath had warned Leroy "An alone dead worlds and worlds that were once dead were places of darkness. Leave them alone."
Leroy had ordered "Scan the planet for life." 
He heard from one officer speaking "There are none detected. Sorry General." 
Slowly after orbiting for a day the ships left. 

Sighing Leroy was seen closed the window shades. 
Leroy was heard speaking "I'll take whatever it cost to find out what happened to my wife and children. A vow I promised to keep even if it kills me."

Chapter seven
Terror shifted to deep underground on the planet. T'La and Declan he saw couldn't go on the surface without an oxygen mask for the air of the surface had turned to some kind of gas. The adults could go onto the surface and breathe the gassy air. They were modified with gills in their necks except for himself to his disgust. 
He recalled Ellia told her children "We are working on Declan and other children but T'La would have to wait till she was older enough." 
The Tennans, Terror saw didn't care wherever T'La wondered around always exploring the caves and in the forbidden sections. They appearing to favor T'La by their behavior towards her. It made Terror annoyed with the favors attitude that was still displayed towards him included. But they were watchful watching Declan and the other children that soon came to exist on from underground. He found thunder rumbled and lightening flashed in the skies. A sandstorm was blowing while T'La's brother and other children were asleep T'La who couldn't sleep was exploring as usual to Terror's annoyance. She had become fluent on how to speak the Tennans' language from her conversing with the Tennans he hearing her speaking their words. 
Ellia was said towards the Tennans eavesdropped by Terror "T'La can read and understand their writing symbols." 
She Terror recalled wasn't lying for T'La found a cave with a symbol on it that none of the Humans entered. T'La had tried to go in but was caught by one of the Humans who had always taken her away. Next day had passed and they assumed that she forgot but T'La by her behavior of hanging around the cave sneaking inside appeared to not forget the warning of the adults. So at the dead of the night T'La wandered into the cave. 
The symbol at the cave entrance was of two words he saw "The Male." 
It was a long hallway. The walls were bare with only torches of fire giving off lights. At the end of the hallway was a small cavern. T'La, Terror saw a giant black egg sitting in the middle of the room. It was a habit of T'La from knowing her to touch objects that seemed new to her. She edged forwards and touched the egg to Terror's annoyance. The egg shimmered then slithered away showing a cylinder lying on its side. Terror focused onto the cylinder to peer in the glass portion of the cylinder. A Human male he recognized with shock was Justen lay asleep black technology was on his face similar what T'La had on her face. T'La he concentrated onto after the shock appeared to be having hearing tech that detected sounds of voices behind her. Darting around the she squeezed herself into a small crevice and she sat waiting he saw. Four people two women and two men came into the cavern Terror saw. One was of her Mother Ellia. They began talking conversing. Terror eyed the Tennan hiding in the cave behind T'La that began poking her who appeared to feel something hit her back ignored the poking. The Tennan after giving off a faint growl pushed T'La who fell out of the crevice loosing a pile of rocks. The noise attracted the adults' attention including Terror's disgust making him annoyed with the Tennan for that behavior towards her. 
Her Mother spoke "Ahh Here's my daughter Titania, your egg opener." 
One of them spoke Terror concentrated onto him he learned his name was Doctor Yong "Well I wish she hadn't done that. It could have disturbed them enough to investigate and use the Barron again. We'll be dead in medical.' 
The other man Miguel Ricos spoke "Conspiracy needs a few people who Telepaths can't read. I reckon that they can't read T'La." 
The other woman named Nurse Garg spoke "I don't know what they did to the kids but I want payback for that." 
Doctor Yong spoke "Of all of the people here I'm surprised that they left us alone to go in here. What are they afraid of? Justen in that tube or what?"
Miguel spoke "How the depths should I know? Maybe they know of our little play and is stringing us along-" 
Ellia interrupted "Shh someone is coming." 
Doctor Yong spoke "If anyone ask deny everything." 
A man came into the cavern Terror recognized with disgust taking hold. 
There were gasps as Ellia cleared her throat followed by glares as she spoke "Not in front of the kid, Doctor." 
The man was the Commandant dressed in a black uniform a silver badge of him being the Commandant was on his uniform marking him as a telepath. He had black hair with pale white skin and his eyes were all black. 
The Commandant spoke "Info from the Tennans hiding around here tells me that you all of you are like Justen implanted in you." 
Terror grimaced hearing the Commandant's words.
Miguel spoke "Excuse me but since this cavern is forbidden then why does having us explain why we're allowed in here?"
The Commandant spoke "Ask Justen." 
He turned and left.
Garg spoke with sarcasm "Ask Justen? How? Besides opening the egg we haven't figured out how to wake Justen. 
A new voice spoke "Oh you have." 
Terror exhaled a breath hearing Justen's voice speaking Tennan's language in some guttural growling noise sound. He saw the adults spun around to see the cylinder glass was open with Justen sitting up in it looking normal to him. He sighed of relief but felt annoyance take hold seeing weariness on Justen's face. 
Doctor Yong spoke "By the One, help him." 
Garg and Miguel helped Justen out by grabbing his arms and hoisted him out. 
Justen spoke still using the Tennans' language "Thank you. Means if I'm implanted with an egg so are all of you." 
Miguel spoke "Uh Justen who's this egg you're referring to?"
Terror recalled the egg was the entity balls acting like computers absorbing knowledge from people while inhibiting them to his annoyance. He focused onto Justen he knew wasn't inhibited by an entity ball by the language he used.
Justen spoke "I don't know they call me the male. But I don't know how can I a Human be the male to what?"
Terror spoke mentally while hearing Justen's question "Above you a corridor away was a huge vast cavern. In the middle was a giant black spidery creature mistaken as a space ship. It was the most power of the all the Spiders acting as their Queen of the species race dubbed Tennan. The Tennans planned to have you mate with their Queen to create more offsprings actually space ships from the mating. They hoped that you would be the Queen's mate."
Terror frowned from his thought but shifted his eyes from seeing the scene towards somewhere else. He focused onto a yellow planet on an asteroid. 
He figured to himself from his lengthy living "It's a base of some kind. It's sanctuary for people since a war one thousand years ago."
He found the base was full of activity voices were speaking different tones but the same language this time in musical voice tones with electronic like voices. It made him annoyed as he focused onto a wall as if drawn. Terror unable to see who the voices were that were speaking. The wall showed images of a recording playing Ellia and Miguel's messages over and over on a gray wall. It came to the part on Justen. A hand he saw looking webby like reminding him a Fishla species from the webbed hand swept in motion the picture froze. 
Terror heard male voice spoke "He lives. The One lives." 
Another voice spoke sounding in an alien voice in musical electronic voice tones making him grimace "Contacts on the colony as dubbed by the Humans say the Tennans as their called are preparing Justen for the Queen. Unsure of what it means."
The male voice spoke "Come what may, the merging will not happen!"
A musical voice spoke "Come what may, I fear it has happened and you must commit to the change." 
The light on shined low around the room focused onto a Human male with all black eyes of a Telepath making Terror gasp of shock seeing him. 
The Human spoke "If I commit to this what will I be called?"
The musical voice spoke "Leader Lave." 
The Human lifted up a triangle object large sized "With this I shall be the one." 

Chapter eight
Terror frowned to turn his eyes elsewhere focusing on the Humans' lost colony in the dead of the night in the forbidden cavern a meeting was taking place. 
Miguel spoke "I don't know how many days or years they call it instead of cycles past but I'm surprised that they haven't caught use yet?"
Ellia spoke "T'La anything to add?"
T'La spoke in the Tennan's language "No don't have anything to add, Mom. Except D'Clan thinks the male is actually for a female of some group involved with merging." 
Ellia repeated what she said in Agamemnon. 
Doctor Yong spoke "Argh it's easy for kids to understand this language but I'm as heck having a trouble speaking it."
Miguel and Garg added agreements. 
Doctor Yong spoke again "Well I can't find anything new for uh Justen here." 
Justen glared as Doctor Yong spoke ""Sorry."
Garg spoke "Got a message from the One says this he has merged and is in process of creating one for Justin to merge. Whatever that means." 
Ellia spoke "I have a hunch on who she is but I dare not mention who she is for they'll be on her." 
The Commandant's voice spoke he heard "Tell us." 
The Commandant walked into the cavern speaking to his disgust "Like you said Miguel 'Maybe they know of our play is and stringing us along.'"
He gestured towards Justen who smirked while folding his arms and added "The male destined to mate with the machine a Queen actually a female." 
There were gasps as Doctor Yong spoke "Tell me what you plan to do to us?"
The Commandant spoke "The Queen will answer that question." 
Then there were sounds in the room ominous as the Tennans arrived. 
Miguel spoke "Buggers their the Spiders themselves." 
Ellia was heard "You implanted my children with implants why?!'
Terror frowned instead of answering as he nothing in answer to her question as he concentrated onto the scene.
The lights flickered out as screaming sounds were heard followed by evil like laughter tones. Figures in black carried the people on gurneys. The gurneys took them to a chamber. There were multiple drones sat in the chamber attending to the Queen. There were shrieks as if something was being merged reborn as Justen was merged. 

Terror sighed and forced himself to look elsewhere he disgusted with what he was seeing. He focused onto the alien world where the asteroid was showing the familiar Telepath there. He saw the Human male a Telepath put the triangle on a crystal like diamond device it glowed. 
He spoke "Come what may the Leaders will finish the work of what was started by the Ancients." 
Terror frowned with a groaned softly seeing the Human enter a cylinder tube that flooded with water that covered the area seemingly lengthy. He frowned as the water got drained out followed by gasping of seeing the figure inside he figured was now Leader Lave as called. He shifted to look elsewhere as if drawn.

Terror frowned but saw out in space ships traveled seeking and searching they appearing to be waiting for the merging of Justen with their Queen waiting. Terror recalled his merging in the Queen's body. He saw in his mind as he came upon a path in space. It was quite familiar to Terror he hearing himself crying him not to go but curiosity got to him. He traveled following the path of whatever the Queen made in his mind as the merging happened. 
In space the ships contacted him through the Queen's mind after the merging was done. 
They told him "We're detecting a ship's trail made by an army that stood in our way of reaching our goal." 
The trail was long as ships newly created from the merging rose up born from the Queen from the planet seeking the enemy ships while finding in space a cluster of ships gathered around a space base. The ships surrounded the base fired as the other ships went away escaping destruction. The Tennans with their great power of the merge of their Queen and Terror's mating creating more ships destroyed the base. Terror recalled getting an image of inside one of the last ships to escape the destruction a male of a species. He later learned was identified as a Fishla stood wearing a black uniform with anger seen from his behavior of flapping fins fast. 
The Fishla spoke "Tell home world that the enemy the Spiders as we call them have destroyed the star base." 
The Fishla male spoke adding after Terror heard a beep sound "I hope somewhere out there there's a base for us for if not then we and the rest of the people in the known universe are doomed."
Terror groaned softly hearing that from the Fishla from memory of his merging one thousand Humans' years ago. A time when the Ancients were fighting among each other on their home world Terra as dubbed. 
Terror recalled "The Tennans got a hold of me to mate with their Queen for creating more of their ships." 
Terror felt annoyance take hold recalling "The Fishla managed to destroy the Queen traveling in space via surprise act from an asteroid field. The Queen in her pain of being destroyed freed me to float around in space."
He shook his head of the memory not recalling "How I found myself buried in the earth of a planet I coming out reborn making me confused to this. I recalled fully of coming out at nighttime to meet the Fishla who taught me how to survive on the colony a planet full of convicts ruled by a group dubbed Skull." 
Terror continued to think "I recall meeting the Skull group a bunch of Fishla wearing skeletons' masks on their faces while armed with gun weapons in some brown uniforms that got me to learn the ways of the colony.
I recalled one of the Skulls as referred told me 'You will learn the manner of peace or suffer death from the Fire Wheel.'"
Terror recalled "The Fire Wheel was some kind sunlight burning trapped manoids to death when the sun was at it dangerous heating time during the day. The Fishla living on the colony remained active around the nighttime. They hid during the daytime to avoid the sun's burning when the sun reached a certain point in the sky. The sun's burning could be any position in the sky for the Fire Wheel as the Fishla called it to happen. That's why the Skulls were always covered up. Their wearing protection from the Fire Wheel as the Fishla call it. It's for them to travel around during the day seeking convicts that break their laws or rules of peace to burn to death. The Skulls didn't care who they found hidden as long as the person was burned to death via the Fire Wheel. It's apparently some game between convicts and the Skulls for the Fire Wheel's burning."
He continued to remember "The Skulls found me hidden in a small cave and tried to leave me for the Fire Wheel where I felt a great deal of pain. I don't remember what happened next except waking up from being buried in the ground discovering myself still contained in that ridiculous colony world scaring Fishla after I got out. The Skulls got a hold of me and got me as one of them seeking convicts to execute in some game. I was forced to do this till the Tennans arrived to the planet and got me off via merging with their Queen. The Tennans caused lots of damage to the colony as they got me off and transported me to a colony involving the Humans this time."
Terror again recalled "The Tennans as a price tag had me mate with one of their own people instead of the Queen to create more ships. How am I supposed to know that the Tennans all of them are females despite appearing to look like a male on the outside? I mated with that Tennan to my disgust. Created my son Justen I valued from the Tennan birthing him. I tried to keep him out of the Tennans' influence which worked. He led the Humans on the planetary world to get the Tennans off and out via Queen ship leaving. Survivors of that battle hid and raped females, mostly Gate Destroyers, after discovering their male status. The Telepaths wound up created as a result to my disgust. It was them who discovered my All Seeing One's power from the Telepaths' mind scanning me. The Tennans as a result have been referring me as 'All Seeing One.'"
He felt a prick of a pain in his neck jerked open his eyes to discover six Telepaths gathered around him while whacking gun butts aimed at Tennans who were heard growling. Terror felt himself slipping away into an unconscious state with his eyes open. He looked to focus finding two of the Telepaths picked him up dragging him by the arms. He heard the Tennans growling out their protests that were ignored. Terror felt himself unable to move as the Telepaths got him onto a shuttle with them putting him onto the floor he lying on it. He eyed the shuttle's contents seeing he was tossed all over the place ignored by the Telepaths seeing via a window strapped up into seats. 
He figured to himself "I'm being transported elsewhere by the Commandant's orders. Blast him for this stunt!"
Terror found himself flying all over the place whacking into metallic walls seemingly lengthy till he felt gravity to hit the floor with a loud grunt. He grunted feeling himself sore all over as he heard a door opening sound to find the Telepaths grabbing him. He felt himself too weak to protest to them hauling him down the stairs and throwing him onto a sandy ground. Terror rolled onto his back eyeing the Telepaths warily to find one thrusting the butt of his gun onto his forehead making him sleepy. He shut his eyes to find himself floating above his body. He focused onto his body as a sandstorm arrived blowing sand all over him nearly burying him. Terror found the sand covering him entirely till he found his eyes shift elsewhere in space on a planet. He recognized the planet as a former colony forgotten by the Humans assuming it was dead. The colony in its world was originally built as a place of refugee a place from the Human Telepath war. But a force unknown made the people to leave and ignore it leaving the colony ignored. The colony was forced to become a dead world again. Terror woke up from feeling the sand getting into his lungs coughing him awake. He stood eyeing the sunlit sky after being dumped off by ship by the Telepaths via force. 
"The Telepaths." he recalled "Wound up ignoring the Tennans' protests when they took me from the former Humans' colony planet and brought me onto another planet dumping me there." 
Terror recalled with disgust running through him as if compelled one of the Telepaths spoke "The Commandant gives his regards All Seeing One.'
Terror was felt annoyance take hold recalling the words after he was forced off the ship onto the sandy ground and knocked unconscious. He looked around as the sands seemed lengthy in its distances. He eyed the sun that shined overhead glaring in some heat. 
He sighed figuring to himself "At least it's not the Fire Wheel's colony." 
Terror forced himself to walk lengthy on the sands that glowed red colored. The sky was a seemingly yellow color from the glaring sun. He spotted something floating in the sky that made him think it was a rock but he wasn't sure. He kept on walking till he felt himself terribly thirsty abruptly from the hotness. Terror forced himself to keep on walking stumbling onto the sands till he felt himself wanting to lie down obeyed. He stared at the rock in the sky to shut his eyes and concentrated onto it to see it was familiar. He concentrated seeing the rock was an asteroid floating in the sky in orbit of the planet some deserted world of endless sands. He laid seemingly lengthy feeling himself flicking from unconscious to conscious till unconscious status took control. 
Terror came to hearing singing that didn't make sense to him followed by hearing "Silence! You will help the visitor now!"
Terror heard the tone sounded of a musical voice in an electronic like tone felt hands lifting him up followed by going unconscious. 

Chapter nine
Terror woke up hearing music that sounded pleasant towards him. He jerked open his eyes finding himself facing a being appearing to be an angel by the wings, white robe on and feminine form with bald head in a Human like face. He knew instantly the being wasn't an angel of death to him. 
Terror heard the music and electronic tones sounding from the being "I am Sora of the Fishla species. Actually I'm an evolved female now into this Earthari form as we call your species."
He wound up getting up from the bed while staring at Sora who was surrounded by others of her kind all females he noticed.
Terror heard from Sora again "We are honored to meet you we sense has a gift that is a blessing from our creator."
Terror exhaled a breath from Sora's words "I recall the Fishla always revered an All Seeing One god as their creator. Sora from her wording involving gift made me aware that she knows that I have an All Seeing One ability to see everything but couldn't sense the thoughts of people."
Sora he eyed wound up to hear from her again "We have a mission for you to do. You must be patient for the mission to be done."
Terror didn't comment a word as Sora and her people floated away from showing a cylinder tube he looked with a gasp sound of recognition. He exhaled a breath seeing the cylinder's contents to focus onto Sora as if needing to do it. He knew that Humans seeing the females would mistake them as Angelic beings of light with Human faces seen something the Fishla wound mistake them as Earthari. 
He heard from Sora again said "Be patient. The Fishla will come as they have in the war. They are quite desperate after the destruction of a home. We live here for sanctuary from the desperation of the destruction. The One will be the hand to teach them that destruction isn't good."
Terror spoke as if compelled "Will they accept you and I despite our differences?"
He heard Sora spoke "They will come and wake up Justen your son." 
He spoke ignoring her speaking Justen's name "The Tennans from my senses cued to my son have him in their grips. I hope we can free him, Sora." 
Sora spoke "The time to free him will arrive."
Terror looked through the window of the asteroid at the cloudy golden sky. His face was a Human face with a beard and a mustache in the color black having shoulder length hair with eyes that were Human black looking. Terror exhaled a breath recognizing his appearance as one of the Ancient forms of a Human from the looks of him. He without a word looked behind him at the Fishla female an angelic being glowing white light. The light he saw was illuminating the room a jail cell from the looks of it. He saw her light wound up showing a cylinder holding a Fishla male inside that was sleeping from the looks of it. The Fishla male had his eyes open showing them all black of a Telepath and appeared to not acknowledge anything around him while lying in there. Terror without another word resumed looking out the window again hearing the familiar singing making him grimace. Terror didn't say a word of communication towards Sora and her singing instead focused elsewhere as if needing to do it. He found himself unable to see any of Sora and her people traveling around the asteroid's contents from inside. It made him annoyed from that. Terror heard Sora's singing continue sounding of music to him making him annoyed.
He figured to himself "Her singing is their way of keeping me out from seeing within this place. That's how they kept me out despite aware of my All Seeing One ability. One of the Telepaths must have told the Fishla of this ability. It's him in that cylinder tube asleep at the moment dubbing himself Leader Lave."
Terror shifted to eye on the Annoyov Barrack Station via his mind after shutting his eyes. He found himself unable to see anything to figure to himself "Blast Sora and her singing. She's blocking me from seeing anything."
He grunted and annoyed sound as he recalled a memory coming to his mind involving General Leroy asleep in his quarters. 
General Leroy he saw was rudely awaken out sleep by the voice of his computer speaking "Commander Renova is waiting for you to answer on line one priority."
Leroy groaned "Argh! No wonder they call this base Annoyov!"
The computer spoke "Priority one means answer at once." 
Groaning Leroy got up from a bed. He found General was still clad in his uniform. 
Leroy spoke "Lights on." 
The quarters' lit up as Leroy walked to the video terminal and spoke "Receive." 
Commander Renova appeared on the screen Leroy spoke "What the depths are you doing disturbing my sleep? I'm trying to get a decent good night's sleep since I'm planet bound. The ship I travel in doesn't have any gravity. I have to wear ankle weights when walking including sleeping in a floating bag. So please let me sleep."
Renova spoke "The Battle Axe picked up refugees from an attack appearing to be from the Commandant onto their home planet we're still trying to find out where-"
Leroy interrupted "Excuse me? You woke me up to tell me of a ship carrying refugees?"
Renova glared and spoke "Escorted by an alien warship species identifying themselves by this worded name of Fishla they using some 'Sorry we caused destruction' comment in communications towards us?"
Leroy spoke "Fishla, who the depths are they thinking anyway?"
Renova spoke "Then why don't you come down and see for yourself, Renova out." 
Leroy spoke as he grumbled "I ought to get out walking in the fresh air more. Getting crazy around here." 
Terror exhaled a breath to continue on focusing onto the memory of Justen piloting a shuttle to a location to where the Commandant wanted him while containing children. 
He recalled with disgust "The Tennans came upon an idea to hook up children once they reached sexual maturity for creating more ships from the Queen via machine use. The Tennans figured out that the children could withstand being used more often but it left them more sicker actually." 
He recalled fully "The Battle Axe got a hold of the shuttle and escorted it to the Annoyov Barrack Station with the Fishla escorting it." 
Terror recalled a memory of seeing the Command Center was a hive of activity as General Leroy came into the room to hear a voice bellow "General on deck!"
Everyone stopped what they were doing and stood attention. 
Leroy spoke "As you were." 
The bustling activity resumed as he went to Commander Renova who spoke "The Battle Axe is coming in via travel gate's space orbiting the planet. We have visuals aimed at the area shown on the main screen."

The gate flicked warning red lights before flashing white as the Human Alliance ship Battle Axe came out in a flash of light followed by the refugee ship flashing and an alien ship that was colored blue and shaped like an actual animal fish with mouth shut and no signs of gills seen that flashed as it came out. 

A voice spoke on the communication link communicating to the Annoyov Barrack Station planet bound sounding electronic in a male voice "This is Shuttle One carrying refugees permission to land and board.' 
Leroy tapped some keys onto the console table and spoke "This is the Annoyov Barrack Station control to Shuttle One permission granted. Proceed to the landing pad bay four." 
The voice also spoke "Have your medics meet us when we land. We have a Human male in need of medical attention." 
Terror recalled with annoyance "Justen managed to inject some sleeper drug into his system to appear to look unconscious once on landing to the Annoyov Barrack station. I remembered seeing General Leroy stood in the arrival terminal to the landing pads' areas with Commander Renova at his side." 
A voice of the computer blared "Shuttle landed. Boarding parties are to meet now."
Leroy stood eyeing the terminal's hallway that went on lengthy having doorways to landing pads to eye the one labeled four to see if open as an officer walked out. He recognized as Lieutenant Andre Ricos brother of Miguel Ricos that didn't seemed pleased to see him. 
Terror recalled "Andre Ricos verbally blamed the General for the loss of his older brother Miguel Ricos on the lost Human colony. He had always shown some dislike feeling towards Leroy." 
Ricos reached Leroy and spoke sarcastically "General." 
He heard voices chattering yelling "Move it coming through!"
Leroy looked to see medics pushing a gurney having a figure of a male form lying on it Terror recognized as Justen unconscious. He saw confusion on Leroy's face. The General seeing Justen had markings of a Gate Destroyer rare for Humans to have despite them mostly Kangs via markings on their face on a cheek and Elrics via markings on one arm. 
Terror frowned further recalling "The Gate Destroyer species was assumed extinct by the Humans." 
Terror recalled he heard one of the medics stop by the General saying "He's the pilot of the shuttle we found. That via computer communications' voice refused us to board or refused to get aboard our warship. He instead kept insisting in some crazy manner of wanting to find land to land the shuttle period."
He saw Leroy directed his attention towards the people who came out of landing pad four's doorway. He saw that they were all young as children barely in their late teens. 
Leroy spoke "Kids?"
Ricos spoke with sarcasm sounding annoyed "From what we got out of them after landing is the colony's planetary world was reaching some destruction status of disaster. They only had one shuttle. The Fishla via communications also claimed that the kids may have encountered the Spiders. The shuttle via scans of the Fishla have claimed some damage from the Spider ships but we haven't found anything to indicate that. The Fishla have proven to be correct due to that all the kids as you call them appear to have some kind of technology implanted into them that is alien to Humans. The Fishla keeps claiming that they had nothing to do with the implantation." 
Leroy spoke "Interesting." 
Ricos gave Leroy a glare and added "According to medics examining them the tech is unlike anything we have seen." 
He saw Rico walk off ignoring Leroy sputtering questions as he heard from Renova "I think I'll go to medical bay and see about our pilot. He had looks of a Gate Destroyer on him. It's odd after not seeing them around for too much time to assume them extinct." 
Leroy spoke "Let me know-"
Leroy was interrupted by a male voice speaking "Daddy!"
Before Terror knew it from memory Leroy was hugged by two kids figures seemingly teenaged old to him one a male and one a female. He eyed them with annoyance to see that they had all black eyes and tech on their faces including wearing uniforms on their forms with some broach that indicated something related to something he wasn't sure what. He noticed that the other kids weren't wearing those uniforms or having all black eyed looks either and appeared to look sickly looking to him. 
He stared at two children with shock of recognition as D'Clan he assumed was him spoke "Daddy." 
Leroy heard spoke "Declan, Titania?"
He saw his son's son D'Clan as he wished to be named was nearly reaching Leroy's height and tall with long brown hair. Along with his son's daughter T'La as she wished to be name was still shorter than her brother and appeared to be scrutinizing Leroy further due to realizing that she was still deaf. 
Leroy eyed T'La to speak "Titania?"
T'La he saw nodded her head as if hearing Leroy as he spoke "You got healed to hear?"
T'La shook her head in a no gesture only to hear from D'Clan "She's wearing a tech implant that helps her hear actually. Besides she seemed to have lost her ability to speak any sounds. She can only communicate by hand language called sign language we invented among each other me voicing for her." 
Leroy spoke eyeing the kids "Where's your Mother?"
Terror saw both kids look at each other with a narrowed eyed look of a glare before D'Clan looked at Leroy and spoke "Sorry Daddy she's dead." 
Leroy groaned softly as Terror groaned softly recalling that Ellia was still alive contained someplace as his son's children resumed hugging Leroy in response.

Chapter ten
Terror shook his head of the memory while still hearing Sora singing away. He recalled seeing in medical bay Renova stood eyeing the Doctor a female with a Kang marking on her face. The Doctor was talking to one of the medics looking familiar to him having a Kang mark on his face in the room he eavesdropped. 
He saw the Doctor noticed Renova spoke "Commander I like to introduce you to one of the refugees Doctor Chang Yong. He'll be taking over to handle the kids' care due to expertly knowing what their medical problem is at the moment." 
Renova spoke "Pleased to meet you Doctor so status of the pilot?"
Doctor spoke "He's in stable condition and appearing to be unconscious with his injuries unclear. He's actually a Gate Destroyer despite them rumored to be extinct." 
Renova hissed out a breath as the female Doctor pointed to a bed and added "See for yourself." 
Renova walked to the bed and stared at Justen he saw from memory was lying on the bed wearing an odd uniform on his form with a broach making him confused to seeing that uniform on his son. 
Renova spoke out loud "Does he have a name?"
Doctor Yong spoke loudly answering her question "Not really but two of the refugees kids who can communicate via hand language one of them translating have dubbed him by the name of Justen. They refused to say why they dub him that name or say if he talked or not. Them indicating that they met him before but have refused to say where. Also the shuttle answered our distress signal on the planet. Could only hold a limited amount of people to save so the colony's children and I were chosen to go. They went with the sickest of the kids actually." 
Renova spoke "Doctor Yong why were you chosen?"
He replied "I didn't want to go. Since I was the colonists' only medical doctor they were concerned that the children would need medical help so they forced me aboard." 
Renova turned to leave spoke firmly eyeing Doctor Yong "Let me know if the pilot is well enough to wake up." 
She left the room which the female Doctor resumed talking to Doctor Yong telling him of the Annoyov's medical bay's functions he heard. 

Terror found from memory General Leroy arriving and stood in Medical Bay watching the pilot lying on the bed having markings of a Gate Destroyer and showing the male was a rare Human according to tests done onto him.
Leroy spoke loudly "Doctor?"
Leroy waited as the female Doctor arrived speaking "Yes?"
Leroy spoke "Have Justen here be moved to a private room. If anyone objects tell them it was my orders that must be obeyed period."
Doctor spoke "It shall be done General." 
Then she walked away which Terror frowned to think to himself "It shall be done? Sounds telepathic to me."
His eyes widen of shock to mentally snarl from memory "Blast! She's a spy for the Telepaths!"
Terror recalled "A while back seeing Leroy sitting in a bar drinking beer soon after discovering the lost Human colony dead when a Telepath dressed in a uniform of a Telepath's came up to the male. 
The Telepath stood with a hood covering the face he unable to see who it was that spoke in a familiar male voice 'They have awaken the war have begun. It shall be done.'"
The Telepath walked off found Leroy walked out of the bar. The Telepath walked out unstopped males not caring to notice him, him staring at his back which Leroy followed out. Leroy's foot from the scrape sound hit something on the ground. Terror recalled he saw was a broach from memory twin to Justen and his kids were wearing.
Terror saw the Telepath stood outside that stopped walking to turn facing in a direction as if seeing him spying that spoke "Don't trust those you expect trust from." 
He saw Leroy act as if he sensed a presence behind the male only to get hit on the back of the head followed by going unconscious. Terror then recalled Leroy woke up in some medical facility stripped of his clothes leaving him only clad in his underwear and the memory of the Telepath in his mind. He frowned at the memory running through him to recall that the Telepath male sounded familiar but couldn't place him. Terror sighed and felt a hand on his arm to look seeing it belonged to Leader Lave awake from his cylinder. Leader Lave via his eyes was giving him a creepy narrowed all black eyed look making him nervous unexpectedly. Terror looked away as Leader Lave's hand become tighter onto his arm. He resumed looking at Leader Lave he noticed was dressed in Justen and his kids' uniform complete with the broach that gave him a glare expecting him to talk.
Terror spoke firmly in Agamemnon the language of the Humans "What is it you expect me to tell you on?"
He glared at Leader Lave feeling himself no longer creep out but annoyed to hear "General Leroy's death. You saw what happened to him so talk now."
He exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak the story.

Chapter eleven
General Leroy spoke noticing T'La in Medical Bay with him "T'La there's some things I want you to know but when we're in some place private. I'll tell you, you get it my words?"
Leroy saw T'La nod her head in understanding. Leroy turned to eye nurses arrived with a gurney to put Justen onto it. He eyed T'La looking annoyed by the expression on her face. Leroy frowned as the nurses brought Justen out of sight into a hallway. Leroy restrained T'La from following by having a hand on her arm as she folded her arms giving the male a glare. 
The General spoke "Sorry kid but he has questions that must be answered." 
T'La nod her head in agreement with the glare still on her face-"
Terror got interrupted by Sora singing "You're stalling on telling the story Terror as you wish to be called so tell it now!"
He obeyed.

Leroy appeared to frown as the male added while in the garden with T'La "It was back then when I was living on a colony world changed from deadness status to living status with my wife Ellia. Soon before thrust to care for the both of you. It was three months before the Commandant took control of the Humans and their forces as their leader. I called to General leadership's duty to fight the Telepath leader out of position. I remembered being at one side of the house busy doing the chore of painting when I heard my wife screaming loudly. I grabbed my projectile gun to come into view finding a male in a black uniform I later learned was of a Telepath. He was holding a girl child in his arms with a standing boy child clinging to the male's leg. The male have an all black eyed look Ellia was acting frightened to see. 
I glared at the male pointing my projectile gun at the man and spoke 'What do you want and get out?!' 
I eyed the male that thrust the young girl child with black eyes towards Ellia and gestured via hand signs to take. The male included hand gesturing towards the boy child also having black eyes to take. I found myself not protesting to that took the children to watch the stranger walk away going into the forest disappearing out of sight."
Leroy added "I wound up coming upon a male Gate Destroyer that acted threatening towards me. That while trying to kidnap my children from a walk in the forest together to go fishing once you and your brother were old enough to walk with me. I had a gun on my person pointed the projectile weapon aimed at the Gate Destroyer. 
I gave up the threat 'Let go of my children or I'll shoot you to death with my projectile gun.' 
I found the Gate Destroyer gave me a glare in response to let go of the children and run a finger over the throat area pointing a finger aimed at me before disappearing from eyesight. I managed to put away my gun and took you children by the arms out away from the area into the house-"
Terror got interrupted by Sora speaking "You're again stalling."
He spoke firmly "I'm trying to get to the point of the story actually. Excuse me. I saw T'La tapped Leroy on the arm shaking him of looking shocked which the male released her arm to fold his arms. I sensing she seemed furious with Leroy having to touch her by the wiping gesture on her arm where Leroy touched her and giving him angry looks. 
Leroy spoke "Just old memories coming to mind sorry T'La. I'll tell you about it in private later."
He walked out of the medical bay to turn around seeing T'La hadn't followed. He gave her a glare along with making a come gesture to see her fold her arms and follow him out to his order. Declan dubbing himself D'Clan came into medical bay soon after that. 
He stopped the female Doctor and spoke to her "Have you seen General Leroy?"
She spoke loudly "Computer location of General Leroy?"
He heard in response "Garden." 
The Doctor as assumed was her position gave D'Clan instructions of where to go which he obeyed. He walking slowly among the crowd in the area and running fast once alone to reach the garden's entrance to dart among bushes looking for T'La's signs she visibly left. 
D'Clan came upon a Tennan that spoke "Follow we. We know where you seek."
He obeyed following the Tennan till he heard the General's voice speaking 'T'La that's what I want you to do."

Terror spoke "The story of what I told you regarding the General adopting T'La and D'Clan was what he told her."
He again got Sora's stalling comment to continue on speaking the story.

D'Clan was heard called out "Hey Dad!"
He heard in response "Oh Declan has decided to join us judging by hearing him." 
D'Clan joined them both to see T'La sign some gesture saying "Kill him."
D'Clan seen signing telling her "I'll handle doing that as ordered."
D'Clan wound up seen hugged Leroy sticking his fingernails in the male's back including a needle from a syringe in the process. Then let go of him to stare at him with a frown expression on his face. Making it seem like he was innocent in the fingernail digging. 
He eyed Leroy as the General rubbed his arm and spoke "It's good seeing you both after awhile of not able to see you. I'm glad to see you again. Just shocking that your back in my life despite reportedly declared dead from the colony world. I as your Father missed you terribly." 
T'La made gestures with her signing "He's not our Father."
The General who was seen stopped rubbing his arm and groaned loudly while bending down clutching at his chest. The male was appearing to have trouble breathing. 
D'Clan and T'La backed up as the General edged himself towards them groaning loudly "A little help here kids as your Father." 
D'Clan shook his head and spoke "I would if I could General Leroy but you're not our Father anyway."
The General's face formed a shocked expression who fell to kneel while still gasping for air as D'Clan continued "We have orders that we must obey period. One of them-"
A Tennan came into view that spoke "Leave now! Doctor suspicious! Tracker on him!"
D'Clan jabbed a finger towards General Leroy to see T'La in a fast move inject the male with a syringe via neck area contents going into him. They both ran darting away further into the garden. They ran till they neared the entrance and slowed down their running to walk aimlessly. They signing to each other nothing but talk on hoping to meet their real Father soon as they could. 
Medics came into view one holding a device in his hand while pushing a gurney who spoke loudly "Tracker is indicating his life signs are failing fast! Come on now lets hurry!"
The medics seen running away into the bushes still carrying their equipment.
T'La was seen signed to her brother "General put Justen in a private room on his orders. He refused to let me follow to find out where the medics put him Hmph." 
D'Clan signed back "Don't worry his location will be pointed out to us by the appropriate people once we're there."

Terror stopped talking to frown while giving Leader Lave a glare and spoke "That's the story of how General Leroy died. He was assassinated by two kids taught by the Commandant influencing them to become assassins. They kill without remorse. It's something I saw from T'La aka The Little Assassin and D'Clan aka Deadly Assassin. Hence they influenced to join your religious belief by the uniform of the Skulls your wearing Leader Lave as you call yourself. It's the Skulls' uniform dubbing themselves Leaders despite referred as Skulls."
He glared at Leader Lave to hear from Sora "Leave the room Leader Lave. Handle punishing the Leaders answering to the names of T'La and D'Clan contained somewhere within here. The Leaders are not in their cell at the moment despite not sensing them there."
Terror spoke seeing Leader Lave walking away "Try the ducts behind the walls. The kids kind of like enclosed spaces like that to sleep in. They despise airy rooms for sleeping in. They admitted to me that their bothered by airy rooms for sleeping in. Doesn't matter how many blankets they use. This still bothers them."
He eyed Leader Lave walking behind Sora to find her blocking his view of the male leaving the room despite hearing a faint squeaking sound. He again got the familiar music sounding from Sora to resume looking out the window at the raging maelstrom of golden clouds in the sky. Terror grunted feeling himself unable to see anything via his All Seeing One ability. 
He heard from Sora "Tell me a story Terror." 
Terror spoke from memory fully in his mind. 

Chapter twelve
From space came a ball of light hitting a planet. It crashed in a sandy ground making a crater and an explosion of spraying sands. Then coming out of the crater was an Earthari, a male in black clothing, torn with blood and dirt on his face staggered from the crater. Dropping his helmet he paused panting and gasping for breath. 
"Uh" he said groaning. 
The sun was setting behind the sandy ground far on the horizon. The man exhaled air groaning in pain. He started walking down the hill staggering. He tripped and fell tumbling down the hill. At the hill's bottom he struggled to stand. The blood from his wounds was creating a red stain on his black ripped clothing. As he stood standing, he started walking on the sandy ground. The Earthari was Justen my son I recognized him. He kept on walking in the sandy ground till something like lightening hit him from behind making him collapsed onto the ground. Fishla males wearing Skull masks and Skull's uniforms arrived carrying gun weapons. They grabbed Justen and hauled him into a ship that appeared to belong to them. They got him inside the ship that flew into the sky towards an asteroid in the sky and entered it. The Fishla got Justen out and with knives stripped him of every article of clothing. They got him naked and then chained him to a wooden bed. Justen’s eyes opened. He was lying on a wooden bed with restraints on him. Looking around the room was completely dark except for a circular ray of light that shined on him. Surrounding him were white hooded figures with strange writing on them. One held up a triangle like object at him as he was tipped over to face the floor. He screamed as he felt pain from the object touching the back of his neck. He struggled to free himself but felt himself going insane as the pain intense and he fell unconscious. 

Justen woke up chained to a metal stand as lightening from guns zapping him. 
He spoke in Gate Destroyers' growling language "Stop that torture now! We Humans aren't the Spiders! Stop trying to destroy us Humans!"
Justen kept repeating his words over and over as various torture was done onto him. Such as whipping his back, cutting it with knifes. He wound up repeating his words over and over despite the torture done onto his back. 
Till Leader Lave walked into sight towards him underneath a spotlight with eyes of a Telepath speaking in Fishla's hissing language "This Human is serious on what's he's saying. He's refusing to change his story despite the numerous tortures done onto him."
Justen wound up freed from the chains to stand glaring at Leader Lave who kept the Telepath eyes appearing to be talking to my son mentally on something who kept the glare but refrained from showing anger in his eyes. 
He didn't say a word as Leader Lave spoke hissing "I recommended that we have Justen as he wishes to be called introduced to the others."
Justen wound up looking shocked as a light shined I unable to see what it was.
Terror paused from his story to glare at Sora which he spoke "It was you he saw wasn't it?"'
He glared at her who sang "What was the Earthari's reaction towards Justen being in their presence after we returned him hmm?"
Terror felt annoyance take hold she avoiding his question to speak another story.

Justen woke up with anger. He was lying on a metal board. He couldn't move. There were metal restraints holding him, on his wrists and legs. Looking around he could see that he was in what seemed to be a large dark room. A circle of light shined on him. Figures in black uniforms and hooded stood faintly in the darkness. One of the black figures walked forward. The figure held up a thick triangle like object with both hands. It glowed as a ray of light came from it. It shined blinding him. Justen acted like he suddenly remembered memories coming to his mind.
He yelled "Ahh!" 
As pain came suddenly to his head and it gave him a headache and made him angrier. Cursing in a language he didn't know Justen started struggling. A figure in black came running forward as Justen freed his arms and legs. Justen wretched himself free of the metal bounds that held him. He got up from the board as the first of black figures came to him. Some instinct he didn't know came to him. With a swat of his arm the figure was thrown backwards in the air and hit the floor hard. The noise echoed. Justen's eyes glowed gold color as he knocked figures swatting with his arms. One of the figures stood in the background. Justen's eyes stared as a feeling came, a feeling that made him storm to the figure. Pain came to his neck. Justen flinched and reached up and felt a small object jutting from his neck. Yanking it out Justen saw it was a small canister vial with a needle pointing out from it. It was a dart of some kind. A movement pass the black figure caught his eye and he saw a figure wearing dark clothing stood. A wave of sleepiness came to Justen. Dropping the dart, Justen staggered and dropped to his knees onto the floor. His vision became blurry with dizziness. Someone came running past the figure a blur of grey. He felt hands of someone, a female, he sensed grabbing him. Justen didn't resist for he sensed the hands belonged to someone familiar. The hands pulled him to a shoulder. He automatically put his hand on her and felt movement coming from her stomach area where his hand was. He sensed that this female was expecting. His head rested as long hair that seemed brown fell in his face as his eyes closed. The woman's chin rested on his head as she held him. A figure stood next to her. 
A male voice spoke "Diana, he will be alright. We will take care of him."
The woman didn't answer but cradled Justen in her arms. 

Voices speaking in tones woke him up. 
They were saying "We did it, the One lives again."
Justen found he was bound to the board by metal again but restraints were added to his neck, chest and legs. His eyes glowed golden. His face had the look of anger as he struggled to free himself. A hand closed on his fisted right hand. He stopped struggling and stared. It was a woman dressed in gray and prodding from her dress was a visible bump of her with child. She had brown hair and green Human colored eyes. In place of her ears were fish scales and fins prodding out. She stared back at him with her green eyes. She edged her left hand to his face. Justen ripped his right arm out of bounds, yanking his hand from her grip. His hand grabbed her throat. She stiffed then her hand touched his cheek. Her eyes showed concern. A feeling of confusion came to Justen as pain in his head came as the ray of the thick triangle light shined on him. 
"Uh." he spoke as he yanked his hand from her throat to his face covering his eyes. Groaning in pain he slowly pulled his hand from his face. His eyes were blinking black Human eyes. He turned his head and stared at the woman.
He spoke "Diana."
The woman, Diana spoke "Justen."
She stroked his cheek as she held his hand. Justen found the restraints freed of his body as he got up from the metal bed to look around. He found one of the black hooded figures walking forwards towards him. He eyed the figure who removed a hood showing a familiar face he showing recognition in his eyes he saw was a Telepath and not the Commandant. 
Justen didn't say a word as the Telepath reached him to speak verbalizing words "Talk to me on why your wearing a uniform alien to us with that broach on you?"
Terror heard Sora's singing vibrating within his skull making his teeth chatter to glare at her. 
He glared as she sang "Enough of the story now."
Terror glared at Sora and spoke "Must you Fishla be interested in the affairs of Justen and his children?"
Sora he eyed appearing to not hear him gave a frown look on her face then continued singing at a louder tone. Terror grimaced from the singing that vibrated via his skull as he sensed an entity a Tennan's egg inside him gathering information. 
He mentally ordered towards the egg "Leave! Their aware of you inside me! Get out now!"
Terror found himself shaking his head from the entity detected leaving him while seeing the egg shatter into pieces by Sora's vibrating musical tones.
He heard from Sora once she quit her vibrating music "Go find a place to sleep now."
Terror felt a compulsion to look down obeyed finding a blanket lying on the floor next to him. He figured that one of the female Fishla had placed it there. He laid his form down and he shut his eyes as if needing to do it still hearing Sora's singing. Terror found himself unable to see anything further than what memory popped up in his mind as he slept passing out unconscious. 

Chapter thirteen
Terror woke up feeling a vibration via his skull making him grit his teeth. He jerked open his eyes to glare at Sora he assumed was her still hovering above him with a hand on his shoulder shaking him. He felt the vibrating singing quit to his relief to get up giving her a glare in response feeling himself annoyed with her and her endless musical singing.
Terror spoke firmly "Cut the blasted singing now! The noise is bothering me!"
He glared at Sora who spoke in response "Why?"
Terror heard the tone sounded of a child's musical tone to him seeing Sora's face change into a Human expression of pleading from the looks of it.
Sora continued speaking "Why?"
He snarled loudly feeling anger taken hold "I can't see further than my own eyes with that blasted singing of yours blocking me from looking! So stop it now!"
He glared at Sora that shifted her face into a glare of anger on her face with her Human blue eyes turn all white colored making him nervous unexpectedly.
Terror heard from Sora an angry musical tone "You answered your question Terror. Never ask me to quit my blasted singing as you refer it."
He spoke forcing himself to be calm instead of angry "What's the point of hiding the universe from me? I can tell you lots of things from my All Seeing One ability. Nothing can be hidden from me. Anything you wanted to know-"
He was interrupted by a singing sound from Sora vibrating via his skull making his teeth chatter.
He added "Alright. Sorry Sora. You had your point. If you let me see I would have known what's this place is containing and would have interfered. You don't trust me not to see what's going on within here anyway."
Terror got from Sora in response "Trust Terror. Trust yourself in the One to forgive."
He glared at Sora hearing her words to speak "Always never explain anything towards me. You Fishla are always the same speaking in riddles and never giving out a straight answer."
He gave up a loud sound of disgust to shift glaring out the window while eyeing his reflection of a Human male with facial hair gone from his face to his confusion. Terror frowned finding a Kang mark on his face as he folded his arms to spot an Elric mark on his arm on one side of him. He looked away to stare at Sora ignoring him staring seeing her form a thoughtful expression on her face while still singing away. Terror rubbed a hand on his cheek where the Kang mark was discovering the area was bare of markings or scarring to his relief. He eyed his arm on the same side to discover it was bare of Elric markings. Terror rubbed his face feeling for his facial hair to discover his face felt smoothly shaven from the feel. He kept on rubbing his face where the facial hair was to feel it was gone from him. He resumed looking at the window to spot a reflection of himself appearing to look like a Gate Destroyer he saw with recognition had Justen's face despite the eyes seen in the image widening the eyes. Terror placed a hand onto the window to see it flicker like a monitor screen showing the image followed by blueness screen. He felt rage taking control again gave Sora a glare of accusation as he kept his hand onto the window still flickering away. Sora, he saw ignored him glaring at her. She remained on singing away while still displaying that thoughtful expression on her Human like face. Terror gave up a loud Hmph sound getting Sora displaying an angry expression with eyes still all white colored.
He heard her "Trust into the One, Terror, to forgive."
Terror didn't say a word in response shifted to glare at the window still flickering from his hand. He removed his hand to glare at the image of the Gate Destroyer's reflection onto the window. He noticed was Justen from the looks of him displaying various emotions on his face. Terror continued to glare Justen seen on the window seeing his son was dressed in a uniform twin to Leader Lave's. He looked down at himself to discover he was dressed in only a pair of shorts he recognized came from being a convict in the Fire Wheel's colony planet. Terror glared at the image of Justen he noticed was appearing to be looking at himself with shock on his face. He forced himself to be calm as he kept an eye onto Justen's image finding his son was displaying ranges of emotions on his face while appearing to be examining himself as a Gate Destroyer. He kept on watching the reflection image as if needing to do it. Justen he saw kept the examination seemingly lengthy before the image went away after seeing his son form a determined look on his face. Terror kept his eyes onto the window finding it refused to display any further images of Justen he hoped. He felt annoyance take hold folded his arms while feeling them smooth to the touch and no longer hairy. He eyed his body to discover the hairy parts of him were appearing to be shaved off including his shoulder length black hair leaving him bald.
Terror rubbed hands onto his head speaking towards Sora "Was shaving my head necessary?"
He got nothing in response from her but her thoughtful expression while still singing away. Terror kneeled in response sideways facing Sora and shut his eyes forcing himself to mediate as if needing to do it to find himself sliding to the floor going unconscious.

Terror jerked in his sleep as he dreamed of a young male wearing a thin brown robe that showed his facial's features while putting on a blindfold over the eyes. The young male had completely black hair short making him seem familiar to him despite putting on the blindfold covering up his blue Human like eyes. Then the blindfold was yanked off and he was staring at a young female with black hair and had his eyes that creep him out. She was he saw standing there staring at him in an apparent cave judging by the rocky walls. Lying on the floor was a mattress with a blanket on it. He saw the chains binding the young male's wrists together released and looked to see the black hooded figures that were escorting him leave the small cave. 
One of them spoke in a male voice “You will mate with her or suffer Barron, the machine.” 
Terror exhaled a breath hearing the voice sounded like Fishla by the tone to him. Then they left the cave through the entrance. He saw the young male flinched hearing the metal door slam shut. He looked around the cave to see glow lamps were hung on the walls as the ceiling he saw was covered with wooden slats. There was a rugged floor that seemed like fur to his bare feet. The young female looked at the young male with a fearful expression in her face. He could see that she was wearing an identical thin robe of brown that highlighted her Human figure. It showed her heaving chest too detailed. Terror eyed the young male who went to the entrance of the cave and raised a hand on the door. 
He heard the young female speak “Don’t. It’s electric.”
Terror frowned finding the language was Agamemnon as the young male spoke curtly in twin language “Fine.”
The young female was heard asked “You have a name?”
The young male answered “Its Terror like they dub me around here.” 
Terror stiffened realizing it was a memory of something important. 
He eyed the young female who spoke “I was given the name of Screamer.”
Terror found the young male ordered “Let’s get this mating over with.”
The young male walked towards the young female he assumed was named Screamer from being fearful who stood staring at him with a shocked expression on her face. Terror found the young male took her in his arms and hugged her. The tip of her head came up to the young male's mouth line. He saw the male picked her up and lowered her to the bed. He could see her shiver as she stared at the male's face. Sighing loudly the male lowered his mouth to the female and was kissing her on the lips. This was followed by stripping themselves of their robes and then mating both appearing to enjoy it.

Chapter fourteen
Terror came to feeling the familiar vibration within his skull again jerked open his eyes to glare at Sora. He discovering himself lying on a blanket it covering him from the chest down. He glared at Sora who quit the annoying vibrating to continue on singing as he got up discovering himself still clad in his shorts. He felt his head discovering he was no longer bald with shoulder length hair intact as usual with hair still shaved off of his face. He felt his face to feel his eyebrows discovering them trimmed from the feel making him further annoyed to feel. Terror glared at Sora who ignored him by seeing her form a thoughtful expression on her face and appeared to be singing away. He shifted to glare at the window finding Justen's image again onto it showing his son was still displaying that determination look on his face. He noticed that Justen had appeared to be accepting himself as a Gate Destroyer by the look on his face. 
Terror forced himself to kneel facing Sora as if needing to do it he recalling the dream of the couple mating "It's my origins of how I came to exist. The dream is of my parents mating with each other as ordered by the Fishla species."
He found himself not sure of what he was thinking to shut his eyes to concentrate onto the dream fully. Terror saw the young male this time had his black Human eyes and his face shocking him. Terror continued to focus onto the dream seeing himself ordered by the Fishla to mate with the young female a Fishla from the looks of her in a humanoid body despite having colorful rainbow scales with webbed hands and feet. 
He exhaled a breath recalling fully why he was mating with the female Fishla "It's on the orders of the Skull who had me mate with her after capturing me on Fire Wheel's colony. I got knocked out by the Fire Wheel. They kept me alive to mate with a Fishla female or what's left of them. One of the males confessed that the females were dying out. None of the males thought of implantation or medical advances to save them. Instead they had me mate with their female that created something else from the mating."
He jerked open his eyes to stare at Sora with shock seeing her fully with his face he saw to realize with a start "Sora and the females appearing to be angelic beings are descendants of the mating I had with this Fishla female that produced them. The male Fishla aren't actually recognizing them as what's left of their females instead are dying out rejecting them hence Leader Lave's creation to help them recognize this. "
Terror exhaled another breath to frown staring at Sora who faded from view he still hearing her singing discovered himself clad in his ragged animal skinned clothes the Tennans had him wear. He felt the top of his head to feel his shoulder length hair was still there but his beard and mustache was gone from his face as he felt his cheek feeling nothing to indicate a Kang mark. He felt his arms to feel nothing to indicate an Elric mark. 
Terror exhaled a breath and forced himself to sit crossed legged figuring to himself "I must have solved Sora's riddle. I might as well see what's going on."
He found his seeing ability still not there to his annoyance as he again felt the familiar vibration through his skull blinked his eyes. Terror found himself lying on the floor still clad in his shorts from the feel with no hair on his face he felt from the feel to feel annoyed as he eyed Sora.
He heard from Sora "Eat, drink, take it in now."
Terror found a tray holding dishware of food in front of him that he recognized was Fishla's main diet of foods. He took the silverware and forced himself to take in the food taking his time and drinking the drink till once done. He got up finding a bucket slamming down next to him which he looked up discovering nothing but blackness that appeared to be like a black cloud to him. Terror eyed the bucket with annoyance figuring out what it was for. 

Terror kneeled while staring at the wall back to Sora he not inclined to face her. He continued to stare at the wall till he shut his eyes to focus onto his memories fully in his mind. 
He found nothing come to his mind only to hear "Trust into the One to forgive."
Terror opened his eyes feeling annoyance take hold from Sora's wording who continued on her singing. He got up with a growl to glare at Justen's image in the window. He saw his son had disbelief on his face followed by a look of belief after examining himself as a Gate Destroyer. Terror recalled the story he told of Justen waking up while in the presences of the Telepaths and Diana. 
He recalled the words spoken used to speak "Trust into the One to forgive."
Terror grunted as he felt the familiar vibration via his skull shifted to glare at Sora having anger on her face looking twin to his face with her eyes still all white looking. 
He spoke "I said what you said daughter dear."
He got from Sora forming a thoughtful expression and singing "Yes trust the One."
Terror exhaled a breath finding Sora was again not going to explain her words as she kept on singing. He formed a glare to kneel facing her and shut his eyes. Terror recalled his name Terror was from the Telepaths naming him that instead of naming him All Seeing One the Tennans' named him. He exhaled a breath to recall a memory as if compelled to let it through involving the Humans and their creation to their species now.

Terror saw Connor Elric standing on the deck of the Agamemnon a sea vessel that was going through the sea up and down in violence. He went to Connor the Captain of the vessel to find the male was groaning seeing him forming a grimace on his face. 
Terror held up a syringe in his hand and spoke "Your arm, Captain."
He formed a glare on his face finding the Captain obeying to roll his sleeve. 
He injected the syringe into the Captain's arm as he spoke "The vaccine to the plague should work this time Captain. They need you to lead us despite I nothing but a medical doctor."
Terror found the Captain rolling up his sleeve after he injected the contents the male speaking "I hope to the All Seeing One that this would help. I don't want to let the refugees down, Doctor Zianan."
Terror stiffened to the name of Doctor Zianan to find himself speaking "You should be lying down instead of out in this storm. I can't say what will be the side effects to the vaccine will be. You're the first I've injected so far."
He found Captain giving him a glare he spoke again after the look became glaring "Yes I injected the vaccine myself and into Commander Belgor Kang. He was hounding me for a vaccine for the plague. He refused to let me sleep until I found a vaccine for the plague in question. I injected him with a lower dosage of the vaccine including myself. You have the higher dosage actually. You are valued and needed to lead us actually."
He eyed Captain who didn't say a word walked away with him following. Terror found the memory shifted to show both the Captain and Commander Belgor Kang lying on beds groaning loudly. Belgor Kang he saw was having the mark of Kang on his cheek while Captain was showing the mark of Elric on his arm. He saw himself injecting a syringe into his arm taking out blood and then injected it into Captain's arm without the Elric mark seen. Terror watched as himself took out the syringe and injected it into his own arm before injecting it into Belgor's arm followed by hearing silence from both males but deep breathing. Terror looked away as if drawn to spot a mirror showing a face he recognized as his with Justen's hair and style while wearing a doctor's uniform on his form. He spotted a name tag on the coat that took him a moment to read what it said in the Ancient Human language.
Terror spoke out loud "Doctor Ridgen Zianan."
He jerked open his eyes to discover Leader Lave was back giving him a glare with Telepath's eyes as Sora ignored him while still singing away. 
Terror got up from kneeling to glare at Leader Lave who spoke "Talk on the name you said."
He inhaled and spoke the memory fully in mind before stopping his talk. He wound up to hearing a faint roaring noise for it sounded of a Gate Destroyer roaring of anger to him. The roaring noise got louder and louder he finding Sora's singing cutting off as Leader Lave looked away before resuming looking at him ignoring the noise. Terror eyed Leader Lave who he noticed didn't look concerned to the roaring noise that quit followed by Sora resuming her annoying singing.
He glared at Leader Lave finding himself annoyed with the male who spoke "Anything you're not admitting hmm? The Gate Destroyers contained can hear us talking. Their roaring is indicating that you're hiding something so talk now, Terror."
Terror exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak his memory of mating with a female Fishla he saw as at first via mind as a Human female. 
He spoke "The females were dying out sick. The males were blaming themselves for causing the sickness and dying out as confessed to me via female during a mating. The males had me mate with what's left of their females living. The mating created Sora and her people hence I understanding what's she's saying."
He heard silence to frown eyeing Leader Lave who spoke "Alright the assassins that took out General Leroy have been dealt with punishments. They admit the assassination was on the Commandant's orders. He's now dead. Something you Earthari don't have to worry about anyway."
Terror kept his mouth into a thin line as Leader Lave paused he hearing a familiar Gate Destroyer's roaring noises sounding loudly. He glared at Leader Lave while folding his bare arms to find the male without a word walking around Sora who again blocked his view by giving him an angry expression. Terror resumed looking at the window again to find Justen's image showing the familiar expressions on his son's face. 
He spoke firmly "Justen was created from me mating with a Tennan animal style that is actually all females despite having a male form on the outside. The Tennan birthed Justen via body destroying herself as in exploding apart despite showing signs of Human's pregnancy. Her pregnancy lasted three planetary Terra standard days before the destruction took her out birthing him in an adult's body. It's like her body shifted into Justen's body actually from the destruction. I'm not sure why but Justen didn't want anything to do with the Tennans in question judging by his behavior-"
He was interrupted by the familiar roaring noise sounding again found Leader Lave next to him giving him a narrowed eyed glare in response. 
Terror gulped and spoke firmly "The Spiders you refer them and the Tennans are the same species."
He found the roaring quit to his relief followed by Sora resuming her singing to speak firmly towards Leader Lave "I valued Justen. I would do anything to assure of his well being even cause pain towards the Tennans if they were doing something inappropriate towards him. They caused me pain of hooking him into a machine they refer as their Queen as her heart."
Terror continued talking ignoring Leader Lave glaring at him "The Queen with the hookup of a Human wound up used to create their space ships and weapons of destruction. The entity balls are actually their eggs that are actually living computers. The eggs inside humanoids can collect information from minds of their victims and then transport themselves out once the information is gathered done. All the Tennans have to do towards gaining the information is touch an egg with their hands that'll shift into a Tennan. The Tennan once out of the egg shape will have the information fully in mind to go to the Queen to link up mind to mind with her. The Queen will transmit the information to all Tennans who's within vicinity of her will instantly know the information."
He continued talking feeling a hand touching his bare shoulder he ignored while eyeing Leader Lave "I know that the Tennans not within vicinity of the Queen's eyesight won't know the information transmitted to them. They'll only have to gain the information if they come into the Queen's eyesight she transmitting it to them."
Terror felt the hand become a Tennan's claw to look off his left glaring at the Tennan who spoke "All Seeing One secret kept no telling now."
He blinked his eyes to discover himself chained to a hard bed from the feel of its hardness while jerking open his eyes. Terror looked around to discover himself underneath a spotlight he clad in clothes on his form that he recognized wasn't his animal skin clothing the Tennans had him wear. He looked around with confusion to find a white hooded figure walking into view holding a large thick triangle white object he recognized that was dubbed Barron by the Telepaths. 
Terror grimaced recalling "The Barron is used for mind wiping the minds of people which doesn't matter the species of memories they don't want them to remember."
He grimaced as the felt the bed tipped over till he was facing the floor appearing to look rocky and dirt of sand to him. He felt the top part of the metal bed removed followed by hands gloved grabbing his head holding it in place. Terror grimaced as he felt a stinging pain of a needle like dart hitting the back of his neck that traveled up towards the back of his head. He grimaced fully on his face as the needles were felt burying themselves into his skin followed by pain of a terrible headache hitting him. Terror grunted loudly as the pain got worse followed by a blinding headache as light blared into his eyesight. He heard wind howling along with feeling his face something landed onto his face making him confused for a moment. Terror lurched up with a start discovering himself on sandy ground underneath the glaring blinding sunlight. He squinted from the sunlight's glare he realizing he was underneath a spotlight as nighttime blared. Terror found figures running into view underneath the spotlight he saw with a sigh recognizing them as T'La and D'Clan who grabbed his arms pulling him up. He allowed the two to pull him out of the spotlight he finding night vision flaring in his eyesight highlighting everything in the color of green. Terror found the kids leading him to a shuttle appearing to belong to the Humans from the looks of it which he got aboard and strapped himself in via seat. He found the kids doing the strapping in next to him as he shut his eyes to concentrate his All Seeing One ability onto the planet. Terror found via his mind a familiar Human warship orbiting the planet. It had the signs of the Commandant's warship the Psychopath escorted by fighters gathered around. The fighters escorted the shuttle he saw was piloted by Justen to board the ship. He focused onto the bridge of the ship finding the Commandant wasn't in sight only a female with a Telepath's uniform complete with black eyes and long brown hair. She was on the bridge with the crew of Humans both Kangs and Elrics none of them looking nervous to her commanding them. Terror opened his eyes as the shuttle boarded the warship. He got handed the familiar weights for his ankles to keep him from floating by Justen walking up towards him handing him the objects. He put them on expertly and got out of the seat to follow Justen and kids out of the shuttle to the ship. He noticing various crew members doing salutes aimed at his son as they walked by him. 
Terror didn't say a word in response went to the bridge to hear from the female Telepath she seeing him "Ah the famous Terror as the two assassins, or should I say, Leaders named you. It's a no wonder the two Leaders insisted with begging and threats on coming to this planet. Hostile to Human life to find you there. It's surprising that you managed to survive the intense heat. It's known to dry a man of thirstiness. My gift to you, do it now."
Terror found Justen restraining him from behind as one of the crew members came into view holding a familiar object he recognized as Barron. Terror saw it glowing to grunt as memories flashed into his mind. He grunted jerking his head up as memories of who he really was flashed into his mind while shutting his eyes. 
He realized with a start "I'm one of the last of the Ancients in a Human form dubbed by the name of Terror. The Human species identified me and my people as the Ancients. Some advance form of Human with mental abilities that died out on Terra causing the plague in the process." 
Terror found himself recalling "I found myself identifying with Doctor Ridgen Zianan. I creator of the now Human species, refugees of a plague on the sea vessel, the Agamemnon. I realized with shock was myself doing the creation while pretending to be the doctor." 
Terror continued to grunt realizing with a start thinking to himself "I killed Doctor Ridgen Zianan. Took his place using myself as the vaccine to the plague after the sickness appeared it wasn't affecting me. I created from my own blood the Kangs, the Elrics, and the Gate Destroyers. The Soulers themselves were actually children of the Ancients. They were aboard the Agamemnon in hiding as Humans that revealed themselves once the change was obvious. The Soulers made themselves appear to be a part of the creation I did. They wound up revering a descendant of me dubbed by the name of Gallee Zianan born through a Souler female. The Souler female who Gallee himself saw as his Mother when she was actually their oldest Souler and leader of them."
Terror grunted again while lowering his head opening his eyes to feel Justen's grip off of his arms. 
He folded his arms while eyeing the female Telepath who spoke "I hope this gift I give you helps you remember what you've forgotten Ancient One."
Terror exhaled a breath hearing her speak the reverence name for the Ancients. He again gave a head gesture in the Ancients' way of acknowledging her talk she not looking shocked to see him do that. 
He heard multiple gasping sounds after he gave the head gesture to hear from her again "Why so surprised people? He's an Ancient One from the looks of him actually. I figured he's one of them from the looks of him not displaying anything regarding any of the Human species in question."
Terror didn't comment a response to find the gasping sounds quit to his relief. He found Justen next to him with arms folded who gave him a look he recognized was of respects. He kept his mouth shut in response as he looked around the bridge finding the female Telepath going to sit down in the Captain's chair.
She heard speaking "Head to the travel gate now. Set course for Zarghuna."
Terror eyed the view screen showing outside via recording view to find the ship the Psychopath going to a travel gate two pieces of metal forming a square away from each other. He eyed the travel gate that flashed lights of green indicating it was safe for a ship to use them for going through. 
He recalling "Red lights means a ship is coming through. Green lights means it's safe for a ship to go through."
Terror eyed the view screen to find the warship going through the travel gate. He saw the screen showed star lights via there become streaks like thunder and lightening flashing as the Psychopath went through space in a fast dizzying move. 
He found the view screen showing the lightening repeatedly over and over till he heard "Approaching Zarghuna readying ship for orbiting maneuver."
Terror kept his eyes onto the view screen as the Telepath commander spoke "Contact Annoyov Barrack Station's Commander for permission to have a shuttle land now."
He found her looking at him "Justen, take the Ancient One and your kids to the station. I insist. I don't think a warship is a suitable environment for you, your kids and the Ancient One to remain on anyway."
Terror exhaled a breath finding Justen agreeing by the look on his face. He noticed T'La and D'Clan not in sight but scraping sounds from above he noticed ductwork in the ceiling.
Terror recalled "Kids must have contained themselves into the ductwork out of traveling around the warship."
He wordlessly followed Justen to the shuttle finding the kids already inside buckled up. He didn't comment a response buckled himself up into a seat and waited patiently as the warship was felt stopping followed by the shuttle moving to become planet bound. Terror felt himself relieved to feel gravity again pinning him to the seat. He concentrated his All Seeing One power onto the terminal of the land bound station. He found a female Kang he recognized as Commander Yana Renova with a glare on her face standing in the terminal accepting shuttles landing to the station as people walked by her. Terror shifted away as the shuttle landed followed by the thump of the landing. He got up yanking off the ankle weights while following the kids to find Justen following taking up the rear. Terror kept his mouth shut as they entered the station to notice Humans doing double take looks and gasps while eyeing Justen ignoring him and the kids. He saw the Humans doing whispering whenever they went by them till the group reached Renova who did a double take look seeing Justen.
Terror got from Renova "Hmph. A Gate Destroyer that's a Leader from the looks of him. I never thought I would see the day of that happening. Ugh. Leader Gate Destroyer you'll find your people hiding somewhere around here. I'm not at the liberty to say where as an agreement with them for the sake of peace as this place is for. Just watch out for the nosiness and the jokers manipulating things around here with their jokes. The jokers like to make people angry without warning unexpectedly. Sorry can't say who they are for speaking who will bring bad luck for they always know of it firmly."
Terror found Renova looking at him in the eyes despite her heard emphasizing the word joke. He frowned seeing her followed by looking at him up and down he finding himself still clad in his animal skin clothing and boots felt on his feet. 
He heard from her "By what name does you call yourself for being an apparent hybrid Human from the looks of you?"
Terror frowned as he felt a hand clamp over his mouth his eyes spotted a Gate Destroyer hidden with black eyes to find the male putting a finger to his lips and shaking his head in a no gesture. 
Terror eyed D'Clan in response to get from the kid speaking appearing to see the hidden Gate Destroyer "His name is Terror. That's all we can get from him. He doesn't talk much. I'll give up trying to get him to talk, Commander. Terror always gets whoever tries to get him to talk a victim of bad luck actually. I'm not even sure of what bad luck it is but I hear it involves their greatest fear coming true."
Terror found the Gate Destroyer's hand off his mouth as he formed a thin line while eyeing Renova who gave up a loud Hmph sound.
She followed by adding "Leaders, except Terror and Gate Destroyer, come with me to the Command Center. Leader Lave insisted on meeting you both there for further orders immediately."
He watched as Renova walked off followed by the two kids they not giving a backwards glance. He shifted to eye Justen who the hidden Gate Destroyer was appearing to be whispering into his son's ear.
He focused his ear to hear "The restless natives always pull a fright of screaming if a Gate Destroyer appears without warning. It's the same with disappearing without warning. Only in secret spots without anyone around is when we can do this act. Mind the recordings recording our moves. I suspect that the station's Medical Doctor for Humans, calling himself Chang Yong, got us wearing tracker devices implanted into our skin by the glowing light seen in palm of one hand. He'll pull the same tracker implantation onto you whenever you're in there. Mind the crowd and start walking and follow me. I'll show you where to go now."
Terror felt poking that seemed familiar onto his leg he looked with a glare to find a Tennan with claw poking him while crouched on the floor. He exhaled a breath to find the Tennan making a come gesture towards him by head shaking movements Tennan's style which he wordlessly followed. 
He found the Tennan walking on fours like a four foot animal ignored by the people he figured "This Tennan is a Queen's pet the lowest form of the Tennans' society involving drones via rankings."
He followed the pet through the station from memory of seeing it before via All Seeing One ability to find the Tennan leading him to the forest garden area. He grimaced recalling seeing General Leroy poisoned to death there. Terror didn't comment a response towards the Tennan leading him there to find himself led into the garden. That seemed like a forest appeared vast to him while hearing crackling sound of electricity. He peered via his mental ability above to find the forest was a large track of vast land surrounded by a high metallic fence giving off electricity. Terror felt poking from the Tennan again to focus onto the pet. He finding she he assumed was a female had stopped to poke him to continue on walking. Terror finding himself had stopped to peer via mental ability. He obeyed to follow the Tennan lengthy till he felt the familiar sensation of them being followed. Terror looked behind him multiple times as he followed the Tennan to a pond where the pet climbed a tree halting him following. He went to peer at the tree finding it had multiple Tennans on the branches appearing to be lying around sleeping from the looks of them. He recognized were pets of the Queen from their legs looking the same size and looking four footed walkers to him. Terror went to sit down underneath the tree to hear a hissing sound. Terror focused his eyes looking around to recognize the sounds was of an egg coming nearer and nearer. 
He waited thinking to himself "Well the kids got punished with the death of General Leroy. I'll get punished for treating their Queen inappropriately with the hookup of my son Justen-"
He cut himself off as an egg floated into view he eyed the entity ball floating lowering itself till the thing touched the ground. The egg sat appearing to be staring at him he sensed seemingly lengthy. Terror recalled the reason why the egg wasn't entering him immediately. 
He recalled why it was staring "They already know of what I did actually. I used one of the eggs to inhibit Justen that caused the explosion within the Queen soon after the hookup. She apparently detected the egg inside Justen. Tried get him out of her hence the explosion happening. It remains to be seen how the Tennans will react towards me on this."
He eyed the egg warily to find it edging closer while hovering over the ground in a low move in slowness. 
He exhaled a breath recognizing the behavior "The Queen blames the eggs for their nosiness for causing her the pain. Hence its acting like it wants forgiveness from me. I'm apparently still seen as their All Seeing One god."
Terror frowned staring at the egg warily to find the entity ball halted once a finger length away he hearing a hissing sound coming from it.
Terror found himself translating "All Seeing One. I beg forgiveness for your anger towards us not listening to your warning us not to hook the One you favor into our Queen causing her great pains."
He exhaled another breath hearing the words as the egg continued hissing he translating to himself "All Seeing One give us mercy in your anger towards us please. We beg you for that mercy. We will not compute the One you favor again without your wisdom for this computer work."
He sighed recognizing the egg's term for inhibiting. He heard the hissing stop followed by the entity ball getting onto his lap to sit which he raised up a hand. Terror grimaced of pain as he felt the egg enter him via the stomach area as in slipping inside his body. Terror felt the egg was inhibiting him via sensations of it scanning his mind. He grimaced coughing from the pain as he felt the sting go away followed by the familiar sensations of the Tennans' Queen in vicinity underground he heard her singing. 
Terror grunted in response he thinking to himself "The Tennans' eggs inhibiting humanoids gives them a link to hear the Queen. Hence this inhibiting I'm having again. Ugh."
He didn't comment a response towards the egg felt continuing on scanning his mind hearing his thought that made no move to leave him. 
He shut his eyes and figured to himself "I might as well see what's going on around here."
Terror concentrated onto the Command Center where Renova was there. He saw her with a Fishla male having Human blue eyes and clothes of a Leader stood. He stiffened seeing that seemed familiar like he knew him somewhere. He heard a hiss from the egg within his mind grunted his head up of pain hitting his head. Terror wound up to recall fully the reason for familiarity. Terror recalled with annoyance running through him as he lowered his head.
Terror thinking to himself "Curses to the Fishla for erasing my memories. They got a base in that asteroid floating in that planet hostile for Human life where I was found. Their females appearing to be angelic beings with Human looks. One called Sora blocked me from using my All Seeing One ability with her musical singing. Blast those Fishla bastards for doing this to me. One way or another they'll pay for this memory erasing stunt they pulled onto me."
He heard nothing from the egg in response to feel the familiar staring indicating a Tennan was inches away from his face her face near his. He opened his eyes to stare at the beady black eyes of the Tennan entirely in the color black, with black antennas on their heads, their faces like a humanoid bird with a beak entirely in black without the feathers. 
Terror heard from the Tennan "Why All Seeing One angry? All Seeing One spoke insults."
He exhaled a breath to think "My Queen, I forgot that you can hear my thoughts including humans with eggs inhibiting them. You can transmit the thoughts to Tennans no matter the distance who'll hear your transmission and speak towards who you orders to speak the thought."
He heard singing in response to his thinking comment he sensing that she had heard him and was confirming what he thought.
He shifted to focus onto the Tennan as the singing quit he hearing from the being "Be patient All Seeing One. Badness will come attack Fishla. We not hand doing badness. Queen speaks let others do badness for us. Don't worry. Be patient for badness will arrive. Continue to see All Seeing One."
Terror obeyed to shut his eyes focused onto the Command Center spying Leader Lave the Fishla male standing in the room with Renova a glare on his face he eyeing a computer screen. He shifted to eye the computer seeing it showed a recording of himself entering the station accompanied by the kids and their Father. 
He thought "Bastard. Leader Lave is born Human a Telepath changed into a Fishla to help the species. He was there with the Fishla when they had me in containment. They erased my memories of being with them. I'm anxious for the badness to hit the Fishla but I know one must be patient."
Terror continued to watch the scene via his mind concentrating on the Command Center. 

Chapter fifteen
Leader Lave formed an angry look in his eyes the Fishla watching Terror himself entering the station followed by speaking "Commander what do you know of this Earthari without any markings of your species?" 
Commander Renova spoke "I couldn't say this in front of the restless natives of the station to cause trouble. I called him a hybrid Earthari when I know he's not. He's obviously an Ancient One. An older form of Earthari that survived the plague that struck us on Terra our home world. Unfortunately thanks to the civil war we finished having, Terra our home world is nothing but a desolate dead planet. Nothing can live on there or survive even our attempts to create life from the ashes failed."
D'Clan spoke "T'La says why is Leader Lave so upset about this Earthari? You seem angry about something, Leader Lave. from the fins of yours flopping back and forth in an angry maneuver, along with your mouth in a thin line to indicate this anger in question."
Leader Lave spoke in response sounding calm "I recalled a story legend involving dealing with an Earthari that wasn't marked by any of the Earthari's species. The Earthari was involved with the Spiders as you call them. The legend among the Fishla about one thousand Earthari years ago, involved the first contact with the Earthari species. I recalled the story says that the Fishla captured an Earthari found within inside a Spider ship that was destroyed after taken out. The Earthari was sent to a colony world involving convicts or law breakers, as we call them for execution, on accusation of being the mastermind behind the Spiders and their attacks."
He heard growling of anger sounding in the room as Leader Lave continued loudly speaking calmly "Turns out we Fishla were wrong to think this assumption and a high price was paid. It took a Gate Destroyer, an Earthari we met to talk us out of this thought actually, hence he going around as a Leader at the moment."
He heard the edge in Leader Lave's voice tone mentally thought "Leader Lave is hiding something he's not willing to admit to people. Compute him once you get the chance."
Terror felt a poke from a Tennan opened his eyes to stare at the being a higher form of drone by the more Humanoid shape of the scaly body who spoke "Compute mind bad."
He recognized the term for Telepath the eggs avoid inhibiting as the Tennan continued "Compute another detailed computer found and computing. Be patient All Seeing One. Badness attack Fishla soon."
Terror kept his mind blank in response to shut his eyes focusing onto the Command Center. He finding Leader Lave gone from the room but Justen's children were remaining seated at the table in the room. He mentally searched for Leader Lave finding the Fishla easily and tracked him walking in a hallway hearing noises of various voices speaking sounding of various languages to him. Terror found Leader Lave pausing from walking to appear to compose himself. This was followed by walking out of the hallway into an area he saw was a Trading Center for species to sell their home world's wares on two levels. Leader Lave continued on walking weaving in and out of crowds of people ignoring species calling out for people to buy their items from booths and storefronts seen. He spotted with shock running through him two Soulers standing in front of a door appearing to be an elevator with swords drawn. They standing in one area of the Trading Center where people gave a wide berth some seen with fear on their faces. He watched as Leader Lave walked up towards one of the Soulers who thrust out the sword poking it onto the male's front. 
Terror heard silence to hear from Leader Lave loudly "Why is there no Ambassadorial representative to speak for you?"
He saw Leader Lave's eyes turn all black indicating a Telepath he recalling to think "The Soulers are Telepaths, with no voice ability, except for two. It's always a male or a female pair to speak for them verbalizing their words, born once a generation. The female speaker always assumes leadership for the Soulers, who are always led by a female, that can speak. The male speaker I'm not sure what's his purpose other than used for breeding."
He continued to eye Leader Lave hearing the Queen's singing sounding in an annoyed tone. 
He figured from the noise to think "Fine. I won't mention the subject of the Telepaths again. You hate that subject and don't care to be reminded-"
He was interrupted by a poke from a Tennan. 
Terror heard "Quiet now. Queen thinks."
Terror kept his eyes onto Leader Lave finding the male was displaying Telepath's eyes. 
He noticed had his back to the people while facing the Soulers he refrained from thinking of the comment "Mind scanning talk."
He eyed the scene to find the Souler thrusting the sword further to push Leader Lave displaying Human blue eyes away followed by resuming his guard stance. The Souler seen waving the weapon in some swing gesture. 
He recognized the swing gesture was Soulers' speak "Come to us again, we'll react with deadly force."
Terror heard the Queen singing again in an annoyed tone to feel a poke from a Tennan to open his eyes to glare with annoyance running through him.
He found the Tennan speaking "Forgiveness All Seeing One. Queen speaks enough of seeing what All Seeing One sees."
Terror heard the familiar words from the Tennan he recalled fully "The Queen can see what I'm seeing with the help of an egg inhibiting me."
He focused onto the Tennan to think fully "My Queen what do you wish to see?"
Terror heard the familiar singing sounding in a questioning tone he hearing from the Tennan "See the One you favor now."
He obeyed to focus his eyes onto Justen he saw was leaning against the wall looking upset making him feel pity towards his son. He found Leader Lave arriving with Telepath's eyes appearing to get Justen to look up and forming some composed expression on his face. Terror watched as Leader Lave via mental talk escorted Justen into the Trading Center towards the Soulers. The Soulers stepped aside letting his son enter the elevator but blocked the Fishla's way via thrusting swords aimed at the male. He grimaced seeing Justen standing in the elevator going down not too lengthy. This was followed by walking out to meet a Souler displaying a Human like face with all blue eyes not mask on and hood covering the top of the head.
Terror recalled "Souler males are always hairless on their faces and heads. Females have some hair that is always shoulder length and no facial hair like the males."
He continued to watch as Justen was heard speaking in Gate Destroyer guttural language "I thought being a Leader would get them to accept me. Instead one of them with some entity inhibiting them got me exiled and ordered out of sight of the presences of the Gate Destroyers who agreed with him. I refer this Gate Destroyer in question as Patrick as heard by the others. He heard speaking Fishla's language while having the entity inhibiting him. He has a mirror brother who uses the name of Patrick too. I'm not even sure of what's going on with Diana who appeared to have my child. Her seen among the Gate Destroyers holding a blanketed bundle in her arms. I wasn't able to communicate towards her by Patrick ordering me out. She appeared to have her back to the doorway entrance to the room. Didn't bothered to look in my direction despite the noises heard."
He felt himself annoyed with what he heard as Justen paused. The Souler stepped aside to show another Souler a male with facial hair of a beard and a mustache he recognized as his descendant that spoke for the Soulers. 
The Souler spoke sounding in Gate Destroyer language "Being a Leader means earning it, Justen. You have to earn that title despite you awarded it."
Justen spoke "It means I have to be assertive on getting what I want from the Gate Destroyers including from Diana. Blast that Patrick, wait till I get my hands onto him-"
"You must use peace as this place is for." He heard from the Souler interrupting Justen.
The Souler added noticing his son having a glare of anger on his face "The time will arrive when the opportunity arrives for you to have what you seek. Just be patient for it. Good things come to those who wait as the Lower Ones always says."
Terror recognized the wording Lower Ones was Soulers' speak for the three Human species the Kangs, the Elrics and the Gate Destroyers. He kept on focusing onto Justen to find his son stop being angry and appeared to compose himself. Justen wound up seen followed by walking towards the elevator to get inside. He silently watched as Justen walked out of the elevator once it reached the Trading Center to hear silence from the crowd. Terror stiffened seeing a Souler grab Justen's arm spinning him around and appeared to be whispering into his son's ear he not hearing what was said. Terror focused onto Patrick the entity inhibiting Gate Destroyer as he felt like needing to do it. He wound up to find the male looking familiar to him reminding him of someone but not sure who. He found Patrick escorted by three Gate Destroyers standing in a semi circle around the male. He saw was looking at Justen who a Souler was whispering in his son's ear. Justen walked away after freed from the Souler only to get his arm grabbed by a bald head Gate Destroyer, who got his son's attention, despite golden eyes of anger seen from him. The bald head Gate Destroyer jabbed a finger in Patrick's direction Justen quit flaring golden eyes as if seeing the male.
Patrick spoke sounding of Fishla language "Come here. I want to talk to you for your ears."
Justen he saw with disgust, obeyed to go towards Patrick.
He hearing the male whispering "Keep yourself out of our nest home. I'm counting on you to act as our Ambassador to the natives of this station. Go to the Command Center. Keep an eye on things. Be warned that the Command Center's computer can translate various languages including Gate Destroyer talk. So be silent when watching. Go now."
He found Justen walking away as he spotted various manoids jabbing fingers aimed at his son and whispering various languages sounds to him. Terror focused onto Justen finding his son once alone in a hallway turned hidden by his form fading out of sight. He finding himself able to track by seeing a lined outline of him. He kept on tracking till a Tennan's claw was felt poking him on the stomach. 
Terror opened his eyes to glare at the Tennan who spoke "Queen speaks All Seeing One needs nourishment needed. Computer computes says so."
He felt pelting of multiple objects from above to grimace as they landed all around him. Terror spotted was fruit from the looks of it. He felt himself terribly hungry grabbed a fruit. He recognized was dubbed Fruit of Life by the Ancients, despite the Human name of apple, bit into one greedily eating. Terror found himself terribly hungry, ate multiple apples, as he referred them. While tossing aside the remaining pieces, the seeds and stems he finding himself not interested in eating them. 
He ate five apples to reach for a sixth when the Tennan placed a claw onto his hand. 
Terror hearing "Computer computes enough. No more needed."
Terror removed his hand and shut his eyes to focus onto Justen standing in the Command Center in hidden status. He shifted to eye the natives of the room doing their work. He found Patrick stomping into the room looking angry escorted by three Gate Destroyers.
Patrick heard in a rude voice tone "Gate Destroyer show yourself now! I order you as your leader!"
He found Justen obeying to glare at Patrick with hatred running through him. Terror found the male stomping out of the room with the three escorts giving salutes towards his son behind the hated Gate Destroyer's back. Terror focused onto Justen to find Soulers came into the room via an elevator hauling the hated Gate Destroyer who looked out of it. 
He figured "It's the mirror brother aka twin as they used to call them."
He watched as the Soulers hauled the mirror brother down the stairs to the table forcing him to sit. Terror saw one of them whacked the back of the male's head while jabbing a finger towards Justen. 
Terror felt disgust take hold watched as the mirror brother spoke "The entity inhibiting Gate Destroyer isn't our leader. He supposed to act like our Ambassador speaking for us Gate Destroyers, on what we want from the natives, who can't translate our talk, without computer language's help."
He heard the mirror brother sounded like having an entity in control to him. Terror watched seeing the male roll his eyes and appeared to faint followed by an egg came flying out. Justen in a fast blurring speed got in front of the egg. Justen, he saw, thrust a fist onto the egg seeing the entity shatter apart into small round balls that hit the floor, he stiffened of shock seeing that. Terror heard the Queen singing of pain to him in a painful tone. He continued to watch hearing gasps sounding in the Command Center. He saw Justen, flaring golden eyes while having hands fisted, glaring at the mirror brother with a glare on his face, by the eyes aimed at the Gate Destroyer. A Souler appeared via hidden state to place a hand onto Justen's shoulder, while appearing to be talking his son down from an angry mood. Justen, he watched, shut his eyes appearing to will himself to calm. 
Terror heard Justen growling out after opening his eyes, as the Command Center's computer translated into Agamemnon language "Those entities leave me angry every time I see them. Enough to want to punch them with my fists. I can't figure out why."
He heard the Queen sounding of sadness in her singing groaned softly. He continued to focus onto Justen only to feel a poke from a Tennan. 
He opened his eyes with annoyance running through him to hear "Forgiveness All Seeing One. Move now. Computer computes movement a must."
Terror didn't say word in response got up to find a pet gesturing him to follow. He obeyed to walk, he tracking where he was going, finding the sunlight was dimming in the sky. He followed the Tennan as glow lights shined in the distance illuminating, a path, he recalled seeing on the way to the tree. Terror followed the Tennan to the forest garden's entrance to find the pet scrambling away in a fast speed move into the bushes. He sensing her indicating a Telepath nearby by the fearful behavior. He walked into the station into the hallway to meet Leader Lave that paused seeing him. He giving the Fishla a glare of accusation in his eyes. He paused from walking to glare at Leader Lave whose eyes turned all black looking as he felt his mind scanned.
Terror mentally spoke "I remember everything of my time with you and your people, the Fishla, including my memories of this erased. You'll pay for this insulting behavior, Leader Lave."
He glared at Leader Lave who walked up towards him he stiffened. Leader Lave, seen by him, willing aside the Telepathic look. 
Leader Lave, he heard speaking in Fishla's language of hissing "The memory erasing wasn't what I wanted for you, Ancient One. I disagreed to that."
He kept the glare as Leader Lave continued hissing "I recognized you from the Fishla's legend. The first Earthari, the Fishla made contact with and blamed for leading the Spiders that was later executed."
He didn't say a word in response as Leader Lave kept hissing "Justen as he wishes to be called contacted the Fishla. Used me in a Fishla's form mind reading his thoughts to communicate, the Earthari had nothing to do with the Spiders. It took a great deal of convincing the Fishla of this talk. He undergoing various forms of painful torture by them. Hence he awarded the Leader title by my people. Once it was obvious he was telling the truth that the Spiders were a common enemy among both Fishla and Earthari in question."
Terror exhaled a breath hearing Leader Lave's words as Leader Lave displayed the Telepathic look he hearing the male's voice sounding in his mind "I do know that the Tennans are the Spiders themselves. No need to deny that. I was Human once. Actually I was born a Telepath. I took this form to convince the Fishla out of genocide against the Humans. It was the Fishla who caused the destruction of Terra the Humans' home world in an attempt to kill off the Spiders."
Terror stiffened hearing Leader Lave's confession as Leader Lave continued mind talking "After the destruction is when I wound up exchanging forms. I meeting Justen on the way, to convince the Fishla to spare the Human species. Excuse me for saying Human to you in a mental talk. Fishla are forbidden from saying Human out of respect for nearly causing genocide and destroying Terra. 
They call the Human species Earthari which is Fishla language means 'Ancient Wise One.' 
It's their highest form of respect towards the Human species actually."
He found Leader Lave no longer displaying the Telepathic look to hiss "Come with me now. I know of a place for you to gain some sleep. I suspect you're not immune to that aren't you?"
He didn't say a word wordlessly followed Leader Lave through corridors. Through the Trading Center finding manoids glaring at the Fishla, some seen waving fists aimed at the male. He followed to find Leader Lave led him to the Medical Bay to his annoyance. 
Terror glared at Leader Lave once inside Medical Bay hearing the Fishla speaking loudly "Doctor! I have a patient for you!" 
He gave up a loud sound of disgust to get Leader Lave speaking towards him "You, were you, examined medically once found by Earthari?"
Terror didn't comment a response as a familiar male he recognized as Doctor Chang Yong with recognition in the male's eyes seeing him arrived into view. The Doctor he saw was looking at Leader Lave questioning. 
He found Leader Lave speaking "Two Leaders tell me that his name is of Terror. They tell me that's all they can get from him. He's not very talkative according to them. Good luck, Doctor on getting him to speak. Feel free to examine him. He was found according to the two Leaders dumped in some hostile to Human life planetary world. Wasn't examined medically once he was rescued. Just see that he's fit physically. That's all I ask."
He found Doctor Yong speaking "Come with me."
Terror obeyed to find the Doctor leading him down a hallway with doors open showing rooms having cots in them with beeping sounds coming from them. He glared at Doctor Yong's back sensing Leader Lave not following. The Doctor reached the last door in the wall to open it showing a mattress inside on the floor including another doorway. 
He glared as the Doctor spoke "I know you and recognize you. You're the type who hates to be medically examined. You'll find everything you need for sleeping and cleaning yourself hygiene way inside this room. Only I have access to it, as the main Doctor of this Medical Bay. It's my personal quarters actually where I stay, while I'm on duty contained in here. There's an extra cot in the room if the mattress isn't your thing. So get inside before someone sees you."
Terror obeyed to get into the room hearing the door shut behind him. He sighed and eyed the doorway spotting it as a hygiene room to groan softly hearing the faint singing by the Queen. 
He recognized the tone faintly sounding in his mind was speak "Cleaning one's self is a must!"
Terror eyed the ceiling as if drawn to find a Tennan clinging to it back on it that waved a clawed hand in a gesture he recognized "Don't look."
He obeyed to go into the hygiene room figuring "I might as well use it."

Terror laid on the cot out of sight from the door to the room being manipulated to open. He finding the mattress was clinging to the wall and would show any visitor him sleeping there. He found himself agreeing with the cot. It reminded him of the cradles he slept in while on Terra floating on the water on ponds, never rivers or the ocean. 
He sighed with eyes closed to focus onto Justen to hear a hiss from an egg speaking "Sleep now!"
He obeyed to make his mind blank as he could and felt himself tiredly passing out unconscious.

Chapter sixteen
Terror came to hearing a loud ringing noise he finding Doctor Yong on the mattress groaning loudly he hearing "Can't I get any sleep around here? I just laid down."
He frowned to sit up eyeing Doctor Yong going to a console to raise a hand before turning to face him. 
Doctor Yong speaking "Hide yourself in the hygiene room now. Recorders via visual communications are always on, wherever the communicator has in the room, trained for it once I give the command."
He obeyed to hide behind the shower curtain in the shower stall shutting his eyes to focus onto Doctor Yong.
Doctor Yong groaned and spoke "Receive communications."
He eyed the monitor screen as if drawn to find Commander Renova's face appear onto it speaking "We have a managed to get a new Gate Destroyer, answering to the name of Justen to go to the Medical Bay for an examination. See about implanting him with the tracker once possible. Renova out."
Doctor Yong, he focused onto spoke "End communications."
He found the image of Renova going out as the monitor flashed black looking followed by hearing the Doctor add "It's safe for you to come out now."
Terror obeyed to find Doctor Yong speaking "I set aside the room next to this room to look like it was used for a patient examination. Just come sneaking out of here when the coast is clear. Make a big deal of coming out of that patient room from a sleeping status. Just don't want nosiness to get people's attention onto you. Excuse me."
He saw Doctor Yong leave the room with the door ajar. He used his mental ability to see for anyone outside which he darted out. Terror went into the patient room next door hearing beeping machinery going. Terror recalled making it appear to be woken up from a lengthy sleep walked out of the room. He pretending to look like he was waking up from a lengthy sleeping status. He faked yawn while stretching his arms above his head to find an Hmph sound behind him. He heard a hiss from a hidden egg indicating Telepaths. Terror looked with annoyance to find a nurse he assumed was the female's title. He continued to hear the hissing from the hidden egg. He quit his waking up act to glare at the female recalling the Gate Destroyer didn't want him to talk. 
The nurse spoke "I'm Nurse Alexa. I recognize you so respects."
He gave an Ancient head gesture to find her not looking surprised to see that. 
Followed by she adding, while jabbing a finger in the opposite direction he was facing "You'll find the hallway leads to the Medical Bay's entrance. I'll kindly tell Doctor Yong what I know of you. He'll be fine with that anyway."
Terror without a comment walked away in the direction Alexa was pointing. Terror wound up to hear a faint Gate Destroyer's roar of pain to him that sounded familiar. He halted his walking to focus onto Justen, finding his son was in a patient room getting a tracker implanted into his hand. He grimaced finding Justen roaring of pain as he felt familiar poking on his leg, opened his eyes. Terror found a familiar Tennan poking him on the legs that gestured him to follow which he obeyed. Terror looked to find a Souler standing in the hallway outside Medical Bay, making the pet running up the wall disappearing into the duct out of fear, sensed. He glared at the Souler who placed a fist onto his chest despite the male form, thumping onto the area before lowering the hand and turning sideways gesturing him to follow. 
He obeyed recalling "The Soulers are acknowledging me as an Ancient One by the gesture. They making it clear that I should follow them whenever they meet me and give me the acknowledgment."
Terror followed the Souler through the Trading Center finding people ignoring him. They noticed giving the Souler a wide berth with fear sensed from them. He found the Souler led him to the Command Center to his annoyance to meet Renova inside doing a double take look seeing him. 
He frowned as she spoke "Blast the mirror brother Patrick."
He saw her look away to find her glaring at a Gate Destroyer looking familiar to him. He recognized as Patrick making him confused to his familiarity. He frowned eyeing Patrick who with a sick smirk on his face, twisted around grabbing the Tennan on the wall yanking her off onto the floor in a fast move and brought his fist into her face. 
He heard, "Hey!" comments from people in the room, as he gave up "Bastard Patrick-"
Terror heard himself cut off by an electronic voice speaking "Voice pattern recognition, Doctor Ridgen Zianan."
He gulped finding Patrick quit punching the Tennan to get up snickering loudly. This was followed by fading from sight he spotted the Gate Destroyer displaying all black eyes and walking away. 
He felt a slap on his cheek bare of facial hair to find the hand was Renova's who spoke "I knew that there was something funny about a bastard like you."
Terror spoke firmly "I resent you hitting me woman."
He heard silence from the electronic voice he figured was the computer. Terror found Renova glaring at him with arms folded. Terror glared to hear a growling noise of a Gate Destroyer to find Patrick appearing from hidden status arms out. Patrick appearing to be indicating on someone was holding his arms by the jerking movements. He heard a beep sound to hear a shriek sound sounding familiar, before cutting itself off, followed by the beeping noises of the room resume. Terror groaned as he felt the egg inside him burst apart by giving him a terrible stomachache, he bending down groaning loudly. He heard twin groaning sounding of a Gate Destroyer. He saw Patrick lying on the floor curled into a ball groaning loudly. He felt hands onto his arm forcing him to sit into a chair. Terror obeyed to feel relieved to sit while finding hands touching his face patting him. He found belonged to T'La, he recognized gave up that screaming sound. Terror didn't say a word towards T'La who quit the patting onto his face. He wound up seeing T'La look away appearing to be glaring at Renova with a look of hatred in her face. He reached out a hand touching T'La's shoulder getting her looking at him. Terror shook his head in the Ancient way of saying no. He found understanding in T'La's face but she kept giving Renova a narrowed black eyed glare in response. 
He heard from Renova "Why is the Medical Bay ignoring my summons to send medical personal to the Command Center?"
Terror focused his mental ability onto the Medical Bay, finding Doctor Yong and Alexa lying on the floor of a room unconscious from the looks of them. He spotted a Gate Destroyer walking away shaking his hand from a fisted status.
Terror figured to himself "Blast that Gate Destroyer! Must have knocked the medics out after they implanted the tracker into his hand!"
He kept his thought to himself as he felt hands onto his shoulders he forced up to stand followed by hearing "Anyway Commander, I'll see him to Medical Bay since he can walk."
Terror exhaled a breath finding Leader Lave was the speaker who got him out of the Command Center into the hallway. He paying attention to where they were going finding him taking a stairwell route to a hallway. He frowned as Leader Lave went to a door in the wall and tapped onto the keypad. Before it opened showing a living room with a door further inside he figured was an apartment. Terror frowned as Leader Lave got him inside and got him further into the apartment, to the bed, to lay his form down onto it. He sighed groaning loudly, finding Leader Lave walking away shutting the door to the bedroom sliding them shut. He heard nothing else shut his eyes to pass out unconscious.

Terror came to feeling a familiar feeling hitting him he recognized what it was involving mating. He grunted as he felt a familiar poking from a Tennan poking him awake. 
He woke up to glare at the Tennan that spoke "Hide in stinker. Place not yours. Attack victim in stinker."
He obeyed recalling the word stinker was used for hygiene room, to hide behind the shower curtain. Terror leaned against the wall feeling himself itching to mate further. He found himself unable to see via his urges rising within him. He heard the sound of the hygiene room being used along with cloth manipulated to indicate it was being removed followed by the shower curtain swinging open. Terror found himself facing a naked Renova who ignored him to get into the shower stall.
She speaking "Shouldn't your clothes be off Terror?"
He obeyed to strip himself of his clothes to find Renova turning on the shower water to heat toleration levels. Followed by straddling him with legs spread wrapped around him and her nails felt digging into his shoulders. He sighed recognizing the behavior was her way of submitting to the mating ritual he desperately needed to do. Terror didn't comment a response felt himself inside her thrusting in rhythm as she moved meeting his movements. He sighed once spilling himself inside Renova to find himself till wanting to mate further, thrust her back to the wall, she grunting in pain and grabbed her hips. He thrust inside Renova feeling himself getting better each time he was inside her. Terror spilled himself inside her again to hear her give off a loud hiss sound of pain to him. Terror placed a hand onto Renova gently pulling himself out of her and gently removing her off of him. 
He didn't say a word as Renova spoke firmly once seeing her standing "Get out of my residence now. Your business with me is done as indicated by you."
He obeyed to get out of the shower stall to find his familiar animal skin clothes gone from the floor but Renova's uniform and things scattered around. He felt annoyance take hold walked out to find a Tennan appearing to be a pet holding onto his clothes and boots. That playfully tossed his pants to another pet while tossing other clothing to others. 
He felt annoyance take hold to glare at the Tennans while speaking firmly "My clothes aren't for you to play with! So hand them back now!"
Terror glared to find the Tennans in response going up the walls each carrying an article of his clothes in their mouths and disappearing into the air ducts. 
He snarled angrily "Bastards!"
Terror hit the floor when a Tennan's body landed on top of him. He thrusting the drone away from him while getting up in a fast move to glare at the Tennan. 
He glared to find the Tennan getting onto fours and thrusting its seat at him in a some wriggling move he recognized was speak "Mate with me now."
Terror obeyed to feel disgust on having to mate with the Tennan that felt slimy and terribly wet to his private. He thrust in and out of her with more wetness felt getting onto him. He spilled himself inside the Tennan, only to feel himself still urged to mate. Kept it up again this time the wetness no longer felt including the sliminess to feel dryness. He again spilled himself inside the drone. Terror once done pulled out to find the Tennan curling into a ball, appearing to look like she fell into a sleeping status involving carrying his offsprings. He saw a Tennan pet toss his pants into the hygiene room via doorway. Terror ignored to walk inside hearing the shower running but noticed a hand on the floor. He darted towards the shower stall to yank aside the curtain to find Renova sitting on the floor looking like she was sick by throwing up liquid appearing to be blood from her mouth. He picked up Renova and carried her out to her bed. She quitting the throwing up to his relief as he to laid her onto the bed putting the blanket onto her covering her naked status. 
Terror heard from a Tennan "You stink All Seeing One."
He sighed and went back into the hygiene room intending to clean himself.

Terror came out dressed into his animal skin clothes to find the Tennans had removed Renova's blanket off of her. She moaning loudly with eyes shut he spotted her abdomen very swollen indicating a with child status. 
He sat on the bed next to Renova recalling his mating with female Kangs he thinking to himself "The with child status with the female Kangs of the Human species always lasts within status of a short time. She birthing the Tennans' egg that is used for creating more eggs via the egg joining with the Queen. Hmph. T'La must have destroyed all of their eggs hence they allowing me to mate with Renova. They don't normally allow me to mate with any other species than the Tennans themselves. Hence they letting me mate with her for more eggs."
He didn't comment a response waited as Renova gave up a sharp groan followed by eyeing her to see an egg slip out of her abdomen area via the skin making no marking. He found the birth wound up making the abdomen flat. The egg he saw darted into the ducts above in a fast move. Terror eyed Renova who remained asleep appearing to be passed out unconscious. 
He heard from a Tennan "Sleep now, All Seeing One."
Terror obeyed to lay his form onto the bed putting the blanket onto Renova covering her up and spoon fashioned her while shutting his eyes passing out unconscious.

Chapter seventeen
Terror came to hearing a ringing noise followed by hearing "Its morning time to get up."
He sighed hearing the squeaky voice of the computer to find Renova getting up ignoring him lying in bed going to the hygiene room who paused once in the doorway. 
He got up to see her looking at him speaking "Terror kindly wait for me in the other room. I need privacy for getting ready to start my shift. I have nourishment in the kitchen, I'm willing to share with you, if you be patient and wait for me."
Terror didn't say a word went into the living room shutting the sliding door to sit onto the couch. He sat sensing a Tennan was hiding behind the couch he focused onto her, to figure that it was the drone he mated with, that had fallen asleep to hide out of safety's sakes. He didn't have long to wait as Renova with her uniform on arrived into the room. She, he saw, went to the kitchen unit to cook food his mouth watered smelling them. 
He spoke firmly finding Renova's behavior was indicating anger "I'm sorry I hurt you."
Terror got Renova looking at him and speaking "Its not you I'm angry at. It's those entity balls I was seeing around here I'm not seeing at the moment. There's two of them I see every morning whenever I wake up flying around with some bumping play game onto each other. I'm used to seeing them getting me into a good mood despite waking up angry as always."
He exhaled a breath to hear a hiss sound sounding familiar to find two eggs coming from the couch besides him. Terror wound up to witness them fly into the air bumping into each other as he heard Renova's laughter. He sighed as Renova quit her laughing to resume cooking her food. This was followed by handing him a plate of food with a fork he recalling how to eat the food using the object. Terror found himself terribly hungry gobbled up the food via fork finding it tasted good to him. Terror found Renova eating her food fast like she was terribly hungry to him. He didn't say a word as Renova got him to give up his plate followed by handing him a cup full of white liquid. He forced himself to gulp it entirely copying her seen gulping down her cup's contents in a fast move. 
Terror inhaled a breath once done to hear a rude noise from Renova who spoke "Excuse me."
He didn't say a word handed the cup back to her who added "My shift as Commander requires me to take a walk through the Trading Center checking things out. Then I'm to go to the Command Center and spend the majority of my day there. The Ambassadors haven't called for a meeting yet as all agreed to do, for brokering out agreements. We always meet in the Peace room with my presence there to represent the Humans. I'm sort of counted as an Ambassador to the Humans running this place. The Fishla actually built this station, as said by them but put us Humans in charge of running it and keeping order. They gave us this job in question after the destruction of Terra they responsible for and not the Telepaths."
Terror gave up a hiss sound in response to hear from Renova added "The Fishla's Leader Lave admitted this destruction in question. He admits the Gate Destroyer in Leader's uniform was responsible for talking his species out of causing further genocide towards my species. Leader Lave when he told me this in private left it up to me to tell the other species of what the Fishla did to Terra. So far I haven't said a word towards the Ambassadors about this at the moment. I don't think I will talk about this subject unless the Ambassadors ask about it is when I'll tell them."
Terror spoke finding Renova looking sad "I'm sorry."
He got up to gently hug Renova finding her crying tears and sobbing while hugged as he gently rubbed her back. He didn't say a word in response as Renova had her crying bout followed by hearing a beeping sound sounding annoyed to him. 
He frowned as Renova stepped back from him breaking his hold to put her hand to her earlobe speaking loudly "Renova, yes?"
Terror figured "It's a communication device."
Terror eyed Renova finding her eyes form a concentration look followed by adding "I'll be there once possible, Renova out."
He found her removing her hand to speak towards him "I have business elsewhere as duty calls for my shift. So go explore the station if you can."
Terror sighed and followed Renova out of the apartment to find a Gate Destroyer hidden in the hallway that blocked his way of following her further. He seeing the male giving him an angry glare. Terror glared at the Gate Destroyer with annoyance to see Renova walk around the corner of a hallway's end part and disappear out of sight. He glared at the Gate Destroyer who held up his hands in some surrender gesture while appearing to gulp. He hearing growling noises of a Souler he recognized hidden from him. Terror didn't say a word walked away only to meet a Tennan dropping down in front of him he giving a glare.
He got from the Tennan "Garden now. You know way."
Terror didn't say a word took the route to the garden's entrance while avoiding the main route of going through the Trading Center. He walked into the garden taking a forest path from memory of the Tennans' tree to find it easily. He seeing Tennans lying on the branches appearing to look asleep as the sunlight's light indicating sunrise shined overhead. Terror didn't say a word went to sit down onto the ground crossed legged to shut his eyes sensing himself stared at. He focused onto the staring's source to find a Gate Destroyer he met in the hallway hidden in the bushes spying onto him. Terror felt annoyance take hold to focus behind the Gate Destroyer as if drawn. Terror looked to find an egg floating behind the male that darted around into the male's stomach in a fast move. He found the Gate Destroyer bending down groaning while having a hand onto his front. Terror eyed the Gate Destroyer finding Tennans landing onto him from above a tree, knocking the male unconscious as he found the egg didn't come out. He heard a familiar hissing sound opened his eyes, to find an egg floating in view of his eyesight lowering itself till it was level with his eyes. Terror heard the familiar words of forgiveness spoken from the egg in a hissing tone.
Terror figured to himself "The Queen told the eggs to speak their words of forgiveness towards me. Before entering me inside to compute my thoughts as always."
He didn't say a word towards the egg that spoke its familiar wording of forgiveness followed by getting onto his lap. Terror eyed to feel the familiar pain as it entered him via stomach area slipping into his body. Terror heard the Queen's singing of a joyful tone sounding in his mind. He felt the egg mind scanning him as he willed aside the pain despite shutting his eyes. 
He mentally spoke sounding annoyed "My Queen must your egg give me pain every time it enters me to compute?"
Terror got the Queen singing in a sad tone to sense a Tennan staring at him inches away from his face. 
He jerked open his eyes to stare at the Tennan's beady black eyes that spoke "Pain necessary. Computer compute computer work. Queen's sorry for pains All Seeing One." 
"Queen's pain agrees with All Seeing One." He heard and sighed recognizing the Tennan term "Queen birthing offsprings that give her pain."
Terror didn't say a word in response shut his eyes only to feel a familiar staring from the Tennan to open them to glare at the drone.
He got from the Tennan "Computer finished computing Gate Destroyer. Needs cradle for carrying to Queen. Queen insists All Seeing One be cradle for computer."
Terror sighed and got up feeling the egg inside him slip out via his stomach area he bending down groaning from the pain. He straightened up his form to walk towards where the Gate Destroyer was lying unconscious to wait. He finding the Tennans poking and prodding the male's stomach area their attempt to get the egg out. He waited seemingly lengthy ignoring the Tennans. Terror wound up to avoiding looking at them poking the Gate Destroyer. He wound up to feeling annoyance take hold till he felt a familiar pain to bend down groaning. 
Terror heard the Queen singing her command call "Come to me." 
He obeyed walking further into the forest weaving out of trees and bushes. He kept walking seemingly lengthy till he reached a hole in the ground having a metal grating covering it to see it open showing a Tennan that blocked his way. Terror frowned as the Tennan crawled out to poke and prod his stomach in poking moves via clawed hands. He didn't say a word as he grunted feeling the egg leave him. The egg wound up getting into the Tennan's hands followed by shifting into a Tennan, appearing to look like a pet drone in a Human baby's size. Terror walked away sensing his duty was over to walk back towards the entrance to the forest garden. He neared the entrance only to get blocked by a Tennan dropping in front of him growling angrily. 
He stiffened from the growling to hear hissing sounds from multiple eggs sounding behind him. 
He translated to himself "All Seeing One hurt Queen."
Terror stiffened from eggs' wording to stand still waiting for the Tennans to attack him out of anger.
He recalling "They did a similar attack onto me back in the past repeatedly over and over. I was blamed for the destruction of a Queen repeatedly hence they attacking me out of their blaming anger."
Terror kept himself still to grunt as multiple eggs pelted him from behind. Including the Tennans felt landing onto him from above knocking him onto the ground. He grunted loudly from their whacking him via clawed hands. Terror heard a loud shriek of warning indicating a Telepath's presence. He found Tennans and eggs darting out of sight, to find Leader Lave standing at the edge of the clearing displaying all black eyes of a Telepath. Leader Lave shook the look away while forming Human blue eyes in a glare of annoyance in them. Terror got up feeling himself sore abruptly to rub a hand on his forehead before walking towards Leader Lave without a word and removing his hand. 
He frowned while eyeing Leader Lave who gave him a glare.
Terror got from the male "Come with me."
Terror obeyed to follow Leader Lave taking the Trading Center route ignoring people waving fists aimed at the male. Leader Lave got him into Medical Bay the Fishla calling for a Doctor loudly. He frowned waiting seemingly impatiently as Alexa arrived into view.
Leader Lave was heard "I caught the Tennans using this Earthari for their fisting out of being angry about something again. They still haven't gotten the message that talking of peace is better than fisting of anger. See about examining this Earthari, for respects, Nurse."
Terror watched as Leader Lave without a word walked out of Medical Bay he spotted a Souler near the entrance behind the see through door. 
Terror heard a loud Hmph from Alexa to eye her warily followed by her speaking "Terror, come with me."
He felt annoyance take hold when she led him into a patient room and ordered towards him "Lie down for the scanners now."
Terror thought insults aimed at the Tennans for the attack. He obeyed to find her putting a device with a red light jutting from it at the foot of the bed and walking to stand behind a console. 
He eyed her to find her speaking "Just keep yourself still while the scanner scans you."
Terror sighed and shifted to eye the ceiling he spotted a Tennan making don't look gesture. He shifted his eyes to focus onto the picture of a lake scene on the wall indicating a sun on the horizon. He kept his eyes onto the picture as he found the scanner seemed lengthy with its scanning. Alexa not commenting a word towards him to move only giving off loud Hmm sounds while hearing beeping noises. 
Terror felt his patience becoming thin to hear from Alexa "All done with the scans. The computer says that you have muscle sprains which is speak for bruises."
He got up from the cot to glare at Alexa hearing her voice have an edge in it to speak "What is it that you're not fully saying towards me, Nurse?"
Terror glared at Alexa who appeared to gulp before speaking "Alright your pumper organ inside your chest is on the opposite side of where it's normally supposed to be in Humans. The Ancients didn't leave detailed medical records of them after they and most of the Humans died off from a plague, with the survivors finding evidence of them destroyed. Sorry I was shocked to discover you different from us Humans via the pumper organ actually."
Terror didn't say a word in response to spot an egg floating down behind Alexa he sighed figuring "The Tennans are curious to know what my body was like medically. Hence they doing this angry behavior onto me in front of Leader Lave. That egg is going to inhibit the Nurse for computing the information to give to the Tennans' Queen."
He didn't say a word in response as Alexa spoke ignoring him looking at her with a glare "Anyhow you're all done now. You can leave Ancient One."
He gave the Ancients' head gesture and without a word left the room hearing a faint groaning noise behind him he figured "The egg must be inside her now."
Terror ignored the noise to continue on walking towards the entrance to the Medical Bay. He looked finding a familiar male Gate Destroyer outside with a glare on his face despite all black eyes seen. He walked out of Medical Bay ignoring the Gate Destroyer sensed following him while remaining in his hidden status.
Terror heard within his mind "Go to the Command Center now."
Terror exhaled a breath hearing the Souler's mental talk sounding in his mind he ignored to take the Trading Center route. He finding himself ignored by the natives in there. He went to the Command Center to find Renova inside facing a group of various humanoids that appeared to be other than Human to him. 
He heard from Renova sounding angry "With due respects I'm not this Earthari, dubbed Terror's keeper! Find him yourself now!" 
Terror spoke loudly "What's going on Commander?"
He found the Ambassadors, he assumed were they, looking at his direction with various expressions on their alien like faces seen as he heard "Ambassadors with due respects, this is Terror, the Earthari, your seeking. Excuse me I'm busy here so get out now."
Terror heard the firmness of Renova's voice tone to find one of the Ambassadors stepping forwards showing a cat like face and speaking "Ree ow with respects Earthari. Terror as you're called, will you come with us now?"
He stepped aside and spoke "Show me where you wish to meet Ambassadors."
Terror didn't comment a response as the cat like faced Ambassador gave up another ree ow sound took the lead with him following. He sensing the Ambassadors following taking up the rear. He felt annoyance take hold as the Ambassador led the way ignoring the route to the Trading Center. Instead was taking back ways route to someplace he recognized led to the garden to find his hunch correct. He looked behind at the Ambassadors to spot a hidden Gate Destroyer with familiarity hitting him, following while appearing to take up the rear of the group. 
He didn't say a word as the Ambassador walked into the forest then stopped once arriving at a clearing to turn around speaking "The Tennans called Spiders by Earthari and Fishla. You Terror are the Tennans' Ambassador speaks for them."
Terror exhaled a breath hearing the Ambassador's words that sounded firm like a statement and not a question to frown. He found a Tennan dropping from above to land next to him he eyed warily. 
He frowned as the Ambassador added, he noticing the hidden Gate Destroyer smirking "Tennans are the Spiders enemy of Fishla and Earthari don't deny that. Terror, translate for the Tennans' point of view in this conflict."
Terror eyed the Tennan warily to hear from the being speaking Tennans' guttural language, he found himself translating "Says we Tennans seek sanctuary world for natural order of creation for our species to live. Fishla and Earthari as you call them disagreed with the creation's uses of our Queen, needing you manoids for creations of our people. We cannot create our people ourselves even our Queen cannot do that either. We need manoids for creation to survive."
He continued translating hearing silence from the Ambassadors "Says Fishla and Earthari disagreed with this creation method accuse us of causing great death of numerous manoids. They get us removed from sanctuary worlds. Causing death to our travelers carrying us. Hence this fight we do not want." 
He kept up translating "Says we methods for creation is different from your creation. We cannot do anything to change our creation method. Earthari tried to change us. Earthari created problem Earthari species from that method. Problem species gets mad. Picks onto other Earthari. Causes fight with Fishla joining. Fishla destroy Earthari's home Terra."
He heard gasps from the Ambassadors as he continued "Says Fishla sorry for destroy Terra. Call the Terra people Earthari out of respects. Makes it forbidden for Fishla to speak the name of Human. Only say Earthari to Terra people."
Terror found the Tennan giving off a sound of fear to find Leader Lave coming into sight to hear from an Ambassador "Leader Lave we discovered the identity of the Spiders."
Terror kept his mouth into a thin line finding Leader Lave going up to the spoken Ambassador with yellow scaly skin, to stand once in front of him with a glare seen.
Terror spoke firmly "Leader Lave, kindly tell the Ambassadors your people's side in this conflict with the Spiders. They already said their side."
He got from Leader Lave holding up a hand up in a direction to find a female Fishla in angelic form appear from a hidden status to grip his hand. 
Terror heard gasps as he heard from the female Fishla her singing. 
He hearing her words as Leader Lave spoke "Says I'm Sora of the Fishla species. Created from a Fishla and an Earthari into this form one thousand Earthari's cycles ago. We Fishla had females that were dying out with no explanation. The Spiders as Earthari called them arrived to Fishlala our home world, with promises to save our females. The promise wasn't kept, instead the females died out leaving one left. An Earthari was found amid the wreckage of a Spider's ship destroyed and brought to a colony. The Earthari male was ordered to create with a Fishla female creating myself and others in the process. The Spiders returned to the colony causing great death in the process. The colony's planetary world is now dead. Nothing can live there anymore from the destruction. The Spiders took the Earthari with them contained in one of their warships. The Earthari was assumed responsible for the Spiders' destruction on the colony planet and its now dead status."
He heard silence from the Ambassadors as Leader Lave continued speaking "Says we Fishla got mad in anger from the destruction. Blamed the Earthari species for the colony's deadness. We spent time going among planetary worlds seeking Earthari. I and others wound up using ourselves to appear as heavenly beings of light in an attempt to gain information on the Earthari. Earthari's home world Terra was found as pointed out by an Earthari seeking an alliance with us to fight a civil war. We Fishla destroyed Terra as a result. Then tried to destroy the Earthari's ships in this alliance, who mostly escaped us." 
He continued to hear from Leader Lave "Says one of the Earthari's ships was shot down with the pilot, in an attempt to find out more information on their species. The Earthari captured turned out to be a Gate Destroyer as the Earthari calls them. He along with Leader Lave talked us Fishla out of causing more death towards the Earthari's species. We call the Earthari by their name out of respects for causing them great pain. We are forbidden from speaking the actual name of the Earthari as said to us by a species of death you refer as Souler."
Terror exhaled a breath to find a Souler walking into sight hearing nothing more from Leader Lave. Sora he saw floated away disappearing from eyesight fading from view. He eyed the Souler warily to find the male folding his arms while still holding onto his sword and stomping his foot three times with a break between stomps. 
Terror heard from Leader Lave "That's Soulers' speak 'This gathering is over with move along now or we'll cause you death'. 
They pulled that speak behavior onto us Fishla on our home world. The Soulers appearing from no where have been around as long as there's Fishla and Earthari cohabiting. Doesn't matter where. They aim to make sure that there's a permanent peace between my species and the Earthari."
Terror frowned eyeing Leader Lave to find one of the Ambassadors taking the Fishla's arm while walking away appearing to be towards the entrance to the garden.
He heard from the Ambassador having Leader Lave's arm "Do you care to know who the Spiders are?"
Terror got from Leader Lave he heard loudly "The Tennans are the Spiders aren't they?"
He heard multiple gasps sound followed the Ambassadors to hear from Leader Lave "Records of the Spiders and their descriptions of who they are were very well detailed. With due respects I do speak for the Fishla we are willing to make peace with the Tennans. Just as long as the Tennans get it the peaceful terms of their creation method."
Terror exhaled a breath to hear from an Ambassador "You seem to know what's the Tennans' creation method is."
He heard from Sora sounding despite not seeing her to hear from Leader Lave "We're aware of what the creation methods the Tennans use for creating more of their own people. With due respects to the Tennans I don't care to go into further detail on their creation methods. It fully detailed to us. The Tennans made it clear that their creation methods must be kept secret. I will be silent on this matter out of respect towards them in peace's sakes."
Terror frowned finding Leader Lave repeating Sora's words to continue to hear from Sora hearing the Fishla repeating her words "We have taken responsibly towards the Earthari for the destruction of Terra their home world. Out of peace towards the Earthari, we have given them sanctuary in our home world and planetary colonies in our territory to live and survive. It was we who told the Earthari of the Tennans and their creation methods. Without realizing it that they wanted the subject not to be said. The Tennans in response in return started to target the Earthari. In apparent anger after we Fishla told the Earthari various secrets of them they didn't want to be said. We take responsibility for the destruction done onto the Earthari species by the Tennans in their anger towards us speaking their secrets."
Terror exhaled another breath to feel a body block his way. He looked down to find a Tennan in a pet form blocking his way. He found the Ambassadors walking out of sight with Leader Lave he hearing nothing from them in response. Terror eyed the Tennan that mad her familiar follow me gesture. He obeyed finding her leading him to the familiar tree which he sat down to sense himself stared at. He shut his eyes once crossed legged to focus onto the staring he spotted the familiar Gate Destroyer. 
He realized with a start "It's Patrick or a mirror brother I unsure of which one was which." 
Terror concentrated onto Patrick who appeared from a hidden status to walk up towards him to kneel in front of him arm length away. He opened his eyes to find an egg floating into eyesight view. The egg darted into Patrick via stomach who groaned loudly while hearing a ripping sound. He finding the mirror brother separating himself from the Gate Destroyer's body from the front and kneeling next to him. Terror exhaled a breath to frown staring at the mirror brothers to find the egg coming out, followed by Patrick's brother shredding into dirt, followed by Patrick groaning softly. 
He exhaled a breath as Patrick was heard speaking Tennans' growling language "Father, tell me my creation. The Tennans said that you created me."
Terror stiffened with shock widening his eyes with recognition through him. 
Terror spoke firmly in Tennans' growling language from memory fully in mind "I mated with a female. The female birthed you. You had a mirror brother created by an entity inhibiting you as always."
Terror clamped his mouth shut he feeling himself annoyed with what he blurt to eye Patrick who spoke "All Seeing One, I beg your forgiveness."
He sighed to hear from Patrick again "I recognized my brother Justen the moment I laid eyes onto him. I knew who his female was whose name is Diana, while she was carrying his child, I took responsibility. I sort of took advantage of her in a mating way, soon after she birthed her son, unstopped by my people while I had the entity inhibiting me. I caused Diana to birth numerous entities. As a result the assassin, The Little Assassin as dubbed, had to scream them to death. Justen proved to be the leader of the Gate Destroyers by destroying an entity that tried to attack him. He exiled me from the nesting room where the Gate Destroyers were hiding via ordering my mirror brother out. The Tennans, I met on the way from the Command Center weren't happy with my stunt involving the entities. They told me to seek you out for forgiveness."
Terror found Patrick crawling towards him to put find his son putting hands onto his legs. 
Patrick groaning out he hearing "All Seeing One I beg your forgiveness. Forgive me please."
He spoke firmly "You're forgiven my son."
Terror didn't say a word as he found Patrick still bowed facing him to place a hand on top of his son's head gently rubbing. Terror wound up to hear sobbing sounds from the Gate Destroyer sounding of relief to him. He sighed again and found Patrick didn't seem lengthy with the crying instead got up moving himself out of his hand's grip. Patrick seen walking away without a backwards' glance. Terror groaned in response as he shut his eyes to focus onto Patrick as if compelled to find his son meeting another Gate Destroyer. A male he saw with facial appearance of Justen despite short blond hair blocking his son's way with growling loudly while displaying a golden eyed look. 
He heard from Patrick "What hissy fit are you throwing Kennik? It's Justen who's the leader and not me. I know that now. I was power mad with that stinking entity inhibiting me. It is no excuse actually. I should own up to my own actions."
Kennik spoke in response "Where's that stinking mirror brother of yours anyway?"
Patrick spoke "There's no mirror brother. Just a manifestation of having the entity inhibiting me that splits me into two pieces to form mirror brothers."
Kennik spoke "Interesting. Anyway that's not why I'm here throwing a hissy fit as you call them. Justen ordered me to find you. Have you come to the nesting room. He refuses to say what reason for that order. He sounded firm and calm when he gave the order towards me. Besides what's with you associating yourself with the Tennans anyway? They said that you were hiding around here talking to some god of theirs."
Patrick he heard spoke "Doesn't matter as long as we go to the nesting room and see what Justen wants. I suspect I know what's going on but I'm going to the nesting room with or without you."
He found Patrick turning hidden indicating an outline to find Kennik the other Gate Destroyer turning into an outline. Terror heard the familiar hissing sound again. 
Terror opened his eyes to find an egg within level of his eyes speaking "Forgiveness All Seeing One. Please forgive us."
He exhaled a breath to groan softly on what happened next, followed by the egg getting onto his lap and him grunting from pain of the entity entering him. He again heard the Queen singing her joyful noise as he rubbed a hand onto his stomach before putting it onto his thigh. Terror wound up shutting his eyes to focus onto Justen standing in the Gate Destroyer's nesting room with golden eyes glaring at a female Gate Destroyer with Justen's face. 
He realized with a start "Kennik had Justen's face. Kennik and the female Gate Destroyer are descendants of Justen by their faces always the same as his."
Terror heard nothing from the Queen to his thought to focus onto Justen glaring at the female who looked nervous followed by hearing from his son "You let that kid take off with my son didn't you Lisana? It was on anger towards Diana for appearing to understand our language. Don't deny that fact Lisana that you punched her unconscious hence she having a bruise on her face."
He exhaled a breath hearing that to keep on focusing onto Justen finding Lisana speaking "I shouldn't have punched her. She screaming at us to get her son back from that kid some freak assassin whoever he is. I punched Diana to shut up with her annoying screaming. I could feel the screaming she was giving off via my own skull."
Justen spoke "Interesting."
He heard the edge in Justen's voice tone to hear the Queen singing an annoyed tone. He sensed himself stared at by a Tennan opened his eyes to glare.
Terror got in response "Queen speaks look elsewhere. Computers is already in Gate Destroyer's home computing away. No need to look."
He obeyed to focus onto D'Clan to find the kid carrying a large bag while looking nervous walking in a hallway concentrated onto him. Terror heard the Queen's questioning tone as he felt his mind scanned. 
Terror mentally spoke from assuming the Queen's noises was from the egg inside him "D'Clan's carrying Justen's offspring in that bag while hoping the baby will be quiet hence his nervousness seen."
He felt his mind continued on being scanned to find D'Clan act like he was being hit from behind collapsing onto the floor dropping the bag that gave up a muffled wailing noise. Terror grimaced to see a dart sticking out of D'Clan's back to find T'La coming into view to his shock putting away a dart's gun. T'La seen picking up the bag giving her brother a kick in the side who remained still while appearing to look unconscious. He kept focus onto T'La who carried the bag into an elevator to find it going up followed by going out to enter the Trading Center. T'La walking to reach a booth having a female Telepath there by the all black eyes and hand her the bag, while shaking her head in Human no gesture forming disgust on her face. Terror watched as the female Telepath handed the bag towards another female appearing to be a Gate Destroyer hidden by the outline seen. The Gate Destroyer hiding the bag into an outline while carrying it he tracked to the Gate Destroyers' nesting room handing the bag towards Justen. He found Justen taking out the baby and going towards Diana lying asleep on a cot. Terror heard the Queen's annoyance tone. He shift focus onto the female Telepath that was handed a bag by T'La. She, he saw, wound up tossing T'La a small bag she caught that clinked of money to him. He heard the Queen's singing sounding annoyed to him to sense the Tennan staring at him again.
Terror opened his eyes with annoyance running through him to hear "Queen speaks look elsewhere. Computer computing at location will compute information for us."
He shut his eyes as if needing to do it to focus onto D'Clan finding a Tennan near the kid shaking the male awake who remained still. Terror kept on focusing onto D'Clan to find T'La arrive into view to yank out a syringe injecting it into her brother's neck followed by pocketing the drug. He eyed D'Clan who woke up twisting onto his back getting up in a fast acrobatic move then wound up waving a fist aimed at T'La who looked nervous. 
He found D'Clan going into a furious sign language talk he getting it what was said "Next time don't do this stunt onto me! I expect to know what's going on with you and your agreement with them! I'm sick of the secrets you're keeping from me! I want to trust you sister dear, but this latest stunt have me angry at you!"
Terror found Leader Lave standing in the hallway with Telepath's eyes focused onto D'Clan and T'La who both appear to didn't noticed him watching them as if drawn. He frowned to focus onto Leader Lave finding the Fishla willing aside the Telepathic look. Terror saw Leader Lave walking up towards D'Clan and T'La both to stand next to them. He noticed the kids ignoring Leader Lave's presence by both getting into a rapid fire sign language talk he unable to get it what they were saying. Terror focused onto the kids to find D'Clan collapsing onto the floor grabbed by Leader Lave. He looked to notice T'La had hands onto her brother looking concerned. He eyed Leader Lave who flared the Telepathic look onto T'La she doing a double take look to look nervous. This was followed by she seen looking really scared. He frowned as D'Clan's form shook repeatedly in a thrashing move followed by seeing T'La sitting down onto the floor looking upset and got herself to lie down onto the area while shutting her eyes. She giving off a twin thrashing move. He focused onto Leader Lave to find the Fishla looking at the ceiling giving a glare of accusation in his Human blue eyes after willing aside the Telepathic look. Terror found a Tennan crawling down the wall belly onto it to slide to the floor. The Tennan seen putting hands onto D'Clan's front poking the kid to see with shock an egg come out sailing into the ceiling. D'Clan quitted the thrashing and getting up with an acrobatic move looking angry. He eyed the Tennan that went to poke a thrashing T'La on the stomach to see another egg come out of her. She getting up in twin acrobatic move her brother got up. 
He found T'La signing towards the Tennan while hearing D'Clan speaking "Says seek forgiveness with your All Seeing One, Tennan for that entity trick. You Tennans aren't supposed to be doing this entity trick onto kids. Especially us kids who are used for your creation with your Queen. Take a look at our faces. We have the tech for the creation on us that hasn't been removed if you don't believe us."
Terror focused onto the Tennan he heard spoke Tennans' language while seeing D'Clan repeating the words in sign language towards T'La "We believe you and your words. Seen to what's on your faces. Do not remove the tech. It'll bring death to you. Its removal brought death to the other kids. Suffered a sick ailment. Death claimed them."
He got from T'La signing in response while hearing D'Clan speaking "Says we're aware of this death status hitting the other kids as pointed out by a healer to us on this. Hence we both still have the tech fully on our faces. We ask that you refrain from doing the entity trick onto either one of us. We suffered a sickness ailment from having the entity trick done onto us that caused us to reject nourishment soon after taking it in. The nourishment rejection caused our bodies to get sicker with the shakes ailment. Hence Leader Lave here asking you to remove the entity from within us."
He found the Tennan in response giving a head bob in a Human gesture before climbing up the wall into the air duct out of sight. 
Terror focused onto Leader Lave to find the Fishla speaking "Come along with me now. I believe that there's food grown in the garden for you to eat. It's from evidence of consumption from the Ambassadors munching onto the food appearing to be edible. I believe this food they munched on has an Earthari name of apple. You need it to keep your strength up so come along now."
Terror found Leader Lave led the two to the garden via a back way route instead of taking a route through the Trading Center. He focused onto Leader Lave leading the way towards an apple tree, he saw, and holding down a branch using his tall height to hold it for the kids. He watched as both D'Clan and T'La attacked the branch yanking off the apples and eating them nearly entirely while spitting out the stems and seeds from their hungry eating fast. 
Terror sensed objects placed onto his lap to hear "Forgive me, All Seeing One."
He opened his eyes to find a Tennan in front of him belly onto the ground and found the objects on his lap was multiple apples. 
Terror heard from the Tennan "Computer compute nourishment must taken now."
Terror obeyed to eat up all the apples on his lap he counting about five in number. He while leaving the seeds and stems instead of eating them to be scattered around the ground around him. Terror found the Tennan remained belly onto the ground in front of him after he finished eating his food. 
He got from the Tennan in response while hearing from the Queen singing in a sad pity tone "Forgive us All Seeing One, hurting you. Hurters was intended towards you. Forgive us."
Terror exhaled a breath to continue to hear "Queen speaks curiosity on healer's tech speaking All Seeing One's shell's inner workings."
Terror kept his mouth shut he recalled "Shell is Tennans' speak for body."
He formed a glare with annoyance running through him while eyeing the Tennan.
He continued to hear the Queen's sad tone as the drone spoke again "Forgive Queen, All Seeing One. Curiosity was from computer computing within healer using tech to see inner shell's workings on Earthari. Queen's curiosity got too much for Queen towards All Seeing One. Queen speaks forgive me All Seeing One."
Terror heard an egg hiss "Calm down All Seeing One. Listen to drone on what Queen says."
He obeyed to will himself to calm as he heard the egg continuing on hissing its familiar calm down comment repeatedly despite not seeing the entity ball around. 
Terror eyed the Tennan to hear "Forgive us All Seeing One. Forgive Queen. Queen speaks one request will do for you in exchange for forgiveness."
He recalled T'La and D'Clan mentally spoke knowing the Queen can hear him "My request is not to compute two Earthari answering to the name of D'Clan and T'La. I'll forgive you my Queen if you honor that request."
Terror heard a joyful singing tone from the Queen to eye the Tennan sitting up kneeling that spoke "Queen speaks request granted All Seeing One."
He exhaled a breath to find the Tennan added "Computer compute All Seeing One says movement necessary now."
Terror got up without a word and thought to himself "I might as well go to the Command Center and check on Renova. She birthed an egg quiet recently. I like to make sure she's doing fine despite not going to the Medical Bay for a checkup."
He took a step towards the garden's entrance to find the Tennan blocking his way he hearing the Queen singing in an annoyed voice tone.
Terror glared to hear from the Tennan "Queen speaks walk in garden only. Computer computing All Seeing One says garden good for shell's inner working."
He obeyed to wander around the garden via the paths highlighted by sticks indicating glow lights to him that weren't shining. Terror walked seemingly lengthy walking on the path till he felt fed up walked back to the Tennans' tree despite sensing himself followed.
He ignored the following hearing the Queen singing in an angry voice tone he figured "She's calling Tennans to handle the following of me."
Terror went to a tree ignoring the Tennans' tree to sit down onto the ground crossed legged and shut his eyes to focus onto the follower. He saw was a male Fishla dressed into a Leader's uniform this time put on a mask of a Skull. The Fishla appeared to be quietly edging himself towards him seated while holding a knife in hand. He heard the Queen's angry singing voice sounding within his mind getting louder. Only to feel a familiar vibration within his skull he finding his ability gone from him as he heard familiar singing. Terror jerked open his eyes to find Sora he assumed was her singing away while having a hand onto the male Fishla's shoulder. The Fishla removed the Skull mask and then kneeled in front of him with a sad look in face despite blue beady eyes. 
Terror frowned finding Sora quit her singing to fade away followed by the male Fishla speaking in Agamemnon the Humans species' language "Forgive me. I have a confession to admit."
He kept his mouth shut in response to notice a Souler appear from a hidden status behind the Fishla only to get Sora appearing in view placing her hand onto the Souler's shoulder. 
Terror found the Souler and Sora backing up disappearing from view to focus onto the Fishla male who continued "I am the descendant of the Fishla that found an Earthari floating in space after destroying a Tennan's traveler."
Terror exhaled a breath as the Fishla continued speaking while having head bowed "The Fishla back then, thought burying a sick one into the ground would heal, despite the water as Earthari call our Giver of Life not doing anything for healing. The colony world where the Fire Wheel was found was used for such healings. The Earthari was buried into the ground after found in space. The Earthari appearing to be a male in Earthari's terms, healed from the burial including surviving the Fire Wheel's burning to fall into some sleeping status."
Terror didn't comment a response as the Fishla continued "The Earthari was used with the last of our females to create kids that resulted into descendant females becoming what we dub Sora as their titled name."
He exhaled a breath hearing the use of the name of Sora to continue to hear "The Tennans arrived to the colony world caused destruction of death in their search for this Earthari. They left once they found the Earthari leaving us Fishla to assume the Earthari was the leader of them. We Fishla beg forgiveness for the wrong committed against the Tennans as you their Ambassador speaking for them."
He found the Fishla looking up to eye him with his bubble eyes who added "You who speak for the Tennans tell them we Fishla are sorry for the wrongs committed against them. We beg forgiveness."
Terror heard from the Queen singing in a joyful tone to speak in Agamemnon "Your forgiveness has been received and accepted. Go in peace now that the burden has been lifted from you."
Terror eyed the Fishla who without a word got up pocketing his knife but left his Skull mask lying onto the ground. Terror wound up to watch the male walking towards one of the paths in the garden and taking it out of sight. He felt himself stared at to frown finding the Souler and a Sora he assumed was her species' name and not her name appearing into sight as if they heard the Fishla's confession. 
Terror frowned as the Sora sing words he getting her talk "Terror what confession do you wish to say to us?"
He heard the Queen singing in a sad tone to groan feeling the egg getting out of him to hover in front of him followed by resuming its status inside him. 
Terror spoke realizing what the Queen wanted him to say "The entities inhibiting manoids can give them the ability to hear their creator sounding in some singing voice tone untranslatable on what is said."
He clamped his mouth shut hearing the Sora singing "Don't hide the truth from us Ancient One. We know that the Tennans' creator is a Queen. She who sings to manoids having entities or eggs as their actually are inside them. Confirm that you can hear their Queen's singing."
He spoke firmly "I confirm."
Terror heard the Queen's singing in an angry tone spoke firmly "I'm hearing her sounding angry. I think she wants an end to this talk now."
He got from the Sora singing "Sora is the name of our leader of us Fishla females and not our species' name. It's the name I've taken as a title."
He didn't comment a response to find the Souler putting aside his sword into a scabbard and putting a hand onto his masked face touching the chin and making a tap motion. He found the mask covering the Souler's face disappearing from view showing a Souler with Human blue eyes he saw the face seemed familiar to him. 
Terror heard the Queen singing joyfully to hear from Sora singing "This Earthari and the Earthari found one thousand Earthari years ago is the one and the same. It is him who created us both via mating with females. He mated with a Fishla female and created us as we are now. He mated with an Earthari female that created you Long Lived One."
Terror stiffened hearing Sora's words to find the Souler's face was twin to his who gave him a head gesture in the Ancients' way. He gave a twin gesture seeing the Souler tapping his forehead and getting the mask back covering his face in a fast move. He didn't say a word as Sora and the Souler disappeared from view to shut his eyes focusing his attention onto Justen as if feeling like needing to do it. Terror saw Justen in a lip lock with a female he recognized to be Diana while she was holding a bundle indicating a baby in her arms. Both spied on by various Gate Destroyers in the room they having familiar looks of reverence aimed at the two ignoring them stared at. 
He sighed when he heard the Queen singing in an annoyed tone to recall "The Queen hates me seeing mating like behavior from manoids. She finds inappropriate for me to see. Hence she sounding annoyed."
Terror shifted away from the couple to focus onto Patrick to find the Gate Destroyer was in the nesting room looking like he accepted Justen by the expression on his face. The Queen again sang sounding annoyed. He shifted to focus onto Renova in the Command Center to find Leader Lave already there with the kids seated at the computer's table both looking like they weren't angry at each other. He sighed feeling himself relieved to find that D'Clan had forgiven T'La for the darting unconscious status. 
Renova he saw rubbed a hand on her forehead looking wearily before she spoke "Argh, Ricos locked me out again. What is going on with that security officer? I ought to have a word with him on this locked out status joke he keeps on pulling onto me."
Leader Lave spoke "T'La, handle this will you?"
He eyed T'La as if drawn to find her getting up going around the table towards Renova. 
T'La without a signed gesture began typing onto the keyboard he hearing "Access granted. File on Andre Ricos open."
T'La without a signed comment went to sit down next to her brother who held up a hand them both high fiving each other. 
Renova spoke again after a lengthy pause he noticing her reading a computer monitor screen "Interesting it's a no wonder he's pulling this jokey status of locking me out. He doesn't want to admit that he paid a huge money amount towards two assassins to take out a certain annoying idiot as labeled next to the victim's name."
Leader Lave spoke "T'La, D'Clan something you want to admit hmm?"
T'La signed as D'Clan spoke "Says Andre Ricos made a deal with the Commandant for having those two assassins take out the victim. It's in exchange for giving out various tactical information leaked to the Telepaths in this civil war. The Commandant took back his word on having assassins take out the victim. Hence the useless payment price used. The Commandant did intend for the victim to die by an assassination. He did order for Andre Ricos to be assassinated soon after the victim was dead. Unfortunately Leaders intercepted the attempt onto this Andre Ricos. The Leaders got the assassins captured and suffering some terrible punishment of whipping on the back, as a result."
Leader Lave was heard speaking "I'll handle the punishment towards this Andre Ricos, Commander. Just have T'La or D'Clan handle the lockout statuses. Pardon me."
Leader Lave left the room he tracked to hear singing from Sora he understood what she said "Andre Ricos is currently in the brig contained there by the Security Chief's orders. She caught him doing the lockouts. He's not taking containment very well at the moment. This Andre is seen clawing the walls and acting like he's hearing something.
He's heard complaining over and over 'Stop your annoying singing.'
I have nothing to do with that singing he's complaining about. I figured it's the Tennans' Queen singing to him while he's got an egg as they call it inside him."
Leader Lave he tracked in response went to the brig's office to meet the Security Chief a female Human who spoke "If your here for Lieutenant Andre Ricos then get in line now. He's ticked off various people. They've point him responsible for the leaks in the now defunct civil war with the Telepaths. That including the death of General Leroy."
Leader Lave spoke in response "Kindly show me visual of what's this Earthari is doing in his cell now."
The Security Chief in response pressed a button to stare at a wall he spotted Leader Lave looking. Terror saw an overhead view of Andre Ricos in his cell clawing the walls while speaking out the words that Sora spoken to the Fishla. Terror frowned to sense himself stared at by a Tennan to growl an annoyed sound opening his eyes to glare with annoyance running through him. 
He got from the Tennan "Queen speaks computer compute computing Andre Ricos' mind. Badness detected. Andre Ricos computed have badness mind. Andre Ricos says forgiveness badness leaves mind. Computer computes this."
He shut his eyes in response to focus onto Andre Ricos to find the male was in a jail cell clawing the walls still repeating his singing complaint over and over. Terror found the Tennan giving out a loud hiss followed by sensing a presence staring at him. He focused onto the presence to find a male Telepath with the uniform of one walking towards him in the clearing before kneeling to stare at him.
Terror opened his eyes to focus onto the Telepath who spoke verbalizing his words "Forgive me All Seeing One. I have a confession to speak."
He didn't say a word in response eyed the Telepath who continued "We are Telepaths with mind walking abilities. We can create songs in the minds of Humans to hear over and over words not understandable. We did this to one Andre Ricos to keep him from telling the Humans that he betrayed them in this defunct civil war. All Andre Ricos needs to do to get rid of the singing in his mind is to speak a code word forgiveness. He's no longer insane suffering from the noises."
Terror kept his mouth shut as the Telepath continued speaking "General Leroy was ordered dead in retaliation to allying himself with the Fishla that destroyed Terra. We Telepaths surrendered to General Leroy's forces from recognizing the threat the Fishla was going to be. It was we who ordered this Telepathic male to be changed into a Fishla. It's to speak for our Ambassador a Gate Destroyer the Commandant trusted with his life to guard him from harm. The Ambassador, Justen as he was called was sent to speak for the Humans. He was seen as someone who could be trusted to save the Human species by the Commandant himself."
Terror exhaled a breath as the Telepath continued "Forgive me All Seeing One on my confession. I hope for forgiveness from you. I will admit what I said to you to the Humans in the Command Center once this burden is lifted."
Terror spoke firmly "You're forgiven. Go now. Lift your burden."
He found the Telepath in response getting up to give him a bow with hands clasped in front of him before walking out of sight to hear the Queen's joyful singing again. Terror sighed to focus onto Renova in the Command Center only to hear the Queen's singing in an annoyed tone.
He opened his eyes to find a Tennan in front of him speaking "Computer compute All Seeing One movement must now. Queen speaks visit Andre Ricos now."
Terror without a word got up and recalled Leader Lave's route to the brig. He took the route to find the Fishla inside the Security Chief's office glaring at the wall showing an image of Andre Ricos. 
He grimaced to speak noticing them not acknowledging his presence "Excuse me."
Terror waited patiently as Leader Lave looked his way followed by speaking "Chief, see that Terror here gains access to Andre Ricos' cell now."
He heard an Hmph from the Security Chief who got up without a word he hearing her mutter "All Seeing One."
Terror glared at the Security Chief. Terror followed her out of the office down the hallway having gated doorways. She seen wound up to stop at a doorway waving a hand over the console to see the gate slide open. He walked inside finding Leader Lave next to him appearing to be glaring at Andre with an all black eyed glare. Terror waited as Andre quit his chanting and groaned loudly while leaning against the wall before focusing onto his direction. He saw Andre display a widened eyed look like shocked about something when Andre's eyes fell onto him. 
Terror spoke firmly "Forgiveness do you want it? Confess your crime."
He heard his voice sounded odd to him as he repeated his question finding Andre gulping followed by going to kneel in front of him with head bowed. 
Terror eyed Andre who spoke in response "I beg your forgiveness All Seeing One. I confess my crime I'm guilty of. My crime is leaking tactical information to the Telepaths in this defunct civil war among Humans. I also am guilty of the crime of ordering the death of General Duncan Leroy by assassination."
Terror kept his mouth shut as Andre looked up looking at him in the eyes and adding "I admit it. I was angry at General Duncan Leroy enough to order him dead. I blamed him for the loss of my older brother Miguel Ricos on a Human colony world that was formerly of life now dead. I used the blame of my loss to control my anger towards people. Hence the leakage of tactical information and the assassination of a Human."
He eyed Andre who lowered his head and heard "Forgive me. The blame or my anger is no excuse for me to do my behavior. I should have used words to tell General Duncan Leroy my anger towards him instead of lashing out wrongly. I paid the price with the death of Humans' blood on my hands including the death of an honorable Human. I will pay the price with my death if it calls for it. Forgive me."
Terror spoke as if compelled "You're forgiven. You'll live the remainder of your life forever contained till death calls for you. You'll live with the knowledge that the blood of the dead Humans is staining your hands. Nothing not even your death can remove the stain. Only the next generation can remove the stain in your honor. Remember this well."
He walked out of the cell finding Leader Lave in the hallway to find the Security Chief shutting the gate over the doorway via hand over the console. 
Terror wordlessly followed Leader Lave to the Security Chief's office to find the Security Chief snarling "Bastard should die for what he did."
He glared at the Security Chief hearing Sora's familiar singing to find her looking at him with nervousness and again speaking as Sora quit her singing "Alright. I confess I was angry when I heard what he confessed. I thought death of an execution would be the answer. You being an All Seeing One seem to have a plan involving him kept alive."
Terror didn't say a word as he heard from Leader Lave "Andre Ricos isn't the hand that killed your General Leroy. The hand was the Commandant actually whose dead and assassins punished as a result."
He saw Security Chief do a double take look he gave her an Ancients' head gesture of making the head go up and down towards her. 
Terror got a sound of disgust from the Security Chief who spoke "Anything else? I'm tempted to have you both into a jail cell for barging into my office without announcing your presences to me. I hate those unannounced visits."
He eyed Leader Lave who spoke "Terror, come with me now."
Terror obeyed to follow Leader Lave to the Trading Center to find a Souler halting the Fishla by hand onto the male's arm as he heard gasps. Terror kept his mouth shut while eyeing the Souler who placed a hand onto Leader Lave's shoulder in a peaceful gesture before walking away. He spotted going to the other Soulers to walk into the elevator out of sight. Terror found Leader Lave continue on walking he finding the crowd ignoring the Fishla and not giving off threatening behavior this time. He followed Leader Lave to the Command Center to his annoyance to find the familiar male Telepath was inside the room. He frowned finding Renova opposite to the Telepath shaking her left hand. 
The Telepath was groaning out "Aw you have a mean left fist."
Terror found Renova giving off a loud growling noise sounding Gate Destroyer like and then again threw her fist into the Telepath's face. The Telepath stepped back groaning while snapping his head back. He heard growling noises of Humans sounding Gate Destroyer like in the room as he gave Leader Lave a glare. 
Leader Lave he glared at spoke "Pardon me, Commander. I brought Terror with me seeing that he's needed here."
Terror focused onto the Telepath to see the Telepath's eyes widen seeing him. This was followed by the Telepath kneeling and blurting everything the male told him before in the garden with a firm voice tone. He again hearing the growling noises sounding in the room. Terror's senses blared warning behind him he figured that Justen was behind him hiding.
He spoke firmly "Leader Lave isn't there something you wish to confess to the Earthari as you call them?"
He glared at Leader Lave hearing silence in the room to find the male holding up a hand followed by seeing Sora appearing holding the Fishla's hand while hearing gasps sounding. He heard Leader Lave admit what he said regarding Sora and the Tennans. He again hearing growling sounds in the room. Terror clapped his hands forming a glare on his face while glaring at Renova and the Telepath back and forth. He found them both flinching from his glare as he heard the growling noises cease to his relief. 
Terror continued to hear from Leader Lave "It was a Gate Destroyer answering to the name of Justen. It was he who contacted me to talk to my people out of causing further destruction towards Earthari. My people didn't listen to him at first when contact was made. Instead they tortured him very terribly. He kept on maintaining his story of wanting to talk us Fishla out of extinction towards the Earthari. He kept on saying that Earthari had nothing to do with the Tennans and their destruction. I admit it that his talking on keeping his story the same ever despite his terrible torture was the only reason to convince us to leave you Earthari alive."
He heard silence in the room as Leader Lave continued speaking "The Soulers mysteriously got a hold of us Fishla actually. They pointed out that our females weren't really dead as thought. Instead our females had changed forms into what you call as angelic beings of light."
He heard Sora's singing to hear from the computer blaring "We communicate to people via singing method. Fishla's males can get it our words instantly. There's few Earthari that are blessed with the ability to get our words without translator help."
Terror found Sora fading from view spoke loudly "Justen you care to comment a response to what you heard?"
He heard gasps as he saw Justen walk into his eyesight displaying Human black eyes instead of a hidden status.
Justen spoke he hearing the computer translating his words "The Commandant despite his flaws of being a dictator sent me to the Fishla. He trusted me with his life to save the Humans. His loyalty towards the Humans changed when it was obvious the Fishla were doing genocide after the destruction of Terra. He sent me as simple as that. I did what I had to do to save the Humans. The Fishla awarded me the Leader title in response hence I going around like one."
Terror eyed Leader Lave in response to find the Fishla touching Justen on the shoulder in a peaceful way copying the Souler's gesture. His son he saw appeared to accept the hand's touch by allowing the hand to remain on the area. He didn't comment a response slowly walked out of the room finding himself not noticed leaving. Terror walked to the garden taking the back ways route to there to find the Tennans' familiar tree to resume sitting down in a crossed legged position. He sighed shutting his eyes to focus onto Justen he found was hidden walking in a hallway he tracked took a route to the garden. Terror discovered his son making a beeline towards where he was sitting. Terror opened his eyes once he sensed Justen coming nearer and nearer to find his son arriving into view. His son went up to him and halted once an arm length away to kneel in front of him. 
Terror eyed Justen who spoke "Father."
Terror exhaled from Justen's word to hear from the Queen sounding in an angry tone via her singing. 
He didn't comment a response as Justen gave him a glare followed by his son speaking "The explosion of pain that happened to the Queen was from her detecting an egg as their referred inside me. She tried to get me out to get the egg out in her panic. Her panicking resulted of getting off planet bound on Terra to another planet as a result. The Queen from what I know of her is furious with someone for this stunt. She has indicated via Tennan that it's not me she's furious with. So talk Father on what's she's talking about."
Terror inhaled and spoke firmly "Forgive me my son. I sort of taunted an egg to enter you before you were brought to be merged with the Queen."
He heard nothing from the Queen in response to get a golden eyed glare from Justen. 
Terror kept talking "I favored you too much as a son. I didn't want to see you mindless speaking the words of any of the manoids merged into the Queen. I did what I could to get the Tennans to get my message that I didn't want you to be the male, as they refer you. I wanted you out of this merging. Forgive me for this my son."
He got a Tennan coming into view to kneel next to Justen the being speaking "Queen speaks she gets All Seeing One's feeling towards the One he favors. Queen speaks no merging with happen again with manoids. Queen speaks tired of the pain from this. Queen speaks prefer birthing eggs easy on the pain. Queen speaks she will avoid computing the One, All Seeing One favors. Queen speaks there's a price tag on forgiveness towards All Seeing One. All Seeing One must be computed fine."
Terro recalled that the word fine by the Tennans was their speak "No arguments."
Terror spoke firmly towards the Tennan "The computer to compute me must always speak words of forgiveness before computing me fine."
He glared at the Tennan as he heard the Queen's joyful singing to hear from the Tennan "Queen speaks her agreement towards All Seeing One."
Terror shifted to eye Justen who gave him a golden eyed glare in response as he found the Tennan walking out of sight. 
He spoke towards Justen "I beg you for forgiveness my son."
Justen spoke he hearing "Tell me why I am always angry whenever I see the Tennans' eggs?"
He spoke firmly recalling Justen's anger from long ago "Your anger is from the eggs having the ability to inhibit Humans something you didn't like. You're always angry from seeing Humans sick from an egg inhibiting."
Terror clamped his mouth into a thin line while eyeing Justen to find another Tennan coming into view. The Tennan seen to gently placed a clawed hand onto Justen's shoulder in a peaceful gesture. Terror found Justen shutting his eyes and appearing to be willing himself to calm followed by opening his eyes showing Human black eyes. 
He sighed softly while eyeing Justen who appeared to be calm who spoke calmly "I forgive you, Father. I forgive the Tennans for the merging as they refer it. I accept their declaration of not having humanoids merging with their Queen. I won't target the Tennans in some violent way as long as they avoid having an egg inhibit me. I don't care for that. I care for the Queen to forgive me for causing her pains."
Terror heard from the Queen singing in a joyful tone to hear from the Tennan "Queen speaks she forgives. Queen speaks she learned her lesson. Queen speaks enough of manoids merging. Queen speaks too much pain, prefer something else for birthing."
He sighed softly to get up going towards Justen who got up to stand facing him. He reached out a hand and touched Justen onto the shoulder in a gentle squeeze move finding his son copying him. Terror sighed as he felt the Tennan hugging his leg with an arm. He seeing Justen not complaining in response from the being hugging their legs from below them. He sighed as Justen appeared to give him respects he saw in his son's eyes and face. 
Terror got from Justen "Just learn to forgive yourself, Father."
He frowned as Justen released his hold onto his shoulder as he did the same and watched his son turn hidden by black eyes of a Telepath seen followed by walking away. He resumed sitting down to grunt as memories spilled into his mind. Terror grunted from the egg felt within him restoring his memories he forgot. 
He recalled himself "I was on Terra walking in a forest when something from above crashed near me. I didn't recognize the object but went up a tree to hide. I told by the Ancients that we were to hide from the Lower Ones as we referred them. I hid in the tree as the Lower Ones, Humans arrived to examine the crashed thing. 
I heard their words 'It's a satellite of unknown origin!'
I was shocked with what they said. I put my hand onto a tree branch only to feel pain of a bite. I discovered the bite was from a large spider. It was biting me for putting on my hand on top of it. Including pain from a crow grabbing the animal and trying to eat it. The pain shocked me enough to crash out of the tree onto the ground in front of the Lower Ones. They zapped me still with their lightening guns. I discovered the crow wound up brought down by me along with the spider. I got caught by the Lower Ones and contained into their jail for it."
Terror grimaced recalling further "One of the Ancients wearing a disguise of appearing to be a Lower One, got a hold of me in jail to inject a syringe into me, before collapsing in front of me, I grabbing him. 
I got from him 'Help the Lower Ones survive for forgiveness Ancient One. The cure to the plague is in your blood. Just inject your blood to the Lower Ones.'"
Terror gasped of shock running through him as he realized "I'm the source of the plague that killed most of the Humans and created the three species as they are now."
He heard the Queen in response singing sad to get from a Tennan "Queen speaks All Seeing One should speak Patient Zero at Command Center towards Earthari. Ask for forgiveness from them."
Terror groaned and without a word went to the Command Center to find Renova inside.
He on arrival spoke "Patient Zero."
He got an electronic voice speaking "Voice pattern recognition file activated."
Terror frowned as a computer monitor in the wall flashed showing a male's face. He stiffened from recognition as the Ancient One in disguise that died in front of him after giving him an injection.
The Ancient One spoke "Terror, as you're referred, seeing this message then it means that you have saved the Humans. You have nothing to do with the plague that started. It's I who's Patient Zero actually."
He heard gasps from the room to groan softly as the Ancient One continued talking "Patient Zero was me, who was exposed to the poison of an animal dubbed spider, when I tried to create an antidote to the poison that was running through you, Terror. I sort of used myself to create the antidote, only created the plague by accident in the process. I discovered that you were immune to the plague. It's from another animal's poison getting into your bloodstream, I discovered belonged to an animal dubbed crow. The crow saved you actually. Hence I figured out too late that you were immune to the spider's poison."
Terror groaned softly as the Ancient One kept talking "The plague is running through me at the moment. It has already killed my staff at the hospital including other patients. I have managed to discover that you, Terror is immune to the plague. I plan to inject you with the cure to the poison within your system, once I finish this recording. I'm counting on you to save the Humans, even if it means using deadly force to do this. Just do what you can to save them from my mistake, I'm paying with my life."
He kneeled groaning loudly while feeling himself upset as the recording cut to rock his form back and forth. He kept up his groaning till a hand was felt touching his shoulder he quitting his rocking to find Renova was the hand's owner. 
Terror frowned staring at Renova who spoke "I'm sorry you're hurt from this."
He heard the Queen singing in a sad tone to groan hearing "T'La says how did you save the Human species if you were Doctor Ridgen Zianan as identified?"
He sighed from D'Clan's question spoke firmly recalling what he did "I discovered the plague was killing Humans, both Ancients and Lower Ones as we referred you Humans. I found Doctor Ridgen Zianan was the name of the Ancient One who passed away after injecting me with the antidote. I took his identity after I assumed I killed him."
He heard gasps to continue on talking "I managed to convince a Captain Connor Elric to take the remaining Humans onto a sea vessel dubbed Agamemnon to sail onto the seas for sanctuary from the plague."
Terror again got gasps as he kept on talking "I did what the original Doctor Ridgen Zianan told me to do. Injected my blood into two men answering to the names of Connor Elric and Belgor Kang. Hence the creation of the species. The Gate Destroyers were created from me mating with a female Human just before she became sick. I injected her, my blood. She birthed twin sons one was a Gate Destroyer. My son that got his name for destroying doors or gates used to contain him from his terrible rages. The other twin son turned out to be a Souler in question."
He paused to feel steel of a metal on his neck he figured thinking to himself "The Souler son turned out to be Gallee Zianan the one who Soulers revere. I recognized him as Long Lived One as referred by Sora."
Terror kept his mouth shut feeling the steel of the sword pressing into his neck.
Terror felt his mind scanned to realize "It's from a Souler mind scanning me. Doesn't want me to talk more on their origins. Hence their sword pressing into my neck from hidden status."
He resumed groaning loudly while bowing his head as he felt a hand touching his shoulder followed by feeling the sword remove itself from his neck. Terror sighed, recognizing the hand belonging to a Souler, from his senses cued towards the being gripping his shoulder in a gentle grip. He kept his mouth shut as he heard the Queen singing in a sad voice tone continued his groaning.
Terror heard in his mind "You are forgiven Ancient One. We Soulers request that you not to talk more on our origins towards the Lower Ones. Or we will take back our forgiveness towards you. If you wish to speak more on the subject seek us out at our place where we stay. We will grant you entry inside for a talk. We will allow you to freedom for this talk only once. Not again another time."
He sighed cutting off his groaning from hearing the Souler's words sounding in his mind to hear "Forgive yourself Ancient One. You saved the Lower Ones in response to a mistake of an Ancient One. Just give yourself forgiveness."
Terror shut his eyes while keeping his head bowed to feel a hand touching the top of his head. He sensed belonged to a Human gently rubbing the area. Terror didn't say a word in response kept himself still willing himself to forgive himself despite feeling furiously angry with himself. He felt his anger rising within him got up in a fast move after shaking off the hands while opening his eyes growling angrily. Terror found the egg inside him coming out giving him pain from the feeling to find the entity sailing into the air ducts above. 
He recalled as anger began rising through him "My anger is the only way of getting an egg to get out of me. The eggs don't care to compute manoids who are angry out of fears of computing them to be insane."
Terror gave up a roar and without another word ran out of the room running through the hallways. Terror feeling hands onto his shoulders from behind guiding him through the station. He felt himself guided up and down stairs he tracked to find himself going to the garden then once inside the forest felt the hands let go of him. Terror ran into the forest feeling his rage running through him. He ran all over the place including jumping up onto trees' branches then jumping down onto the ground not feeling pain from landing onto either. Terror kept up the running and jumping seemingly lengthy. He felt his anger going down to halt his running while near a familiar pond he kneeled onto the ground. Terror felt sadness taking control. Terror rocked his form groaning loudly as his eyes refused to water tears despite seeing that from Renova and other Humans. He kept on rocking his form while continuing on groaning loudly seemingly lengthy as the sunlight from above became dimmer and dimmer. He felt the familiar coldness feeling hitting him felt hands grabbing his shoulders followed by guided out of the garden he staring at the ground. Terror reached the station to hear a bang sound behind him he looked to find metallic doors in the garden's entrance blocking his way of seeing the forest. Terror groaned softly rubbing a hand onto his forehead as he felt the hands move till they were on his shoulder. He looked to find the hands' owner was Sora from the looks of him giving him a pleasant expression on her face displaying Human blue eyes. 
Terror sighed softly as Sora sang "You'll be alright Earthari. The pain will go away when you're ready for it to leave. I know where you can sleep so let me guide you to there."
He sighed as Sora faded from view he feeling her hand still on his shoulder to find her leading him to the Medical Bay towards a familiar patient room. She got him to lie down onto a cot and forced his eyes shut. He forced himself to sleep despite inclined not to sleep only to hear Sora's singing sounding familiar that sounded of the singing the Ancients would sing whenever putting the Lower Ones to sleep. Terror found himself lulled to sleep felt himself passing out unconscious.

Chapter eighteen
Terror woke up from a dream gasping loudly to find the door to the patient room shut and Sora no where in sight. He sighed feeling her hand touching his shoulder then removed itself. Terror groaned softly recalling the dream fully in his mind. His dream he saw was of an alien planet looking more watery than having land on it. He dreamed of an object he recognized as the satellite the Humans on Terra said it was that was leaving the alien planet he tracked traveling past planets. Terror saw about seven planets the satellite passed by of various colors. He saw one red that was the alien planet's neighbor followed by one with a giant size and having a red dot despite having stripes of various yellow colors. Terror sighed from the dream to see the satellite leave the planets' vicinity by entering a field of asteroids traveling avoiding the rocks flying around. He continued to recall the dream showed the satellite traveling through the asteroid field to reach another planet's vicinity he recognized was the one where General Leroy had formed his lost colony base on. Terror continued to recall the dream further of the satellite traveling through the space. It reached Terra a planetary world that was nearly twin to the alien planet but had more land than a watery look. He recalled what happened next was the satellite as the Humans called it crashed into the planet in a forest where he was he darting into a tree to hide. 
Terror groaned softly as he again felt Sora's hand onto his shoulder to hear her singing "The satellite is contained in a cargo hold in the station. It was taken off Terra by General Leroy via ship. He always kept the satellite on hand out of obligations of it being responsible for the survivors using its technology to create off planet technology to reach the Three Sisters as they referred the ships orbiting Terra. You'll find the satellite contained in Cargo hold sixteen guarded by the Gate Destroyers. They seem to know of its importance hence they have a nest into the area just for guarding it from harm. They will allow you through for recognizing you as their creator but no one else other than Gate Destroyer or female of their leader including offsprings of him will be allowed through period."
He sighed and forced himself to get up groaning loudly to feel Sora's hand remained onto his shoulder. Terror walked out of the room going to the entrance to find Doctor Yong tossing him a bottle. 
The Doctor speaking once he caught it "Drink up. You'll faint if you don't take in the nourishment."
He obeyed to sip the drink's contents he recognized as what the Humans dubbed milk but in a thicker form and taste as he took a long time to take it down. 
He tossed the bottle back towards Doctor Yong who spoke "Good respects."
Terror sighed recognizing the Ancient One term for respecting an Ancient One from Lower Ones who were healers. Terror without a word guided by Sora hidden took a back ways route towards Cargo Bay sixteen. He finding two Gate Destroyers hidden at the entrance to the area a large round metallic door. He sighed feeling Sora's hand off his shoulder followed by feeling a gentle push movement. Terror walked up towards the door finding the two Gate Destroyers opening it and allowing him inside. Terror went inside the Cargo Bay finding his son Patrick sleeping on a cot he finding various Gate Destroyers sleeping on cots some awake looking at his direction giving twin salutes the Souler gave him. 
Terror found Justen getting up from a cot going up towards him and speaking "Come with me."
He obeyed to follow Justen further into the Cargo Bay finding it was a large room seemingly vast in size as he heard the Queen's singing in a loud joyful tone.
Terror figured to himself "Must be where the Queen is contained at the moment. Hence Humans near her without an egg can hear her like I can."
He kept on hearing the joyful singing from the Queen in response.
Justen led him to a hole in a wall and spoke "Go through now. Tennans said you're allowed to go through. We're just to keep anyone without their permission out."
Terror frowned but obeyed to go through the hole discovering a cave entrance to continue on hearing the Queen's joyful singing. He walked in the cave to find it ended in a large cavern. He spotted the Queen standing towering in the darkness of the cavern despite using night vision of green eyesight fully within him. Terror looked around hearing the Queen's joyful singing. Terror spotted down below the cliff he was standing on was a large metallic shiny object he recognized with a start was the satellite the Queen was standing next to it while still singing away. Terror found an egg flying up from the Queen reaching him level with him to hiss its familiar words of forgiveness towards him. He sighed to grit his teeth as the egg entered him he gasping of feeling pleasure instead of pain this time to his shock.
Terror heard "Welcome All Seeing One. Focus your All Seeing One powers onto the satellite as the Humans call it and see its design fully."
He sighed from the voice sounded of the Queen he recalling fully "Those humans in her presence with an egg inside them computing can hear her talking to them."
He kneeled in response and shut his eyes to focus his ability onto the satellite to find the thing seen as clear as day to focus onto a panel as if drawn. Terror gasped of shock seeing the panel was a drawing of Humans male and female one seen pointing towards a drawing of planets he recognized came from the alien planet.
Terror heard from the Queen in response to his gasping "Focus onto the path the satellite took from its home. See who they are actually."
He obeyed recalling his dream focused onto the satellite's path to find it led to an alien planet he focused onto one of the brownness he figured "Its land."
Terror looked with shock gasping loudly as he saw numerous Humans walking in a city all over the place. Some he saw had looks of the Ancients by their blue eyes matching the Soulers' color but this time in a Human form. 
He exhaled a breath to think to himself knowing the Queen could hear him "The Ancients live on in this alien planet alive with their children populating it."
Terror got from the Queen in response "Look for the name of the planet and the land's name."
He obeyed to look for both despite finding the Humans were walking in a vast city he figured it was he finding the name was as called by them 'New York City.' 
Terror continued to eye the city till he felt drawn to someplace else in the land. He obeyed to the compulsion. Terror saw with shock an object appearing to be some kind of space ship going into the sky with a familiar flag design on it. He stiffened seeing the stars and striped flag of the United States as the Terra's official name despite referred as Terra. He eyed the flag to find it had more stars than one star surrounded by rays of sunlight as the Terra's native flag. 
Terror heard "Godspeed!"
He frowned hearing the word for it sounded odd to him to find the thing was a vessel holding manoids of orange inside as it flew into the air towards space. 
He focused onto the land to find it referred by the name of 'Florida.' 
Terror watched with fascination as the space ship he figured it was reached orbiting of the planet. This was followed by the orange figures removing their clothes he finding Humans with signs of the Ancients floating around inside the vessel. 
He heard from the Queen "Now focus elsewhere onto the land where the vessel came from. Find its name now."
Terror obeyed to find the name to his shock 'United States of America.' 
He gasped finding the name to realize with a start "The Ancients traveled from Terra in safety from the plague. They found this alien planet and settled it populating it with Humans and their children."
Terror heard from the Queen in response to his thought "Focus elsewhere."
He obeyed hearing the edge in her voice tone to focus onto other lands and nations as their referred in the planet. Terror stiffened recognizing the Ancients' creations that looked very old from the looks of them. Terror jerked open his eyes to stiffen with shock running through him.
He thought "The Ancients traveled to this planet too many years ago before the plague hit. They populated it leaving traces of their work including traces of themselves via their eyes seeing in the Humans on the planet. The Ancients live on in their children in that planet they keeping their creations alive while appearing to be primitive in space technology. One day they will be advanced in space technology and will find us like their satellite found us on Terra."
He heard from the Queen "Your visit is over with. Be gone."
Terror obeyed to walk out of the cavern to the cave taking it to the Cargo Bay finding Justen standing nearby with arms folded who spoke "You've seen what the Queen wanted you to see, Ancient One, via images she gives to the visitors."
He stiffened from Justen's words to hear from the Queen sounding in his mind "Terra is the Humans' planet that you saw actually. Its change was a result of the natives the Ancients altering the planet to suit their purposes. I know that the Humans thought the satellite was alien in design. It was actually the Ancients who created the satellite. It traveled through the galaxy in a circle in a lengthy time period of over one thousand years before arriving back to Terra. You, Ancients have forgotten yourself and forgotten your origins of Terra, I reminding you of that."
Terror exhaled a breath hearing that from the Queen to focus onto Justen who spoke "The Queen admits via Tennan that she can access the computers in that satellite as it's dubbed. She can recall its information enough to figure out what you need to see via helping you remember what it is. The memories of the Ancients of the past according to her, are buried deep within the minds of those very long lived including yourself as well."
He exhaled another breath after inhaling to hear from Justen again "The Queen is reminding those very long lived, that the way of accessing those memories of the Ancients of the past, is always inside them. It's always accessible if they care to focus their minds onto the Ancient's memories. They care to see what they need to see. I saw this from your expression that the Queen showed you how. She showed me how too. I remember everything fully enough to figure out how to access what the Ancients left in my mind. It's for the future to use for the survival of the Human race now dubbed Earthari."
He got from Justen adding "We are now the Earthari as dubbed by the Fishla. Earthari is what we will be referred."
Terror didn't say a word in response while hearing from the Queen "Forgive yourself, Ancient One. You, Ancients, are living on within the minds of the Humans aka Earthari, the Kangs, the Elrics, the Gate Destroyers and your children, the Soulers. It's their last gift they gave you Lower Ones, before they died out, leaving you, as the last of them, to make sure this gift, gets recognized."
Terror focused onto Justen feeling the egg within him get out of his body by giving him a familiar feeling of pleasure. Terror sighed from the entity's leaving to find the entity flying away into the cave's entrance. 
He sighed eyeing Justen who spoke "I know what your feeling, Father. The older the egg, the less feelings of pain you'll feel from the entity inhibiting inside you. Newborns always cause pain, whenever they gain entrance inside humanoids. Didn't you forget that, Father?"
He spoke hearing Justen's words sounded firm "I forgot about that, my son. Forgive me my Queen, for forgetting that."
Terror heard the Queen singing in a joyful tone to get Justen speaking "Come with me."
Terror obeyed to follow Justen towards the entrance of the room finding various Gate Destroyers awake and looking concerned. He recognized one he saw was Lisana going up towards his son to place a hand onto the male's shoulder. 
He sighed seeing Justen doing the same towards Lisana his son speaking "I put aside my anger towards you punching Diana. You have my forgiveness."
Terror sighed again as Lisana without a word let go of Justen to go towards a cot to where he spotted Diana. She holding a baby in a blanket, from the looks of her sitting, followed by seeing the female getting up. 
He heard Lisana speaking "Forgiveness Diana for punching you. Your screaming when you screamed was felt vibrating within my skull. I did the punching to shut you up."
Terror eyed Diana who spoke "I'm fine with your words Lisana. Please forgive me for not admitting at first, that my screams could make manoids feel it via their skulls, hence you having this problem."
He found Lisana without a word placed a hand onto Diana's shoulder finding Diana copying her to do the same towards Lisana's shoulder as Justen came into view of both females. He eyed Justen who placed hand onto the shoulder of Diana in a gently move to find Gate Destroyers around them gathered in a circle around the three putting hands towards them in a salute move. Terror silently walked out of the room finding the Gate Destroyer at the entrance, Patrick opening the door and gently without a word gave him a Souler's familiar salute. He sighed and walked out taking a route to the garden to find the metal gated door still closed while hearing faint sounds of thunder and lightening from it. Terror sighed and went to the Command Center to find Renova not in the room. Not very many Humans around and spotted the kids not in sight. He went to a chair and sat leaning back shutting his eyes sensing himself tired only to come to feeling a hand shaking his shoulder. 
Terror looked finding the hand's owner was Sora who sang hearing the computer translate her words "Go to where you had sanctuary from a female for rest now."
He obeyed to recall the route to Renova's quarters to ring the doorbell hearing her speaking "Enter."
Terror obeyed to get inside finding her seated on a stool wearing a piece of clothing that made him think it involved pajama wear while seeing her eating from a plate. He felt himself terribly hungry found her jabbing a fork in a direction towards the kitchen unit's counter.
She speaking "You'll find your plate there."
Terror obeyed to sit onto the stool next to Renova and gobbled up the food in a fast move while using the fork. He sighed once done cleaning the plate of nourishment. Terror found a cup for him to drink by her jabbing a fork in the direction, after he put the plate down onto the counter. He took the cup and drank its liquid in a fast move feeling himself terribly thirsty. Terror sighed and went to sit down onto the couch to find the familiar eggs coming out with a hiss sound.
Terror hearing them hiss out "Let's play."
He found the eggs doing a ramming bumping move all over the place ignoring him despite getting onto his lap repeatedly. Terror kept putting his arms in the way on his body and kept them there as a message towards the eggs to stay out of him. He heard Renova's familiar laughter as she paused from her eating followed by resuming eating after he gave her a glare. Terror kept the glare as Renova ate her food followed by gulping her drink then watched as she put away the dishes into a machine. 
He frowned as she spoke once eyeing him back "The bed for sleeping with me is only for mating issues or if either one of us is sick. Sorry it's a habit I've taken towards males staying with me in my quarters since I was assigned this position."
Terror sighed and didn't comment a response leaned back shutting his eyes to hear her manipulate the sliding doors leading to the bedroom shut. He opened his eyes when he heard a familiar groaning noise of a Tennan sounding in pain to peer using his ability over the couch he not using his eyes. He focused onto the Tennan as if needing to do it, a higher drone form from the Humanoid shape, to see its form indicate of looking bloated, fat, instead of rail thin to him. Terror frowned as the Tennan's form burst apart showing a female Human with markings of a Gate Destroyer on her form while clad in the familiar clothes of a Gate Destroyer. He sighed recognizing the danger had passed got up going towards the Gate Destroyer to place a hand onto her shoulder shaking her. Terror waited as the female acknowledged him while giving him a Human black eyed look of pleading. Terror saw he recognized from Justen giving him that look after being born. 
He spoke recalling the look was wanting a name spoken by him "Tara."
Terror found Tara giving him an Ancient head gesture before getting up and saw her out of the quarters. A Tennan drone pet he saw wound up getting in front of Tara, gesturing with her head to follow. He resumed going to the couch finding Renova hadn't come out of her bedroom to see what the noises was about to his confusion. Terror found an egg coming out of the couch besides him. He put arms blocking his stomach while giving the entity a glare. 
He heard in response "Go to sleep, Ancient One. You need the rest. The Queen speaks no computing All Seeing One this time. You earned your rest from us computers this time."
Terror didn't say a word in response to the egg's hissing words leaned back onto the couch and shut his eyes while putting his hands onto his thighs. 
He felt the egg getting onto his lap to hear a soft snoring sound from the entity to sigh recalling "The eggs like sleeping on Humans' legs and laps whenever they get the chance to do it. They despise sleeping inside manoids."
Terror sighed again finding the egg remained onto his lap. He recalled the Queen getting him to see the Humans' planet Terra via the past. Terror focused his eyes onto Terra within his mind to see fully in his mind of the planet appearing to be a dead world. Terror groaned softly as he eyed a spot on the planet as if drawn. He recalling the spot was the highest mountain dubbed Everest. He focused onto Everest's top as if drawn to find a tree already growing there looking healthy full of life despite the desolate waste of black dirt indicating fire consumed the planet. 
Terror sighed feeling relief hitting him as he thought "Terra will adapt and grow again. I should have realized whenever the fire destroys nature, she will adapt once the time arrived to grow again with or without the help of the Humans."
He smiled feeling himself happy to that to continue on sleeping while letting his mind dreaming of Terra from the past and his memories of his time living there.

The End

