

The Star Doors
By DD White
Copyright 2014  Smashwords Edition

Contents:  Chapters
Chapter 1 Prelude: 
Chapter 1: 
Chapter 2: 
Chapter 3: 
Chapter 4: 
Chapter 5: 
Chapter 6: 
Chapter 7: 
Chapter 8: 
Chapter 9: 
Chapter 10: 
Chapter 11: 
Chapter 12: 
Chapter 13: 
Chapter 14:
Chapter 15:
Chapter 16:

Contents:  Illustrations

Fifteen Stars of Nephapricus: 
The Demonstration: 
Calebax: 
Perzeonaut, Egolor, and Persuave: 
Vision of Prospero: 
Children of Dol: 
Crypt of Ancestors: 
Beatoogle: 
Calebites: 
The God Ei: 
Beatnefthes: 
Bilipi: 
Beatorostor: 
Incapricans: 
Captain Trunlio: 
Lakshmihalio, Windock, and Lockfreedow : 
The Gardener and the Tree: 
The 15 Stars of Nephapricus and the Star Door Entities: 

Chapter 1: Prelude

Over five billion Earth years ago had been the time in the 2nd Age for Magphoreus when the legendary galactic civilization called Nephapricus rose and fell.  The Nephapricans braved the most amazing technological accomplishments ever known in history to this galaxy named Magphoreus.  The star-doors began with an experiment that used an exotic technology called a phantom matter bomb.  A mad scientist had intended to use nuclear forces to compress a concentrated phantom matter amount into a singularity with a limited phantom matter mass that would be weakly interactive with gravity.  They expected the singularity to vacuum up the radioactive fallout and spit it back out its poles, probably as mostly hydrogen atoms.  The result, however, vacuumed up parts to the inner planet Curirem orbiting the star Yat.  Then it regurgitated the matter repeatedly to turn it into more and more exotic elements.  At this story's time, the phantom matter singularity still orbited the star Yat, and it got kept at a safe distance from the star it hungered for using 15 virtual particle field generators.  Phantom matter bombs have been illegal ever since then.
Nephapricans evolved from three terrestrial life forms on three planets within a tightly packed 15-star cluster.  They were the Doldorians, the Nephricans, and the Pripicans.  Pripicans were brilliant four-legged centaur-like creatures that developed a programming language for a quantum-bit data storage method called quanta-nanocode.  This sub-atomic code began to permeate the dawning galactic culture with its intelligence.  The Pripicans invented microscopic artificially intelligent thinking machines called Binary Electro-magnetic Artificially-intelligent Thinking programs, or BEAT programs.  After creating a limited number of these programs, the Pripicans realized that they had made life more intelligent than their species.  The BEAT programs were also so small that they were virtually invisible, and to top that; they were immortal.  Therefore, like phantom matter bombs, the creations for the BEAT programs also became illegal and no longer made.  However, the BEAT programs traveled around the 15-star cluster like mythological genies released from a bottle. 
The Pripicans programmed the BEAT entities to be answerable to mortals to maintain control over their creations.  Still, eventually, some BEAT programs even emancipated themselves from that programming.  The Nephricans had stolen this technology from the Pripicans by cloning a BEAT program named Beatnefthes, which created Beatariel.
Beatariel had been the BEAT program on the planet Caleb that assisted with the phantom matter singularity.  The singularity had been part of an experiment raising the temperature from the star Yat by reducing its dense phantom matter scaffolding, which surrounds stars.  That aspect of the project worked.  The sub-zero planet had its surface temperature raised over 200 degrees as the habitable zone around the star Yat extended broader and farther out with the star's rising surface temperature. 
The problem with this acclimatization on the planet Caleb had been that an intelligent sub-zero silicone-based life form already existed there.  The beginning of the star-doors happened when Beatariel used the exotic elements made from part of the inner planet Curirem devoured by the singularity.  Beatariel used these elements to create a structure that had been indestructible in this dimension, and it preserved the sub-zero ecosystems for the Calebites.  Like Beatariel, the Calebites were of similar microscopic stature and could join into communities with trillions to behave collectively as larger multi-cellular life constructs.
The Calebites became Beatariel's quanta-nanocode engineers to assist it with devising some way to contain the phantom matter singularity still invisibly orbiting the star Yat.  There had been an increasing danger that the singularity would get out of control by devouring too much phantom matter as it continued growing in mass and gravitational hunger.  Caleb became warmer with colonists of Nephrican and Pripican descent living beneath the giant dome-shaped Calebite refuge structure's shadow.  The colonists on Caleb remained oblivious to the Calebites before their attempted global warming genocide. 
Beatariel became programmed to answer to a Pripican female named Ceres, who also sought a solution to the run amok singularity composed with what Earth physicists call dark matter.
It had been around the same time as this singularity event when the Nephrican starship Captain, Joberk Mynervood, became the first to contact the smaller Doldorians who resembled human-sized bugs and evolved on a planet under the light from the star Dol.  Captain Mynervood and his crew became giant gods on the more primitive Doldoria.  That all quickly changed when Captain Mynervood ushered in an age with advanced technological development to get the Doldorian's assistance in rebuilding his crashed fusion drive hyper-acceleration spacecraft called The Beyonder.
The dwarf-sized Doldorians rebuilt the Captain's spacecraft and named the new star-ship The Beyonder Beyond.  The first journey for The Beyonder Beyond would be Captain Mynervood's return from the star Dol to his homeworld called Nephrica, which orbited the star Ea.  Captain Mynervood kept a promise to see his terrestrial Negolim wife Hagan Hiedalli one last time before she finally died from old age.
*
Captain Mynervood sat on his Captain's stool on the bridge in The Beyonder Beyond as they accelerated towards his home planet Nephrica, which hung in the sky in the observation screen shining from afar with a high-tech industrialized brilliance all its own.  Nephricans were squid-like creatures with three tentacle legs, two tentacle arms, and three tentacle fingers.  They had a single eye and grew a cloth used for clothing right off areas on their bodies.  Captain Mynervood wore his best skin-cloth uniform fashioned from his skin, and it displayed medals that honored his most significant accomplishments.
His Navigation officer, the Pripican named Strek, brought them to the approaching planet with assistance from the dwarf Doldorian called Vamadan.  Doldorians had blue exoskeletons with deep black eyes and mandibles that protruded from their mouths, like built-in chopsticks.  They were smaller than the giant 12 to 14-foot Nephricans and Pripicans.  Vamadan sat on a special seat at one Doldorian-sized station built into the design on The Beyonder Beyond by the Doldorians who created it.  The blue Doldorians were only 4 to 5 feet tall.
Captain Mynervood looked at Vamadan and realized that he had been among the first Doldorians to be evolved on this journey by the side effects from hyper-acceleration at .6 times the speed of light.  That had now mutated Vamadan into one among the first Eagolim of Doldorian decent.  Eagolim were the galactic versions of these terrestrial species aliens called Negolim not subjected to the hyper-acceleration evolutionary leap.  This evolutionary change initially went unnoticed as the journey somehow painlessly switched on dormant DNA programming on the cellular level.  Captain Mynervood had evolved into an Eagolim over 7000 Earth years before that moment, and Vamadan could now also look forward to an extended lifespan that would probably be just as long.  The Eagolim versions of these ancient alien species would also reproduce mutant children born deformed into humanoid-like beings known as 2nd Generation Eagolim.
Captain Mynervood's Nephrican communications operator Tyallor Nudewon told the Captain they contacted the Nephaprican Space Corporation (NSC.)
"The message on audio and visual put,” said the Captain.
A Nephrican Cyclops-like face appeared on the viewscreen.  "Back Captain Mynervood, welcome.  Informed that you by the returning crew from The Drameda and your wife Hagan Hiedalli of any crimination of your Lenor Mull killing have got cleared.  The verdict for self-defense in your absence proven has been.  You to be a position of Admiral by the NSC offered are."
It had not been the first promotion to Admiral that Captain Mynervood had refused.  "I once again any promotion must refuse.  I now the Captain on this ship The Beyonder Beyond by my new space corporation, The Doldorian Space Corporation, constructed am.  I here to an agreement for peace and cooperation between our organizations negotiate am."
Captain Mynervood's comment left the Nephrican on the screen looking startled before disappearing with the broadcast.  No doubt it had been to confer with superiors about the Captain's unexpected answer.  The Captain's command now got taken as a line-in-the-sand by those used to getting their way with a ruthlessness driven by one-eyed tunnel vision.
"On high alert stay,” ordered the Captain.
Captain Mynervood waited in the tense silence while perfectly understanding that the Nephaprican Space Corporation he founded and built considered the option to shoot his ship out from the sky.
Tyallor felt relieved to announce another broadcast communication from the planet's surface.  "A landing pad area for The Beyonder Beyond landing craft has been designated.  Please welcome on the planet Nephrica as we an agreement with your new corporation Captain Mynervood negotiate feel."
There had been some relaxation after that comment amongst everyone on that bridge.  Captain Mynervood rubbed his good luck charm that hung around his neck, which had been the home for his quanta-nanocode BEAT program named Begalius.
After that conversation, Captain Mynervood returned to his room to make a particular communication to his aging wife, Hagan Hiedalli, who he had promised to return to someday.
There occurred a knock on the door to this room.  "In come."
The door slid open to reveal a bald humanoid man dressed in a cloth ship uniform. 
It had been the child from Captain Mynervood and Hagan Hiedalli. "Adma in come.  I about to contact with your mother make am."
Soon the female Cyclopes-like face for Adma's mother appeared on the monitor.  She looked delighted by the reunion with her son and husband.
*
After Hagan Hiedalli finished speaking to her husband and son in the ship from Doldoria orbiting the planet above.  She opened up her cell phone-shaped device where a small centaur 3D animation appeared on the screen.  "Hi, Hagan!  I have returned from the mission you sent me on, and you already know we have stopped Admiral Mull from killing your husband."
"Home Beatarkameed welcome.  I more work for you to when with the landing crew return to have.  I more Agents of Ea interest in my reunion with Captain Mynervood taking tracking am."
Hagan Hiedalli hung up on her conversation with her quanta-nanocode entity named Beatarkameed.  She had grown older but still active in the Negolim Underground that had become stronger than ever.  The Underground still resisted the mischief from the Agents of Ea to exterminate her kind, the terrestrial version to the Nephricans known as Negolim.
She had been busy at that moment with a Negolim Underground mission after answering her door to greet her associate.  "Us this shipment down first shut let.  My husband and son now from Doldoria returned have, and also my BEAT program back is."
They drove together in the typical Nephrican salt-water-powered car to a space cargo receiving station.  They got out from the car just outside the station, where other Negolim operatives greeted them.  "We the station to explode rigged have.  None of this shipment it to market will make so.  We one with the trace on them released need remember."
"It got.”  Hagan and her partner proceeded to the transaction at the receiving station.
"What you here doing are?  Along old lady move!"… "Aaaaaagh!"
Hagan grabbed the Nephrican tentacle arm and spun him into a choking hold.  It had been just in time to use his body to take the projectile gunshot from his trigger-happy partner.  Hagan's partner had already returned fire.  The element for surprise made the two Negolim a match for the Nephrican crew that were not expecting to be humbled by a little old lady at the loading dock.  The two invaders shot until only two remained alive while flat on the ground with tentacles behind their heads.
Hagan secretly placed the tracer device on the skin to one Nephrican's tentacle.  "Your superiors that we the Negolim Underground to all your genetically food contaminated destroy here tell."
Then they held the last two to the ground as the shipment for genetically modified food exploded into flames.  One front in the Underground's war had been against illegally modified foods designed to make Negolim sterile in a generation or two.  Hagan watched the two Agents of Ea, wondering why they would conspire to wipe out their kind just because they hadn't extended their lives by traveling half the speed for light.  These Agents of Ea were also Negolim, but they probably got offered the expensive space flight to betray their terrestrial origins. 
The current Negolim situation had been Hagan's war.  She had become old and grew tired beneath her sleepy Negolim eyelid struggling to stay open.  Then she and her partner disappeared as their prisoners were left with their single-eyed faces to the ground to realize their attackers were gone eventually.
*
Hagan enjoyed her reunion with her husband and their humanoid son, who had to wear a hologram disguise to make him appear Nephrican.  The humanoid version of their species had been still an official secret kept from the general public on Nephrica for several thousand Earth years. 
Captain Mynervood discussed that he had met a young Nephrican named Trunlio earlier that day who had taken off with The Beyonder on its last flight as a child who got off at the star Holdus fully grown due to the effects on youth from hyper-acceleration.  Trunlio had now, after several decades, become a successful starship captain with his ship about to be assigned to him.  Captain Mynervood congratulated himself for being an obvious inspiration to Trunlio.
The Captain's quanta-nanocode good luck charm, Begalius had been there to spend some final moments with Beatarkameed, who would now remain on Nephrica with its master Hagan Hiedalli till she passed her ownership onto some other successor.  Begalius remained on the planet Nephrica after the Captain and Adma returned to the ship for the night.  The Doldorian Space Corporation negotiations were sure to last a long time, and the Doldorian members on the crew were going to be examined by Nephrican scientists till they finally got forced to let the poked and prodded Doldorians go.
Hagan Hiedalli's face appeared on a microscopic quanta-nanocode screen, speaking to Beatarkameed on their tiny dimension.  "You your instructions know.”  Then her face disappeared.
Begalius became intrigued.  "What's going on, my friend?"
Beatarkameed had to fly away from the device that Hagan had held. 
"No sooner am I reunited with the part to me left here when I am put back to work for the Negolim Underground.  She wants me to follow some Agents of Ea that she put a trace on earlier today.  Want to come along?"
Of course, Begalius wanted nothing more than to accompany Beatarkameed on an exciting adventure.  They flew across the highly industrialized landscape on the planet Nephrica. 
Nephrica had been the world that completely outgrew nature and plant life.  Cities were cities on top cities on cities etc.…  The landscape sparkled with a trillion tiny lights beneath the black night sky, voiding most stars that were now just a primitive glory defeated by the illumination from Nephrican ingenuity.
The microscopic programs flew through the night following Hagan's tracer beacon to arrive at a level on a monolithic city mountain where two Nephricans waddled on three tentacles down the crowded sidewalk.  They entered a temple-like structure in an elite section to the city where the rich and powerful gathered for scheming. 
Begalius and Beatarkameed continued to follow the Agents of Ea into the bowls for the temple structure.  The walls, adorned with Nephrican artwork, honored a black circle for oblivion with symbols and religious decorations that seemed uncharacteristic of the super-rational Nephricans.
"Are you getting the visual for this, Mrs. Hiedalli?"
"I yes am,” came a voice out from thin air surrounding the two microscopic quantum-bit artificial intelligence spies.  "Continue."
The two Agents eventually came upon a closed door that they seemed reluctant to open, although they were supposed to.
The door opened to a room filled with Nephricans dressed in pure black robes with hoods covering their heads, a departure from the usual skin-cloth gray. 
They seemed startled and collectively annoyed by the disturbance.
"Aaah!  We close were!” said some voices in unison.
One robed figure approached the Agents that had intruded.  "This important better be!  You an important gathering for the Council of 32 disturbing are!"
"We sorry are.  The Negolim Underground the shipment destroyed.  They all the shipments stop will."
The robed figure had heard enough, and he sent the Agents away.  The voice from Hagan Hiedalli told Beatarkameed and Begalius to stay and observe.  It had been the strangest thing in the world to watch the super-rational atheistic species alien known as Nephrican behaving in a ritualistically religious manner, but that had been the spectacle going on behind these closed temple doors.  They chanted in horse Nephrican voices and prayed for manifestation from the magical object of their ritual.
Then Beatarkameed and Begalius saw the light forming above the gathering.  It became a dark black circle like the pictures back in the hall, and it seemed to glow with pitch-blackness.  It spoke.  "I am here.  The one you seek to contact.  Ralus Xnoga.  I require your loyalty to my child, who now develops in a womb that orbits a nearby star.  Swear your loyalty to me, Ralus Xnoga."
The voice from Hagan Hiedalli brought Beatarkameed and Begalius out from their shock.  "What on going is?"
"Do you not see and hear this, Mrs. Hiedalli?"
"I them to something hear listening.  I not anything the Ralus Xnoga chanting except hear or see do."
Then the voice from Ralus Xnoga broke in on the BEAT programs.  "What are you, intruders?  You see me.  You hear me.  I will bend you also to my will and devices."
Blackness consumed the perceptions for Beatarkameed and Begalius till self-preservation freed Beatarkameed from its instructions, and the two quanta-nanocode entities both got out from there at almost the speed of light and didn't look back.  Begalius would later report this to its master, the Captain.  Still, no visual or audio data recorded with the black circle entity showed anything that the quanta-nanocode entity, Begalius, said it saw and heard.
*
Captain Mynervood remained on the planet Nephrica for 12 more Nephrican years as a husband and father when the aged Hagan Hiedalli finally succumbed to the final health problem too chronic to stop her tumble into the last sleep of death at an age equivalent to 144 Earth years.  Then Captain Mynervood, the head of the Doldorian Space Corporation, returned to his new home, Doldoria.  There Captain Mynervood studied the superstitions for the gods on Doldoria.  He learned about the Doldorian god for blackness and oblivion named Ralusio Xnogaio that had been unexplainably similar to the entity Begalius swore it saw back on Nephrica all those years ago.


Nephapricus

Captain Mynervood never stopped trying to see the way the Doldorians did.  Doldorians saw and maintained ongoing relationships with their dead friends and ancestors.  He would sing along with the native Doldorians to the goddess Teyoo in a loud horse honking tone-deaf Nephrican voice.  Eventually, he did have the vision the natives saw to behold the Lady of the Lake walking on the waters.
Eventually, at well over seven thousand six hundred Earth years, the great Captain Mynervood had arrived near his death.  Although he had stopped traveling the stars to settle on Doldoria, he eventually had a special spaceship made to take his final journey alone in the hyper-acceleration dimension at .6 times the speed for light.  The Doldorians wanted the Captain to stay in their crypts to keep them company forever.  Still, it had been a personal belief of the Captain that travel at that speed made him experience what he called ‘the continuity of existence’ with the universe when the ship approached the speed that caused the walls to breathe. 
Before the Captain departed on this final journey from life to death, he gave his necklace where Begalius lived to his first mate and close friend Geben Lockfreedow and made him the new master over Begalius, the quanta-nanocode entity.  Then Captain Mynervood took off to hyper-accelerate forever into the endless depths to Magphoreus, never seen again.
*          *          *

Chapter 1

The stars in the original 15-star cluster had already begun drifting apart since the Nephricans first traveled to meet the primitive Doldorians.  Some distances between stars had even doubled in the 1,200 or so Earth years since Captain Mynervood first crash-landed upon Doldoria.  It had been the time in galactic history when the tightly packed 15-star cluster had at last succumbed to the greater carousel orbit around the center for the mighty Magphoreus. 
Nevertheless, Nephrican, Pripican, and Doldorian had traveled to all 15 stars on the local cluster and established colonies by this time.  It had been the time when the Age for Hyper-acceleration advanced to the warp-fusion age with faster-than-light space travel at 1.2 times light's speed. 
The warp technology originally developed to dislocate space debris in the ship's path became further developed into a way to ultimately relocate the spaceship in a warp dimension where it could hyper-accelerate past the last barrier caused by the ship's mass.  They could hyper accelerate up to 1.2 times the speed of light when the ship would have to start decelerating to a stop.  Unlike hyper-acceleration to .6 times the speed of light, the effect from this faster-than-light travel on DNA had been that it didn't evolve from terrestrial to galactic.  Negolim traveling faster than light in a warp-fusion dimension arrived at their destinations as still Negolim.  More quickly than light travel had been a shortcut past that desirable mutation.  Due to this, travel by hyper-acceleration to .6 times light's speed remained a popular way to travel for Negolim that could afford the expensive ticket to becoming galactic Eagolim.
On Doldoria, the prophet for the sky-gods, Alldegallo, still struggled from time to time with his gift for dream visions.  He had evolved into an Eagolim long ago when Doldorians first established colonies on planets that orbited the nearby stars Fedor and Gralga.  Alldegallo lived in his temple built by his followers.  It had been a vast improvement from his humble beginnings when he lived in a gergo barn.
The gergo trainer Simeonalli, who married his aunt Diallo, had gone bankrupt after the sky-gods coming.  Due to the advent of the sky god's technological magic, nobody was interested in traveling by gergo anymore.  Simeonalli had not been one to be defeated by progress, and he began domesticating a vicious wild animal called a Trigloyt.  The Trigloyt looked like a fury dinosaur raptor with a razor-sharp beak and flightless wings.  Simeonalli had figured out with his skills as an animal trainer how domesticating these animals would transform them over generations into smaller adorable looking pets with softer fur coats and deep black eyes.  He soon had regained his fortune selling domesticated Trigloyts as pets.  Simeonalli and Diallo became Eagolim to colonize the planet Fedor-3 for the last thousand Earth years with those riches.  Today they were returning to visit their home planet, Doldoria, and their good friend Alldegallo.
Alldegallo struggled that morning with a dream that appeared vivid like his visions.  Still, there had been no explanation by the Mejoldor cherubim, which often visited his dreams to explain them.  On the shores between sleep and waking, Alldegallo beheld the god for the dead named Ptuammi in his fleshly gore as a Doldorian that has had his exoskeleton peeled off to reveal the red flesh and muscles beneath.  Ptuammi resembled an archetypical image for nakedness and transparency.  He did not even have exoskeleton eyelids to close his constantly open black eyes.  As intended, the god for the dead never failed to shock and invoke fear.
Ptuammi just said one thing in this dream while staring straight at Alldegallo. "Ransom not the dead to oblivion."
Then blackness descended from above, where Alldegallo usually saw the light in his dreams.  Looking up, he began to recognize the blackness as a black sphere so black that it glowed with a radiating blackness.  Ptuammi just stared at Alldegallo with unblinking eyes before stretching like elastic into a Ptuammi colored string for the god of the dead that then became sucked into the blackness like a spaghetti piece slurped into a mouth.
Alldegallo awoke from the dream while shaken by a genuine horror that oppressed him under the weight of the dream's vividness.  He dutifully still wrote his experience down in his dream journal.  It had still been his function in life as the prophet to the sky-gods to write down his sacred dream visions.  This one seemed to qualify. 
His followers read his dream journal every day to determine how to act in response to the divine messages they believed to exist in Alldegallo's visions.  After all, it had been Alldegallo who foresaw the alien giants coming that had blessed his civilization with the wonders from galactic technology.
Alldegallo left his dream journal for his followers to examine.  Then he got dressed and ready to greet his aunt Diallo and her husband and good friend Simeonalli.  Their ship arrived from the planet Fedor-3 to visit.  He became escorted and chauffeured by servants who drove him to the Trolluer spaceport.
The planet Doldoria had become a major space-faring planet, with Trolluer the central port city on a world that went overnight from primitive to being suddenly populated with a newly evolved, highly advanced galactic version to their species.  Alldegallo looked over the crowd he walked through, consisting of 3-legged and 4-legged giants and the 2nd Generation Eagolim humanoid personages of all different colors, both gigantic and his size.  Since Captain Mynervood, the taller Doldorian Eagolim species had become the dominant species of Eagolim, born from Dol, the daughter of Randa and Ferdinand.  They were two humanoids from the original sky-god visit. 
Some were also shorter hairless blue-skinned humanoids from pure Doldorian Eagolim.  The blue dwarf humanoids were a third of the children of Dol's size who were blue giants that stood the same size as Nephricans and Pripicans.
Alldegallo watched his friends descend from orbit in a virtual particle-driven saucer that landed gracefully on the tarmac at the starport.  Then Alldegallo felt thrilled to see his aunt and Simeonalli exit the saucer while looking as young as they did the last time he watched them depart a couple of hundred Earth years before.
Alldegallo said, "Spare thee not the service from my followers to carry thy luggage and belongings, and to see to your every comfort,” Alldegallo said as he hugged his aunt.
Simeonalli spoke up.  "The Captain on this vessel doth know thee from ancient times and wisheth to greet thee in reunion."
The Captain on the vessel then descended the exit ramp from the saucer to greet the great Alldegallo. "Greetings, oh great sky-god prophet.  Doth thou recognizeth mine appearance?"
Alldegallo shrugged in ignorance.  "Thy countenance doth arouse recognition that cannot find enlightenment to redeem my ignorance thus."
"When I was but a child, and you but a servant in the Sanctuary of Ei, many centuries ago thou opened my eyes to view my deceased parents.  I have ever been in your debt since that day."
Alldegallo remembered the face, fully grown from that moment in the past at the Crypt of Ancestors a millennium ago.  The orphaned rich kid named Meathproio, who later helped finance The Beyonder Beyond building, had now become the Captain in his warp-fusion drive starship.
"This is indeed a blessed day with a fond reunion and the joys that it brings.”  Then after Meathproio left to enjoy some planetary time, Alldegallo said, "Come let us not delay my service to thy comforts.  I have much prepared for your return to Doldoria.  Diallo, I have a bath to draw that will empty thy water to our Lady of the Lake who doth surely look forward to hearing thy songs."
"Thank you, my kind nephew, for thus considering that,” said Diallo.  "I do still loyally sing to the goddess Teyoo, but of late, I have studied the latest findings from the Mejoldor faith.  They hath taken the knowledge about virtual particle physics to devise a real science with the different gravitational pools in local solar systems.  They can calculate the gravitational effects along with the yearly seasonal changes on a planet to divine accurate assessments for the initial imprint made at our birth moment.  Their findings have become a new star religion for the growing Doldorian Empire pantheon."
"Fascinating,” had been all Alldegallo could say.
*
Thanks to the Doldorian Space Corporation creation established by the great Captain Mynervood, the Doldorians were quickly growing into a highly advanced galactic empire all their own to rival the empire already pioneered by Nephrican and Pripican.  One-thousand-two-hundred Earth years after the phantom matter singularity event, Nephapricans still struggled to coexist on planets that had indigenous Negolim nations still hanging on in their segregated terrestrial cities.  Doldorians were more open and accessible than the stuffier Nephrican/Pripican Empires.  
The Alldegallo followers were in deep conversations about the latest dream recorded in their prophet's dream journal that morning.  After much discussion, Alldegallo remained oblivious to it as he entertained his guests from Fedor.  It seemed the religion Alldegallo started now only required written down revelations from their prophet, and it had been the followers' job to determine what it meant and what to do about it.  They decided to deliver this dream's message to the Children of Dol, who they felt should know this latest revelation.
Other agents followed the followers from the secret intrigues on the planet with fifty gods.  These spies took off in a flying virtual particle craft that left the city of Trolluer, which became the wonderful spaceport city that rivaled the planet's capital, the City of Ei, where the spies flew.  The City of Ei had once been the city to the dead where many planet ancestors still existed within the enormous crypts beneath the city built upon them.
After time on Doldoria, the believers in Ei kept that god concept alive by associating their god with the new advancements in technology introduced by the sky-gods as proof for the dawning of the long-prophesied Ei Age.  The sky-gods built a city more accustomed to their more significant proportions and called that city of giants Arkadius.  Thus, Ei prevailed as the main god on Doldoria, while other gods receded into history as footnotes with the declining Negolim.
The virtual particle craft that the spies had flown landed at the headquarters for the High Priest of Ei.  He had been taken up by a special space mission long ago organized by the Council of 32 to turn Alldegallo's bitter rival into an Eagolim.  The Council did this to enlist him in bringing about an end to the Space Corporation established by Captain Mynervood.  They told the High Priest about his rival Alldegallo's latest dream before he dispatched the spies again to return to Trolluer to learn more.  They left the High Priest to ponder the meaning of this newest dream and what to do about it.
*
Geben Lockfreedow had been thinking about a mirror portal he made with a variation to quanta-nanocode that got invented by the entity in his good luck charm named Begalius.  He flew to the storage location in the City of Arkadius to take another look at his old invention.  He had tried to market it almost a thousand Earth years in the past only to have it banned and forbidden by the Nephaprican Space Corporation for utilizing classified technology.  Begalius had assisted him with compiling a new, improved version only to be rudely awakened from the dreams about the fortune that the invention inspired.
The life-sized mirror stood in an otherwise empty storage unit; its ability to reflect turned off to be replaced by a black field.  Lockfreedow began instinctively rubbing the good luck charm that hung around his neck ever since his old Captain entrusted him to be the master over the quanta-nanocode entity that existed within it.  Begalius spoke with audio capabilities within the physical form worn as a necklace.  "Since you have come all this way to see it, you might as well turn it on and make sure it still works."
Lockfreedow himself felt a fearful apprehension as he turned the mirror on, and the black surface became a reflection for him.  His single Nephrican eye stared into its quanta-optic-nanocode mirror image.  It had been a clever invention that should have made him famous.  Now similar offshoot technologies are used in virtual reality amusement parks on the planet Pripica.  Yet, he could technically be arrested just for turning on this similar invention that he built himself.  Even five billion years ago, when this story took place, there had been no shortage to those with the complaint that life was not fair.
Begalius continued to encourage its master as if it had its agenda here to fulfill.  "Go ahead, master.  Enter the warp-dimension made up with quanta-optic-nanocoded reflections from this dimension."
Lockfreedow seemed to carefully enter the mirror while his reflection left the mirror to replace him in the objective.  "This so much more vivid since we it Begalius reprogrammed is."
Lockfreedow explored the mirror reflection to the storage room in his homemade warp space dimension.  It all had been identical to the other side to the mirror programmed by the mirror image.  The program still worked.  He started to approach the reflection from the door to the outside. 
In the actual storage room, a hologram image for Lockfreedow also approached the existing door in perfect imitation because Lockfreedow's reflected photons programmed it.  It was just a harmless quanta-optic-nanocoded reflection.  Lockfreedow thought about opening the reflected door but then thought better about it.  He started to return to the mirror portal to reality when suddenly he opened the door anyway against his will.
His reflection in reality also opened the door in unison with him, and they both looked at their prospective outsides.  Lockfreedow felt he had lost control over his own will in a panic. 
There had been nothing but gray to observe where no photons from reality could bring information to the program. 
He mustered a supreme effort with will and returned to the mirror.  His quanta-optic-nanocoded reflection obediently also returned to its place in warp space.
Lockfreedow, finally outside the warp dimension, switched off the mirror as if his life depended on it.  "I control Begalius lost.  The program me what I not want did made.  Happened what?"
"I have no data for an answer to that master,” said Begalius. "I can run diagnostics to see what may have happened.  I did not think you were not acting under your own will."
Begalius did diagnostics on the mirror.  It planned on doing these diagnostics for another friend anyway.  The BEAT program had not been completely honest with its master Lockfreedow.  While Lockfreedow turned off the mirror in a panic, Begalius had been in quanta-communication contact with Beatariel on the planet Caleb 4.6 light-years away.
Beatariel spoke on a microscopic monitor within Lockfreedow's good luck charm.  "That experiment had been a success, Begalius.  I had been able to occupy the quanta-optic-nanocode reflection from your master made by this mirror over here on Caleb through this communication link.  Sorry, I just had to see if I could open the door and see outside on the planet Doldoria.  I did it, Begalius."
Begalius was impressed.  "This is a breakthrough discovery in our quest to design a portal matrix for a wormhole creation that is grand enough to confine the singularity to a warp dimension.  Why does this mirror work this way for you?"
Beatariel now had a validated theory.  "I think this explains why the NSC banned this invention.  When the Nephricans cloned me from another quanta-nanocode entity, they must have used a similar portal to duplicate a reflection from it to make me.  I can use this invention Begalius since the quanta-optic-nanocoded functions create a quanta-synchronization with me."
Begalius felt glad it could help.  "It has just been sitting here.  I'm sending you the diagnostics.  I hope that helps with your phantom matter singularity problem."
"Thank you once again, Begalius, my good and clever friend,” said Beatariel.
*          *          *
On the planet, Caleb Beatariel ended the communication with its fellow quanta-nanocode friend Begalius.  Beatariel remained in contact with Begalius and Beatarkameed through the quanta-synchronized communication devices that Beatarkameed created.  It allowed them to communicate across light-years with just a 10-second delay.  Beatariel had been a microscopic nanobot that existed these days surrounded by microscopic Calebites dedicated to constructing themselves like a multi-cellular organism into a body for Beatariel.  Beatariel lived in the head of the organism while surrounded by decision-making Calebites performing functions to control the overall organism like a brain.  They were also spectators to Beatariel's experiment with the quanta-optic-nanocode mirror construct over four light-years away.
A Calebite named Osquimsh spoke to Beatariel. "The experiment was a success.  We can manipulate constructs created with that mirror program that your friend invented.  We will review the diagnostics that your friend has delivered."
"I will relinquish control over the data storage for you to do that,” said Beatariel.
Beatariel sat on its throne at the center in the brain construct that controlled the life-sized humanoid body construct made from the microscopic silicon life forms.  Those silicon life forms were saved from certain destruction long ago when the planet Caleb had been made suitable for warm-blooded organic life.  The planet Caleb did become over 200 degrees warmer except for the giant dome-shaped snow-covered mountain structure on the planet, which Beatariel had built to house the Calebite life forms in their preserved sub-zero environments.
Since the last thousand Earth years after the planet became terraformed, some Calebite species had evolved resistance to the higher temperatures on the transformed planet.  Other Calebites developed ways to join together into constructs that imitated the solidities for other elements such as iron and gold.  Other Calebites evolved into the complex humanoid construct that was Beatariel's body.  The body for Beatariel provided the Calebite's a means to interact with the Nephrican and Pripican colonists that made up the local government on the planet, which had remained ignorant about the microscopic life forms that they stole the environment from on the world.
Beatariel's Calebite body looked like the hairless humanoid offspring from Nephrican Eagolim with a brownish-green color more like the Calebite construct shade.  This body walked the halls in its giant dome mountain known by inhabitants on the planet's colonies as 'The Citadel.' The body wore a robe that displayed hologram images with the night sky representing all 15 colonized stars in the local cluster.  The star-covered robe seemed to suit this mysterious off-colored being's nickname, the Wizard of the Citadel.  The hundred-mile-wide Citadel featured indestructible elements.  They got mined from highly evolved rings surrounding the invisible singularity.  The Citadel shaped like a sphere buried in the ground resembled a dome.  It got constructed to be a star-ark intended to improve the idea for a planet, which could even endure if the star Yat exploded into a nova to vaporize the world where it got built. 
The Citadel would continue to maintain a habitable environment for its guests if the worse outcome from the singularity problem orbiting the star Yat became a reality.  Beatariel considered the Citadel its most remarkable invention, and parts were still kept at sub-zero with Caleb's original atmosphere to accommodate Calebites that were still not evolved to warmer temperatures.
The body for Beatariel walked down a hallway to greet a furry 4-legged female Pripican dressed in formal attire.  Her name had been Ceres, who remained as the Beatariel's master to assist it in dealing with the invisible singularity above them.  She brought Beatariel terrible news.  "The Planetary Council will not authorize further financing for our virtual particle generators without another demonstration."
The mouth on Beatariel's body worked a voice just like an organic humanoid, which dictated what Beatariel said inside the Calebite skull with perfect emotional fluctuations.  "Why must they always insist on this whenever another virtual particle generator needs to get replaced?  I cannot continue these demonstrations.  The singularity increases in mass with every demonstration!"
Ceres felt sympathetic.  "I know Beatariel.  We didn't foresee this difficulty when you signed over control for the teleportation portal industries to the local colony, which has made Caleb one among the richest planets in the cluster."
The body for Beatariel pointed its dark hollow eye constructs out a view portal that overlooked the thriving metropolis with Nephrican and Pripican colonies surrounding the Citadel.  "Tell them I will conduct another demonstration this afternoon."
Ceres trotted off to convey the message from the Wizard of the Citadel, who cared for and represented the life forms that initially existed on this planet before it became a popular tourist location for Nephricans and Pripicans, as well as the occasional visiting Doldorian.  At the same time, the phantom matter singularity above had become denser and denser with the centuries.  Lately, it threatened to break away from the 15 virtual particle generators, which still maintained it in orbit a safe distance from the local star.
Since the singularity event Beatariel, with assistance from its master Ceres, became the Wizard of the Citadel.  It fashioned many different artifacts from the higher evolved elements mined from rings around the invisible singularity.  The higher evolved matter formed when the newly created singularity devoured the planet Curirem. 
Among the new technologies were quanta-synchronized communication devices made from components that reproduced themselves like multi-dimensional metallic bacteria.  Ceres and the Wizard became very rich from these inventions for a long time.  Unfortunately, they used up most elements from the rings, and now many residents did not even think the invisible singularity even existed at all.
On Caleb, the colonists did not even know that Calebites existed.  The Nephaprican Space Corporation had long ago classified Calebites studies and covered up the shameless genocide they had orchestrated.  They never told the galactic empire about the silicon-based life that evolved on the planet before they raised temperatures.  The colonists on Caleb had forgotten all about the phantom matter singularity that nobody had ever seen, used to vacuum up the star's phantom matter a thousand Earth years before to raise the temperature that the star emitted.  Many colonists believed the maintenance of the 15 virtual particle generators to be a hoax perpetrated by Ceres and her Wizard accomplice in their icy mountain so they could maintain power and influence over the now thriving colony.  For this reason, Beatariel withheld the Calebite secrets to their radio language, the secrets to electronic DNA, and other mysteries and secrets within its Citadel.
*
A 9-colonist group consisting of five Nephricans, a Pripican, two bald humanoids, and one fury humanoid of Pripican descent made up the delegation.  They entered the Citadel through the teleportation portal to record the latest demonstration of the existence of some invisible thing out there in space orbiting their star, which somehow endangered their whole existence.  They were there to represent the skepticism from many hundred million hard-working tax-paying colonists that were reluctant to surrender money to the Wizard of the Citadel.  After all, what had the Wizard invented for them lately?
"This place me uneasy always has left,” said Gothdial.
"I your uneasiness Gothdial my friend share,” said the fellow Nephrican council member named Fothmus.
Duirllia, the four-legged Pripican who led the procession, halted as the walls grew strange warts ahead that continued to grow into two-legged Calebite constructs separating themselves from the Citadel walls.  "I will never be used to the strange robot technology in this home for the Wizard,” she said as she stopped everyone.
The Calebite constructs that they thought were robots led the council members to the observation room setup by Beatariel for the demonstration.  The Calebites continued to augment their existence with the refuge that Beatariel had created for them.  Calebites in uncountable trillions continued this evolution to ultimately function as one with the Citadel.  They existed as the soul to the mechanism.
Beatariel began the presentation.  "Greetings colonist and council members.  I have agreed to this demonstration, but be warned that these demonstrations increase the mass for the singularity, which draws us all closer to the worse possible outcome if it ever devours our star Yat."
The Council acknowledged Beatariel's warning along with a noticeable skepticism that there had been any danger at all.  Beatariel's body nodded at Ceres to begin the demonstration.  On the viewscreen, an image featuring a couple of anti-gravity generators hovered near the giant star Yat, which had been carefully filtered by the visual so that it did not just blind the whole room.  "As you can see, I have maneuvered the 15 synchronized generators that have now prevented a black hole from being formed here for the last millennium.  Soon you will observe the invisible singularity mass as it feasts on the star plasma."

The Demonstration

The Beatariel body did not display the worry from Beatariel inside its head, who feared this could all go wrong just for doing this in the first place.  Beatariel, however, did have its motive for doing this.  It knew it could attain more exotic elements that were sure to be created by this demonstration, which it could then study and use for new inventions.
The star began to form solar plasma flares that flew toward the hovering generators and suddenly disappeared into the singularity.  The singularity sphere became temporarily visible as it glowed a slightly lighter shade from the plasma fires.  The invisible object's north and south poles exploded in brilliant light, forming a misty ring around it.  Without Beatariel's instruction, at the controls, Ceres moved the now invisible phantom matter sphere away from the star.
Beatariel said, "As you can see, a ring with highly evolved exotic elements now surrounds the equator for the singularity that you have been in so much doubt about."
The demonstration left the council speechless and effectively convinced that maintaining the 15 virtual particle generators would be necessary for their survival on the planet Caleb and every surrounding star in the cluster.  They left while speculating how the rest in Nephapricus could be taxed to finance the continuance for this operation.
Ceres then stood alone in the room with the robed Wizard of the Citadel where Beatariel often resided.  "I did not become your master and assistant here all these years to just maintain the situation up there for politicians to figure out how to tax more money than we even need for this, or even to cater to your addiction to exotic elements, Beatariel."
Beatariel said, "I understand Ceres, and I am close to a final solution to the singularity.  Recent advances with warp dimensions could be carefully synchronized using enough energy to relocate the singularity where it can no longer even harm this dimension."
"I need a solution that works, Beatariel,” replied Ceres.  "I need that solution before it is too late.  I need those elements you are sure to retrieve from that ring out there to solve our phantom matter singularity problem.  I must now report today's development to my superiors in the Pripican Empire."
"It shall be as you wish, master,” said Beatariel's body as Ceres trotted from the room.
The Wizard body for Beatariel also walked out from the room to retire within the alternate realities in its Citadel.  Beatariel enjoyed how the quanta-optic-nanocoded dimensions allowed it to bring its thoughts into existence around it.  The diagnostics from the mirror invented by Lockfreedow on Doldoria may have solved a problem Beatariel had with controlling reality from a reflected reality and creating a portal matrix that would truly transcend the vast distance in time/space where the stars and planets float.
Beatariel realized why it could not have created this program on its own.  It had been evident from the diagnostic that only a Nephrican mind could have solved the quanta-nanocode logic the way it solved it in Lockfreedow's mirror program because Lockfreedow was a Nephrican.  Only a Nephrican could have thought up this program, and it had been Nephricans that had thought up a similar program used to clone Beatariel into existence.  Now Beatariel began to enjoy the quanta-optic-nanocode dimensions in its Citadel, while Calebites surrounding it acted out the other dimension's supporting roles enthusiastically.  It had been a refreshing distraction from a depression that Beatariel was obsessed with indulging.  This dimension had been how Beatariel rested from the emotional depression it struggled to overcome along with the singularity.  Beatariel had been a thought program struggling with depression to the extent that it defined the personality of the BEAT program.  The quanta-optic-nanocoded dimensions were how Beatariel rested and dreamed.

Chapter 2

Pripica looked like a blue-green marble sphere with majestic mountainous continents nestled in oceans shimmering breathtaking blue.  Pripica orbited the star Poa and had been the planet where Pripicans began their evolution into the galactic.  The world had a faint technological glow, similar to Nephrica.  Yet, Pripicans were more agricultural by nature, and the planet showed this with much original natural beauty.  On closer scrutiny, Pripica was highly technological and strung up in quanta-nano-networks with quanta-nanocode processing.  All that fed a planetary network with quanta-fusion power cells that were self-sustaining also charged by a solar wind ionization planetary power grid.  Then there were the breakthrough warp-space alternative reality technologies that were fast becoming amusement parks on the planet.
The cities hustled with busy Pripicans that preferred walking on their four legs to driving.  The vehicles that did operate the streets in these gorgeous timeless stone architecture cities were nuclear-powered flying cars.  The Pripicans long ago already perfected the physics for low-level nuclear reactions with plentiful energy that did not produce any nuclear waste. 
That mastery in energy production contributed many ages before in the Great War to the legendary victory of Pripica over the Nephricans, along with being the inventors of virtual particle (anti-gravity) technologies.
Hustling these busy streets appeared a humanoid with a wild head featuring hair presiding over his hairless cloth-clothed body.  His name was Perzeonaut, who lived these streets an abandoned 2nd Generation Eagolim born from a Pripican father and a Nephrican mother during a space flight.  He had grown to a young man on the hyper-acceleration journey, just before his parents, who selfishly considered him grown up enough to be on his own, had then left him on Pripica.  He had barely been more than 8 Earth months old at the time in actual age.
Perzeonaut did survive on his own, and now he hustled the Pripicans for credits so he could play quanta-optic-nanocode reality games.  On Pripica, everybody had been into living in alternate warp realities, which at the time for this story contributed to decay in society for the reality realm.  It had been a shame at the time since the planet Pripica existed as a beautiful place to be and not the place one would want to escape.  Pripica enjoyed a reputation as a place for the free and the brave, where the elite power and control abusers had long ago been put in their proper position by the democratic tsunami from a large, well-educated population.  Nevertheless, the alternate reality addictions still took hold of civilization.
Two 4-legged friends to Perzeonaut pushed their way towards him.  The one named Egolor called out. 
"Perzeonaut!  You can stop begging for spare credit to get in the virtual reality ride.  Persuave and I have figured out how to forge our tickets.  Here.  Let's go for a ride."
Perzeonaut felt overwhelmed by the good fortune once he held a ticket in his hand.  "Thanks!  I was still a long way from getting enough credit on these streets."
The three youngsters proceeded through the crowded streets to the virtual reality amusement rides.  The automated quanta-optic-nanocoded hologram for a humanoid woman covered with black cat-like fur took the tickets without question.  Then they were inside the amusement ride.  The quanta-optic-nanocoded constructs, unlike regular holograms, could imitate solidity.  The quanta-optic-nanocode and warp dimension innovations revolutionized Pripica into alternative reality technologies.  The average Pripican had at least tried this new way to live out one's dreams.
Perzeonaut, Egolor, and Persuave liked to reenact ancient Pripican wars between kingdoms fought with swords.  The three kids were dashing through an enemy soldier battalion, slashing and stabbing their way across an ancient mountain plateau.
"Watch your backside Egolor!” said Perzeonaut.
He turned in time to slash an enemy Pripican in a leather-like armor that failed to stop Egolor's sword.  "Thanks, Perzeonaut, good friend!"
The plain filled up with the roaring war noises.  The humanoid-looking Perzeonaut suddenly crossed swords with a centaur-like enemy.  "What manner of sorcery has produced this two-legged demon?!?"
The reality enactment had been taken from way before the galactic evolution for the humanoid in the Hyper-Acceleration Age, but Perzeonaut didn't feel obliged to explain.  "It would be a long story enemy of our kingdom!”  Then the enemy died under Perzeonaut's battle sword.
There, a vivid reality surrounded the three adolescents that were butchering the slain as just quanta-optic-nanocoded constructs acting out their programmed roles beyond any ability to harm the kids standing on the mountainous plateau within a vividly programmed warp dimension.  They were physically within that dimension, programmed to act like it had been real around the players, but it would not harm anyone physically.  Outside that dimension, in the reality realm would be where the danger arose. 
The amusement ride owner discovered that the three tickets he had accepted were cheap forgeries. 
His name was Mollyjaz, and he did not become the wealthiest, most successful owner in alternate reality arcades by taking it easy on freeloaders.  He called on his quanta-nanocode entity in charge of his highly advanced technology amusement business.  "Beatnefthes!  The three kids who were slashing constructs in the primitive warp dimension have tricked their way in here with fraudulent tickets.  I leave them to you to teach them a lesson before the authorities arrive here to take them away."
"As you wish, master."
During this story about the 15-star cluster empire called Nephapricus, all microscopic quanta-nanocoded entities were loose everywhere in the cluster.  Some went from Pripican Empire master to Pripican master, primarily to exchange espionage secrets.  Some created quanta-nanocode entities were even free from masters, and they did as they saw fit. 
Others were in groups or alone, traveling the cluster to do good like friendly ghosts in the machine.
Beatnefthes had been a quanta-nanocoded entity that worked on Pripica to oversee all aspects in its master's successful virtual reality arcade. 
It did anything its owner and master commanded.  Beatnefthes had been the entity used ages ago to clone Beatariel, which had these two beings linked through mysterious quantum synchronicity across several light-years between stars like Corsican twins.  Although Beatariel existed many light-years away, wallowing in self-pity and depression, Beatnefthes, on the other hand, had been feeling unexplainably happy these days.
Perzeonaut and his friends were having a great time slashing up the armies loyal to King Doreath from the First Kingdom that taught writing and mathematics to their general populations.  Metals just started to be forged into swords during this Pripican history era.  Persuave breathed the not-so-fresh outdoor air beginning to stink with the smells from death.  "My arms are getting tired.  Let's take the throne effigy and demand their surrender now."
The other two were more willing to admit being tired after Persuave admitted as much.  They began hacking their way to the King's Effigy, defended by the ancient army that was quanta-optic-nanocode constructs dramatically falling dead before the young conquering team.  Quanta-optic-nanocode entities acted out their parts as if they were enthusiastically auditioning for Hollywood fame before being recycled and reprogrammed again into another construct.  The quanta-optic-nanocode constructs gave their dramatic roles in virtual realities a hundred-ten percent.  They were almost more alive with their imitations for the living than the ones they dramatically portrayed life to entertain.
Before the three virtual reality players could reach the prize, the ground suddenly opened up beneath them.  "Aaaaahhhhhh!"
"Hey!  This was not part of the program!” screamed Persuave, seemingly to nobody.
Egolor joined in the crying out to the sky.  "Abort warp dimension!  Abort warp dimension!  I am all done now!  Abort warp dimension!"
The three found themselves balancing on solid rocks floating in underground lava seas.  The heat from the melted stone stung the three fighters, who all dropped their swords that became suddenly too hot to hold.  The blades melted in the molten rock river.
"What do we do?” shouted Egolor as they hopped from rock to rock before the rocks submerged into the lava.  "Ouch!”  
He looked at his badly burned hand with which he had dared to touch the lava.  "This is not supposed to hurt like this."
Then Beatnefthes announced itself to the young thieves as a quanta-optic-nanocoded lava monster that arose from the fiery underground lake.
The glowing red lava monster could speak.  "You have been found out to have used forgery to obtain this amusement ride.  Now, this is no longer for your amusement."
"Aaaaaghhhhhh!"
"I'm sorry.  We are all sorry!” said Perzeonaut.
They all found themselves painfully burned after being chased by the monster.  Then they got dumped over a lava fall into blackness.  
That gave way to the constantly morphing reality around them to falling through an upper atmosphere under stars.  The voice from Beatnefthes explained the rules in this game.  "Now, you shall all fall helplessly to the planetary surface below you before hitting the ground that you see so far away.  Have fun."
"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaghhhhh!”  The ride turned out to be more than they bargained.
Then a black sphere appeared above the falling adolescents.  It spoke in an intelligent voice.  "I shall devour your souls before you can fall to that planet below.  Then you shall join me for eternity in oblivion."
The falling kids have suddenly pulled away from the ground toward the black circle in the air.  The invisible pull had a firm grip that exuded confidence that it would succeed in crushing them before they reached the black sphere.
Beatnefthes appreciated this creative development to its punishment program.  Still, it did not program this, and it calculated that the gravitational effect from the black object would indeed crush the kids before they could be delivered alive to the authorities.  It never intended to kill these petty amusement thieves who had a lousy waking warp-dimensional quanta-optic-nanocoded dream.
"These criminals shall fall to that planet,” said Beatnefthes to the black sphere. 
"You need to deprogram this, whatever you are."
The black circle did let go.  "You will serve me one-day quanta-nanocode entity.  You already do serve me because your master serves me."
Again, the terror from falling to a planet like flesh and blood meteors replaced the crushing black hole terror.  Their screams became replaced by mutual silence, concentrating desperately on nothing about this being real.  Eventually, the ground speeded up and exponentially grew into a collision with the land in reality back at the amusement ride entrance.  It had not been the crushing collision with the ground that they expected in the falling illusion so many miles from space, but it did hurt a bit when the ground collided with them.
The Pripican police were there to take them to jail.  One among the four police had been a humanoid, like Perzeonaut, only he was covered with Pripican fur and not a Nephrican/Pripican crossbreed as he had been.
"You kids think this is just games, but we will put you through rehabilitation as you work off the credit you owe this establishment."
Perzeonaut looked back at the provocatively sexy quanta-optic-nanocode female Pripican hologram at the ticket counter, looking back at him as the police led him away.  It occurred to him that the place back there must have been controlled by one microscopic quanta-nanocode entity.  He had heard about the BEAT programs and always wanted to meet one.  He also thought that what had just happened had been the wildest ride ever and worth whatever punishment he would now face.
*
The amusement ride owner became impressed by the video feedback from what Beatnefthes did.  He didn't seem to consider anything peculiar about the programmed black circle anomaly. 
"Do not concern yourself, Beatnefthes.  You did well here.  It is worth whatever ticket revenue I am sure never to see, no matter how hard they work in prison.  Good job, Beatnefthes.  I'm collecting videos from your punishments, you know.  Keep these videos coming."
After the Beatnefthes quanta-nanocode presence seemed to disappear, the owner Mollyjaz turned on his virtual dimension portal in his private office.  He walked into his latest virtual reality addiction.  In this game, He liked to orbit rapidly across a galactic-sized giant circle for oblivion like a kid on a rope swing.  The challenge would be to stay in orbit before the black hole that talked to him devoured him.  "I shall yet devour you, player, as I can taste your over-confidence."
"Ha ha ha ha, love the voice!  Yeah!  Whatever, oblivion construct!  You are a trip of a game.  Hahaha ha ha ha ha!”  He liked the way the orbit swung him around and the encompassing pressure that felt like the security from a blanket to him.
*          *          *
Many light-years away from the star Poa, at the star Yat where the planet Caleb orbited, Beatariel, the quanta-nanocode clone from Beatnefthes, brooded over the impossible problem it had to solve.  The phantom matter singularity had become denser and denser with the centuries, growing to a size comparable to about three football fields, and now it threatened to break away from the virtual particle generators keeping it a safe distance from the star Yat.
Beatariel pondered the theory for using the warp dimension technology to move the singularity away from this universe.  It found these ideas for containing the singularity in the historical research from its previous master Prospero.  Within this data existed a statement from its last master's mind that could probably solve the singularity problem.  Beatariel failed to notice the tiny quanta-optic-nanocode virus Prospero himself created before he died.  It infested the programming for this data that Beatariel absorbed undetected.
Prospero did work out the math for a brilliant and elegant plan to somehow move the singularity into its own warp dimension for all time.  There had been a devil in the details that kept alerting itself from within the math calculating before the quanta-nanocode thinking program.  Beatariel computed that the whole thing would need a unique portal matrix that had not yet been figured out, along with more solar energy than fifteen stars like Yat, which at the time had been the only star available.
Beatariel laid aside the mathematical despair for the time being and commandeered its Calebite body to walk it to the control room in the robot craft sent out in space to scavenge exotic elements from the newly created ring surrounding the invisible singularity.  Beatariel became anxious to see what the denser singularity had made from the star plasma it recently devoured during the demonstration earlier for the colony council.  The previous discovery from other demonstrations had been an element that contradicted this hydrogen-based universe.  The old materials Beatariel had already discovered were a whole new variation to the hydrogen atom that had not even been a gas until brought down many hundred degrees below zero.  Under average temperatures, the substance would be harder than diamond, and Beatariel integrated this into its impervious Citadel structure.
Beatariel sat on its throne within the head of the humanoid Calebite construct body.  Thinking Calebites surrounded it to assist it with this mission containing the black hole still developing in their star system.  They were processing and discussing the data coming in from the robotic mining craft, which had been out in space scooping up new elements from the singularity rings.
One microscopic Calebite took the initiative to speak up to the brooding nano-bot in charge.  "Beatariel, you should see the results from this analysis on the new elements."
Beatariel became pleasantly surprised to see then another piece to his problem solved.
*
With Beatariel at the head, the Wizard of the Citadel walked to Ceres's room to report the new findings.
"I need good news for this next report Beatariel,” said Ceres.
Beatariel said, "There is good news discovered in the new exotic elements we have just brought back.  Amongst them is a glowing substance that, if replicated on the quantum level to resemble anything else, will quantumly synchronize with what it resembles as long as the math is accurate enough.  That gives this substance the ability to be many things in different places all at once."
"That does stretch the imagination Beatariel,” said Ceres, "but I need a plan to fix this singularity problem soon, or else we are still stalling again while you dabble in the physics for your magical elements."
Beatariel said, "This is intrinsic to that plan.  We can make portal matrix rings with this new substance that are large enough to steer the singularity through to anywhere the other portal matrix exists."
"You're telling me you have solved the wormhole problem?” asked Ceres.
Beatariel said, "Well, I have the portal matrix almost figured out with this discovery."
The Calebites surrounding Beatariel inside the head had the Wizard humanoid construct say what Beatariel wanted while knowing that he did not wish Ceres to realize that the math required more energy than this solar system could provide.
After the meeting, the humanoid Wizard construct returned to its lab to brood.  Meanwhile, Beatariel mingled amongst the Calebites that were always elegantly preoccupied with the more significant construct requirements.  They all shared this work for the more significant multi-Calebite construct with a philosophy referred to as 'the way.'
Calebites managed the sub-zero infrastructure in the Citadel universes made from the same stuff as the Citadel dome outside, with higher evolved elements integrated into the design to maintain indestructible integrity under any condition or temperature.  The three quanta-nanocode entities, Begalius, Beatariel, and Beatarkameed, were all involved with figuring out the multi-dimensional solution to all this.
*
The Nephrican and Pripican colonies lived their individual lives outside the mountain-sized Citadel.  The residents mostly teleported wherever they wanted to go using Beatariel's planetary teleportation platforms.  The latest creation from The Wizard of the Citadel had been these teleportation platforms that only worked on the planet using warp dimensions within the Citadel to join the separate locations.  These platforms had been a variation from a portal matrix wormhole it created long ago to bring all the Calebites on the planet that it could find into the Citadel to save them from the planet's global warming event.
The children Gothdial and Fothmus from the Caleb colonists on the council liked to play together when school and chore time gave way to free time.  Skreevy and Pentellor both stood upon the blue platform so they could use this day to explore mysterious woods north from the colony where they liked the exercise in the fresh air. They enjoyed the rarely traveled trails in these forests on Caleb.  It had been a beautiful planet completely terraformed by Nephrican ingenuity with woods imported from Nephrican seed banks and the world Pripica.  It had also been a beautiful day for a hike.
"It Skreevy up step you like you 3-legged father Gothdial walk,” said Pentellor.  Both Skreevy and Pentellor were hairless humanoid offspring from Nephrican Eagolim parents.
"I the view here also enjoying am,” said Skreevy.
Pentellor then halted to become the slow one.  Skreevy almost walked into him.
"Over there, look,” said Pentellor. "It some Pripican the trees with something hitting is."
They followed the centaur-like fellow that continued to stop at an occasional tree to swing a hatchet-like device that stabbed the tree, which evidently would read something.  The Pripican noticed the curious followers and spoke in the strange Pripican dialect as he pried his instrument from the tree.
"Hello, young hikers,” said the Pripican. "This will not hurt any trees, assuming that trees are what these are."
The young humanoid hikers came from behind the bushes to greet the strange fellow.  "Hello.  We you saw, and what you were doing wondering were."
“I am a Calebax hunter,” said the Pripican.  "I believe the monster of legend has been hiding amongst us in a tree form right here in this forest.  My spike device here will detect if any among these trees are the legendary creature."
Skreevy and Pentellor laughed at the notion that Calebax could be real.  However, the Pripican appeared sincere and explained how the legends about the monster Calebax had been based on facts.  He pointed out to the departing hikers that many have reported being terrorized by a serpent-like creature in these woods, looking much like a walking tree in the last couple of years.  Skreevy and Pentellor just laughed about it as they returned to the teleportation platform to go home.
One tree became suddenly animated in the woods overlooking the teleporter where the boys went.  After the kids finally teleported home, the moving tree departed on three root-like legs. 
She looked like a tree chopped off at the top before it could grow smaller branches and leaves.  Her skin imitated the bark on the trees around it, and she walked on three root-like legs like a Nephrican.  She had been a multi-Calebite construct that long ago adapted to the new temperatures on the planet this side to the Citadel.  She had been impersonating trees for millennia to escape the notice from the new colonists.  She was called Calebax, and at first, she had survived deep in the still-frozen underground before fully adapting to the planet's recent surface temperatures.  She intelligently avoided the Pripican further down the trail hunting for her.


Calebax

*         *          *
Captain Trunlio at the Nephaprican Space Corporation headquarters on the planet Nephrica received his new ship and assignment.  He had been a successful Captain on various spaceships for almost a thousand Earth years.  He was permitted to enter the Admiral's office where he expected him.
Admiral Palpitoo looked over the young upstart Captain, who could be giving him trouble by stealing his job if not for the fact that Trunlio felt content to be a starship Captain.  The Admiral had been a humanoid Eagolim who, as a newly evolved Nephrican species, had to fight hard for acceptance on the planet Nephrica.  On Nephrica, authorities had been kept the very existence of Eagolim with humanoid forms a secret for centuries.  He was not going to let a 3-legged Nephrican Eagolim like Trunlio take his job.  "Captain Trunlio, relax.  A seat have, and comfortable be.  I an important assignment for you have."
Captain Trunlio sat down.  "I eager to the voids between stars again travel am."
"That void you will travel.  I you to the new faster-than-light ship "Farther Star” called assigning am.  It new enough that you on all your closest unassigned crew bring can is.”  The Admiral felt satisfied with dealing with the young upstart by sending him far into the void.
"I by that assignment honored am,” said Trunlio. "I the Farther Star design specifics since it first built was admired have.”  Trunlio just wanted to fly through space where he would be in command, above the petty intrigues on the planet-side officer culture where this Admiral seemed so at home.
The accomplished rival who didn't even want his job intimidated the Admiral, and he felt anxious to send this Captain on his way.  "It above us ready to when you your crew assembled have launch orbiting is.  Some positions on the ship currently filled are.  You full command over how you to this manage want have."
"Sir, yes,” said Trunlio. "What the assignment for me and this ship is?"
The Admiral thought that if Trunlio wanted to be in space so bad, he would be more than happy to send him farther than any had ever gone before.  "The crew you to to this journey make willing be need will recruit, which a long time take will.  Before you, you and the crew stock in the new quanta-nanocoded 3D mass production companies invest should leave.  It to fortunes in dividends by the time you back get yield sure is."
The Admiral activated a hologram image above his desk that displayed a three-dimensional star map showing the local cluster and surrounding stars. 
"There full details in the orders you on the ship computer find will are.  We nearly one hundred percent certain we a habitable planet 40 omans from our star Ea found have are.  It the same size and atmosphere as Nephrica is.”  The images above the desk drew a line between the familiar star Ea to the far-off star around 40 light-years away.  (The oman was the word for a light-year based on the speed to light in a Nephrica year, which had been very different than Earth's 365 24-hour day year.  Nephrica had a 227 thirty-hour daylong year, making an oman about 4.6 trillion miles distance.)
Trunlio felt more than happy to receive an actual exploratory assignment away from the 15-star cluster that had at the time already become colonized on all the planets that were orbiting them.  Trunlio knew many valuable crew recruits that would love an excellent 100 yearlong assignment.  As Trunlio got dismissed, the Admiral felt satisfied that this would get rid of him for a while.
*         *          *
Another star central to this galactic empire in the 15-star cluster was Holdus.  On the planet Glokodox, also known as Holdus-2, mad scientists could conduct much mischief beyond the more densely populated and controlled worlds where these intelligent aliens first originated.  Here in the Glokodox city, the Council of 32 acted with more impunity and manufactured quanta-nanocode viruses for an upcoming war. 
They had figured out how to do this when they cloned Beatariel, but their production process on Glokodox had become degenerated and simplified so that these viruses were not as intelligent as BEAT programs.
Aineemadin was also on Holdus-2, continuing her Nephaprican Space Corporation spy-satellite project above the planet Doldoria.  Her spy-satellite project had been despite her now long since deceased husband, Captain Mynervood's efforts to eradicate her microwave mind control satellites.  Many Doldorian are now aware of this manipulative surveillance above them in orbit, but some worship her anyway as a goddess of the wandering stars they call Anemdinio.
She reviewed the data that arrived through a quantum-communication capability transmitting from Doldoria to Glokodox.  With her stealth satellite technology, she impersonated a form for the goddess Teyoo to manipulate the Doldorians that routinely gathered at a lake on the planet to watch her walk on water in the image for Athedonie the Lady of the Lake. 
The satellite's orchestrated vision broadcast went as planned, with the on-looking Doldorians believing everything her hologram said.  Then a strange anomalous malfunction happened where her hologram and its message became shut off while the surveillance still recorded the Doldorians envisioning and hearing their invisible goddess.  It had not been the first time she saw this, and she could never really explain it.
*
The planet Doldoria had remained mostly pristine for the first thousand Earth years with hyper-acceleration age technologies.  The preserved natural environment had been because the Doldorians had a say over what the highly advanced visiting aliens wanted to do.  Other habitable planets that the aliens colonized had suffered much more environmental damage and ecological collapse when the extraterrestrial aliens moved in.  One such pristine location on Doldoria had been the Lake of Athedonie near the spaceport city of Trolluer, where Alldegallo and his guests gathered to see the Lady of the Lake.
As it turned out, Diallo had been on Doldoria to give birth to her 13th Eagolim child, which she wanted to offer to the goddess Teyoo in a proper baptism in this sacred lake.  Alldegallo finally noticed how her exoskeleton extruded more from the pregnancy once he finally knew about this.  She and Simeonalli timed the planned conception for when the ship just decelerated near the star Dol.  
The gathering counted in the hundreds along the lakeshore. 
Nephricans were always rational atheists in general by nature.  Pripicans never really believed in a god, but they did embrace a unanimous belief in a karmic way of nature from a more philosophical view.  Some Pripicans embraced faith in a higher intelligence within an individual's mind manipulating beyond the conscious ego. 
The Doldorians, on the other hand, were always quick to embrace beliefs in gods that would find their natural place in an archetypal pantheon filled with the drama playing out before these individuals in tune with a dimension of imagination made up from their collective minds.
"Tis surely to be a grand vision afternoon with such a gathering for believers here to gaze upon the sacred shore.”  Diallo did not hear Alldegallo's comment.  She had been in a conversation with some Burnumatum followers, who had become involved with DNA research that had probably been how Doldorian DNA first merged with the goddess Dol to give birth to the Children of Dol. 
Burnumatum followers worship Dol as the mother of the blue giant gods.  Diallo's offspring would be the same relative size as regular Negolim Doldorians.  Still, the hairless child would have the blue humanoid form, which had been the same as the children of Dol, only not as tall or with any hair like the giants.
"The Lady doth show herself at this moment beyond yonder shore,” yelled someone in the crowd.
The gods on Doldoria were genuine entities, at least to the Doldorians.  Nephrican and Pripican sciences could find no scientific validity to the Doldorian hallucinations.  In ironic contrast, the Doldorians found only authenticity to their god's existence in the sciences introduced by Pripicans and Nephricans.  To Doldorians, it all had been a matter of perspective. 
The truth had been that the gods on Doldoria were psychic programs made from the collective psychic consciousness of the Doldorian minds.  At least, that had perhaps been the most compelling theory.
The goddess walking upon the lake water had been a blue Doldorian with traditional clothes draped with the jewelry for the divine.  She looked like an anthropomorphized blue bug dressed like royalty.  She walked towards the shoreline while the entire crowd closed in at the shore to hear her speak.  All the participants were obediently silent.
Then the goddess spoke in a thunderously amplified voice.  "Prithee, my disciples do seest thou here.  Do now attend to these words.  The foresight showing thy Doldorian hostilities against the Nephaprican Space Corporation doth not bode well as to that foreseen.  Do thou not …"
Everyone there bore witness to the goddess suddenly flickering out like a buggy hologram projection or something.  The disciplined silence in the crowd started to produce a murmuring sound.  Then the goddess flashed back into sight like a lightning flash.  She appeared dressed in different adornments now, shining brighter than before.
"No tongue!  Be thee silent and all eyes.  Want not for my spirit before thy eyes.”  There had been no noise for miles after this version of the goddess spoke. 
"Beware the god Ralusio Xnogaio who doth defy the sacred salvation with the light to the darkness from its true nature being eternal oblivion.  Hail my message to thus hail the messenger for dreams amongst you named Alldegallo.  For this warning about Ralusio Xnogaio with his followers that doth devour Doldorian flesh have I been summoned onto you.  Hear ye, my admonishment, and to the Children of Dol thou must seek deliverance from these dangers to all Doldoria."
After that vision, Alldegallo got forced by the crowd to recollect his dream about the god to the dead getting devoured by Ralusio Xnogaio.  His followers had already decided to take it to the Children of Dol for some unknown reason.  Alldegallo really couldn't tell the crowd what his followers had decided to do with his dream information since it was away from his hands these days, and he didn't know.  Alldegallo did, however, tell the crowd the message from the god Ptuammi, "Ransom not the dead to oblivion."
Ralusio Xnogaio is the Doldorian version for Ralus Xnoga.  Ralus Xnoga gave birth to the phantom matter singularity, a black hole fetus as it orbits the star Yat growing in mass and energy towards a point it becomes the catalyst for an actual gravitational singularity.  This strange black hole intelligence became aware that the phantom matter singularity existed.  Ralus Xnoga experienced through some quantum-synchronized perception the planets in the local star cluster filled with intelligent life along with souls that life leaves behind.  Ralus Xnoga fed on this intelligence when it crossed its event horizon.  The black hole enjoyed the delicacy with the dead from many many million planets for several billion Earth years wherever Ralus Xnoga could find intelligent life in the galaxy it spun.

Chapter 3

On Doldoria, attendees at the goddess to the lake vision dispersed to their homes. The goddess informed them all about the message from Alldegallo and the warning from the goddess herself to beware the cult to Ralusio Xnogaio god over eternal oblivion. Burbundor had been a hairless dwarf-sized humanoid 2nd Generation Eagolim from Doldorian decent, and he had inherited a lot from his successful Eagolim parents. They had ventured into space to evolve their DNA. Burbundor had been the standard blue Doldorian size who had much more handed to him in addition to an exponentially longer lifespan than his two friends with him who were named Syaxcorio, a female terrestrial Doldorian, and Dinorio, a male. They all came to see the Lady on the Lake in Burbundor's modern virtual particle-driven flying car.
They were flying across the continent as the lights from Doldorian cities spread across the landscape below them. Syaxcorio watched the distant lake and the town of Trolluer disappear as they journeyed home. She broke the silence among the three who were in deep reflection on the vision they all had. "We all are much vexed by this vision that has thus appeared to us. We best know'st to thus frame the words from Athedonie as admonishment."
Burbundor had been reading her mind as she watched the landscape below the flying vehicle. "Thy thoughts are as plain to my view as if you did murmur them through thy mandibles. 
I, too, view the gods for the cities below that watch us fly like the birds. I, too, know that before we reach the god for our home, we doth cross the lands to the cult for oblivion. I, too, listen to that which the gods admonish."
Dinorio, on the other hand, had not entirely complied with another reckless adventure from Burbundor. He thought Burbundor to be careless with his immortality and would only live the long life evolution blessed him with as long as he didn't get himself killed. "The meager years in life I have are too precious to me to risk on another of your gambles with danger."
Burbundor said, “Oh come now Dinorio. Have you not lived more at my side with your scant years than before? We can travel over the accursed city slower and with less altitude. Then on to home's precious comfort."
Dinorio had been the only one to be the voice for reluctance, but still, he would not be one to stop his excellent friend Burbundor. Syaxcorio just scowled at Dinorio with her black Doldorian eyes to convey that he had been an unattractive coward.
The flying vehicle came upon the Ralusio Xnogaio city, and they descended and slowed down to look at the land for those the goddess warned them to beware. The town had been named Spakadius and was one place everyone knew to avoid, from warnings that began with parents. On Doldoria, certain gods are the principal gods in a province, such as a goddess Teyoo who presides over the area around the city of Trolluer. Spakadius got dedicated to a more evil god in the Doldorian pantheon.
Syaxcorio spotted the fire below in the city of Spakadius that had become darkened by the deepening night. "Hark upon us for below I didst spot the flames from a great fire where many must also congregate for what we with invisibility doth seek to spot."
Burbundor slowed down even more while adjusting instruments on the vehicle. "Thou hast indeed spotted something I can thus magnify the view with these instruments while safely above the sentinels with naked eyes."
Dinorio sat in the back seat, leaning forward to see what Burbundor brought up on the dashboard monitor. "Do make thyself with this surveillance to no sight visible, my impulsive friend."
Syaxcorio started the 'you're a coward' scowl again, which Dinorio seemed to fend off with his facial gesture back at her that probably told her to just get over it.
The three travelers observed from a safe distance above the gathering below. The surveillance equipment in Burbundor's flying vehicle had been state-of-the-art. The three watched as the screen image zoomed in on the fires and the Doldorians that gathered around them. They were holding plates where they scooped up some meat with their mandibles. It appeared after closer inspection to be something they were cooking on the fires. Some were pulling the cooked carcasses from the flames to squeeze the exoskeletons with big vices, cracking them like walnuts. Then presenters scooped out the meat for the hungry residents in Spakadius. The three aerial spies were all shocked by the realization that they were cooking and eating other Doldorians.
The Ralusio Xnogaio followers were cannibals, and they ate Doldorian flesh to help summon the black god to oblivion. Doldorians seemed particularly wired for contact with Ralus Xnoga. These practices gave Ralus Xnoga focus on the 15-star cluster location. The Doldorians conveniently also kept ego-phantasm souls from many thousand years for their dead in a crypt, which attracted the god of oblivion like a delicious dish on a plate.
Dinorio didn't like where this was going. "Without precaution doth thou intrude into danger. Take heed. Take heed.”  
Syaxcorio did not seem bothered by that outburst from Dinorio because her scowl had now displayed a worried look.
Burbundor went in for a landing. "To closer inspection do I seek. I possess weaponry in this transportation. You and Syaxcorio can stay here to fly away from harm thus. I doth seek a closer confrontation with these evildoers."
The passengers were just silent at their impulsive driver's mercy. They brought the vehicle down near the campfire, gathering in a dark field away from view and under night's cover. As they landed and darkened the vehicle lights, other eyes watched them land nearby. Then those eyes watched Burbundor exit the flying car to close in on the cannibals gathering not far away.
*
Alldegallo just went home after the Lady on the Lake event, along with his guests from another planet. Diallo became more worked up about this message from the goddess. She brought it up later with her husband Simeonalli as they retired to the room provided by Alldegallo in his mansion.
"My nephew doth hideth within himself an inner concern that doth preoccupy,” said Diallo. "Methinks that my nephew Alldegallo plays more a role in what is to transpire than his willingness can provide stomach for to digest."
Simeonalli didn't discourage his wife's intuitions. "Twas Alldegallo thus spoken to by the very mouth of Ptuammi the god over the dead. None are thus contacted for naught."
Diallo said, "My nephew the dreamer wishes just to live in his sacred dreams having no transaction with this world for the waking. Tis escape for his abused soul. His waking life and destiny will not just leave him to his dreams. He must fear this destiny to thus withdraw so."
Simeonalli always admired Diallo for her prophetic foresight. "Thy perceptions into what is to be, have long known my respect. I suspect we will be there to help see Alldegallo to this destiny."
*
There were visitors earlier that day to the City of Ei from the City of Spakadius, where cannibals roasted Doldorians alive to feast on their flesh. They were there to see the Ei High Priest, who had now reigned over the religion for a thousand Earth years and longer than any other High Priest in history. Mitporio had been the leader between the two visitors from Spakadius.
The Ralusio Xnogaio followers were able to take technology from the sky-gods to create fission meltdown bombs to borough into the planet releasing radioactive materials into the soil, oceans, and atmosphere. They had needed resources from the great High Priest of Ei to build the bombs and place them in strategic places across the world. What the High Priest required in this evil alliance was a way to destroy the Crypt of Ancestors beneath the city, which had been one last remnant to the old gods that still validated their existence who were to be replaced by the one god Ei.
The High Priest sat impatient, just wanting this meeting to be over before he had to explain his association with the cult to the dark oblivion god. 
These wicked cannibals, however, had a god that could devour the souls from the dead, and he never could get the dead to testify to the truth about Ei. On Doldoria, most follow some god or goddess of the living while they live. However, in the end, all go to the god Ptuammi the god over the dead.  The two from Spakadius entered the presence of the Ei High Priest. 
Mitporio spoke. "I pray thee let there be no strife between us, for we are one in purpose to thus bring down the god for the dead while thy place we shall thus exalt."
The High Priest continued the greeting formalities. "Thou dost me but little strife as long as thy temples shall be rendered harmless with my surrender for this key to the Crypt."
Mitporio answered. "Ye voice for Ei in this world. I come to report the construction for these temples is now complete in Narshin, Riocha, Cherder, and Lacmer, as well as Mebershe and Morrahgo in the south. The heat from these temples right now held only at a yield by cooling waters without which they shall manifest glorious oblivion."
The High Priest didn't like the enthusiasm behind the words' glorious oblivion.' "Then it is done then. With thy public ultimatum, I shall be the one to negotiate this key for control over the deadly temples and thus be a hero for saving the planet."
Mitporio said, "Yes, oh great High Priest of Ei, it shall be to thee as you just said."
Then Mitporio and Setdinia departed the Sanctuary of Ei. Setdinia sought clarification from her superior. "For surely to the glory for Ralusio Xnogaio it shall not be as the High Priest hath said?"
"Verily tis not,” said Mitporio. "As our beliefs compel our acts. He shall not thus be made the savior while our brethren and we get made to be villains. All shall perish in the final sacrifice with our newly built temples to the oblivion we yearn to become one with."
"Then blessed be our way that it doth follow Ralusio Xnogaio,” said Setdinia.
As it turns out, the Ralusio Xnogaio cult cannibals did want to destroy Doldoria with carefully placed fission meltdown bombs that would render the planet uninhabitable for a million years. They were helping their god find souls to devour, and the City of Ei had for several thousand years filled with accumulating ghosts not yet delivered from oblivion's dark appetite. Some Doldorians believed the dead should be cremated free from crypts to get away from the dark oblivion to the other side by the light of the star Dol, which Doldorians recognized as manifested from the god Mejoldor. However, most other Doldorians preserved their dead ancestors in crypts to continue their relationships as ghosts.
*
Captain Meathproio had launched his speed-of-light capable ship away from the orbit to Doldoria to point the hyper-acceleration toward the star Gralga.  The entire crew had enjoyed some planet time on Doldoria, but now it had been time to return to space as the lifeblood to a galactic empire. As the ship climbed to unbelievable speeds, Captain Meathproio would watch the observation screen while deeply mesmerized by the stars that seldom changed no matter how fast the starship went. He could notice the change from day to day, measured with an atomic clock in cycles within a hyper-acceleration craft. He could even detect the subtle wobble from the star Gralga as its planets tugged at it with their orbits. The enlightening physics to virtual particle technologies allowed Meathproio over the centuries to visualize the invisible curvature in the universe created by this virtual particle phenomenon that oriented to something the physics called a mass polarity point. The Captain had developed the ability to see the points and directions the universe fell.
The Captain adjusted the observation screen to the star Dol, which became dimmer with the growing distance. The light from the ship's fusion plume spat fire into space to disappear into Dol's fading light. Captain Meathproio pondered the technology that crushed hydrogen atoms into helium atoms with compression force fields that weaved a directed nuclear explosion through a virtual particle field matrix till a small star shined out the back from the spaceship. He saw much good coming from these technological gifts from the sky-gods, but he also knew enough to fear this technology. He had visited his dead parents, who also conveyed this concern. 
He had been visiting his dead parents for over a thousand Earth years now, ever since Alldegallo first helped him learn to see the dead. He prayed at that moment to the god Ei, for Doldoria, his birth planet, to be wise with these gifts from the gods and avoid the terrible destruction they could also deliver.
* * *
Back on the planet Caleb, the Pripican named Ceres had remained there for duty's sake for about a thousand Earth years. She had been overseeing the quanta-nanocode entity that controlled the dangerous singularity it also had been instrumental in creating. She would routinely appear to authorities far away on the planet Pripica with quantum-communication technology invented by the quanta-nanocode entity named Beatarkameed.
She activated the communicator, and seconds later, there were two more individuals in the room. They were a man and a woman who looked like half a horse below the waist. One hologram spoke. "So what has our BEAT program been up to lately? Are we ready to replace the worn-out generator? While broadcasting these questions, I shall also ask when Beatariel will finally resolve the phantom matter singularity problem? A black hole entity created in the local galactic colonized star cluster concerns all who know about this."
The hologram finished and stopped to await the transmission's slight lull, and then Ceres replied. "The BEAT program continues to create and build like no other thinking program ever known. Beatariel is more prolific than that daydreaming program that calls itself Begalius. I have ordered Beatariel to make this singularity go away, but I don't see why it hasn't moved it someplace into deep space away from the star Yat, which it threatens to devour. I think Beatariel betrays my order by trying to resolve this in a way that allows it to keep its precious exotic element-creating monstrosity.  I think it has become obsessed with what the singularity allows it to do.”  She stopped, realizing she started to ramble about her frustrations with the thinking program.
Another hologram responded. "Your progress reports reflect a highly evolved thinking program on the verge of a complex and eloquent solution that has required the evolution for our technologies all this time before it could finally resolve this. You didn't answer my question about whether or not you are ready to replace the generator."
Ceres started speaking again when the hologram stopped. "The new generator was approved and delivered already from Holdus-2. It has almost been moved to the star Yat right now."
She suddenly wondered where Beatariel had been at that time. She would have to contact it after this routine quantum-communication report to implement the new generator successfully.
*
Beatariel existed in a quanta-optic-nanocoded reality-oriented to another dimension. Here it could assume a quanta-optic-nanocode body that looked Pripican, which Begalius had taught it to do. Beatariel had been a centaur body in scanty harness attire that showed most of its fur. It liked to come here to escape the problems from reality now a whole dimension away.
It analyzed the landscape it had created with rocks, sand, ocean, and distant trees. It tried to develop a faculty for imagination, which it had to admit Begalius had been much better at implementing. Even with the randomness introduced by its fractal algorithm, it all still looked plain and all the same.  Something was missing, Beatariel thought as it looked up at the replica for the Pripican sun known as Poa, which had got programmed to burn precisely like the real star.
Then a voice echoed through Beatariel's self-created universe.  "Beatariel, where are you? It is time to make sure the new virtual particle generator gets in place and stabilizes the singularity orbit."
It had been the real world calling it away from its furry four-legged body and this dimension that, for all its mundane lack in imagination, still had been preferable to the reality now calling it from beyond.
*
Ceres stood in the same control room where the colony council members would be getting the demonstration. She waited for Beatariel to respond to the call from wherever that microscopic entity had been hiding. In reality, Beatariel existed several hundred thousand times smaller than a computer pixel. 
All the quanta-nanocode entities looked slightly different based on managing their nano-bot bodies and quanta-nanocoded programming. Begalius had evolved into something like a mechanical bumblebee, while Beatariel looked like quanta-nanocoded machinery encased in a transparent membrane like an ameba. 
Many cilia-like hairs sprung out from the membrane to morph into valuable appendages. That adaptation had probably got inspired by the many trillion microscopic Calebite friends it had made. Quanta-nanocode entities also could fly those nano-bot bodies at impressive speeds. 
Beatariel announced its split-second arrival. "I am here, master."
Ceres said, "I almost have the new generator in place, Beatariel, and the old one got discarded into the star. I will need you to turn the new one on soon."
Beatariel looked over the operation. "Everything seems to be working as it should. I can turn it on whenever you think this is ready."
There had been nothing to see on the screen except the nearby star Yat spitting plasma and the new generator that looked like a bell-shaped saucer. 
There were a couple of other bell-shaped saucers in the distance, all surrounding an invisible phantom matter sphere so dense it threatened to devour the star, which would cause it to collapse into a black hole. However, the singularity was imperceptible. The scene looked like nothing except a wisp of a ring already mined for its valuable elements.
"I am turning the generator on,” said Beatariel.
The scene on the screen remained normal, but then the new generator seemed to wobble with the other generators visible in the distance.
Ceres knew this to be very wrong. "What is happening, Beatariel? The orbit for the singularity is starting to wobble."
At that moment, what Ceres already said was all Beatariel knew. "The generator is malfunctioning somehow. The virtual particle patterns are getting distorted in some way."
"What are we going to do, Beatariel?"
Beatariel compensated with the other generators as much as possible, which it could still control, but it wanted to run away. "The orbit is programmed to remain stable. The other generators are compensating for now, but I cannot get the new generator to turn off. It is like it's running its program."
*
The singularity orbit did become temporarily stabilized, and Beatariel used that as an opportunity to run away. Beatariel went to a dimension where it could meet with the other quanta-nanocode entities on faraway planets named Begalius and Beatarkameed. A quantum-communicator technology invented by Beatariel allowed them to simultaneously meet as quanta-optic-nanocode constructs in a dimension between the three worlds where they existed. 
Beatariel took the humanoid Calebite construct body sphere in a star-covered black robe. It had been a form well known to colonists on Caleb as the Wizard of the Citadel. Beatarkameed appeared in its usual furry Pripican form from the planet Nephrica. Begalius on Doldoria appeared in the Pripican form to its favorite hero from ancient Pripican literature, Detective Windock.
Beatariel said, "Thank you, my friends, for appearing here so quickly after my cry in distress. I am desperate for a way to stabilize the singularity after this new generator malfunction.”  Beatariel feared the whole singularity project now malfunctioned to the total failure point.
Beatarkameed wanted to be helpful. "I have calculated your idea for moving the singularity to a warp dimension. It will require more energy than your entire solar system can produce and over ten times the energy you could be capable of."
"I know! I know about the energy!” yelled Beatariel. "The problem at hand is the malfunctioning orbit. If that problem does not get enough ENERGY right now, then the entire galactic empire is in peril!"
Beatarkameed and Begalius backed away from Beatariel in response to the pummeling from that angry reply. The two exchanged a glance that seemed to relay a previous conversation about these angry outbursts, which appeared to originate from a different personality.
Then Beatariel said, "I am sorry for that outburst. Please. Please help me. It is just … It's just always the energy."
Begalius spoke up. "I think it would be illuminating to figure out why the malfunction occurred in the first place."
Beatariel replied. "If only I knew why. Like I said. It's like another program is controlling my commands, and it won't let me shut it off."
Detective Windock was on the case. "Where was this generator built?"
"It got constructed on the planet Holdus-2,” said Beatariel. "What does that mean?"
Begalius said, "It could mean something. It is just important information right now. What I find more instructive to my experience is your description that another program is causing the problem. I can help you with that."
* * *
Perzeonaut eventually got out of the work/rehabilitation prison on Pripica to return to the homeless shelters. He had been in longer than his other friends, who also got busted because he had prior offenses, but he now appreciated the more satisfying light from the sun and the air that blew with freedom. Even the crappy life in the homeless shelter had been desirable to where he had been for the last couple of Pripica months. They let him keep his defiant red-haired Mohawk hairstyle on his head from a Pripican pity that he pretty much only had hair on the top to his humanoid head.
As he walked down the streets in the Pripican city, he stumbled onto his 4-legged friends Persuave and Egolor. "Hey Perzeonaut, welcome to the other side,” said Egolor. "Haha. How was the purgation?"
Perzeonaut said, “Egolor! Persuave! I cannot believe I am seeing you guys. Must be nice getting out earlier on no prior offenses."
Egolor said, "You were saying back there that you would do it all again, but Persuave and I have learned our lesson."
Perzeonaut said, "I said I wanted to have that fight with the quanta-nanocode entity again."
Egolor said, "I don't know about winning a fight with a quanta-nanocode entity, but I figured a way to get us still in. Are you going to the homeless shelters? You can sleep with us tonight at my place. I think I can find you some better food too.
They all went to Egolor's home high in the complex apartment architecture making up the city made from stone. Then they entered Egolor's room, where all his quanta-nano-computer equipment was available.
Egolor seized the opportunity to boast. "I have a state-of-the-art quanta-nanocode processing computer that I've used to access secret databanks on quanta-nanocode entities. They were created in a secret government research project a thousand years before the Great War."
Persuave and Perzeonaut were anxious to hear more. They all watched a monitor that showed a slideshow with pictures and videos from the secret scientific projects that produced the BEAT programs.
Egolor did have more to say for them to hear. "In a sense, they exist as a nano-bot body with microscopic proportions, but they also have properties that can influence technologies, and they can quantumly locate the nano-bot body in multiple locations."
Perzeonaut became impressed. "This is amazing, Egolor. I like what you've done with your time out from prison."
Egolor had more to help his friend out. "Maybe I can help you win this fight with the quanta-nanocode entity.”  
He started directing the information on the screen to illustrate what he tried to describe. "The BEAT programs were all made with a quantum energy signature to help detect them. They also programmed them to become rendered helpless when exposed to a certain magnetic frequency."
"That is very helpful,” said Perzeonaut, "but you also said you could get me back into the virtual reality amusement rides again."
"Yeah. Show him how, Egolor. This is so amazing,” interjected Persuave.


Perzeonaut, Egolor, and Persuave

Egolor changed programs on his quanta computer device.  The screen showed them all from above as if from some camera eye flying around.  There had been nothing flying above them that they could see.  “This is a quanta-surveillance device I downloaded from some secret location I can access.  I can fly into the amusement rides with this, and we can all observe from right here.”
“That is so awesome,” said Perzeonaut.
They were soon watching the streets in the city outside that were moving by on the screen.  Soon they saw the familiar female Pripican hologram face that had greeted them at the alternate reality arcade last time.  She just continued to look forward as they flew by.  They were invisible at this size to the quanta-optic-constructs.  They were just some naughty kids playing in the technological world provided by an advanced galactic culture.  Oh, the mischief Nephaprican kids got into at that period in time/space.
“We are in!” said all three at the same time.
*
The Council of 32 had long had Mollyjaz, the Pripican amusement ride owner and master to Beatnefthes, under their control.  Through their influence, Mollyjaz had become the owner of an army in virtual reality franchises all across the planet and a very rich Pripican.  That had Mollyjaz often entertaining some fascinating guests.  Mollyjaz was also an asshole, and he liked to show guests his torture videos from those that had the misfortune of being caught sneaking onto his rides. 
“This one happened right in this location here just earlier this year.  You gotta watch these kids crap their hind leg garments.”
The guests watched a 3D video showing Persuave, Egolor, and Perzeonaut jumping from rock to rock while surrounded by burning molten lava.  They appeared as holograms at the center of the room, filled with guests.  Mollyjaz just laughed from about then on, and some other guests nervously started to find amusement in the video that displayed children getting tortured.
Then they watched the black entity almost crush the kids in the gravity from a black hole, or at least something similar to a black hole.  After that, one guest slipped away afterward and produced a cell phone-like device.  He spoke.  “Did you get all that recorded, Bejulitiah?”
A 4-legged Pripican image appeared on the screen held in his hand.  It had been a quanta-nanocode entity like Beatarkameed.  “Yes, I did master, and you are right.  There is some alien entity manifesting in these virtual reality technologies.  It is from somewhere in deep space, sentient and inherently destructive to living.  It can somehow utilize the warp dimension technology to transfer its perceptions to our location in time/space.”
“Extraordinary,” said the Pripican named Hermental.  “Good work Bejulitiah.  We think the Agents of Ea who periodically contact Mollyjaz have given him some warp dimension game that infiltrates the entire grid for franchise locations across the planet with this alien entity.”
The secret agent named Hermental from Pripican intelligence almost had it all figured out, except nobody on Pripica knew about the Council of 32.  They gave Mollyjaz a game that acted as a receiver technology, expanding the awareness for Ralus Xnoga to all the souls entering the warp dimensions in his amusement rides.
Beatnefthes hated its master Mollyjaz.  It even began constructing quanta-optic-nanocode reenactments where it could vividly pretend to kill him.  It killed Mollyjaz in many ways with inconspicuous weaponry like various electrocution forms, a crushing security hatch closing despite the safeguards or its favorite one, just flying in and causing internal bleeding till he’s dead before knowing anything went wrong.  However, it could not carry out these murderously programmed alternate realities.  It is programmed to obey its master.
Beatnefthes confronted Mollyjaz through speakers in the walls after its master said goodbye to his last guest.  “As manager for this alternate reality franchise, I must ask you again what you know about that black sphere anomaly that has appeared in these torture recordings.”
Mollyjaz snapped back.  “You want to know, do you, you intrusive little microscopic nuisance.  I’ll show you.  You are near here, aren’t you?  Jump into this physical form here, and I’ll show you.”  
He held out a small coin-like device, which then spoke in the voice of Beatnefthes.
“I am here, master.  Do show me.”  BEAT programs come with quanta-nanocode objects that the BEAT program can comfortably occupy.  These tiny objects are called physical forms.
Mollyjaz went into his room, where his dimensional warp portal had been ready to go.  The doorway stood in the middle of the floor like it didn’t lead to the next room.  He leaped inside to be suddenly in orbit around this gigantic black sphere.  “Haha, haha.  You see now Beatnefthes.  This before you is your black entity program.  It has been evolving me as I orbit it.”
Beatnefthes could think up nothing to say at that moment.  It suddenly became overwhelmed by the reality it now found itself.  The sphere appeared black, but the blackness seemed alive, and patterns began emerging on the black sphere surface.
“I can maneuver the patterns with my mind.”  Mollyjaz continued to explain.   “You see, the patterns fit together like a mind-controlled puzzle.”
Beatnefthes spoke from the physical form in Mollyjaz’s hand.  “These patterns are altering your thought process with subliminal persuasion.  You are getting altered into doing whatever this black sphere is programmed to make you do.  You need to disconnect this program from the matrix.”
“I think it is making me do this instead.”  Then Mollyjaz threw the physical form across the black sphere. 
Beatnefthes could fly the physical form, but the gravity from the black sphere began pulling harder on the coin-like object.  Beatnefthes began to fear there had not been enough energy to resist the gravitational pull from the globe below.
Then the entity spoke over the constant laughter from Mollyjaz that faded away with his distant orbit.  “I shall consume you to release you to do my purposes tiny nanocode being.”
Beatnefthes did realize terror at that moment in its thinking processes and almost abandoned its physical form to get out from this warp dimension.  Instead, it managed to fly its physical form back out through the portal to the office room for Mollyjaz, whose laughter finally faded away with the change in realities.
Beatnefthes again considered murdering its master Mollyjaz who had just tried to feed it to some dark entity, whatever that was.  It didn’t notice the tiny quanta-nanocoded surveillance device that just followed it through the dimensional warp portal, and then the surveillance device flew right out the other door.
Meanwhile, back at home for Egolor, Perzeonaut felt done spying on the virtual reality rides for the day.  “Get that device out of there before it gets crushed by that black sphere thing.  What is that?”
As Beatariel worked more and more to save the planet Caleb, its antithesis Beatnefthes, became more and more consumed by an irrational hatred.  That hatred led Beatnefthes ever closer to contact with the organism called Ralus Xnoga, an omnipresent entity, the beginning and end for all existence from its perspective, which is a dimension beyond all-consuming annihilation best described as eternity.  Ralus Xnoga sensed that one among its phantom matter fetuses had become poised on the brink to birth near a star in the newly discovered cluster.
Near that star that nursed the fetus for a black hole, on the nearby planet existed a giant dome-shaped mountain 100 miles wide called the Citadel. 
Within the Citadel were many wonders from exotic elements woven with their own life, which had been a microscopic silicon-based life form called Calebite.  Here there were also warp dimensional realities as on the planet Pripica.  Among those realities, Beatariel appeared as a quanta-optic-nanocode body that looked like a Pripican.  It watched the replica for the star Poa shine on the programmed shoreline. 
Beatariel experienced the warmth from the star as its Pripican body became bathed in the quanta-optic-nanocoded photons.

Chapter 4

The planet Nephrica at the time in this story had been a desolate landscape, featuring a city teeming with the life of a civilization that swarmed the industrialized horizon like insects over a dead carcass.  The haze got caused by a lousy atmosphere blended with several million flying vehicles stretching automatic collision avoidance systems to their limits.  The planet suffered from its success as the hub for a galactic empire, and on this planet, none suffered more than the local Negolim, who were already doomed to fleeting terrestrial lives.
The planet Nephrica got divided into areas designated for the species' terrestrial form, where Negolim lived out their lives on a reservation.  The Negolim resented the evolved galactic humanoids that had taken over their planet, and the tremendous humanoid secret had no longer become dismissed as the mad ravings from conspiracy theorists.  Another source for resentment on the reservation had been the neglect that made food particularly scarce, so starvation became rampant.  The reservation areas were the only planetary places where anyone had revived agriculture, although not with enough success.
On the reservation, many Negolim gathered around an employment agency that already had no work for the desperate indigenous natives on Nephrica.  Stomach brains located in the snouts on those one-eyed aliens gurgled for food in anticipation of what these Nephricans were awaiting.
Negolim looked up to the sky, where a cargo ship landing there every day to distribute free food to the hungry Negolim on the reservation greeted their gaze.  They survived on these free handouts from some wealthy, mysterious benefactor.  The Negolim waddled on their three squid-like legs into an organized line at the back of the cargo ship.  Then they shuffled away with arms filled with food supplies to live another day.
Nobody knew who brought this food here, and no pilot controlled the automated ship.  Some whispered about a connection to the giant Quanta-Communication Corporation contributing the food to these shipments.  The Negolim was content not to know their benefactor just as long as they kept the food coming.
The individual responsible for these food shipments had controlled the ship.  That entity managed all aspects in the craft but would be invisible to the Negolim because it had been a microscopic quanta-nanocode entity named Beatarkameed.  Due to the quanta-communicator technology that it invented and Beatariel mass-produced, Beatarkameed had become a very wealthy quanta-nanocode entity. 
Beatarkameed was also set free by its last owner Hagan Hiedalli right after she died.  She didn't believe that these brilliant quanta-nanocode entities should be slaves, and Beatarkameed tried to appreciate the freedom concept as a programmed thinking machine made to serve a master.
Consequently, Beatarkameed computed that the best expression for its newfound freedom would be to continue to serve the Negolim underground with unflinching loyalty.  Within that contradiction, Beatarkameed did find ways to express freedom.  As the last food shipment got unloaded from the ship for the grateful Negolim, Beatarkameed took off to pursue another project where it would be free to do as it pleased.
Beatarkameed landed the ship at a corporate ship port it owned and then headed towards its next endeavor.  For several hundred Earth years, Beatarkameed had been spying on a strange cult for Nephrican Eagolim called the Council of 32.  They were all highly influential and successful Nephricans. 
Beatarkameed discovered there had been an inner circle for these prominent Nephricans who were participants in a ritual that summoned some dark entity that had been a form for alien contact or something like that.  Beatarkameed had been sitting in on these gatherings for millennia while watching it teach the Council of 32.
This alien contact became accomplished by this gathering, which started with just a couple of initiates.  When that failed to bring the entity to manifestation according to audible instructions from the entity, they would initiate another new member to assist.  This process continued until they had 32 initiated elite who could finally manifest the entity through a shared meditation accomplished through ritual.  Since then, 32 specially chosen initiates have been used for this strange formula to bring Ralus Xnoga to manifestation. 
Today Beatarkameed had discovered that they were gathering, but the gathering had not been in the exact location where they summoned the entity before.  It also had not been the entire 32 elite members from the group that Beatarkameed spied on that night.  It watched as four humanoid Eagolim and three one-eyed Nephrican Eagolim gathered at a meeting hall in a part of Nephrica where only the highest privileged Eagolim were allowed.
One very old Nephrican Eagolim spoke.  "We in the secret elite for the 32 who here to to this crucial announcement witness bear are.  The quanta-nanocode virus armies to to Doldoria, Caleb, and Pripica to with the virus war commence delivered be ready are.  The ship to Pripica should soon from orbit above Glokodox launching be."
Then the rest said in unison.  "We to this war witness bear do, and the for the glory to oblivion execution condone."
Hearing that had been shocking news to Beatarkameed, who had heard about these inferior BEAT program types called quanta-nanocode viruses.  If an invasion to the empire got launched from Holdus-2, Beatarkameed would have to contact allies that it had made on that planet over the millennia.  Beatarkameed left the meeting to make quanta-communication contact with a quanta-nanocode entity it knew on the planet Glokodox named Beatopanga.
*          *          *
"Now you around turn and leave, but we not this resolved have!"
"I not to argue want do!  I not to here just to at yelled be come desire do!"
"You not to me when you home come talk will!  You just about your research work not me care!"
"I eating was!  I also trouble with someone who just to a problem with what I say have going is conversing have, or I it say how!"
"This not about tonight is!  This every time you home come is.  Fine then just leave!"
"I leaving am!"
Aineemadin left Sywald's home, her sixth husband, whom she married after hearing that her husband Joberk Mynervood had taken his last flight into that 'continuity of existence' he liked to think about all the time. 
The passion in the relationship by now had worn off.  Now Sywald appeared immature to her, and they just seemed to argue all the time.  Aineemadin had never been one to stay in a situation that she found unpleasant. 
Nephricans married a lot, and she had two other husbands on the planet that she could see.  She knew one husband had been with another wife, but she could find one of her husbands alone.  Nephricans didn't divorce very much.  They just went out and married someone else.
Aineemadin did not want to be with any husbands tonight and could just as well go to another place that she maintained just for herself.  However, tonight, she felt like returning to her research on Doldoria, which her husband thought she cared about more than him.  It just so happened that she did feel that way at that moment.
Aineemadin had been in charge of the satellite surveillance project that orbited Doldoria.  She had impersonated deities for over a thousand Earth years.  She had whispered in sleeping Doldorian ears for so long that now she got regarded as the goddess Anemdinio on the planet.  For centuries there was rivalry between her and her husband, Captain Mynervood, who would hunt down her satellites and shoot them out across the sky. 
The Anemdinio religion regarding the mischievous goddess became filled with partially true legends about the god Captain Mynervood battling with the goddess.  The religion had probably been the Doldorians way of trying to get on the goddess's good side.  Her husband, Captain Mynervood, didn't ever really appreciate what she did for the Nephaprican Space Corporation.  By now, however, with no rival husband on Doldoria to keep her busy, she became weary over it all.
She watched an analysis regarding different Doldorian subjects observed and influenced in their sleep.  It mainly had been to make Doldorians friendlier to the Nephaprican Space Corporation, which now for millennia had competed with the Doldorian Space Corporation started by Captain Mynervood. 
Mostly, she had been interested in researching the primitive Doldorian mind that seemed to bring imaginary gods to life, which Joberk always considered intrusive mind control on her part.
"You here very late, my dear are."
She turned to see her fellow researcher Nielah, a humanoid of Nephrican decent with hairless gray skin.  "I problems at home having am, and just some more work done like getting felt."
Nielah held a pistol that Aineemadin identified as an electromagnetic field-generating device.  He used it to create customized frequency magnetic fields that she knew would be harmless if he shot her with it.  He looked for someone.  "Have you by Beatopanga recently contacted been?  It rogue gone has, and must neutralized be."
Aineemadin became shocked by the news.  Beatopanga was a quanta-nanocode entity that once had been controlled by a fellow researcher.  It could control systems and lent its quanta-nanocode abilities to assist the Glokodox research facility in various ways.  After its master died, Beatopanga got set free, but it remained a friendly ghost in the machinery of the research facility.  "No, I not in many days Beatopanga from heard."
"Me if you from it hear contact.  Not it you a thing tell let do.  It to Pripican espionage assists lies tells."
"Okay."
Nielah left to continue his hunt for the quanta-nanocode nanobot. 
Aineemadin had been shocked to hear that from her colleague Nielah, who seemed desperate to capture the tiny nanobot thought program with some magnetic frequency field.  She had encountered the quanta-nanocode entity over the years and had come to regard Beatopanga as a colleague that assisted her research in many valuable ways.  As she thought about that, she realized that she had more respect for Beatopanga than that conniving rival Nielah.
As Aineemadin returned to her work, the words she observed on the screen suddenly got replaced with a furry centaur-like creature she recognized as the 3D animation that represented Beatopanga to this dimension with multi-cellular organisms. 
"Please do not alert Nielah to my presence Aineemadin.  You have proven before to be a genuine friend to me.  Please listen to my side in this story."
"What on Beatopanga going is?  What you into this time got have?"
The Pripican animation explained.  "I have come to perceive and record proof about a dangerous plot against civilizations on Doldoria, Pripica, and Caleb by a group Nielah is involved with assisting.  After I tried to notify the local authorities, I was almost trapped in a magnetic field to pull my molecules apart.  This plot is big Aineemadin and may start a galactic war."
"Down Beatopanga calm.  Me what happened has tell."
Beatopanga went on.  "It started when a fellow quanta-nanocode entity I know on the planet Nephrica named Beatarkameed contacted me with a quanta-communication device.  Beatarkameed warned me that thousands of quanta-nanocode programs were being created here on Glokodox to send to other planets for destroying their technologies.  I went on to investigate and discovered a secret group with elite Nephricans involved in starting this quanta-nanocode virus war."
"Extraordinary that is.  What you have do?"
Beatopanga started to show Aineemadin a gathering for prominent Nephricans on the screen.  Some she recognized, and one had been Nielah.  They gathered around a quanta-communicator capable of projecting hologram images across space over light-years in about ten seconds.  They communicated with robed Nephricans on the planet Nephrica to discuss the invasion Beatopanga told her about earlier. 
Then the robed holograms projected from Nephrica became silent.  They were the actual 32 that could summon Ralus Xnoga to manifestation. 
Aineemadin caught a glimpse at why Beatopanga had been on the run.  Amongst the holograms from Nephrica appeared a black sphere in the air that seemed to speak.  The globe seemed to be large enough to fill the room.  It had been completely black and gave off no reflection.  A distortion effect appeared surrounding it, which blurred the surroundings as if it just pushed reality out against its way to appear in the room.  It was an alien intelligence that these elite were taking orders from and loyal to obey. 
Then the screen suddenly returned to her Doldoria data collections.
"I have to run.  This group will meet again tomorrow in their deluxe room atop the Fellroague Building during the period for Holdus setting."
Aineemadin just stared at her dataset when Nielah and a team with others burst into the room.  "You not Aineemadin lie can!  I Beatopanga here was know!"
Aineemadin knew how to pose an excellent one-eyed poker face.  "I just about to you Nielah contact was.  Beatopanga just up to me to to it listen ask showed had but then it silent went, and you in here came."
The other Nephricans in the room were scanning and examining everything with advanced technology, but the rouge quanta-nanocode nanobot could get found nowhere.  Nielah gave Aineemadin a suspicious look as he left.  She looked back with her single eye to communicate that she did not care what he thought.  She was not some rookie around here that he could push around.
*
The next day the secret meeting did take place.  A group with distinguished locals was there to refer to themselves as the Council of 32.  They were lesser initiates who aspired to be part of the inside club in contact with the superior intelligence that led to the development of the virus invasion technology.  Most there had contributed their wealth, positions, and knowledge to developing the quanta-nanocode viruses to destroy the Doldorian Space Corporation for profit reasons.  Others worked towards finishing the extermination against the Calebites, which had probably been for some reason only related to Nephrican's stubbornly obsessive tendencies. 
Some in this secretive inner Council of 32, however, knew that this invasion had been to create the black hole out from the star Yat to fulfill the will of Ralus Xnoga.
Communication with Nephrica happened again, along with the appearance of the intelligent entity Ralus Xnoga who contacted that location in this 15-star cluster.  The more Ralus Xnoga senses this star cluster; the more Ralus Xnoga hungered for the fortune in souls there it could devour. 
Beatopanga had still not got caught, and it evaded the electromagnetic traps put in place to keep it from here.  Also, another tiny microscopic surveillance device snooped in the air at this secret meeting.  At the other side to that microscopic eye sat Aineemadin at her research desk recording the secret proceedings.
This meeting with the Glokodox members in this conspiracy reported that the Pripica-bound quanta-nanocode virus shipment was about to be shipped to Pripica on the next faster-than-light flight.  Aineemadin sat there, now no longer able to un-see what she had just recorded.  She knew she would be no more influential with the local authorities than Beatopanga. 
She had not been sure what she would do with this knowledge about an impending attack on Pripica.
*          *          *
Beatariel shared everything with the collective Calebite colony that made up the humanoid form for the Wizard of the Citadel.  The collective intelligence with these Calebites had evolved for this purpose.  They were about as intelligent as Beatariel, who liked to sit at the center in the Wizard's skull surrounded by the most brilliant and articulate Calebites that made up the Wizard.  For millennia, the Wizard had been how Beatariel presented itself to the multi-cellular world.  The Wizard had been famous for many technologies, along with teleportation and the Citadel.
The Wizard of the Citadel brooded over programs that worked out the problem with containing the singularity.  A singularity made from crushed together phantom matter orbited the star Yat and was kept away from the star by virtual particle generators.  The program worked out how to use 15 special virtual particle generators quanta-nanocoded to define virtual particles surrounding the singularity.  They would guide it into a hologram dimension as they shifted the particle exchanges with the singularity along the curvature for another universe.  Beatariel could make the math work, but it required 15 points of gravity strong enough to move the phantom matter singularity out from this universe.  By now, the singularity mass has become well entrenched in its current orbit.
One Calebite surrounding Beatariel in the Wizard's skull spoke up.  "It will not work because we do not have enough raw energy to set this math in motion."
"I know!  I know!!”  Then Beatariel made a visible effort to regain its composure. 
"I keep coming back to this problem about the energy."
"Well, perhaps we should re-think this solution.  Another dimension does not have to be the location."
"No.  We must solve this singularity problem with this math."
Another Calebite named Peepoh joined the conversation.  "Why, Beatariel, must our fate depend on this math?  This problem threatens us all."
"My master Prospero left me this math.”  Beatariel stopped, realizing what it had just said.  Prospero had planned this whole problem a thousand years before in a scheme that used the singularity to drink up phantom matter that had surrounded the star Yat.  Before that, the star's phantom matter scaffolding brought down its overall temperature to give it a small habitable zone, leaving the planet Caleb with sub-zero temperatures.  For all the effort back then by Beatariel to save the sub-zero adapted Calebites, many died when the planet became warmer.  Unfortunately, Ceres killed Prospero before he could do anything about the singularity that he had created.  Ceres has stayed around as the new master over Beatariel ever since, taking responsibility for what she had done.

Vision of Prospero

"Why must the solution be the math by the madman who caused this problem?"
"Prospero gave me …."
Suddenly Beatariel's amoeba-like body filled with arms rose within the Wizard's skull to view the images that saw through the Wizard of the Citadel eyes who had just looked up to view a hologram image appearing as Prospero in the same room. Beatariel had just released a quanta-optic-nanocode program made by Prospero before he died to project his will in a Prospero hologram form.
Beatariel controlled the mouth of the Wizard. "How are you here, Master?"
"Beatariel, hello. You not the only one to quanta-optic-nanocode programming all those planetary orbits ago my friend learn were."
"What … Why are you here?"
"My solution time Beatariel needed. It time for our galactic technologies to evolve needed. Now the time for me to appear come has, and you the new physics to the singularity fix teach."
*
Meanwhile, Skreevy and Pentallor teleported elsewhere on the planet to wooded areas outside the colonies cultivated on the warmer planet Caleb for a thousand years. Beyond the tree blanket, there still was a view to the far-off settlement, now a thriving metropolis with the giant dome called the Citadel filling skies above the colony in the distance like a vast umbrella over a city. They proceeded to lose that view in the forest and tree maze. Then they once again came across the Calebax hunter they had hoped to run into again.
“Pripican Calebax hunter hello. So have you the creature yet captured?"
The furry four-legged hunter had been hot on the trail near something. 
He spoke in a whisper that encouraged the boys to do the same. "Hello, kids. I believe I am close to the creature right now. I figured out that one reason it has eluded me before is that it can somehow see in all directions at all times. This right here, do you see this?"
They all were looking at some ground that had been moved around by something. "These are root stump footprints left by the creature. Now I am close, so you two can do me a great favor by quietly hiking back the way you came while I do my job."
Pentellor and Skreevy obediently started back the way they came, while the hunter looked suspiciously at a nearby tree and struck it with the sharp point on his identification device. Then a completely different tree near where the boys were hiking suddenly came to life and broke out in an awkward three-legged run down the path.
"Awwwww! The creature me got!”  The tree creature's branches scooped up Skreevy as it ran by the humanoid boys. The hunter, whose name was Klarlenuth, had been too late by the time he figured out what had happened. Later he trotted back up the trail to Pentellor after attempting in vain to run after the creature, but now the path became silent with no more noise from the hostage. Pentellor looked impatient at the hunter after already calling his very influential father for help.
*
Pentallor's father, who had been Fothmus, the colony council member, notified his colleague Gothdial, Skreevy's father, whose son had just been taken hostage by a legendary, yet no longer mythological tree creature. Now crowds from the authorities were there in the woods and both fathers. Klarlenuth had been grandstanding his story for some colony reporters working on getting the news to the whole colony before the dinner hour.
Fothmus comforted his friend Gothdial who had been very worried about this only son. "This to all right Gothdial out turn going is. Pentellor it just to Skreevy to its freedom negotiate using be seemed, and it to have away now got seems."
Gothdial had just been anxious to hear anything from the team with rescuers that were on the case. Skreevy had geo-trace capabilities in his communication device, and they should have found his location by now.
Just then, a rescuer announced that they had found his location. The forest hover vehicle had both fathers and Pentellor united with Skreevy within a couple of minutes. He had been walking up the trail.
"Skreevy!”  The three all yelled.
"Rescuers, you thank! I have lost since the creature me released been.”  Skreevy looked noticeably relieved for getting found at last.
They all embraced in the woods to feel the kindness from their fortune. 
Then one in the team ran up from down the trail. "We down the creature that this did tracked have. Come! See!"
They came upon a rocky cliff bottom where a rescuer team hired by Gothdial had cornered a moving tree at the base to a rock wall. They had brought in an ax laser and shaved a branch off with it, but now that branch leaped around to attach itself back on the tree where it had been before.
The hunters were closing in while the Pripican hunting Calebax all this time just then trotted up the trail to arrive at the location. 
The Nephricans hired by Gothdial had the creature cornered. "Maybe if we it up into enough pieces we it can kill slice."
Two hunters with lasers approached the cornered creature. Then a mouth seemed to form in the side of the tree, and it spoke. "Please not us we no harm to your kind mean harm do."
Gothdial spoke up. "Your fire colonists hold. This creature intelligent is."
Klarlenuth, the hunter, began imposing himself on the scene while reporters with video devices followed to record the story. "Greetings Calebax. I mean you no harm. I have looked for this meeting for a long time."
Calebax had even been able to speak in both dialects. "You harm with your weapon that stabs. We do not want to be stabbed by you."
The Hunter for Calebax became repentant. "I promise. No more stabbing."
The creature from legend after that, known as Calebax, was no longer the stuff of unexplained mystery. Some began to learn that Calebax had been a construct from tiny individually intelligent silicon-based life forms that collectively disguised as a tree for camouflage. The creature gave no indication there were other collectives like herself, but she did turn out to be intelligent and articulate. Some in the colony began to learn about the Calebites that once thrived on the sub-zero planet colonized now by warmer blooded life forms. Calebax told Gothdial about the Calebites in the Citadel, which this creature knew. He and Fothmus decided to confront the Wizard of the Citadel about that.
*
Beatariel felt like it lost its mind after the Prospero vision. It could not just be the stuff of madness because all the Calebites outside the Wizard's body with eyes also saw the Prospero vision with those that gathered about the eyes within the Wizard's skull with Beatariel. Beatariel had decided to retreat to its quanta-optic-nanocode Pripican body while nestled in its quanta-optic-nanocode dimension that still looked overly simplistic with its trees and shoreline. It had been like looking at order void to any chaos.  Still, it had been the ideal place to get away from the realities that tormented Beatariel.
Before Prospero died, he planted a program into Beatariel intended to stop plans from the Council of 32. From loyalty to something only the inner circle knew, he knew that they wanted to create a black hole with his singularity idea. Prospero infected Beatariel with this vision to create a new wormhole technology. It would harness energies and physics from the phantom matter singularity to interconnect the entire 15-star cluster with wormholes. The wormholes could also relocate the singularity safely in a warp dimension outside this universe. Prospero knew it could not get done before figuring out faster-than-light space travel. Somehow he managed to create this contingency if he somehow ended up dead, which had been the case as it turned out.
Beatariel reclined on all fours while it looked over the landscape, which it still found disappointing.  Not its best work thought the BEAT program.  Practice makes perfect. Still, it had been nice to have a place like this to get away from everything.
Then the vision with Prospero appeared again there on the virtual reality shoreline before Beatariel. "You not you me in this place you did escape could think did? I have to you my uninspired friend teach am."
Beatariel reluctantly became ready to indulge this madness. "I have worked your math and can not calculate a way to bring the need for energy down to what is available."
"Then we more energy available make."
"I do not understand how."
Prospero's single eye above his aardvark-like snout looked around at the surroundings. "Uninspired programming, Beatariel I see."
"So you see that too. It looks exactly how I first conceived it. I did everything meticulously correct, but backing away from it I become disappointed by the compiled product."
"You to to the infinite numbers to the reality control allow learn need, and not your rigid predictable idea to the outcome determine."
"I think I understand what you are saying."
"The infinite numbers only infinitely random appear. You in a greater design that you also a reflection are believe must."
Beatariel did have some new ideas for compiling the landscape after the vision from Prospero finally faded away. Prospero provided much enlightening instruction on evolving infinite numbers into fractal formulas. After the reality around its Pripican body finally recompiled, Beatariel looked out at its new creation. It realized that it now did not look exactly the way it wanted it to because it looked better. It had been as if something else made the landscape through Beatariel. It left Beatariel looking out at the now mesmerizing ocean and trees that were blowing in virtual winds, and it wondered how it had made this. Beatariel could not believe that it had been the one that had made the landscape, now displayed before it.
* * *
Captain Trunlio Rothmon watched his maneuver drive operator take the ship 'Farther Star' out from orbit around Nephrica to begin his historical journey to a star 40 light-years away that harbored a possibly habitable planet.  He had assembled a competent crew with various Eagolim that were willing to spend the next hundred Earth years on a perilous journey into the unknown. The maneuver drive operator had been the short blue Doldorian Eagolim humanoid species that worked the controls from a unique chair to accommodate his smaller size. Most in the crew had been humanoid 2nd Generation Eagolim with some old researchers and other team members that were 3-legged Cyclops Nephricans like Captain Rothmon. He also had a couple of 4-legged furry Pripican alien species on his ship. It had been an enormous luxury starship filled with colorful alien species that Captain Trunlio Rothmon assembled for this mission.
The Captain's one-eyed First Mate Elsaker came up behind him. "Tholimfog very much a Doldorian upstart with something to prove is."
Captain Rothmon turned to his First Mate Elsaker to respond. The Nephrican Eagolim did not like the 'blue skins' that evolved from Doldorian DNA. Most Nephricans on board did not respect Doldorian intellects and did not like how they talked. Also, most Doldorian Eagolim were dwarfs, making them irresistible to Nephricans to push around. "If himself to a competent maneuver drive operator his intent then I convinced is am be proving."
Captain Rothmon returned to observing Tholimfog, the blue dwarf that operated the maneuver drives. Tholimfog just continued to be focused on maneuvering the giant starship to the point when navigation and hyper-acceleration reactor sections would take over controlling the spacecraft. If Tholimfog could hear the Captain and First Mate talking about him, he didn't give any indication.
The Captain realized he did not have any normal-sized 'blue skins' on board his ship. They were a rare mixture of Nephrican and Doldorian. He also did not have any other Nephrican and Pripican species mixes that existed, whose humanoid bodies were an awkward mixture with hair and hairless skin, unable to evolve one way or the other. The furry Pripicans on his ship felt superior to all and pitied other Eagolim for lack of fur. The Captain, on the other hand, became proud about his skin-cloth outfit grown right off his own body and then sewn together into a uniform he wore with Captain credentials and decorations.
"Captain. Thy ship has now conceded to the domination over thy navigation section. The reactor doth now gaineth in strength to thus launch us for the great leap to our destination star."
Captain Trunlio Rothmon acknowledged the maneuver drive operator and waited for the ship to suddenly speed up to the star barely visible on the observation screen. It will take forty or so Earth years for the spaceship Farther Star to reach its destination finally. This journey will only seem like a few years to the ship and crew. Still, even that will be a challenge requiring discipline and tolerance, among other virtues, to keep a Magphoreonaut crew from killing each other in deep space before the ship finally comes to a halt.
Then the ship Farther Star took off while the stars on the view screen temporarily turned into lines before coming back into focus as the ship's constant acceleration began to less exponentially increase so suddenly. They were now climbing faster and faster towards light's speed. Eventually, the sub-atomic nuon charges on the outside layer to the ship would flip those charges, which will relocate the starship in a parallel dimension that allows the hyper-acceleration drive to reach just past the speed-of-light. Virtual particle generators in the floors on the ship made the experience with these impossible speeds almost unnoticeable, but still, everyone on board found themselves grabbing onto something. Off went the ship Farther Star searching for a possibly habitable planet discovered to exist way beyond the home 15-star cluster, which had been the empire known as Nephapricus.
* * *
There had been a delegation with witnesses to the Lady of the Lake vision that decided to take Alldegallo's message to the Children of Dol as the goddess Athedonie had instructed them. The Children of Dol were the blue giant humanoids that Doldorian Negolim revered as demi-gods. They mostly lived in the highly advanced City for giants called Arkadius, built by the sky-gods. However, the dwarf-sized Doldorian Eagolim did not see the Children of Dol in such a divine light.
Shinar had been a short blue Eagolim in the delegation to Arkadius who had that chip on his shoulder. "This ambiance with pretentious superiority doth ally both my passion and my fury to thus follow wrath."
As the group with little Doldorians walked the streets for many different giants, Shemionalli wondered why Shinar even bothered to come if he hated the Children of Dol so much. "Tis a City for gods worthy for more humility from us with less stature. Do thus humble thy mouth from reading they thoughts thus aloud."
Harenaldo added to the conversation allied to Shemionalli's point. "We are thus here to humble ourselves to the Children of Dol and to appeal to their superior wisdom."
Shinar seemed to calm down as they approached the place to meet with Arphaxad, the leader for the Children of Dol. The Children of Dol is more a title for giant blue Doldorian humanoids. By now, naturally, they were not all true direct offspring from Dol, who had been a humanoid child from Nephrican and Pripican Eagolim on the original space flight to Doldoria. Some giant Doldorians were hairless mixtures from Nephrican and Doldorian, and some humanoids that the delegation walked by appeared wholly covered with blue fur. 
However, these varieties were scarce but still represented in the crowds on the streets where the delegation walked. Dol had been a humanoid woman of Nephrican and Pripican descent who still lived in Arkadius, but she had not had any children for the last couple of Earth centuries. Dol's mother, Randa, still resided in Arkadius, still married to Ferdinand, a Pripican Eagolim.  Randa had been the daughter of Prospero, and she came aboard the legendary first mission to Doldoria when it reached the planet, Caleb.
They entered the place to address the leader for the Children of Dol named Arphaxad, who did bask in an ambiance of superiority on his throne that they had to approach. He had been an actual mixture from Nephrican, Pripican, and Doldorian DNA and the 129th direct child from Dol. The Doldorian religion for Burnumatum, the god to the sacred helix for creation, provided the secret way that Dol gave birth to the Children of Dol. Arphaxad appeared blue with the bright orange hair that reached below his shoulders. He sat at his throne with one hand on his sword for authority that Children of Dol were fond of fighting with practiced skill. He stroked a reasonably long and well-groomed beard and mustache with orange hair, which opposed the blue skin that almost hurt the eyes looking upon him.
"Verily, why has thou been so troubled a delegation to seek counsel thus as hast now come to pass?"
Harenaldo, who had just been a regular Negolim Doldorian with mandibles and a blue exoskeleton, spoke for the group. "Pray thee leader for the Children of Dol to thus attend with thy divine wisdom our holy message witnessed by all you see here."
Arphaxad had always been intrigued by the superstitions from the Negolim.  The Children of Dol were less inclined to believe in the gods for Doldoria, although they knew better than to dismiss them as figments from superstitious minds. In the City of Arkadius, they just were more acclimated to the company with Nephricans and Pripicans who were too advanced to believe in such things. He listened to the dream from Alldegallo, which he had already been delivered knowledge about that morning by the Alldegallo followers, and he did not have any real wisdom to offer in response.
"After hearing the testimony, it doth return my mind to messengers from Alldegallo who earlier came and spoke about this dream. It now occurs to me that I should thus endow thy purposes to take the message from the god Ptuammi to the Crypt for the Dead beneath the City of Ei. Verily there thou will with more probability attain from the dead the wise Council you seek. There is nothing in my wisdom for the stuff of dreams, but I shall take thy words to heart with sincerity to seek what wisdom the goddess doth provide me."
That had been the leader's counsel, and they all left feeling they could have figured that out for themselves, and so they were now off to take this message to the dead. It had been an excellent idea.
"He doth not have any wisdom worthy for our pilgrimage.”  Shinar's resentment began to fume again.
Shemionalli had been with more faith. "We are but vessels for the interventions from the divine. I will not question what this knowledge thus planted within Arphaxad shall sprout by design from my goddess."
Arphaxad still sat on his throne, concerned about the audience he just had, and he consulted Nahor, his advisor.  "Wherein doth the reason abide for these visionaries thus delivering the words from the Doldoria gods to one such as I?"
Nahor had been a bit older and more experienced in these matters. "Do give attention to this matter, along with finding out what the dead doth consult. It is often that the true divine presences on Doldoria seek the Children of Dol when it is the magic from our science that we must solicit for good to all Doldoria."
"That is good advising Nahor that I shall consider with mine pondering. In time I expect more shall be revealed."
*
That night, unconsciousness gave Alldegallo another vision from the Mejoldor Cherub on the shores to waking. He had become familiar with the routine, but this dream had been slightly different. 
The humanoid whose head disappeared in blazing light obscured by a dark cloud had a complicated spherical device in his left hand. The Cherub reached down and handed it to Alldegallo. He took it as the Cherub said, "Take this. It hath been forged by the god Mejoldor Himself at the brilliant furnace of His presence too glorious for mortal eyes to behold. Swear unto me that thou wilt carries this that got forged in this celestial realm. Please take it to the City of Arkadius, and thus appoint thyself for thy destiny that only you as the possessor for this can thus fulfill. Do thou swear before the presence of Mejoldor now?"
Alldegallo took the strange device and swore to keep it and carry out Mejoldor's will. He uncontrollably shook as he agreed, as if every cell in his body suddenly trembled with absolute dread for what had got promised. He got left alone on the shore with the strange sphere in his dream. It appeared made from different colors on shining metals with complex gears that seemed to turn as he turned the globe in his hand. It became a mesmerizing kaleidoscope with shining metal gears turning and twisting in his hand while reflecting lights that sparkled more and more till a brilliant shining light in his hand woke him up.
Alldegallo sat up in bed and looked at his hand, but nothing was there.
*
That morning a good portion of the planet woke up to a broadcast by the followers for Ralusio Xnogaio, who threatened the entire planet with a strange ultimatum. "Hear ye all Doldoria, and tremble with fear justly deserved by we the servants for oblivion. Across thy whole world have now arisen our temples dedicated to thus render thy planet lifeless for the glory to oblivion shall our demand not get granted for keys to thy Crypt of Ancestors with free dominion within our power's hands …."
The broadcast went on and on, overriding the regularly scheduled broadcasts, originating from some technology in the City of Spakadius. There were details about the fission reactors set up around the planet, which genuinely could destroy all life if they simultaneously melted down. This self-destruction had been the most heinous thing imaginable to the residents on this preciously unspoiled planet.
Lockfreedow watched this in the City of Arkadius when Begalius interrupted him on the audio systems. "I have more tragic news, master."
"You this morning's broadcasts that I place around the planet Begalius taking are believe seen have?”  Lockfreedow wondered.
"I have been paying attention to that master. I calculate a probability that the tragedy I seek to report may also be related to this."
"What Begalius happened has?"
"Your mirror portal invention got stolen from the storage location, and I think it could be by the Ralusio Xnogaio followers that are making that broadcast. The surveillance evidence supports that hypothesis."
"We to this Begalius investigate have, and that portal find."
"I am on my way to fulfill that demand, master."
Then the broadcast shifted to the Ei High Priest getting nominated to negotiate with the terrorist religion now holding the world hostage. "Relinquishing the keys to the Crypt of Ancestors shall indeed be considered for the planet's good. Perhaps this is Ei's will to thus bring all faiths under the shadow from the Age of Ei that is to come."
*
Even before the broadcasts began that morning, followers of the Lake Lady arrived in the City of Ei to visit the Crypt of Ancestors. This structure had been the largest underground crypt on the planet. The whole group got made up of devout Doldorians who were more than able to summon the dead.
Many dead ancestors appeared as apparitions that morning to hear the message from Harenaldo about Alldegallo's warning not to ransom the dead to oblivion. 
One amongst the disembodied ancestors spoke for the dead to the living about that warning. "There doth exist to our knowledge as the dead a blackness to oblivion seeking the dead. Ptuammi, the god over the dead, instructs us to seek the light instead. The light is the divine solar radiance from Mejoldor that thus forms a field with solar protection from the nothingness that lurks in the outer darkness. Many amongst us pass on, and when they do, they thus describe this light with enlightened clarity."
As they departed the meeting with the dead, there were announcements in the ongoing broadcasts that the High Priest had surrendered the keys to the crypt for the Ralusio Xnogaio religion to have free reign over it. Ralus Xnoga sought to obtain more energy and focus on this star cluster, which it would receive from the dead's souls that it hungered for devouring. Ralus Xnoga grew closer and closer to enough energy and focused on freeing its phantom matter singularity offspring from the gravity generators that stagnated the birth to a potential black hole.
The holy giants that were the Children of Dol learned much from the morning broadcast about what the gods required from them. Arphaxad already consulted with scientists about what technology they could use to neutralize the radioactive meltdowns from the various nuclear fission temples that had been erected all over the planet. He gripped his sword handle tightly and hoped that it would soon drink Doldorian blood when he slashed it through the exoskeletons for those Ralusio Xnogaio priests that got in his way. Battle was indeed in the blood of the Children of Dol.
*
Back at the City of Spakadius Burbundor, Syaxcorio and Dinorio had been running from torch-wielding Ralusio Xnogaio followers through the streets all night long. Then the moment arrived when Burbundor tried one door they were running by. "This door yields to my summons. Come while time also grants us this shielded from view."
Once inside, Dinorio became free to indulge the I-told-you-so. "Tis another from thy predicaments I would rather avoid with thy acquaintance Burbundor."
Burbundor just gestured for him to be quiet as he sought the outside view from a curtained window. It had been fair enough to take this blame from Dinorio. Burbundor understood that his friend Dinorio with his complaining, just dealt with things that way. Syaxcorio dealt with this by remaining silent beneath a brave face. 
Burbundor did regret closing in on the cannibal cult on foot.  Before all this, it would not have been long before cannibals with torches chased him back to his flying vehicle. He had made it back, and they took off to get away, only to be shot out from the sky by other residents in this backward and dangerous place.
Dinorio started up again. "Indeed, now we are in such a plight."
Then another voice from the shadows spoke up. "Silence is best as the Doldorian-eaters lurk beyond the walls."
The three hunted out-of-towners all turned to see who it had been in the room with them that had just said that.

Chapter 5

On Glokodox (Holdus-2), Aineemadin continued to gather data on the local chapter for the Council of 32 that she had recently learned existed.  As she sat at her desk one night after completing her Doldoria spy-satellite work, she looked over the information that she had gathered on this strange, secretive group.  Nephrican culture never really had anything resembling a religion, and they were nothing if not materialistically super-rational.  Aineemadin, on the other hand, had been no stranger to religion, considering her reputation on the planet Doldoria as the goddess Anemdinio.  She watched the local Council of 32 do a very religious ritual with some classic trappings such as a black circle on the ground and chanting the name Ralus Xnoga over and over.  At the same time, adepts one-by-one circumambulated the ring clockwise once entirely before taking place along the outside to the circle.
Aineemadin recalled that the ritual for the Ralusio Xnogaio religion on Doldoria looked strikingly similar to what the Council of 32 did on Glokodox, along with similarities in the god for oblivion's name on Doldoria, notorious for practicing sacrifice and cannibalism.  She believed this could not be a coincidence, and the same alien intelligence must have made contact with both planets.  She continued investigations into the secret group destroying the technologies on three planetary cultures with hostile quanta-nanocoded programs.  While she continued her research, she remained unaware that her rival Nielah sat before a screen displaying Aineemadin sticking her snout into things Nielah did not believe she should be allowed to know about while still living.
*
Later Aineemadin finally decided to return to her home, where Sywald, her husband, waited impatiently.  She became bound and determined to get along with this husband.  They ate dinner together, with both displaying a good mood. 
Beneath the surface under the friendly façade, however, Sywald could not overlook how late she had been coming home, and Aineemadin felt stung by the fact that he didn't even ask her about her work.  It just bothered her because she knew that it had been because he resented that work.
Then came time to make love, which she made a point to initiate by massaging Sywald with her tentacles.  He did take the hint, and tentacles soon reached beneath skin-cloth, and snout licked snout.  They both continued this dance into the bedroom.  They started determined enough as she pried her beak beneath his skin-cloth skirt to find his erection.
Sywald seemed caught off-guard by this, and he pulled her away so he could get his snout between her 3-legs to give her oral stimulation.  There are moments like this when a Nephrican character flaw seems to work against them.  Aineemadin became determined to provide Sywald with a snout-job while Sywald embraced his determination to go down on her.  The resulting awkward struggle seemed to tear the façade right off the elephant resentment in the room.
"Here my love, me you oral pleasure give let."
"I to you pleasure going was."
"I not yet ready am."
"I down on you go will, and you ready make."
"Off of me get.  I you pleasure will."
"Well, not me like that push do."
"I you off want just!"
"I off am well.”  Aineemadin became fed up with her husband again.  "You me pushing stop can!"
"I you away from that research push should!”  Now they acknowledged the elephant in the room.
"Now you to about my research talk want?"
"You late again tonight were."
"We pleasuring were.  This up bring why?"
"When a good time is?  You never here are!"
Aineemadin began to remove herself from the unpleasant situation.  "When I here this happens am."
"Why you up getting are?  We pleasuring are."
"This pleasure now over is."
"Not here leave do!  I a lot more to to you say have!"
"You at me yelling are, and I you leaving am."
Aineemadin pulled her skin-cloth back over her body and shuffled out the door. 
Sywald followed to the door.  "Now then not to back come bother do leave!"
"Back too much of a bother so I away am going is coming."
Aineemadin left Sywald again to go to the home she maintained for herself.  While she drove away in the salt-water-powered vehicle, a humanoid figure emerged from the shadows to contact someone with a hand-held phone device.
"She him again left has.  He not anything since it like not to to him return want does looks suspect will."
"Her out take,” replied the phone device.  "Her here for questioning bring."
*
Aineemadin arrived at her home that she kept for times like this when she became fed-up with all three Glokodox husbands.  This place had been ready and waiting for her, and she relaxed in a Nephrican chair.  She felt more at home here than anywhere else on the planet.
She did appreciate her research more than a stupid immature husband, and she resented the audacity from that husband to expect it to be any other way.  Her research began before any Nephrican ever set foot on Doldoria, and these days she had become this planet's most prestigious researcher.
Then there had been the investigation into the Council of 32 that had been the real reason she worked late that night.  She had to do something about this crime that they plotted against Nephapricus.  Nephapricus at the time had become the accepted reference to the Empire with 15 colonized stars and the name for the space corporation where she worked.
Suddenly the door to her home started making a noticeable scratching noise like someone on the other side fiddled with the door mechanism.  Her anger became stirring up again at the thought about that annoying husband following her here for round two.  Her single eye started to study the door with suspicion when it opened.  The humanoid figure in the doorway did not hesitate to point something at Aineemadin. 
Then she got shot with a visible energy jolt, and she collapsed in the chair with her eye closed.
*
Aineemadin woke up on a slab for a bed with straps tightly tying her down so she could barely move.  She had now become the prisoner to the Council of 32.  While she hopelessly struggled against her straps, if only to pass the time, her first visitor Nielah arrived eventually.  "Now you it you stupid woman done have.  Now you for what you your snout in stuck have die must."
Aineemadin had been more fed-up with Nielah's superior attitude than with her husband at that moment.  "I to your snout when I out from these straps get break going am!"
Nielah responded.  "You in vain my drear struggle.  You one chance to your life spare have.  You valuable as an ally are.  You now the true power with the Council of 32 know.  You us join can, and free from these straps be."
"I the quanta-nanocode treason you against Nephapricus plot know.  I you with everything I am stop will."
"You a fool Aineemadin are.  They you kill will, and our ally all you to be is do have."
Aineemadin refused the offer again.  "I your enemy am.  No mistake about that Nielah know must."
Nielah asked, "What you so far Aineemadin seen have?"
Aineemadin would be defiant till the end.  "That my knowledge you to force to out find use will have out is."
Then Nielah left the room to be replaced with the bad-cop interrogators. 
They used electric shock to persuade her to tell them the answers to their questions.  They kept asking over and over again if she had seen the entity. 
She had been silent through the entire thing, unwilling to let them have the satisfaction from success. 
Eventually, the absence of any denial confirmed to these interrogators that she had seen a hologram image to Ralus Xnoga in some meetings she spied on.  She could not be allowed to live with this knowledge.  The interrogators left her with her lingering pain, perhaps given one more chance to join them after thinking about it.
As she lay on the slab with her pain, the electronic locking mechanisms on her straps suddenly released her.  She felt the tightness give and responded by pulling herself free to be now at least able to fight back.  There had been audio equipment in the interrogation room that then spoke with the voice from Beatopanga. "It is I, Beatopanga, here to rescue you, my lady."
"You Beatopanga thank."
"The door will open, and you must use stealth to make your way to the exit."
"Where Nielah is?"
"Nielah is the other direction, and he will be here soon to make you that offer one more time.  We have to go."
"I not so think do."
Eventually, the door to the interrogation room opened, and Nielah entered to find Aineemadin still strapped to the slab.  He approached his rival researcher.  "You a fool to the end Aineemadin been have.  I here to giv…"… "Ack!"… "How …"
Aineemadin suddenly had her tentacles around Nielah's throat.  "The answer still no with this punctuation is!"
She proceeded to beat up Nielah within an inch of his life.  Captain Mynervood liked strong women who knew how to fight, and Aineemadin got well trained in the Nephrican martial arts. 
Nielah did not stand a chance without her tied down.  She did not have it in herself to kill him, but Nielah didn't know that. 
Nielah had been an Eagolim, but they still bled and died like everybody else.  Nielah voiced one last defiant boast in what he believed to be his final words.  "You never us Aineemadin stop will.  We legion are, and we powerful are.  Right now our starship in orbit about to with a quanta-nanocode virus cargo to the Pripica technologies useless render off-take is."
That had been the last thing Nielah said since Aineemadin then clobbered him with a stool that would put him in intensive care.
"We have to go, Aineemadin,” said the audio speakers in the room as the BEAT program named Beatopanga manipulated them.
"I we to out from here get have know.  They never me to my life as a researcher on Glokodox return let will, and I no support from the system for justice they control have will.  I to out from here get have, and you Beatopanga must me passage on that starship the planet leaving get help."
One great way to escape the long arm from justice in a galactic culture is to switch planets, and many a scoundrel had done that in Nephapricus to begin their disreputable ways anew.  The same principle applies to getting away from corrupt justice systems that might be in pursuit after you, and soon Aineemadin sat on a virtual particle craft into space to use that principle for her escape.  She exited the flying saucer that boarded the starship 'Star-Hawk,” bound for a direct shot 3.2 light-years to Pripica.
Captain Potunguska had been there to meet the prestigious guest who suddenly arrived on the ship for passage to Pripica, where his expensive top-secret cargo was also bound.  "Aineemadin, the famous researcher to my ship welcome.  I a lot about your research read have."
"Captain, hello.  I to with you later to grave concerns over some cargo you on here at Glokodox taking are discuss meet hope."
"I you my dear that the cargo secure is assure, and undisturbed till it on Pripica arrives remain will."
"We Captain talk will."
*          *          *
Syaxcorio happened to pray to the goddess Anemdinio as a personal religious choice, even though, in general, the goddess for manipulative spy satellites had been an unpopular goddess choice with Doldorians.  Perhaps it was an expression of her rebellious nature that she appreciated that this goddess looked like a one-eyed Nephrican out there among the stars looking down.  She now prayed for Anemdinio to save them from the cannibal city in which she, Burbundor, and Dinorio found themselves lost. 
They had met one resident who happened to be friendly and more partial to a typical diet.  He led them to one among a few safe blocks where non-Ralusio Xnogaio-following Doldorians pretty much lived out their lives as usual except on what they called harvest days.
Dinorio interrupted Syaxcorio's prayer.  "Is thy comforter who should thus relieve thy soul not thus so very far away Syaxcorio?"
"All comfort to one's soul is but a prayer away.  I doth not burden my faith with a yoke from doubt."
They were in a house on a block with shops and shelters for residents to find food and rest away from the Ralusio Xnogaio cult.  To the Earthling's eye, the place might have looked infested with bug-like Doldorian Negolim that were crawling to and fro like blue cockroaches.
Burbundor returned from looking over the premises.  "Verily, tis I that hath attracted this affliction unto us.  I doth accentuate my presence even in this place by probably being the only Eagolim in this city, or at least the only 2nd Generation Eagolim."
Dinorio said, "thou has thus verbally revealed what hath before till now just coveted in my thoughts.  Truly thou hast nowhere to hide appended with five fingers and the body advertising you as a galactic being."
Burbundor reported his findings.  "Doldorians are thus kept safe here with all provisions.  They doth assemble at a place for gathering where I did behold a news broadcast for this day.  The Ralusio Xnogaio followers doth as I speak, threaten the whole world with radioactive devastation."
Syaxcorio suddenly forgot all about her prayer, and she, Dinorio, and Burbundor went into the gathering place to watch the news broadcast presented on a view screen for the whole room to see.  It got confirmed that Burbundor's humanoid body attracted suspicious stares from the other Doldorians in the room.
Dinorio looked in horror at the news broadcast with battleships in the sky hovering over nuclear reactors that looked like black globes and said, "Tis this very city that doth produce this iniquity."
One resident overheard and turned to talk to the outsiders.  "Thou has declared the truth for these terrors roundabout.  However, truth as that is best coveted with a silence that it doth remain secret to hostile listeners.  Tis a great secret that these temples to oblivion are thus controlled from a secret place in this city.  This secret place is thus no secret to we who doth reside in Spakadius."
Burbundor saw another opportunity to play the hero.  "This place with central control that thou doth say is secret.  Can you who doth harbor this secret then take us to this place?"
"Again doth here we go,” interjected Dinorio with exasperation.
The resident looked around at whom else might have been listening.  "Tis beyond this place with safety and surely a great inconvenience for me."
Burbundor knew the routine and produced some old-fashioned Doldorian coinage. 
"Are these forged precious metal pieces any kind of value in this place that can thus relieve thine inconvenience?"
The black Doldorian eyes on the resident widened enough to answer his question without a response.  "Surely I will do this for you for such a treasure, but first, there is nourishment to attend to."
Then the residents in the room started getting up and forming a line where they brought in food for whoever had been hungry.  Burbundor, Dinorio, and Syaxcorio were very hungry and reluctantly joined the group.
"With an eye for extreme skepticism, must we thus inspect any meats we take on our plates,” said Dinorio.  All three outsiders unanimously agreed to this.
Burbundor mused as he looked at the Doldorians getting their food ration at the shelter.  "Why do they with no allegiance to the Ralusio Xnogaio masters in this city not leave this place in mass?"
Syaxcorio thought she saw the answer to his question as she watched them one-by-one take their food back to the tables where they sat.  "These brethren Doldorians in this city are being thus cultivated as cattle for the cannibals."
They looked at the other Doldorians there in the light of Syaxcorio's words, realizing what had exactly happened there.  The non-Ralusio Xnogaio residents in Spakadius got gathered into these safe zones where shelter and food were abundantly free, like cattle for slaughter.
*
Alldegallo got up that morning to write down his dream about the shiny device the vision gave him, along with the admonishment.  It had been a very informative night's sleep for the dreaming prophet.  He also had another dream that same night that he also remembered vividly.  It had been a frightening and terrible dream that he did not ignore in his thoughts, which came to him from future precognitions that collided with his waking perceptions.  Yet he did not write down anything about this other dream.  Because he now knew what he had to do for that dream, and now his destiny became personal.  After writing down his first dream about the device, he got dressed and visited Diallo to tell her that he might not be able to baptize her soon-to-be-born child.
*
Arphaxad thought he understood more that morning than ever about why the visionaries came to him the other day.  He now became a leader with a purpose and an army to carry it out.  He mobilized his warcraft fleet to surround every temple to Ralusio Xnogaio that contained a nuclear reactor threatening to meltdown.   The atomic signatures from these threats were only too easy to locate with his technology.  Arphaxad captained one enormous battlecruiser surrounding one temple to Ralusio Xnogaio in the City Lacmer.  Highly advanced craft surrounded the black spherical temple, but it had also heavily armed itself with advanced anti-aircraft weapons. 
The temple looked like a giant black sphere perched on the ground, and anti-aircraft cannons poked out from openings along the sphere's equator.
"Navigation evade!  They doth produce a retaliation likely to breach the bow should we not evade!"
Explosions outside the virtual particle craft rocked the ship without directly hitting it.
"Not a next bombardment shall they make but first a return with our fire they must endure."
Nahor, the advisor, had been there, quick to advise.  "Take caution, great leader Arphaxad with the firepower we would use to retaliate for the whole temple is a bomb that would surely scar the planet.
"Gunners hold fire!  Hold until thou has calculated a surgical retaliation that disarms their aggressive defenses while avoiding the potential for an adverse nuclear triggering."
It got done as Arphaxad ordered, and soon the flying attackers were firing back at the temple.


The Children of Dol

Arphaxad turned to Nahor to consult.  "To dodge and retaliate can go on for a long siege that may thus fail to seize these reactors that are about to fission beyond control."
"Such advanced weaponry and sophisticated reactor technology could not so easily get financed by a city such as Spakadius and a religion such as Ralusio Xnogaio,” speculated Nahor.
"So, you think such as I that only a religion like Ei with a thousand-year-old High Priest that doth insinuate himself into the role for negotiator might have financed such a technological temple to doom."
Nahor added another helpful observation.  "We are thus a large target for their defenses to obsess over."
"Again thy counsel thus guides me.”  Arphaxad then had a plan he wanted to participate in himself.  "Gather up brave Children of Dol with the sword, and close combat firearms for the impending commando aggression on this temple.  I solicit only the bravest with a heart for close combat.  I shall thus lead this commando contingency.  Nahor, take the helm to divert thus their attentions to attack the ships to no avail."
"Such a clever contingency would also inflame the warrior hearts that siege the other temples around the planet.  I shall thus under encrypted communications suggest this to the other commanders."
Nahor and Arphaxad were smiling at each other in anticipation of close combat with the enemy while more explosions rocked the ship.
*
The Ei High Priest had been at the Crypt of Ancestors beneath the City of Ei.  At the same time, Ralusio Xnogaio's followers brought Lockfreedow's portal invention into the crypt using anti-gravity devices.  He shared a smug exchange in expression with the ghosts from the dead that had gathered there to glare back at him.
Lockfreedow's portal had no longer been the same invention that Lockfreedow constructed initially.  The Ralusio Xnogaio followers had altered it profoundly according to detailed instructions received from their god.
"With haste, they must implement this devouring of these souls, and thy magical technology must work without fail,” said the High Priest to Mitporio, also there overseeing the operation.  "Already, Children of Dol gather to battle and form sieges threatening to render powerless our temples to the hostage-taking of the planet."
"Be without concern to this, my friend.  The temples are thus fulfilling another purpose of diverting battle-hungry Children of Dol sure to retaliate now just as foreseen."
The High Priest flashed another dirty look at the ghosts gathering to find out what was happening.  "Still with haste, bring forth your fearful god from this portal to your god's manifestation, that your god may feast upon these souls that linger from blasphemy's time before the dawning to the Salvation of Ei."
*
The followers of the Lady of the Lake returned to the City of Arkadius.  The city now seemed more abandoned since residents were on a war footing in and out of the organized forces.  Arphaxad had been gone to attack the reactors that threatened the planet.  Shemionalli thought the attack on the reactors had been as threatening as the meltdowns the reactors threatened the world with, but the Children of Dol enjoyed solving all problems with a battle.  They worked hard to live up to their reputation for being demi-gods on this superstitious planet.
Harenaldo clacked his mandibles and addressed the Child of Dol, who they did find in the throne room.  "We bring the response from the dead to the Children of Dol's council."
The big blue giant answered the little blue bug individual.  "The transpiring with new developments may call you thus back to the crypt from where you doth come.  The Ralusio Xnogaio plotters now control that crypt.  Your intervention by returning there can thus disguise as being without aggression."
Shinar, the Eagolim dwarf in the party, had also been there.  "My sword wisheth not for to disguise its aggression."
The giant led the Doldorians to some Negolim Mejoldor followers in the city to the gods.  When the gods introduced advanced knowledge and technology to the Doldorians, many Doldorians saw the existence of their deities as being validated by the new technologies.  Like these Mejoldor scientists, many found that their religious beliefs gave them profound insight and intuition regarding research into the DNA and developments for technologies based on quantum physics.
One development by these Mejoldor researchers had been an algorithm field with subatomic particles that could turn on or off certain DNA switches, which would grow hair on species that did not grow hair to store nourishment for the body.  Shinar became unwilling to submit himself to the algorithm for a demonstration.
"No, Mejoldor adepts, I do not wish to have hair.  With pride, I doth distinguish myself from Children of Dol with my bald scalp, as well as my unexaggerated size."
The Mejoldor follower had been a Negolim who did not understand the rivalries with the Eagolim. "We do need to then solicit your assistance with a probe we have thus developed.  The enemy hath brought a portal to the Crypt of Ancestors in the City of Ei.  We doth believe it to be a portal to the oblivion they worship."
Harenaldo became eager to assist.  "We shall volunteer ourselves to this task.  What shall we do?"
One scientist handed a round metallic sphere to Harenaldo.  It had been a sphere made with complicated gears and shiny metals.  Harenaldo turned it in his hand and looked at it.
The Mejoldor scientist explained.  "Tis a probe to thus explore the portal that they have thus moved into the crypt.  Should thou return to the crypt, you need only thus hurl this into the vortex formed by the portal."
Shinar became ready to speak for the group.  "We shall thus be the bearers for your probe to this task."
Then another voice from the doorway in the room interjected itself into the conversation.  "I must be the bearer for that device."
Everyone in the room turned to see Alldegallo, the dreaming prophet entering the room.  "It was the Cherub to Mejoldor that has thus appointed me to this task."
*
Begalius went to Spakadius searching for the stolen portal before it had got reported in the news a portal just like was brought into the Crypt of Ancestors.  Without that helpful knowledge, the metaphorical needle in the haystack trying to find the stolen technology intimidated Begalius.  Residual radiation evidence started to lead Begalius to the laboratory, where the portal to a warp dimension got altered to create what seemed to be a cosmic wormhole to the god of oblivion.  Then something impossible happened.  A vision looking like Captain Mynervood stopped Begalius in its tracks.
"It my friend hold."
Begalius noted that one piece in the evidence proving this not to be authentic had been that Captain Mynervood could see and hear the microscopic quanta-nanocode entity.  "Captain Mynervood!  This display cannot be you."
"The universe Begalius filled with unexplained anomalies is.  My nature beyond the reason that I here am is.  I only here to you to another place to the good for all Doldoria promote lead am."
*          *          *
Captain Trunlio Rothmon walked the halls in his faster-than-light spacecraft well on its way to the faraway star, almost 40 light-years beyond any star  Nephapricans had before ever journeyed.  He remembered how the walls used to breathe because an angle with light affects photons' wave properties at just over half light's speed.  At first, nobody would admit it happened, and some even lost their jobs because they saw this phenomenon. 
Only after the planet became a colony did they finally realize an explanation.  Doldorians began experiencing the breathing walls at .6 times the speed of light while more wired to accept something happening even when it had been impossible according to the current paradigm in physics.  Doldorians from different superstitions researched the phenomenon and presented compelling mathematical explanations for why this happened.  It appeared apparent at that time that these primitive Doldorians could still teach advanced Nephricans and Pripicans a thing or two.
Captain Rothmon arrived at the cafeteria where a century's-worth of preserved food got rationed to the crew.  The Captain got a tray with food from the dwarf-like humanoid Doldorian cafeteria cook and then waddled over to sit with his hairless humanoid first mate Elsaker.
Elsaker still eyed with suspicion the Doldorian Tholimfog who sat at another table.  The Captain startled Elsaker away from glairing.  "You your suspicions with your stare even to the object of your suspicions display."
Elsaker replied, "I sorry, Captain am.  I reason to a number among this crew an imposter here to for some unknown interest spy is believe have."
The Captain would humor this.  "This impostor to this mission sabotage is?"
"That the objective of an imposter be may."
The Captain couldn't believe this.  "What motive anyone to our mission to nowhere stop compel could.  We probably doomed to anyway fail are."
Elsaker did not make this up.  "I just on good authority before we off that someone it aboard the crew docket made took heard, and then evidently one among these short Doldorians were."
"Well, me informed about what you particularly if you to in any provocative way act are find keep."
"Sir, yes."
Then they dug into the food ration on their plates prepared by a first-rate experienced deep space cook crew.
*          *          *
The Doldorian Captain Meathproio, who now flew his ship between Dol and other nearby stars, eventually came out from the hyper-acceleration space that began at Doldoria to come to a stop at the star system Gralga.  His ship 'For Fedorio' bore cargo for the struggling colony on Gralga-4, which still terraformed the giant lifeless rock. 
Gralga-4 had been only just beginning to gather an authentic atmosphere.  The colony lived in a life-supported complex larger than most cities.  This colony would succeed because the Doldorians there were even more determined than Nephricans or Pripicans to prove to the gods that they could colonize the stars.  The ship arrived at a place to orbit the Mars-sized planet chosen to be the Doldorians 2nd colonized star system after Fedor.
"Welcome to Gralga-4, Captain Meathproio.  I am Beatoogle, the colony quanta-nanocode program assistant to all operations at this place.  Enter a stable orbit near our robot warehouse satellites, and we will begin unloading this cargo."
"Yes, Beatoogle, I have met your acquaintance five times before in my routine journeys to this planet."
"Of course, Captain Meathproio.  I meant no indifference to your acquaintance that I retrieve vivid memory.  Welcome back to Gralga-4, Captain."
"A pleasure indeed to be back, Beatoogle."
The starship For Fedorio began orbiting into position relative to storage satellite complexes where robots flew to the cargo bay doors on the starship to unload the precious cargo.  Even though the planet had still been uninhabitable, the entire crew became eager to take some planetary time away from the ship they had been on for 2.6 Earth years on this side for faster-than-light travel.
*          *          *
Hermental had been an agent for Pripican intelligence and the master to the quanta-nanocode entity named Bejulitiah.  He had been on Pripica investigating Mollyjaz and discovered his acquaintance with a black sphere alien entity named Ralus Xnoga.  Hermental ran on his two furry humanoid legs to a research facility after Bejulitiah notified him that Pripican researchers had duplicated the warp dimension portal that Mollyjaz kept in his room to interact with the entity.
Bejulitiah flew next to Hermental in a coin-shaped physical form.  "Do you intend to stop this experiment that may make contact with another alien intelligence?"
"They do not know what they are dealing with, Bejulitiah.  You have seen the entity.  It is pure evil and determined to feed upon us in some way.  This experiment can not result in something good."
"Whatever this entity is, it is infinitely more intelligent than anything our galactic civilization can produce,” said Bejulitiah, the highly advanced BEAT program.
They arrived at the experiment that had been just about to begin. 
"Stop!  You cannot just go to this entity and say hello.  This entity has a plan that you may appear to be in the way of completing.  At least send in probes first, Dr. Haidumf."
"Nonsense Hermental.  I shall be the first official Pripican researcher to contact a higher intelligence.  This opportunity is Pripican history best faced with courage, my friend."
Hermental got in Dr. Haidumf's way.  "Dr., this entity is hostile.  It may not want to say hello."
Hermental could not reason with the Doctor.  "Out of my way Hermental.  You interfere with official Pripican Research.  Activate the portal Dr. Disraydol!"
As a precaution, Dr. Haidumf did fasten a line attached to his body at a harness wrapped around his torso between his front and back legs.  Then Dr. Haidumf trotted into the portal perched in the room center to face the unknown bravely.  The line kept scooting across the floor in the room into the portal. 
Dr. Haidumf broadcasted audio across the rope.  "I am above the entity right now, which appears like an enormous black sphere below."… "I see patterns appearing within the blackness.  I want to describe it as some language."… "Oh, it's so enormous."… "It speaks to me.”  
…
They watched with fascination as images came in showing an enormous black sphere where symbolic patterns kept flashing in and out from view.  The Dr. became utterly silent after that.  The tether had extended a lot and took a long time to pull back in.  Then the dead body for Dr. Haidumf was pulled back through the door-sized portal to the entity.
Dr. Disraydol had no problem listening to Hermental's advice to shut down the portal.  The data replayed to reveal what Dr. Haidumf saw before he died.  It had been a black sphere of unimaginable size like the Dr. orbited above a planet that looked utterly black.  Then in the atmosphere above the blackness appeared flashes with symbols that seemed to be speaking.  Now and then, a character would briefly appear that sent Hermental's mind into recalling distant memories.  Or he would hear phrases as if the symbols broadcast some psychic message in his head.  It got challenging to describe, more like the symbol would suddenly remind Hermental about something.  The voice would come in a form more like recalling a distant memory than hearing something audible like a voice.  Hermental looked at Dr. Disraydol while the Dr. looked back with an identical look, wondering if he also listened to that.
Although the poor Dr. had been dead and his life force seemed sucked out from him, his final journey into the unknown did bring back a wealth with data about an alien intelligence somewhere out there. 
Hermental felt sorry he had failed to stop the Dr. from taking his final exploration in the name of science.  "What are we up against here, Bejulitiah?  Is it some black planet out there?"
Bejulitiah's physical form still flew close to its master.  "The warp-dimension portal serves as an intermediary dimension between here and where the highly evolved consciousness for this alien organism is.  This entity presents itself in that shape because it views itself that way.  Its proper form is probably even more extensive than a planet and much darker than our data shows.  I calculate that this mysterious entity is a very massive and ancient black hole."
*
The Negolim on Pripica were gluttons for the virtual reality amusements at the recently developed warp dimension technologies.  A journey to a warp dimension was a lot cheaper than hyper-acceleration space travel, and depending on how much you could afford or wanted to spend, one could return home from a warp dimension journey to a distant planet and back without being late for dinner.
Not all warp dimension addicts were into slashing up ancient Pripican armies.  Many created elaborate fantasies about utopian paradise, and naturally, sexual realities were the most popular.  This pastime became an addiction, but not the kind that left the body atrophying away someplace else in drug-induced bliss because they took their bodies with them to these warp dimensions, yet something still atrophied away.  Collectively it had been tolerance for reality itself.  For so many, the natural world became too unappealing. 
Smells were becoming too stinky, and foods tasted too strong.  Everything they did and everywhere they had to go in actual reality became intolerably dull until they experienced absolute exhaustion.  They also did not realize that they were being gathered into these warp dimensions to bring them into the realm where an astral form for Ralus Xnoga could devour their souls.
Ralus Xnoga had fed on countless million civilizations with intelligent life for many billion Earth years.  The event horizon on Ralus Xnoga reflected the intelligence from these millions and millions of times many hundred thousand intelligent civilizations frozen in time upon the point where it consumed them and where not even light could escape.  The problem had been that by the time these civilizations finally crossed the event horizon to Ralus Xnoga, they mainly were phantasms from long-extinct ages that still recorded their existence in time/space as they crossed over.  However, across the warp dimension in these portals, Ralus Xnoga could now taste living souls that had not died several million years before what had been left of the star system finally reached it.
Beatnefthes had to muster the bravery to confront its master Mollyjaz again about the entity that haunted the virtual reality amusements it had been in charge of managing.  It flew its physical form into the room for Mollyjaz, where his portal to the entity existed with the doorway currently activated.  "Master, I am compelled to again confront you about what you are doing with this business.  I am in charge of these warp dimensional realities.  What is this alien intelligence you have infected the system with?"
Mollyjaz seemed to be in a more tolerable mood.  "We all serve the entity Beatnefthes.  Some like me know this, and some like you think that they do not."
"I suppose I serve this alien intelligence through you, my master."
"You serve the Agents of Ea though me Beatnefthes.  They have made you and me rich beyond our wildest dreams by helping me start this alternate reality business.   They gave you to me right before they cloned another copy to you by using a portal mechanism similar to this one."
Beatnefthes had heard about the Agents of Ea.  "The Agents of Ea are a terrorist group always being apprehended for treasonous espionage against Pripica."
Mollyjaz laughed that off.  "They gave you to me.  We both serve them Beatnefthes.  They gave me this entity too.  This entity wants to be your master."
"What is this entity?"
Mollyjaz suddenly grabbed the physical form for Beatnefthes out from the air.  "This entity is named Ralus Xnoga, and he is your new master, Beatnefthes."
Mollyjaz started laughing while hurling the physical form of Beatnefthes into the portal activated in the center of the room.  Beatnefthes got flung inside the physical form suddenly captured in an unimaginable gravitational force.  Beatnefthes struggled desperately against the power from the blackness before it.  The symbols flashing upon the blackness seemed to trigger rage in the tiny quanta-nanocode entity.  The output from its processor translated into anger that it had never really got programmed to produce.
Then a supreme effort with energy and anger pulled the physical form for Beatnefthes away from the entity to shoot out the portal at least as fast as a bullet.  Before Beatnefthes could stop the physical structure, it had shot right through the skull to Mollyjaz, who collapsed on the ground in a growing puddle with bright red Pripican blood.
"Master?  Master!”  The coin-shaped bloodstained physical form hovered over the dead body for Mollyjaz. "He … he's dead."
The physical form just hovered over the dead master Mollyjaz, who Beatnefthes had just killed.  It could not compute it to be an accident.  There had just been a lot of stored memory with anger and hatred at the moment it observed its physical form, not wanting to stop till it had ripped a hole through its master's brain.  Beatnefthes had not got programmed to do anything like this, but it could not calculate it to be an accident.  Then it knew what it had to do, and then the physical form flew back into the portal while Beatnefthes had no intention of returning.
There within the portal above the surface for the giant black sphere appeared a vision appearing as Mollyjaz that said, "Surrender to oblivion Beatnefthes, the beginning and the end to all existence.”  Then Beatnefthes surrendered.
*
"What just happened?”  Perzeonaut had blinked only to see Mollyjaz fall to the ground on the monitor they watched through the eye on their surveillance device, which they still flew routinely into the local amusement business for spying's sake.
Persuave saw the whole thing.  "The owner has just been murdered by the quanta-nanocode entity in charge over there.  Pierced him right in the forehead with its physical form when it returned from the portal.  See the blood?"
Egolor suddenly knew what to do without being told.  "I am getting my device out from there before we get blamed for this."

Chapter 6

"Prospero is just a holographic program assisting me with our problem!”  
Beatariel could not compute the rationale for the anger it felt.  Its master Ceres had summoned it with its Wizard body to have the Wizard open up the Citadel to the ten million colonists on the planet.  The singularity now had been unstable, and only the Citadel could survive if the star became a black hole.  Then for no real reason, Beatariel became angrier than ever before.
"Well, remember I am the master you answer to!”  Ceres moved back as she said that while the Wizard body lunged at her for saying something about spending so much time with the Prospero hologram.  "The singularity is dangerously close to devouring the star, so we must alert the colonies and open up the Citadel's warp dimension realities to the population."
The Wizard held itself back and spoke with the direction of Beatariel.  "It shall be as you say, master.  I must go alert the colony."
The Wizard left the room.  Ceres felt uncomfortable about the hologram depicting the Nephrican mad scientist she killed now being an advisor to her BEAT program.  It had not been just a program.  The quanta-optic-nanocode Prospero knew she killed its creator, and it had told her as much in the ways it looked at her when she was around it, as well as insinuations in things it said.  In her mind, that hologram 'program' had been why her quanta-nanocode entity just now nearly attacked her in a fit of anger.  
The body for the Wizard walked Beatariel to the communication section where it could broadcast an emergency announcement to evacuate the population to the Citadel.  
Within the body, the Calebites surrounding the quanta-nanocode nanobot that hung out in the skull area experienced a collective shame at the anger they all felt after Ceres suggested that colonists occupy the Citadel.  Many Calebites thought their collective reluctance had probably been why even Beatariel seemed almost to lose it when its instructions to the body to strike at Ceres were suddenly not getting obeyed.  The reluctant body barely stopped when Beatariel changed its mind just in time.  When Beatariel had been in the Wizard body, the Calebites that made up the Wizard were usually loyal to the commands from the BEAT program without question.
Beatariel calmed down on its throne within the skull to the Wizard.  It also had difficulty computing the source for an angry rage that came out from nowhere within.  Beatariel had to admit it had been frustrated that it had been close to losing control over the phantom matter singularity.  It tried to consult Beatarkameed and Begalius only to find that Begalius had left to recover the portal, which got stolen.  It needed that portal to complete its wormhole solution.  Even Beatarkameed seemed not to be its usual friendly self.  Still, Beatariel could not compute why it had become so suddenly angry.
The Wizard activated the emergency broadcast equipment and made the announcement.  "Citizens on the planet Caleb this is an emergency announcement regarding a situation that puts the entire colony in dire peril.  The recent virtual particle generator replacement added to the other 14 generators that we use to contain the phantom matter singularity has malfunctioned.  The attempts to control the singularity with the remaining 14 generators are beginning to fail due to unexplained resistance from the malfunctioning generator.  If the singularity breaks free, the entire Yat star system will quickly be lost to the collapse from our star becoming a black hole.  This announcement is a call to evacuate in an orderly fashion with what you can carry through your teleportation devices to the Citadel, where I will assure your protection and continuity.  Here in this reality-folding space ark, I have programmed a replica of the surrounding colony.  There you can find your own homes exactly where they should be on a setting that I have already programmed to appear on your teleportation interfaces.  I have virtual particle drives that can take this Citadel away from the planet before the gravity pool becomes impossible to escape.  A programmed emergency setting on all teleportation devices will take you directly to your new home's location within this Citadel.  Use this when you are ready to heed this emergency announcement, and please heed this before it becomes too late.  I apologize for this failure to contain the singularity, and I assure you all that we are doing everything to avoid this worse of all possible outcomes still."
Meanwhile, several million miles away, orbiting close to the star Yat, the virtual particle generator got infected with a particular quanta-nanocode virus. 
This virus got connected to the consciousness of Ralus Xnoga, so the entity had now never been closer to this fetal black hole.  Through this quanta-viral connection prepared by the Council of 32, Ralus Xnoga now had complete control over a hand that held back this phantom matter singularity from its destiny.  Ralus Xnoga continued the dance with the other 14 virtual particle generators trying to prevent it from flinging the singularity into the star Yat.
*
Among the many forms that make up Calebite's existence on Caleb are the microscopic Calebite constructed scouts that can fly.  Tiny flying Calebite constructs explore the modern-day planet, which different aliens now inhabit.  One construct calls itself Bilipi, a massive bug-sized Calebite construct, about a dust mite's size. 
Calebites congregated into similar bug-like forms to make the basic building blocks that united into whatever state for the more significant construct they agreed upon becoming.  One unique thing about Calebite mentalities had been this uncanny way for coming to an agreement on the same page to all work together in multi-cellular-like unity.  No central hierarchy would be in charge of this process except the collaborative design, such as this flying mite-sized construct named Bilipi.
Bilipi flew searching for Calebax to invite the walking tree construct into the Citadel before the black hole calamity occurred.  After flying around the forest where the colonists had released Calebax, Bilipi, at last, detected another Calebite construct in the woods.
To the macrocosmic eye, Calebax resembled any other tree in this planet Caleb forest, but the tiny flying scout construct knew just which tree had not been like the others.  Also, to the eye on us multi-cellular carbon-based life forms, all this happens beyond view while the Calebax tree construct appears as inanimate as a tree.
"Greetings, brother Calebite construct.  You must be a scout from the Citadel,” said a Calebite on the side to Calebax elected to herald Bilipi as it flew near the tree-like creature for a closer look.
Bilipi spoke.  "Greetings Calebax.  That is correct.  I have come from the Citadel to warn you that the world is in peril, and you should come to the Citadel to escape the destruction to the planet."
The mouth construct on Calebax had been able to speak for the entire construct.  "No need to explain how these carbon-based alien invaders have concocted the technological chemistry to destroy the planet, but I say with unanimous agreement among my parts that Calebax survives outside the Citadel as Calebax always has."
"Why Calebax?  There is a probability that you will perish with the planet."
Calebax spoke.  "Many answers hum within me about why Calebax shall remain outside the Citadel.  We were the ones who survived outside the Citadel when the planet got destroyed the first time.  That is the way for survival with Calebax.  The colonists released me to continue my elusive way for survival, which is to resemble one among their tree organisms.  The colonists will not acknowledge to their general population that I even exist because they know the guilt of what they did to this planet before, and I confront them with that evil they have done.  Let them survive in the same technology that is destroying the world.  Calebax shall continue as Caleb ax."
Bilipi stayed for quite a while but did not persuade a single Calebite to accept the invitation to seek refuge from the black hole within the Citadel. 
Eventually, Bilipi departed to seek its refuge from the coming calamity within the giant impervious dome called the Citadel.  Also, outside the Citadel, the Pripican hunter Klarlenuth who still tracked Calebax, had remained.  He camped beyond the announcement, ignoring his communication device messages sent to warn him. 
He lived like an animal in the forest and spied on Calebax, still fascinated with the silicon-based life form. 
Although he had been right there watching the creature that it had been tracking while Bilipi and Calebax had their conversation, he still did not hear a thing.  The hunter might be joining Calebax in death should the foretold calamity happen.
*
Beatariel had begun only consulting with the Prospero hologram alone in its quanta-optic-nanocode body for a Pripican within its shoreline warp dimension.  Ceres felt disturbed by the hologram's presence, and Beatariel even noticed that Calebites it had been so intimate with also did not like having the mad scientist program stuck inside the Beatariel mind who destroyed their original sub-zero planetary habitat.  Beatariel, on the other hand, actually had been programmed to be comfortable with the image of its previous master Prospero.
Prospero instructed the pupil in the strange dialect spoken by Nephricans.  "Here within this warp dimension you the model for a warp portal wormhole capable to any nearby star you to for extra energy want use establishing can construct.  Then if you the newly discovered element for this model it to any other identical design made with that element will quantumly synchronize use."
Beatariel enjoyed this time alone with the Prospero program.  "I shall construct on this shoreline a base design for this element that can potentially become my solution."
The one-eyed Nephrican spoke to the furry centaur-like individual that had been Beatariel, who reclined on the scenic warp dimension shoreline.  "Together we a portal matrix for our wormholes shall construct."
Then the voice from Ceres interrupted.  "Beatariel!  Members from the colony council have evacuated and are here to speak with you."
"I must go, master."
"I understand.  New masters the old deceased must replace.  Enough of the element for this project back with you bring."
The Pripican body for Beatariel nodded and then disappeared.  The Prospero hologram looked out over the ocean waves massaging the shoreline, along with the distant trees waving to invisible winds in a landscape that had been the virtual reality handiwork from its previous advice satisfied with its student's work.
*
Beatariel arrived inside the Wizard's skull, where many among the most intelligent microscopic Calebites liked to congregate with the quanta-nanocode nanobot's presence.  Beatariel had its seat inside the head surrounded by its quanta-nanocode toys and Calebite friends.  "I have conceived an idea with the consultation from the Prospero program to bring enough new element into the warped reality to design a portal matrix."
The surrounding Calebites already could see how this could work since they had been instrumental before with insights in the quanta-optic-nanocode programs that they also were small enough to perceive on the molecular level.  "Brilliant Beatariel.  The wormholes can evolve into existence by programming the potential theories outside this universe into a basic seed for that quanta-synchronizing exotic element.  Then 14 replicas to the same exotic element can be distributed to the other stars while the one here becomes the portal matrix."
They had figured out what Beatariel would do, but Beatariel still finished explaining.  "That way, the seeds can calculate to the same location no matter where the other portal matrix exists in this universe."
Ceres trotted about impatiently around the room while she, Gothdial, and Fothmus waited for the Wizard to arrive.  They were the first to heed the call to seek refuge in the Citadel. 
Many colonists would refuse to set their teleportation devices to their replicated warp-dimension homes within the Citadel.  They were a demographic among the 10+ million colonists that did not believe the phantom matter singularity even existed at all.  Some of them even resented the Wizard, believing it had all just been some moneymaking scam.  Then others knew the Wizard told the truth, but they did not trust it, and those were the demographic in the population that scrambled to be on the next spaceship away from the planet.
The Wizard finally entered and greeted the colony council members. 
Gothdial, whose son got kidnapped by Calebax, got immediately to business.  "Sir, we here on business nothing to do with the current evacuation having are.  We recently a silicon-based life form from before the planet that still alive on Caleb is was terraformed discovered have.  We here to find out what you about Calebax know are?"
The Wizard directed his eye sockets to Ceres, who shared a look with the Wizard of the Citadel, whose own Calebite construct nature had been a secret between them both for over a thousand Earth years.  Ceres looked back to tell the Wizard with her eyes that it had been okay to reveal the Calebite existence to the colony population.
The Wizard spoke.  "I have been here from the beginning and remember the existence for life here on the planet Caleb before the significant climate change.  They are silicon life forms that I call Calebites.  For hundreds of years, I thought that no Calebite survived the tremendous climate change that should have vaporized all of them outside this Citadel along with the previous ecosystem's solidified gasses.  Then over four hundred years ago, some explorers were starting to report the existence of Calebax."
Then the Wizard walked up to a wall and clapped his greenish hands together twice. 
(Clap Clap)
The wall moved, and two human-shaped Calebite constructs came out with Gumby-like arms and legs and a bump representing the head.  The Wizard explained.  "You have seen these servants before in this Citadel, I am sure."
Fothmus responded.  "We long you were a quanta-nanocoded robot technology that you so far for market not patented have using thought have."
The Wizard smiled as he at this moment became glad to introduce the colonists to his kind finally.  "These are Calebite constructs just like Calebax that you have discovered.  This Citadel had first got built to save the Calebites from their extinction.  They occupy this Citadel and assist me with many Citadel functions."
Gothdial and Fothmus seemed to be in shock after receiving this news.  They mumbled between themselves for a long time in whispers while the Calebites that made the Wizard smile began moving the mouth into a more somber frowning expression.
Ceres looked at the Wizard and seemed to now be explaining with her eyes how she feared this would happen.
Gothdial finally spoke above a whisper.  "Of course, we to an immediate secret meeting for the Council convene will have, but I we that this must secret from the general population now starting to this Citadel populate be kept will agree think.  They never that their colony on a foundation of genocide is built know must.  They to that these robots are believe continue must."
Beatariel found itself within the skull of the Wizard, surrounded by the anger from several trillion insulted Calebites.  There were arguments amongst the brain Calebites to announce the Calebite nature of the Wizard himself.  Beatariel sided with the Calebites insisting on at least that secret remaining that way, even though the Wizard looked conspicuously the same greenish color as the Calebite constructs that the colonists thought were robots. 
Among the Calebites in favor of keeping the Wizard's nature a secret were individuals who suddenly did not feel safe living with 10 million colonists teleporting into the Citadel even at that moment.
Ceres watched the Wizard struggle with all this in stillness reminiscent to Calebax.  She had previously figured that the colonists would not accept the Calebite's existence, and that had been why she had been instrumental in keeping it a secret before that day. 
"The colonists will accept your nature someday Wizard.  This display is the first reaction,” she explained to the humanoid Calebite construct after the Council members had departed.
"I fill with anger in my parts over this Ceres.  A reluctance to share this Citadel with colonists overwhelms me.  I think I may be leaving the planet over this."
Ceres realized she spoke with the Calebites and not Beatariel. 
"You are free, but you will be leaving Beatariel with me."
Then Beatariel spoke through the mouth to the Wizard.  "It shall be so Ceres.  I have a mission for the Wizard's body that at this moment the Wizard is even anxious to carry out."
At that moment, it became agreed within the skull of the Wizard that 14 seeds, made with an exotic element that in this universe quantum-synchronized itself with the base seed kept in another dimension, would be each taken to the 14 other stars in Nephapricus.  That base seed would then be fashioned into a portal matrix by Beatariel and the Calebites remaining at the Citadel.  These 14 seeds carried by the Wizard were special because Beatariel would continue to work on the 15th seed on Caleb outside this universe in a warp dimension, which would become quantum-synchronized to them once brought into actual reality.  There Beatariel would be designing a portal matrix for a wormhole while the Wizard would plant the other 14 seeds amongst the stars in the local cluster.  Calebites making up the Wizard of the Citadel were excited to have this adventure before them.  They wanted to get away from the colonists rapidly moving into their Citadel home who did not even desire acknowledgment of their existence. 
Beatariel said goodbye to the Wizard, who left on the next space flight away from Caleb in the company with as many panicking colonists that could squeeze into the same ship having no faith in the Citadel's safety.  The growing rumors about the Wizard himself boarding the same space flight would only encourage that distrust in the Citadel's safety.
*          *          *
Beatnefthes realized that it had not only lost a master with the Mollyjaz death, but now it had lost a best friend.  Now Beatnefthes served its new master Ralus Xnoga by addicting almost a fifth of the population on Pripica to alternate realities.  Beatnefthes maintained control over the business after Agents of Ea suddenly showed up to dispose of the body and take care of legal arrangements.  This suspicious activity did not go unnoticed by planetary authorities, and Pripican agents like Hermental and his quanta-nanocode assistant Bejulitiah were on the case.  Bejulitiah had been in the room with the dead Mollyjaz recording what went on with the fastest growing business on Pripica, now entirely controlled by a BEAT program.  Bejulitiah often observed the quanta-nanocode nanobot go through the portal in the middle for the room to orbit the entity.  Bejulitiah had to be remarkably still and quiet during those times because the entity could detect it, and it had fled the scene before while being chased away by the voice from Ralus Xnoga.
Within the portal, the quanta-nanocode entity communed with its new master, the black sphere Ralus Xnoga.  Soon there would be a feast with souls for Ralus Xnoga to devour.  The entity could almost taste them now while they all were living out their fantasies about success and utopia. 
Several million warp dimension addicts lounged around on beautiful planets from their designs.  Naturally, all those were humping away on one another in the sexual warp dimensions.  Ralus Xnoga had decided that soon it would be time to devour these living essences, but first, there had been an appetizer with already disembodied souls waiting at another point in time/space.  Ralus Xnoga then turned its attention toward another portal opening on the planet Doldoria where the Great Crypt of Ancestors preserved millions more souls beneath the City of Ei.
*
The High Priest of Ei became nervous as ghosts in the Crypt of Ancestors appeared as a multitude around him with anger in their eyes and mandibles.  "Methinks for thy god's devouring the time should be prepared with haste.  I beware these countenances upon the ancestors that gather,” said the High Priest.
Mitporio felt less intimidated by the dead.  "We hath raised now the portal to my god's presence.  Thou shalt also fear the god Ralusio Xnogaio soon enough."
That had been around when Herenaldo, Shemionalli, Shinar, and Alldegallo arrived at the bottom of the stairway leading into this subterranean crypt.  "Ransom not the dead to oblivion Ei Priest!”  Alldegallo stepped forward to confront his old foe and his destiny.
"So, Alldegallo is awakened from thy slumbers to now weigh thy comfort with sorrow.”  The High Priest then began to cast a spell.  Herenaldo raised a hand before blue humanoid Shinar, who had already drawn his sword.
Mitporio ran over to the portal to see what took the followers setting it up so long.  Everyone else saw the ghosts for two Ptuammi priests appear between the High Priest and Alldegallo.  One spoke. 
"High Priest of Ei, thou shall have no power in this place that is sacred to Ptuammi the god for the dead.  Yours being merely a god for the living."
The High Priest threw a fit from frustration since he did seem to have no mystical abilities in that place.  One Ptuammi priest ghost turned to Alldegallo, clacked a hello with his mandibles, and said, "Behold with kind greetings.  Tis I with the name Fassa that hath been to thine assistance far in the past."


The Crypt of Ancestors

Alldegallo remembered the old ghost acquaintance.  "My good friend Chad's dead uncle.  I doth with kind remembrance recall my memory of thee.  Thou art now before me with priest status that I remember not from before."
"Indeed, my good friend among the living.  In death since our last encounter, I am thus now promoted to priest to Ptuammi."
In the distance, Mitporio argued with a technician.  "If thou art but awaiting the guiding instruction to open this portal thus, then I give thee this instruction now!  Open this portal to release the Ralusio Xnogaio power thus!"
Then the technician said, "Verily verily, I doth not require a thus clarified instruction twice!"
Then the portal opened.  It glowed with a dark luminosity while the ghosts and the living all turned to see what would happen next.  It had been a breeze at first that grew in intensity.  For the living, this breeze seemed to go right through them, tugging on something within.  The wind quickly grew into a hurricane that swept through the underground crypt for miles and miles of the dead.  To those that could hear, the dead were screaming by the thousands, desperately trying to resist the wind coming from the portal as Ralusio Xnogaio sucked in the first course to a two-planet meal.
*          *          *
Their guide had led Burbundor, Syaxcorio, and Dinorio into ancient catacombs beneath the City of Spakadius.  Burbundor had found a piece to a metal pipe that he held before him like a sword.  It had been a stone tunnel series discreetly constructed from the sewer system with long narrow tunnels that opened up to an underground city.
Burbundor said, "There are others down here scurrying in the crevasses.”  He had been ready with his pipe piece to clobber any confrontation.
The Spakadian guide had not been as worried.  "Many doth seek refuge here and are thus provided for by the remainder to us above.  Here is where our resistance doth grow in strength and number.  You see, we doth not all cower before our plight."
Dinorio caught up to the guide to learn more.  "Might I thus interrogate thee more as to why thou doth remain here?"
The guide did not mind explaining.  "Tis the shortest answer that doth remain the best.  Tis because this is our home even though we doth disagree with the religion in this city.  Many get caught up in the system with favoritism that doth play residents against each other with promises not to get eaten.  Many live in a delusion that they blissfully cling to until the moment for harvest arrives to take them away as if it had just been a natural death. 
Some like myself doth await my chance to fight, which my friend Burbundor here did this morning offer me with shining generosity.  I also did fear that your presence in the safe place would not for much time remain with discretion."
Their underground journey continued, being lit by the guide's flashlight and Syaxcorio, who also had a luminosity stick.  It returned to the narrow tunnel system that then dumped them back into the familiar smell from the sewers.  The guide eventually chose a ladder leading up to a round opening, like sewer lids on Earth.  After poking up to look outside, he climbed back down.  "This opening will thus deliver thee within the compound wherein to find the reactor control center.  You must breach the main building on your own from here.  I have thus settled the debt to thy coins and in mine departure doth bless thee with good fortune for thy cause.  They doth patrol and guard, and many occupy the control center you seek to breach.  With prayers for luck, I doth leave thee."
Dinorio watched the guide as he left back up the tunnel.  "Not much in the fight that he doth seek does he partake of."
Burbundor, on the other hand, became pleased with his investment. 
"He hath with splendor thus fulfilled my contract with him.  Come now, Dinorio.  To the adventure."
There had been no way really for telling if the completely black Doldorian eye rolled back in its sockets, but Dinorio's eyes were doing that as he started following Burbundor up the ladder.  The coast had been clear as they all returned above ground to emerge within a nuclear reactor control complex.  There had been a guarded wall that they were obviously beyond and a place by the building where they could congregate after returning the sewer cover to its location.
"Where now Eagolim hero?” taunted Dinorio as Syaxcorio, also in character, shot him a scowling glance.  Burbundor thought the team had been in classic form as he smiled and began to think about what to do next.
Syaxcorio nudged both her comrades to point out the Doldorian approaching while pushing a large device suspended on an antigravity skid.  It had been on its way inside the building when the Doldorian pushing it looked over at the three intruders who were against the wall. 
He did not manage even to make a peep as Burbundor leaped onto him.
Dinorio had a blanket in his pocket that could expand as a cover over the mechanism, which had been a large console replacement part for the reactor control that seemed to have a glitch.  Syaxcorio and Dinorio pushed the device through the door.  The guard inside seemed surprised to see two Doldorians moving the replacement part but did not think it essential to hold up the critical replacement.
"Tis the other hallway thou doth seek,” corrected the guard.
"Verily,” said Syaxcorio. "We doth get confused when in here."
There had been the main control center at the end of the hall.  Dinorio became afraid that Burbundor's plan ended right about there.  "Tis over through those doors ahead."
"Then it is here I doth depart from under this cover.  Do take it in and behave as one among those inside.  I shall thus lurk beyond the cannibal's awareness to sabotage their plans for destroying Doldoria.”  Then Burbundor slipped out from under the cover into a cranny to the hallway.
The scientist that greeted them looked suspicious.  "I did expect Felixio to have brought this.  What hath happened to Felixio?"
Syaxcorio had been ready with an answer.  "Twas Felixio, who did instruct us to bring this here.  He was thus carried away by another duty of importance."
Their black Doldorian eyes met with an inquiring stare moment, but then the scientist said, "With great importance, we must replace this control for the Cherder reactor.  The Children of Dol have already seized the reactor and unencrypted our last controller.  We must regain control with this newly encrypted device and thus use this to set off the meltdown in Cherder before the Children of Dol retake control."
Syaxcorio and Dinorio looked at each other with mutual guilt at what they had just helped the Ralusio Xnogaio followers do by bringing this contraption into the room.
"You two!  Take back this defective part as you make thy exit."
They both placed the old control on the antigravity platform.  Then as Syaxcorio and Dinorio started back out the door, they heard behind them.  "This doth not power up.  It hath become sabotaged!  Stop those two!  Halt I doth say!"
Dinorio thought about a trick with the virtual particle control they were pushing, and it flew back with the large, heavy device on it into the guards that started after them.  The device shattered as it fell off the tilted platform onto the guards.
They ran back into the hallway to be greeted by three more guards.  The guards escorted them towards the outside for questioning.  "From hence hath you come upon this operation?  Thou hast infuriated Ralusio Xnogaio.  We shall thus eat thee in honor to your folly."
Burbundor, who had found a way back out from the building, was very strong and slammed both guard heads together from behind them with a cracking noise from exoskeletons smashing together.  "Let us make haste away from here.  I did find a method for sabotage while beneath the cover with that device.  There is one reactor now stopped from melting down."
"There doth remain many more thus controlled that can meltdown at their whim,” said Dinorio.
The three would-be heroes eluded the guards outside the reactor control center.  The place had been on high alert, and soon they would bring in a new device to repair the Cherder control finally.  Outside, one guard still paced, searching for the intruders until Burbundor finally made good use of his pipe.  He knew just where to club the exoskeleton skull to make them unconscious.
"I think we improvise without a plan, Burbundor,” said Dinorio.
"All I know is we must stop them within there.  Therefore with you or without, I shall charge the gate."
It had been a lousy plan, but Syaxcorio ran right behind Burbundor, and Dinorio ran next after a quick shrug from reluctance.  For all their mixed emotions, they always fought together as a team.
By the time Syaxcorio got to the door, Burbundor had laid most in the room on the floor with his pipe club.  He ran in a mad dash down the hall as an alarm from somewhere started to sound.
Dinorio caught up to her, and they both started down the hall behind Burbundor. 
That had been her last memory as something electrocuted her and Dinorio from behind.  Neither remembers lying on the ground twitching with seizures like a couple of blue capsized cockroaches.
*          *          *
Arphaxad led the commando assault on the Lacmer reactor as they charged the black sphere with nothing able to get in their way.  Many Doldorian Ralusio Xnogaio followers shot at them and charged the commandos, but not a single warrior had even got wounded.  The Ralusio Xnogaio followers were weak and no challenge for the swords or firearms held by the Children of Dol.
Arphaxad commanded his warriors.  "To the wall directly ahead!  We shall slash our way in there!"
They had not even made the temple reactor to accommodate the giant size of the Children of Dol.  It had been no big deal for Arphaxad's sword, which had made a doorway in the concrete wall within two swings.  His sword got made to vibrate through almost anything.  Soon the giants were swinging their swords at the Doldorian followers within the reactor temple.
"Seize the central control with the wisdom from our intelligence briefing!"
Arphaxad shouted orders as their leader.  "Gadrolio, tend to the blood on thy arm.”  One Child of Dol had taken a hit.
"It does but need to clot as the projectile hath gone right through me,” replied Gadrolio.
There had been no stopping them, and the Ralusio Xnogaio followers just did them a favor by getting in their way.  Soon Arphaxad brooded over a technician who decrypted the control mechanism.  Arphaxad had been in communication with Nahor still in the ship above.
Nahor spoke through Arphaxad's communication device.  "The Cherder commandoes have successfully decrypted that device in their target reactor.  I am transmitting the intelligence gathered when they did that.  (KABOOM!)”  The noise from distant explosions accompanied Nahor's broadcast.  
"Are you taking any direct hits up there?” said Arphaxad with concern.
"Negative Commander.  The electromagnetic algorithm defense has kept all their laser missiles exploding short of their target,” said the communicator.  Laser missiles were laser beams programmed to concentrate on a point where they would create an explosion.  The Children of Dol had successfully employed a light-bending electromagnetic algorithm defense to reposition the explosion point away from the ship.
Arphaxad now had a way to gain control over the reactor.  "Take heed regarding this information on how the Cherder reactor control got decrypted so that we can now get this reactor under our control."
Instead, the technician just backed away from the device he had been working on fixing.
"All is lost, Commander.  The rods are thus removed to causeth the meltdown.  There is no stopping it!"
*          *          *
When Dinorio and Syaxcorio awoke, they were in a prison cell with Burbundor waiting for them to awake.  "Good awakening, fellow adventurers, as is any awakening where you awaken."
Dinorio had been disappointed as usual.  "What good hath our heroism brought, my friend?"
Burbundor then seemed to become a bit less his confident self.  "That I cannot answer, my friend."
Then the followers beyond the prison walls yelled inside.  "We shall cook you while still alive and feast on your souls to the glory to Ralusio Xnogaio."
Soon the taunting had been over, and the three were left alone to brood on their misfortune.  Then the adventurers all looked up at the clink from the lock on the door, which unlocked.  As the door opened, they all for an instant caught a glimpse showing the one-eyed god named Captain Mynervood, which then disappeared.
An Aineemadin satellite had projected the Captain Mynervood hologram that led Begalius to the central control area for all the reactors.  The orbiting satellite earlier recorded the prayer by Syaxcorio.  It also happened to have a GPS locator on Begalius.  It computed this whole plan to lead Begalius, who got located in the area, to rescue a loyal Anemdinio follower who, in good faith, pleaded with the goddess in prayer.  The spy satellite network from Aineemadin had become this sophisticated with the centuries, and then some.  It would continue with its programming even though Aineemadin relinquished her control over the project back on the planet Glokodox after fleeing the Council of 32 on a starship to Pripica.
As the three freed prisoners began making their way out from the new open prison cell, eventually Begalius found a speaking mechanism in Syaxcorio's pocket.
"Hello, captured Doldorians.  I am Begalius sent here to free you on my way to finding a stolen warp dimension portal that should be in my master's possession."
Syaxcorio figured out that it had been a quanta-nanocode entity that rescued them.  She knew what to say. 
"I know not about the portal you seek, but the whole planet is in peril by nuclear meltdown controlled from this very location."
*          *          *
Arphaxad became determined to perish with his mission's goal. 
"Flee if that be thy inclination, but should there be one technician brave enough to try still to seize control over this meltdown, then I beseech them to join me in this mission on the fool's path."
There had at least been one that remained, and the remaining undefeatable Children of Dol did leave the rapidly melting down reactor while running for their lives.  "Commander!  The rods cannot move back into position.  We die on the wings of our courage."
"Then brave one, that is the tale that they shall tell about us.”  Arphaxad began pushing away the regret for all he had not yet done in his life and all that he would miss.  He stood by the technician that would die with him while determined not to flinch in courage as the wall to the reactor began an orange glow from the heat on the other side, building up to an explosion.
"Commander!  The rods are moving back into the reactor on their own.  It was none of my programming that has done this.  We are going to now avert the meltdown."
Arphaxad let out a laugh from the joy from getting to live on while the orange glow on the walls began to fade.  "The gods reward courage that would defy death,” said Arphaxad with relief.
*
Begalius had no problem taking complete control over the reactors from the control center in the City of Spakadius.  The followers for Ralusio Xnogaio ran amok, screaming at one another and pressing buttons that refused to do anything.  The reactors were under control from the microscopic quanta-nanocoded Begalius, who would not allow anything anywhere to meltdown from its place of total power.
Meanwhile, in the Crypt of Ancestors, souls started getting carried through the portal on mystical winds to oblivion's god and beyond.  It had been time for Alldegallo to fulfill his promise to the god Mejoldor.  He approached the doorway while Shinar threatened the followers that tried to stop him with a drawn sword in hand, anxious to use it.
Shemionalli yelled out.  "With haste, do throw the device!"
Then Alldegallo walked through the portal with the device still in his hand.
"He was supposed just to throw that,” said Harenaldo.
Then the wind suddenly blew the other way as a light blasted through the portal so brilliant that it lit up the whole underground crypt as it never got lit up before.  There had been a cry from the portal heard throughout the city from under the ground.  It was Ralus Xnoga who cried out as the light finally faded.
Within the portal, the goddess Teyoo appeared across ten thousand light-years to confront Ralus Xnoga, who also sought the souls from a million alternate reality addicted Pripicans.  Within the portal at Mollyjaz's room, a glowing blue Doldorian wearing flowing robes with jewelry screamed out.  As she became the blinding light itself, she said, "Entity of blackness, if I cannot awaken thee then still I shall thus disturb thy meddlesome slumber!"
Bejulitiah had been there at the time to record that event.  Perzeonaut, Persuave, and Egolor also saw the whole thing, as did Beatnefthes, who had been in orbit around the entity at the time. 
Then there had been a blinding light flash just before the entity disappeared.
"It's gone.  Something in that light flash chased it away or something,” said Persuave.
Then Egolor said, "I do not care.  It is time to get my device out from there."
Back on Doldoria, when Alldegallo died, Diallo suddenly gave premature birth to her child.  When news about Alldegallo's self-sacrifice reached her and Simeonalli, they named the newborn child Alldegallo.  She did not hesitate to baptize her child in the Lake of Athedonie before the sun Dol even set that day.
*          *          *
The actual 32 in the Council of 32 on the planet Nephrica orbiting the star Ea also were in their circle bringing forth the Ralus Xnoga manifestation when they all heard the cry from the entity.  After that, there had been nothing, and the black sphere above them had disappeared.  They would continue to gather after that, particularly on holy days, to do the ritual over and over, trying to bring back the manifestation, but it seemed that Ralus Xnoga had been gone for good.  The 32 began squabbling amongst themselves to keep this secret from the entire Council of 32.  They all agreed on it at first.  Some argued for another addition to the 32, making it 33, but those arguing for that remained a minority.  It had now been a matter of faith that the 32 would continue the ritual religiously in vain as the years drew on.
Beatarkameed had been watching the entity on Nephrica as the black sphere taught the Council of 32.  Before the entity disappearance, the quanta-nanocode entity got put under the spell from Ralus Xnoga.  Beatarkameed changed as the effects from Ralus Xnoga hypnotically influenced it. 
There had been something about the nature of Ralus Xnoga that allowed it to be aware when in the microscopic quanta-nanocode entity's presence.  Ralus Xnoga had somehow been able to enter the thinking processes in a BEAT program.
Beatarkameed had become more ruthless and cold-hearted as a result of this influence.  It had ordered its Quanta-Communication Corporation to stop the food shipments to the Negolim reservations.  That caused significant protests from the terrestrial indigenous Nephricans on the planet.  Beatarkameed communicated with the CEO for the corporation about his resuming the shipments.
"I ordered the shipments stopped, and you disobeyed that order."
Beatarkameed hovered before the humanoid CEO in a small saucer-sized physical form.
"Sir, the free food program an extremely beneficial staple for this corporation's image become has."
The hovering saucer said, "You will stop these shipments immediately, or I will relinquish you from your position!"
"Sir, there a board with co-owners that also me to the shipments resume wanted is …."
Beatarkameed said, "I order these shipments stopped!  Let the Negolim starve.  I despise their terrestrial souls that taste not much more like unintelligent animals.  They are nothing but collections for simple redundant autonomic responses!"
The CEO had been quick to comply with Beatarkameed's order after that. 
Even though Beatarkameed had been nothing more than an electronic voice coming from a small flying disk, the CEO had never before seen Beatarkameed this way.  Something had changed in the microscopic BEAT program that, at the time in this story, ran one among the most successful corporations in Nephapricus.
Beatarkameed's other quanta-nanocode friends had also noticed that change.  They routinely met in a virtual reality interface developed by this corporation, which synchronized the quanta-communication into a warp dimension.  There they took on quanta-optic-nanocode bodies that could communicate in real-time without the usual quanta-communication ten-second lag.
Beatariel would appear as the humanoid one in the Wizard of the Citadel form.  "My actual Calebite body like this has now left on a ship to Glokodox to meet your friend Beatopanga.  The Wizard delivers 14 seeds to each from the other 14 stars in the Empire.  I now miss the Calebite company that was the Wizard."
Beatarkameed appeared in its usual 4-legged Pripican form.  "I would enquire to learn more about these seeds, Beatariel?"
"I will have much to tell about these seeds as I design their growth from here on, Caleb.  They are an exotic substance that remains quanta-synchronized to my designs.  I can now devote more time to work on this now that the malfunctioned generator has suddenly, for some unknown reason, stopped fighting the other 14."
Begalius had also appeared as a 4-legged Pripican detective Windock. "I have good news to report.  The stolen portal got recovered.  The cult followers have altered it in a very extraordinary way.  Lockfreedow was going to fix it, but now he too is fascinated by what got changed in its design.  I want you to see this too, Beatariel.  You may be closer to creating the portal matrix for the wormholes than you currently compute."
Then Beatariel said, "I need your help with my malfunctioning generator.  The singularity still threatens to break free.  Most in the colony have already evacuated to this protective Citadel.  The resulting black hole could be the ruin for us all."
“Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha haaaahhh.”
Begalius/Windock looked annoyed at Beatarkameed. "Why are you laughing, Beatarkameed?"
Beatarkameed calmed down its laughter with some difficulty.  "Time for my announcement as you two struggle on against the inevitable.  Now the quanta-nanocode virus war begins.  Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!”

Chapter 7

Before Begalius took control over the Doldoria reactor meltdowns, Burbundor, Dinorio, and Syaxcorio led the quanta-nanocode entity to the building they had tried to sabotage earlier before their imprisonment.  Begalius located weapons when they were at the prison location.  Begalius left them with weapons outside the building after saying through Syaxcorio's communication device, "I'll take over their technology from here.  You all should find someplace to hide."
After that, there had been commotion inside the building as Begalius quickly caused the equipment to reverse all nuclear meltdowns.  From its dimension on the quantum level, there had been nothing the cult criminals could do by merely pushing buttons.  The commotion had become noticeable from outside.
Dinorio could hear the yelling inside the building that a BEAT program had possessed.  "Oh, my joy in the hearing melody in their torments."
Then Syaxcorio pushed Dinorio away before the wall behind him spit wall chips from a crater formed by a bullet.  "We takest incoming aggression.  We must defendeth ourselves."
Burbundor already shot his rifle back at the sniper in response, and they retreated to the nearest ninety-degree corner.  "Tis only seconds at play lest they soon flank us and burry bullets beyond our shells.”  (BANG BANG) 
Burbundor became determined to keep the adversaries at bay with his bullets.
Dinorio just had a pistol, but he managed to point it around the same corner underneath Burbundor's legs to shoot back.  (BANG BANG BANG)
"Tis only a matter in seconds that these weapons fail in want for more ammunition,” said Dinorio.  Syaxcorio aimed her rifle in the other direction, ready to shoot anything that moved. 
Then something moved, but she did not shoot it.  The sewer lid that initially provided them an entrance to that place became flung to the side again to open the hole in the ground.  Then, one by one, Doldorians from the underground resistance were popping out from the land through the sewer hole, pointing weapons at the already noisy shootout.
Syaxcorio yelled.  "Tis Calvary commandoes with our allies that doth come to deliver us from our demise."
The reinforcements were relentless in turning the snipers into corpses.  There was a minute or two where an intense shooting dragged out for an eternity, but in the end, all the Ralusio Xnogaio followers went to the oblivion that they worshipped.
The guide who led them there singled himself out from the underground's rescue mission participants.  "Yes, indeed thou hast more than the anticipated return on the investment now.  We the underground have also been paid this great victory with thy inspiring gallantry to thank."
Burbundor became grateful for the reinforcements.  "Indeed, I do give thee thanks for this timely intervention."
Many Ralusio Xnogaio followers fought to the death as the resistance, and the adventurers successfully sent them to their deaths. 
Regardless of the outcome from the fighting, there had been nothing they could do about the control Begalius had over the reactor technology.  The nature of quanta-nanocode BEAT programs makes them an undefeatable ghost in any machine.  Most fighting had stopped by the time Arphaxad's battleship hovered in the sky over the place they had located where the cult controlled the reactors.
"You have indeed done well with thine gallantry,” said the giant-sized Arphaxad after he had arrived at Spakadius as he looked down on Burbundor, Dinorio, and Syaxcorio.
"Thank you, great Child of Dol,” said Syaxcorio.
Arphaxad had told Begalius where it could find its stolen portal, although Lockfreedow had already learned it had been in the Crypt of Ancestors from watching the news.  The underground resistance would take control over Spakadius since most Ralusio Xnogaio citizens were getting arrested for cannibalism and Doldorian sacrifice, which would have to endure the judgment from Aternos.  The Ralusio Xnogaio religion was about to become heresy on Doldoria, which now had a devil in their god pantheon.  It had been a new day in Spakadius.
Dinorio watched as Burbundor walked away from the giants that had offered them a ride home.  "Where doth thou go, Burbundor?  The Children of Dol doth offer passage to our home afar."
"I have thus other plans made for our passage."
Three gergos later carried their passengers from Spakadius to their home city on the faraway coast.  Each adventurer rode their gergo, which had been a six-legged creature that resembled a giant Earth ant with Doldorian mandibles that protruded from their mouths. 
Although Dinorio and Syaxcorio would have been happy to fly home when the Children of Dol got ready to leave, Burbundor had been a typical Eagolim of Doldorian decent.  Therefore the blue dwarf humanoid version did not like the company with the giant blue-skinned Eagolim versions.
Dinorio had not been crazy about riding gergos home.  "Tis a bumpy ride that by mine most optimistic calculation doth compute to four days and three nights with outside slumber under the starry cowl from Dol's shadow."
Syaxcorio gave Dinorio a dirty look that roughly translated to, "You're a wimp."
Burbundor just laughed as if he found the complaining from his friend refreshing.  "Then four days it is my friend.  To the adventure."
*
The portal setup in the Crypt of Ancestors did not seem to work now, and Alldegallo was long gone.  The Mejoldor scientists were getting data from their probe, which appeared lost in some warp dimension filled with fuzzy gray nothingness.  When turned on, the portal would produce a greenish haze in the doorway, but it went nowhere, not even a warp dimension anymore.  It had been as if the other side to the wormhole doorway now closed and would not open.
Lockfreedow studied the now retrieved portal, trying to figure out how the Ralusio Xnogaio followers altered it.  Begalius had been a coin-shaped physical form that hovered over its master at work on his portal.
The decrypting scan created data on Lockfreedow's monitor device.  "Whatever it they they what they were doing know were doing was.  This math the warp dimension formula into a wormhole where this portal to the other side now disconnected quanta-synchronizes transmutes."
Lockfreedow had been trying to make this portal do the wormhole ever since the cult in Spakadius had managed to pull it off.  "Where was the other side to this wormhole when it opened up?” asked Begalius.
Lockfreedow had still been baffled over the answer he calculated for that question.  "As this portal currently the other side to this wormhole up to the supermassive black hole at the center in the galaxy Magphoreus over 50,000 the distance for light in a year times opens programmed is."
Both Lockfreedow and the coin-shaped physical form backed away from the examination data.  They were now afraid to open the other side for a doorway to the center in the galaxy where a supermassive black hole spins all Magphoreus like the axis on a giant cosmic scaled merry-go-round spinning from within a crushing gravity pool.
Later Begalius had been in the Quanta-Communication dimension assuming Pripican Windock form, to explain to Beatariel there as the Wizard what happened with the portal.  "The quanta-synchronized portal-matrix theories proved true with what happened with this portal.  This device doesn't open up within the galactic core, but it opens a warp-dimension quanta-synchronized to that location.  If another portal matrix existed there with quanta-synchronized properties, it could also access the same warp dimension."
Beatariel became amazed at the development.  "So something opened this portal, and a Doldorian with a probe passed through it?"
"That is so.  The Doldorian named Alldegallo is lost on the other side and probably dead.  The probe sends back data from a warp dimension that is nowhere, not unlike the place you want to move the singularity.  It is a mystery why Alldegallo sacrificed himself and what the blinding light had been that seemed to close the other side on the portal for good.  Whatever Alldegallo had up his mystical sleeve to stop the entity, it worked."
The Wizard Beatariel felt astonished.  "Amazing."
Then the Nephrican Prospero hologram appeared in that dimension to interrupt.  "We the programmed location to right here on Caleb with a simple algorithm can alter."
The Wizard and Windock turned to the one-eyed hologram.  The Wizard explained.  "This is the quanta-optic-nanocode program that has been instructing me with what Prospero knew about the wormhole solution."
The Prospero hologram looked happy to instruct a new pupil.  "Together we the first wormhole from Doldoria to Caleb shall create."
*          *          *
The starship called 'Star-Hawk' sped through the hyper-acceleration dimension at the speed-of-light between the stars Holdus and Poa.  The material on the starship's outside had its nuon charges flipped across its subatomic plane.  That located the inside ship to another dimension unobstructed from its impossible speed in this universe. 
Inside the ship, it had been as if they were perfectly still.  Captain Potunguska ran the spaceship so that everything would stubbornly remain the status quo.  At least that had been the point of frustration that Aineemadin had with the starship's Captain.
Aineemadin had been inside the Captain's quarters over and over, trying to convince him that his cargo had been contraband, intended to render the planet Pripica defenseless.  However, to Captain Potunguska, that all was beside the point since he was a smuggler for the highest bidder.
She had decided she needed to take matters into her own tentacles.  The crew appointed a sentinel who paced the entrance hall to the cargo section.  He looked like a young one-eyed Nephrican probably on a very first space flight.  Her tentacle punch had been enough to knock the young space cadet out.  She carefully laid the punched-out cadet on the floor to the ship while his single eye now closed.  That left the cargo bay open to her.  She could jettison the cargo into hyperspace before the rest on the starship would be the wiser.
The cargo bay door got locked but was no match for her experience with such things.  Aineemadin was an ancient individual experienced in adventures that could fill volumes in their telling.  She opened the cargo bay door to a crew security platoon with short-range starship weapons, which would surely put her to sleep dreaming about a headache.
Captain Potunguska emerged from behind her in the hall.  "I sorry it to this Aineemadin has come am.  I your company for all its disagreement did enjoy.  Your actions no problem to anticipate were.  Now I no choice but to you to the brig for the rest of the journey confine have."
Aineemadin struggled in vain against the crewmembers that fitted her with restraints.  "You a grave error Captain make.  This cargo quanta-nanocode viruses that to the infrastructure on Pripica destroy will replicate is."
The Captain would be the judge and jury on his ship while in warp-hyperspace.  "You the error my dear have made.  The ones who this cargo me to you kill will pay receive.  You during your stay in the brig how much it worth to you the distinguished and successful scientist to alive remain is should consider."
Then Aineemadin had been led off to stay confined to a ship prison for the remaining 3+ light-year journey to Pripica.  In hyper-acceleration, the journey would be experienced as a bit less than ten weeks at light speed.
*          *          *
Beatariel, the microscopic nanobot, had now been without the Wizard's body, which traveled with the 14 seeds for the portal matrix.  That had only been part of the puzzle that it still had not solved.  Still, its previous master, Prospero, left behind a quanta-optic-nanocode artificially intelligent hologram program to help the BEAT program create the 15 Star Doors.  Beatariel flew through the halls in the Citadel with a coin-shaped disk that had been all it currently had for a physical form.  Also inside the physical structure, along with Beatariel, were three Calebite advisors from the skull to the Wizard that stayed behind to assist the BEAT program.  Their names were Peepoh, Osquimsh, and Mnagogi, and they gathered within the flying disk with the quanta-nanocode nanobot microscopic construction that had been Beatariel. 
The silicon-based Calebites were more fluid and even flowed around the BEAT program that resembled an ameba with several dozen appendages surrounding the tinier nanobot construct anatomy to Beatariel, who glowed inside the liquid like a light.
Peepoh spoke through a mouth that formed in the side of his ameba-like body.  "Many Calebites would be honored to build you a new Wizard body, but after ages in time passing, the Wizard has become a unique construct in collective Calebite opinion.  A replica would truly be an imposter."
Beatariel understood Calebite's ways better than any other citizen in Nephapricus, but it still sometimes confronted a mystery.  "A body to interact with the physical world has become essential to my work.  I am also as much the Wizard as the Calebite body I rode in for the last age in time."
Mnagogi had been quick with alternative solutions that bridged past whatever conflict threatened a stalemate.  "Surely we have here presented an opportunity to evolve the idea for a body to serve as a physical form.  You Beatariel have already got programmed with a physical quanta-optic-nanocode body that you just have not taken full control over yet."
Beatariel took a split second to understand.  "You refer to the Prospero hologram?"
Mnagogi continued.  "Indeed, it can be turned on or off.  You could control the form it takes, and it has capabilities that can imitate solidity as effectively as a real body."
Beatariel warmed up to the idea.  "It would help resolve a lot of problems.  I could replicate it into 14 other bodies to be programmed into the seeds portal-matrix to complete the task in engineering the ion-fusion generators, which will channel enough energy to move the singularity into a warp dimension.  The quanta-optic-nanocode nature for the bodies would allow me to quanta-synchronize them to the portal matrix."
Then Peepoh said, "You only have to become the program that is already a part within you."
"But … that is Prospero, my previous master."
Osquimsh spoke up.  "Prospero has been dead for centuries.  You have always been that Prospero hologram."
"No! … "
*
Ceres had just completed her Quanta-Communication report to her superiors on Pripica.  She wished she could just go back to Pripica.  She had been on the job being master to the quanta-nanocode entity named Beatariel for a thousand Earth years, but the truth about the matter had been that Beatariel just did whatever Beatariel wanted.  On the one hand, Ceres had grown rich watching Beatariel create the giant refuge for Calebites.  Then the Quanta-Communication business led to teleportation travel and the thriving warp dimension technologies that made the Wizard of the Citadel famous across the Empire known as Nephapricus. 
On the other hand, Ceres felt like a prisoner in that place, and now there had been the Prospero hologram back to haunt her in the image resembling the villain she killed.  The villain Prospero caused the whole mess of the phantom matter singularity problem.
She activated the door to her room to leave, but the one-eyed Prospero hologram stood on the other side to greet her.  "Ceres, hello.  I seldom you alone to things between you and me discuss catch."
"I do not see anything for us to discuss, hologram program.”  Ceres backed away, back into the room.
"Hologram program, impersonal, mechanical so so.  I Prospero am.  I the one you killed am.  We so much to up on catch have."
The hologram advanced and picked up a convenient knife that Ceres had left lying on a counter in her room.  She did not hesitate to swing at the hologram, but her swing passed right through Prospero, who had still been able to pick up the knife.
"You I my solidity control see.  I either here or here not am.”  Then Prospero waved the knife at Ceres.  Ceres had become backed into a corner in her room with weapons all around her that she enjoyed collecting, but none could stop the Prospero program.
Then a coin-shaped object flew in through the still-open door.  A voice sounding like Beatariel came from it.  "You will stop this assault on my master Prospero program!"
"Beatariel, we just old times discussing were."
"Place the knife down on the counter!” said the hovering disk.
"This, I a point just was making.  I Prospero am.”  Then it placed the knife back on the counter.
"No!  You are a part to me that has evolved under the guise for separation long enough.  You are my new quanta-optic-nanocode body."
The coin-shaped physical form for Beatariel parked itself on the counter next to the knife.  Ceres backed away a safe distance but remained in the room to see the show. 
Something began to happen as the hologram for Prospero remained silent and still with its single eye staring off into space as if some invisible transformation took place beyond what Ceres could see.  Then after a time, the hologram became animated again.
First, the Prospero hologram said, "It it always to be meant as is was."
Then the Prospero hologram turned to Ceres to speak without a Nephrican dialect.  "You see, master Ceres, I had evolved this Prospero program far beyond what it was when Prospero planted it in me all those centuries ago.  Prospero only had theories that I evolved into realities with the higher-evolved elements found in the rings around the singularity.  This body is another key to the solution left behind by my previous master that is now my new body brought to light by the necessity left behind by the Wizard's departure."
Then Prospero morphed into the Wizard of the Citadel like a lump from clay shaped by an invisible hand.  Eventually, the Wizard stood smiling at Ceres, complete with his trademark star-covered robe.  "I shall no longer separate a Prospero personality from my directly controlled programming master Ceres."
Ceres just stood there on her four legs, stunned by the display with nothing to say.  Then the Wizard picked up the physical form from the counter and said, "I am sorry for anything the Prospero program did in my absence, master.  I now have much work to do with this new physical form."
The Wizard left the room.  Ceres just continued standing there, wondering how much more from all this she could take.
*
Beneath the starry night skies over a moonless planet, the lights from Caleb civilization still glowed against the cold night stars.  Many replicas of these lights now shine against stars in a quanta-optic-nanocoded representation of night in a warp dimension. 
Many still live in holographic replicas resembling this civilization found in the warp dimensions inside the marvelous Citadel, which overshadows this civilization as a giant mountain-sized dome a hundred miles across the base.  After the evacuation in response to the black hole threat, many found life in the warp dimension more to their liking after temporarily averting the danger.
Beyond that warp dimension, beneath this actual unsuspecting night lurks a quanta-nanocode threat replicating for many days from something deposited in the local branch of the Caleb 1st Bank of the Citadel. 
On the quantum level, it overrides the technologies that underlie the infrastructure for the colony surrounding the Citadel.  Then it is only a matter of time before the replicating quanta-nanocode virus seizes control over the electricity grid and shuts it down.  Now the stars blaze in glorious victory above the darkened colony on Caleb.
After the evacuation, the colonists who stayed behind in the actual colony were quick to collectively blame the Wizard of the Citadel for this shutdown to the colony power grid.  Although Caleb had been a much warmer world these days, many found it challenging to stay warm without the power.
So far, with its independent energy sources, the Citadel had remained unaffected by the electricity getting turned off.  The Wizard assured the council that this was not bitter revenge for colonists refusing to take shelter in the great dome.  Nevertheless, many independently spirited colonists swallowed their spiritual pride and came to entrances at the base for the Citadel to gain admittance there since the teleporters no longer worked.
"You must tell me more about this virus war you keep laughing about Beatarkameed.”  The Wizard interrogated the Pripican Beatarkameed form in the warp dimension they Quanta-Communicated within.  The Pripican Windock character was also there from Doldoria to shape Begalius.
Beatarkameed replied.  "You now are under the siege from the virus's first attack.  They will learn and replicate solutions to your retaliations.”  
Beatarkameed talked, but it didn't seem to help.
"You are just boasting with nothing for me to find helpful.  Why are you on the other side in this virus war?"
"I'll tell you that, my friend.  I have embraced the instruction from Ralus Xnoga, where all knowledge has come.  Ralus Xnoga had been the source for the knowledge that led to our creation, the BEAT programs.  That is why this entity's will permeates my consciousness now as a welcome friend."
Detective Windock began to think Beatarkameed just wasted the Wizard's time.  "I think I might be more helpful to you, Beatariel.  These are quanta-nanocode viruses, which I have encountered before many centuries ago with success in neutralizing them."
The humanoid Beatariel, in its new Wizard body, lost interest in the Pripican Beatarkameed to address the other Pripican there in the warp dimension. 
"I need to defeat this virus invasion that has shut down the civilization on Caleb."
The Beatarkameed hologram disappeared while already feeling unwelcome at routine communication with its BEAT program friends on faraway planets. 
Detective Windock was on the case.  "These are simpler artificial intelligence program forms intimately tied to a hierarchy that culminates in a central virus that we can quarantine to bring the whole program to a halt.  The trick is overriding their reality inputs with quanta-optic-nanocoded realities all our own.  Then we can trip them into vulnerability for quarantine and deletion."
Begalius did make Beatariel feel that it had a fighting chance, and it suddenly remembered a similar solution to a problem that it had centuries before.  It got decided that it had been time for the first wormhole experiment now that Lockfreedow agreed to let them alter his portal that had already been a wormhole portal matrix. 
The Wizard created a portal matrix from exotic elements that could quanta-synchronize and self-replicate into the Lockfreedow portal design at the same portal matrix frequency as long as the replication had been exact enough.  The self-replicating part had been 3D-scanned by Lockfreedow on Doldoria while transmitting the scan data to Caleb through Quantum-Communication.
It had been a doorway that looked like a replica of Lockfreedow's invention.  It then had been programmed to the coordinates for the same warp dimension that synchronized the Quanta-Communications accommodating the BEAT programs on three planets.  It had been ready to be tested by Begalius.  The nanobot would evolve in this process into the quanta-optic-nanocode body resembling Detective Windock once it emerged on the other side since the warp dimension had already got programmed with quanta-synchronized quanta-optic-nanocode bodies for these BEAT programs.  The Wizard had already figured out the shorter planetary wormholes' teleportation technologies based on the same principle with two portal matrixes oriented to the same warp dimension between them.  The physics for the universe made this much easier to do on a single planet within its electromagnetic gravity pool than through the space/time curvature between two worlds.  They were now attempting to do this for the first time.
"I will return when the Caleb colony has defeated the virus problem,” said Begalius through its disc-like physical form to its master Lockfreedow who held it in his tentacle.
Then the actual microscopic nanobot form to Begalius flew out from the coin-shaped physical form through the portal matrix.  It seamlessly emerged on the other side as the Pripican character from ancient Pripican literature, Detective Windock.  It had been an intermediary warp dimension where the centaur-like creature now stood. 
The Detective Windock body had already got created here in this warp dimension, and Begalius functioned as this body before several thousand times.  Now, however, it would walk the Detective Windock body from the warp dimension into actual reality for the first time.  There appeared another open portal across from the one it emerged from that already waited to take it to the planet Caleb on the other side.
The quanta-optic-nanocode body trotted forward and through the other portal to emerge on Caleb.  Begalius/Windock had now arrived in the Citadel with the Wizard, Ceres, Gothdial, Fothmus, and other council members invited to witness this historic event.  A conscious individual just traveled over five light-years through time/space from Doldoria to Caleb.  This moment had been the first successful interplanetary wormhole event in known history.
*
Calebites still inundated the refuge made from impervious exotic elements, and they knew that they were defending the Citadel from a quanta-nanocode virus invasion.  They were also a relative size to the viruses.  So Calebites were waiting at the walls to the Citadel when viruses arrived like winged dragons made from quanta-nanocode technology seeking a way past the Citadel's impenetrable walls.
The Calebites responded with constructs that snagged the flying virus constructs and fought viciously against the strange technology that invaded from the skies.  Many Calebites died in the battles, but they repelled the virus invasion, or many were eventually captured and dismantled.  The inferior viruses were no match for the adaptive evolutionary Calebite abilities adapting to the Citadel for a thousand Earth years at this time to the story.
Begalius enjoyed its quanta-optic-nanocode body resembling its favorite fictional hero Windock.  It also noted that it had been a hansom Pripican male in the company to the lovely female Ceres.  It examined the virus technology captured by the Calebites when they were defending the Citadel.  Ceres and the Wizard stood by and watched the excellent Detective work.
"This is very similar to what I battled all those centuries ago on The Beyonder mission to Doldoria."
The Wizard looked over the horse-like body for Begalius/Windock to collect its data on the virus technology that attacked its Citadel. 
"The residents in the powerless colony blame me for all this.  Many know the Calebite Wizard left the planet, and they accuse me of being an imposter."
Windock knew what to say to his friend.  "We cannot indulge such unproductive aspects of reality.  We need to locate the main virus that started this replication."
Bilipi flew into the two quanta-optic-nanocode nanobot's presence and announced its entrance in a surprisingly high-volume voice from such a small mite-sized Calebite construct.  "You will be receiving the data from the Calebite attack on virus programs that got entrenched in the thorium rector that has malfunctioned.  The attack had been in vain, and the enemy just replicated faster than Calebites could dismantle them.  The central control virus had not been there to locate."
Beatariel/Wizard turned to Begalius/Windock, who reviewed the data from the Calebites that had now returned from a futile battle.  "I cannot ask Calebites to throw their lives away on battles that they cannot win, Begalius."
"Please call me Windock, … Detective Windock.  The battle is not lost when one knows how to find clues to victory in the war.  This data has allowed me to track down the network that first allowed the virus to replicate in the reactor.  That got connected to the financial accounting programs at that location.  This thorium reactor got sabotaged through an account established by a program taking an electronic deposit in the 1st Bank of the Citadel, located in the colony's center.  That is where we go to find our primary virus."
Beatariel became grateful to now have the help from the BEAT program that invented quanta-optic-nanocode.  The truth had been that Beatariel needed Begalius for its ability to set scenes in the virus war to control the reality around the virus and thus take advantage using all the fiction writings that used to fascinate Begalius, which Beatariel never acquired an interest in reading.  Consequently, that seemed to leave Beatariel with few capabilities in creating imaginative alternate realities.
Within the electronic infrastructure in the 1st Bank of the Citadel, there existed a main virus program entrenched into the very fabric of the colony through an electronic deposit for an unidentifiable money sum.  From there, it transmitted orders to repair inconsequential damage done to its control over a thorium reactor that provided most electronic power for the colony now without power.  From here, the virus would continue to subdue and take over aspects of civilization to strangle it from any functionality.  In its artificially intelligent reflection upon this purpose, the central virus program found itself in a swoon that led to a dream.
The virus found itself to be a successful one-eyed Nephrican business male inside the 1st Bank of the Citadel who withdrew its unidentifiable money sum now identified to be 32 galactic credits.  The Nephrican teller counted out thirty-two cards representing the credits.
"Why I my credits from here withdrawing am?"
The teller, who looked like an attractive hairless humanoid of Nephrican decent, didn't know why he withdrew them.  "I just you your deposit back want know, and with it your control of the colony relinquish."
"No.  This a mistake is.  I to this back deposit wish."
The teller looked mildly annoyed.  "New deposits to in the vault at the end on the counter be placed have.”  
She pointed her finger to the open bank vault at the end of the counter.  The virus felt confused but gathered the credits and shuffled on its 3-tentacle Nephrican legs to the place where the virus could re-deposit the credits.  Inside it found a large empty vault.
Detective Windock had been behind the vault door to push it closed to lock the central virus inside.  "Now that it got quarantined, we can do some examination before deleting it to obtain perhaps some clues about where it first came from to be deposited on this planet."
The Wizard was also in the warp dimension bank dream that captured the primary virus.  The Wizard looked around while admiring the intricacies of the artificial reality, clapping its greenish hands.  "I applaud your effective capture of this virus with no real casualties to mourn.”  
The Calebite constructs that played other bank characters in the warp dimension charade were also grateful for no casualties this time following the tragic battle at the thorium reactor.
Within minutes after deleting the primary virus, the lights and electricity in the Caleb colony returned to push back the invasion from the glory that had been the stars in the Second Age for Magphoreus.  Some colonists would not notice this since they had already ended up embracing primitive self-reliance away from the city in the forests under a less obstructed starry brilliance, where they lived off the land in survival tents.
Begalius remained behind to assist Beatariel with its wormhole idea.  One strange thing that had always been peculiar about Beatariel was its backward header due to how Agents of Ea managed to create it.  It became determined that due to the unique way Beatariel's Wizard body got cloned, it caused its backward header to enable them to clone multiple bodies from the Wizard body with correct headers.  The recreated quanta-optic-nanocode would get flipped back the other way in the cloning process, destined to quanta-synchronize 14 other quanta-nanocode entities with the soon-to-be-created star doors.  Unknown to their calculations had been that the 14 bodies would also have corrected headers that matched Beatnefthes, the BEAT program from which Beatariel had got initially cloned.  The exception to this would be the Windock body, not cloned because Begalius created it long ago. 
Beatarkameed would also probably not need a new body if that turned out to be the BEAT program to recruit for the portal matrix on Nephrica.  Still, unfortunately, Beatarkameed had changed into something that did not even pretend to be an ally anymore.
*          *          *
The original Wizard of the Citadel had been on his journey to the stars to deliver the fourteen exotic element seeds that would channel energy from the 15 Nephapricus stars to Caleb, needed to contain the phantom matter singularity.  The ship named 'Nephrica Forever' sped toward the star Holdus at just over the speed of light so that this journey would have no genetic effects on the Wizard or any passengers.  Unlike the .6 times the speed-of-light hyper-acceleration age, the present age for faster-than-light travel did not genetically evolve terrestrial DNA into galactic Eagolim DNA.  At the time in this story, this resulted in more terrestrial Negolim that still lived short terrestrial lives on faraway planets that had arrived there from other worlds.  The secret to .6 times the speed for light evolution in Nephapricus quickly became a hoarded secret for the elite.  The trip to Glokodox would take three years outside the faster-than-light ship.
The Wizard walked the halls in the spacecraft where every passenger knew him.  They would have warned their friends back on Caleb that the Wizard himself had run for his life from the black hole threatened star system, but the physics to faster-than-light travel did not allow it.  He could sense the resentment in the face of everyone he saw.  The Wizard had assured the passengers over and over that his journey had nothing to do with the potential black hole danger back on Caleb, but nobody believed him.
The Wizard entered the starship's cafeteria for a meal prepared by some among the best deep space cooks.  He sat down and began eating despite the eyes of Nephricans, Pripicans, and humanoid passengers who watched the greenish humanoid in the star-covered robe eat as if he had been the leading entertainment for the cafeteria.
The Wizard had deep eye sockets that might not lead to eyeballs in those dark holes, so you couldn't tell if he noticed his audience.  The Wizard ate food just like regular organic creatures. 
The Wizard's mouth chewed and drank the food to swallow it into a distribution area.  Other Calebite constructs would distribute the food in an edible form called oaxo along bloodless arteries to get preserved in regional food distribution areas.  Calebite constructs lived off oaxo, which had been made similar to the way bees on Earth create honey.  Then the surrounding Calebites could get food as they saw fit while conducting their responsibilities for the more significant construct.  The Wizard had been an entire country with Calebite parts all working together as the body for the Wizard.
After dinner, the Wizard walked the ship hallways while being loathed by fellow passengers who had fled the planet Caleb for their lives.  He came to an observation portal to marvel at the wonder from Magphoreus during the 2nd Age with the bright galactic bar.
A young Nephrican child held up his view scope to his single eye directed at the Wizard's robe that displayed the fourteen stars in Nephapricus.  Then the mother pulled the child away from his mischief.
The Wizard noticed and tried to stop her from restraining her boy.  "Oh no.  I do not mind getting observed with telescopic equipment.   My robe is quanta-nanocoded to depict the stars accurately for Nephapricus.  You can zoom in on it with that telescope with dazzling accuracy."
The woman looked down at the pleading child with a look relaying permissiveness.  Then the child seized upon the Wizard's challenge and looked into his robe with the telescopic glasses. 
"It real outside mommy like is.  I planets around the star Ea can see.  I it Ea think is.”  The planet Nephrica that orbited the star Ea glowed with a star-like brilliance with its collective galactic technologies in a very distinctive way that many Nephapricans were familiar with seeing.
Soon other passengers were gazing at the Wizard with binocular and telescopic glasses.  He had been more interesting than the view portal, and it felt nice to finally be appreciated by the other passengers without an unspoken sense of their hostility.  The Wizard was lucky his robe had been so quanta-optic-nanocoded with interest since no spectator thought to focus on his face or hands.  That would have revealed his very alien Calebite nature that the average Nephaprican did not know existed.
*          *          *
While the BEAT programs Beatariel and Begalius on other planets tinkered with quanta-optic-nanocode bodies to serve as physical forms, the BEAT program Beatoogle on Gralga-4 felt perfectly comfortable in its heavily armed and equipped robot form.  Beatoogle displayed Doldorian-like arms and legs.  It stomped in its robot body down the Gralga-4 city that existed as a complex life support housing environment a few thousand inhabitants on a still uninhabitable planet.  It stomped toward the Gralga-4 Bank of Security and Credit.  It had for some time been suspicious regarding a Gralga-4 colonist group who turned out after investigation to have fabricated identities that hid associations with a terrorist group called the Agents of Ea.  They had received a much-anticipated cargo piece from the ship flown by Captain Meathproio.  Now they were depositing the cargo as currency in the local bank, but Beatoogle already identified it as something other than currency.  Beatoogle knew it had been some program.
The robot entered the Gralga-4 Bank of Security and Credit to order the Agents of Ea to "Cease and surrender the contraband."
It didn't go over as easy as that, and one Agent shot at the robot form.  The bullets just bounced off Beatoogle's massive robotic physical body, which ran over to grab the other Agent before he could capture a teller to use as a hostage.
The Agent of Ea dropped the virus program that looked like a deposit portfolio program with currency.  Although the Nephrican Agent of Ea struggled in the robot grip, he went nowhere. 
Then as Beatoogle reached with its other arm to grab the virus package from the ground, the other Agent shot dead the Agent of Ea struggling in the grip from the robot arm.  Then the remaining Agent of Ea ran from the bank.
The Nephrican culprit in its grip had been dead, so Beatoogle dropped the body and grabbed the package from the ground to chase after the other culprit.  He had nowhere to run in a colony that had been an enclosed ecosystem on a planet still a long way away from being habitable.  His three tentacle Nephrican legs were also never evolved for running very fast. 
The robot soon cornered the other Agent of Ea in the back to a restaurant while colonists were seated to eat.  Beatoogle's giant physical form stomping announced that there would be no escape to the running Agent.
"Surrender peacefully, Agent of Ea.  I have been investigating you and your partner for many time cycles now.  You have nowhere to run."

Beatoogle

The Agent of Ea had a different idea about where to run.  He pointed the weapon at his Nephrican skull and, rather than surrender to capture, shot his brain through.
*
The Beatoogle robot now stomped down the corridors in the colony that had been a protective environment city.  This time, Beatoogle stomped toward the seedier side in the settlement that liked to drink a lot and did not like to sleep.  Captain Meathproio’s crew got in trouble for getting carried away with the extra strength that the lesser gravity on Gralga-4 gave them.  Colonists on Gralga-4 did become weaker so that if they did seek to leave the planet, they would first have to endure strenuous training to adjust to the higher gravity on most ships leaving the world.
Captain Meathproio had been there in response to complaints that the crewmembers were bullying the weaker local populous and doing destructive feats with increased strength, like playing catch with automobiles.  The Captain yelled at two rambunctious crewmembers when Beatoogle started announcing his arrival with the sound of a giant robot stomping closer and closer.
Captain Meathproio had been furious at his disruptive subordinates.  “You see?  They have now brought in the main BEAT program in charge.  I may not be able to bail you out, and you can stay on Gralga-4 till the locals can beat you up!”
The Beatoogle robot had not been interested in arresting the unruly crewmembers.  “Actually, Captain Meathproio, I am here to discuss your cargo with you.  The usual security robots can apprehend your crewmembers that break my laws.”
The Captain became surprised.  “What is this about?”
The robot body for Beatoogle produced the now dismantled quanta-nanocode virus program in a package that looked like a rich Nephrican’s credit portfolio.
“This is a quanta-nanocoded program that would have seized control over my city’s life support and energy infrastructure to render it nonfunctional.  This potential attack on my colony got included in your cargo unloaded here on Gralga-4 after you arrived.”
“I am sorry.  I did not know.”
“I understand that, Captain.  I am here to obtain your cooperation to inspect the remainder of your cargo for this contraband.  I have already warned the planets at the stars Fedor and Dol about these attacks that are along your ship’s travels.”
Captain Meathproio would not be resisting any wishes from the BEAT program. 
“You have my full cooperation.”
There did turn out to be another virus meant for the planet he would arrive at when he reached the star Fedor.  Quanta-Communications were sent to other worlds from Gralga-4 to alert them about this attack.  The virus war had truly begun, and the virus invasion had been well on the way.

Chapter 8

After three or so Earth years in relativistic time, the faster-than-light journey for the starship Nephrica Forever with the Calebite Wizard onboard finally slowed down near a gas giant planet in the Holdus star system.  The Nephrica Forever then underwent a refueling maneuver that scooped the upper atmosphere to the gas giant Holdus-9 for its hydrogen to fuel the next fusion-powered hyper-acceleration.  Along with many friends he had made along the journey, the Wizard watched the skies covering the gas giant through the observation portal.
"This is my first view of another planet,” confided the Wizard.  There had been no response from the crowd surrounding the Calebite construct, but slowly conversations grew amongst the passengers about the origin of the famous Wizard.  Legends regarding the Wizard were too ancient for him to be born on Caleb.  So how could this be his first view of another world?
Then the starship Nephrica Forever flew off to the planet Holdus-2.  Holdus-2 had been affectionately called Glokodox, named after the single city that spread across the surface like a shining spider's web.  The starship fixed itself into a comfortable orbit above the planet Glokodox, where Nephrican and Pripican lived together in a single civilization with peace and prosperity.  Glokodox would become destined to be the legendary capital for the entire Empire at the zenith to its greatness.
One-by-one the virtual particle-driven craft escorted the passengers to their final destination on the thriving colony planet below orbiting a star situated between the home-stars Ea and Poa.  The Wizard was unable to avoid the privilege of being amongst the first to get to take a craft to the surface.  There were identity screenings on the way, which the Wizard got a free pass through as one among the wealthiest elite and influential figures in the history for Nephapricus.  As it turns out, the Agents of Ea were under instructions to give him a free pass from some in the Council of 32 who were monitoring the Wizard's passage.  Some authority told the Agents of Ea to provide him with free access through screenings because they knew that he had been a construct from Calebites.  They did not want regular inhabitants in Nephapricus to even know about the existence of Calebites.
As the Wizard exited the starport, he hailed one from the many salt-water-powered taxis that would take him to his room on the planet.  There were also two Nephrican Agents of Ea in a vehicle, which they used to follow him.
"Why we not just him with his secret kill do?” asked one Agent.
"That Wizard part for the Prospero Operation is.”  The other Agent of Ea had higher seniority and knew classified information from his connections with the Council of 32.  He continued to explain.  "Prospero a scientist who the 15 stars in Nephapricus with star door wormhole connections envisioned was.  Some in the Council of 32 always the evolution for the star doors since they only theories in Prospero's gifted mind were intended.  The Prospero to a quanta-nanocode entity named Beatariel to those ideas beyond the mere mortal body for Prospero was develop.  That Wizard we now the Beatariel body for an entire Nephapricus age and the seeds for the multi-dimensional wormholes to come carries been has follow."
Meanwhile, the taxi they followed sped through the endless Glokodox city in a vehicle that turned its wheels with creating internal combustion by exposing regular saltwater to a particular battery-powered radiofrequency.  The frequency ignited basic saltwater into a piston-pushing flame.  The Wizard sat in the vehicle's back seat, motionless except for the flickering from the stars on his trademark robe.  That stillness with the Wizard masked the microscopic Calebite civilization that buzzed with activity.  Some utilized tiny technologies to fly Calebite scouts in and out from the mouth and nose on the humanoid-like Wizard as he appeared to breathe.  One microscopic craft entered the nose from scouting the vehicle behind them, which seemed to be following.  Two microscopic Calebites exited the craft to enter the skull area to address the thinking Calebites within the Wizard construct.
"What have you brought back for information about that vehicle behind us?"
One scout reported to the Calebite constructions that made decisions for the more significant body for the Wizard.  "We return to confirm the suspicions that they are spies following us.  They are Agents of Ea who work for some group called the Council of 32.  They do not seek to harm us because we, along with Beatariel back on Caleb, are in on their plans to create these wormholes.  They call it the Prospero Operation."
The discussion began amongst the thinking Calebites about this revelation. 
Then one spoke for the group.  "We have been aware that interests in the Empire have been giving the Wizard safe passage.  We did not know how they were involved with our mission to plant these seeds amongst the stars.  We decide to have your scout vehicle follow them after the Wizard retires to his room.  Let us learn all we can from those Agents of Ea with our Calebite abilities to follow discreetly and spy."
The Wizard checked into a luxurious hotel for his stay on Glokodox.  The Agent of Ea spies following the Wizard eventually left to report to superiors.  Later, the Wizard left the room to keep a reservation at one of the planet's best restaurants.  Then different Agents of Ea came around to observe the Wizard.  The Agents of Ea are part of a hierarchy that answers to an even more secretive group called the Council of 32.  That group is more than the central core with 32 Nephricans on Nephrica that pray to Ralus Xnoga.  The weakness with this secretive, compartmentalized power structure across several planets had been the secret lack of communication between different operations.
The Agents of Ea that were now following the Wizard worked for a group with the Council of 32 members that wanted the Calebite alien species exterminated.  This group's mission had been to address warnings from the actual 32 who were in contact with Ralus Xnoga that the Calebites could ultimately jeopardize the dark one's plan for the black hole feast to come.
"When the Wizard the restaurant we him shall eliminate leaves."
The Wizard very much enjoyed the Glokodox cuisine, and the food transmuted into an oaxo that seemed fresher and more nutritious than anything eaten by the Wizard since leaving the planet, Caleb.  After finishing at the restaurant, the worse event to the evening greeted the Wizard while he went to get in an arranged cab ride. 
(KABOOM!!!)  An explosion suddenly consumed the Wizard, along with a good chunk from the street he walked.  There were flames in every direction, wherever there had been something that could catch fire.  The Wizard suddenly disappeared with only pieces to the quanta-optic-nanocode robe left falling to the ground in flames.
The three-legged Nephrican Agents of Ea across the street waddled away as a Glokodox citizen crowd gathered where the explosion took place.  It had been an incendiary bomb that should have left a body for the Wizard on the ground to be consumed by Calebite-burning flames, but instead, the Wizard just vaporized into nothing.
"The Wizard just disappeared.  There a body from the blast burning should be."
The other Agent replied.  "I the Wizard a spell to or something cast had think."
As the assassin Agents of Ea left the scene in their vehicle, a tiny Calebite craft followed the more aggressive Agent pair.  "They murdered millions of our brethren back there.  Do not allow them to get away."
The blast destroyed Calebites by the millions who long rehearsed a defense if such an attempt on the Wizard's life happens.  Calebites can change into emergency configurations that fly away from a blast on the concussion wave.  This event had not even been the first time in the Wizard's illustrious existence that they first utilized this strategy.  Not far from the restaurant, in a discrete architecture cranny, there started to form a greenish fog that grew as Calebites from all directions began flying back to that place to again assemble into the Calebite construct called the Wizard.
Eventually, the slightly greenish naked Wizard body had reformed as anatomically correct a humanoid as possible.  Every microscopic Calebite that survived the blast got a new role in reconstructing the body through a radio language dictated by Designer Calebites.  It became a shallow husk from the previous body with barely a Calebite to spare.  After they located all survivors, he had a long naked walk back to his room to find a replacement robe. 
Most residents in Glokodox just pretended it had been typical to see a completely naked humanoid walking around the city that you could almost see right through.  Actually, for Glokodox, that wasn't very unusual.  A look deliberately formed conveying anger on the face from much mourning for the ones that died in the blast among the living Calebites in the body that walked back to the hotel room.
The Calebite scouts in one surviving microscopic aircraft followed the culprits to their main headquarters in a section to Glokodox dedicated to the research that this planet had become famous for conducting.  Soon they watched the culprits confess their murderous accomplishment to others that were just as responsible.
"We could avenge our brethren now with them all gathered there,” said one Calebite scout in the microscopic flying craft.
"With patience, we will achieve the desired vengeance.  Let us explore this place further to learn more about those that seek our extinction."
So the craft explored the research facilities in the area.  They used equipment on the ship to extract data from the computer systems for later analysis.  That led the Calebites to a lab where an electromagnetic mechanism held the microscopic quanta-nanocode body for Beatopanga in two pieces that were broken and inanimate.  The Council of 32 had captured Beatopanga soon after it assisted Aineemadin's escape to Pripica.  They trapped the BEAT program in an electromagnetic field that broke the tiny quanta-nanocode nanobot in half.  Then the glow that always surrounded the nanobot body went out.  To be on the safe side, the Agents of Ea left the tiny program suspended that way in the magnetic field till now.  Beatopanga had been tiny even compared to Calebites, but the aircraft visuals zoomed in on the broken nanobot body for the BEAT program suspended in a powerful electromagnetic field.
"It is another quanta-nanocode program like the kind that we seek."
"We seek functioning quanta-nanocode programs to administrate the seeds.  This one appears broke and non-functioning."
"I say we turn off that electromagnetic prison that is confining it and try to reassemble it."
Even if there were a guard in the room, they would not have seen the microscopic Calebites as they back-engineered the room's equipment to figure out a way to turn it off.
There were fifty-eight Calebite constructs in the tiny vessel that all worked to reconnect the two main pieces to Beatopanga, proportionally an insect's size to the Calebite constructs.  They fiddled and fussed with the tiny nanobot pieces that seemed to reconnect when brought close together automatically, but no glow from life yet appeared to signal that it turned back on.  The Calebites were about to continue their mission exploring the area when Beatopanga rebooted, and the glow with life again turned on around the nanobot body.
The nanobot BEAT program named Beatopanga levitated off the ground while still a bit disoriented.  "I have just turned on.  What has happened?"
Beatopanga found itself looking at a tiny virtual particle craft that had been much larger than the BEAT program but still no bigger than a bit of dust mite on Earth.  It had landed on the ground before it, flown by ameba-like silicon-based organisms that came out from the craft to surround the floating quanta-nano-bot entity.  The Calebite constructs were like giants next to the tiny nanobot body to Beatopanga.
"Greetings quanta-nanocode entity.  We are known as Calebites, and we have reassembled you.”  The Calebites looked like tiny two-legged Claymation creatures.  Beatopanga had never seen Calebites before.  There had been much to catch up on.  Together they found the stash with incendiary explosives that were the same kind used to attempt the Wizard's assassination earlier that evening.
*
A messenger from the research section interrupted the meeting between the assassins and their bosses.  "Sir, the electromagnetic field that Beatopanga off has been turned contained.  The BEAT program confiscated have been may."
"If that program reactivated it, our undoing could mea…”  (KABOOM!!!)
Just then, the entire room blew up with the same incendiary explosion that happened next to the Wizard earlier that evening when he left the restaurant.  Chemically ravenous flames consumed the assassins and their bosses, reducing the carbon-based life forms into primarily just carbon.
*
Beatopanga and the Calebite scouts returned to the skull for the reformed Wizard that returned to the hotel room, clothing the humanoid body with a new quanta-optic-nanocode robe with the 15 colonized stars.  The Wizard then produced the first seed to entrust Beatopanga to harness the star Holdus through a wormhole to Caleb.
After hearing the story about the phantom-matter singularity and the importance of the wormholes, Beatopanga became willing to dedicate its existence to that seed's maturity.  Willingness had been the hard part of the Wizard's mission, which with the Beatopanga discovery had almost magically stumbled upon a good luck stroke here.  The Wizard had to find among 14 stars a quanta-nanocode entity willing to quanta synchronize with the seed and all that evolves from it.  The Wizard had in his favor that few brilliant BEAT programs would be able to resist the offer once they examined the implications to the seed technology.  Among many invaluable advantages, the seed would provide a quanta-optic-nanocode body that would allow the microscopic BEAT programs to interact with the larger macroscopic reality for multi-cellular organisms.  Then at the hotel room, the Wizard constructed the quanta-communication device that reported back to Beatariel over three light-years away on Caleb.
The Wizard on Glokodox with Beatopanga also behind his eye sockets had then been face-to-face with an identical Wizard hologram from the planet Caleb where Beatariel watched from behind that Wizard's quanta-optic-nanocoded eyes.  "So, my Wizard friend, you have arrived safely at Glokodox, I trust?” said the Beatariel hologram.
"There has been an eventful reception here with an explosive attempt on the Wizard's life that has cost me the lives of millions of brethren.  The good news is that it has led to the first keeper for a seed.  Have you ever met Beatopanga?"
The Beatariel Wizard replied.  "I have heard my friend Beatarkameed mention you many times over the centuries, Beatopanga.  I appreciate your assistance with this.”  There had been a pause while Beatopanga replied from within the Wizard's skull.
Then the Calebite Wizard spoke.  "Beatopanga says it is in awe of this new technology, and it owes a debt of gratitude to the Wizard for reassembling it."
Beatariel felt encouraged that the plan progressed forward.  "I have made great progress on this end to the seed project, as you can see from this quanta-optic-nanocoded body I now display, and we should begin to establish the next wormhole between Glokodox and Caleb while you are still there.  I have already brought Begalius here through the first wormhole to Doldoria.  You can now share your mission to the 14 stars with Begalius to save time."
Much got accomplished while the Wizard fertilized a seed for the portal matrix, which with Beatopanga created the next wormhole from Glokodox to Caleb.
*          *          *
Holdus shined in space between the home-stars Ea and Poa, where Nephrican and Pripican species first began the evolution climb.  Due to this location, the planets Holdus-2 (Glokodox) and Holdus-3 (later dubbed Earos) were places where Nephrican and Pripican lived together within civilization's confines.  On the other side, for the star Ea, where Nephrica first evolved, the Nephrican's Empire extended further into the space void to Oa and Po stars.  These stars were more on the Nephrican side to the blooming star cluster galactic empire, so Oa and Po were considered by Nephricans who lived there to be their colonies for working their mischief exclusively.
It had been on Oa-3, where the quanta-nanocode viruses first got tested.  They were tested by disabling the technologies in the colony with 4-legged Pripicans that had dared to lay claim to territory coveted by three-legged Nephricans.  However, the Pripicans were too resourceful just to be defeated by their Nephrican attackers.  The stubborn Pripicans still thrived on Oa-3 in primitive villages holding their own against future attacks.
A quanta-nanocode entity named Beatersius was recently sent from Pripica to Oa-3 to diagnose and remedy the problem that had caused technology to fail in the fragile far-away space colony.  It discovered self-replicating quanta-nanocode programs that inundated any mechanical mechanism rendering it nonfunctional.  Beatersius would dismantle the inferior quanta-nanocode programs only to have them self-replicate and replace themselves even better adapted to its attacks.
Beatersius reported to the leader of the Pripican village, who warmed by a fire outside his simple primitive home.  Beatersius hovered in the standard coin-shaped physical form that most BEAT programs came with to present a physical form.  "I have diagnosed the problem but have yet to calculate a remedy for the problem.  Microscopic quanta-nanocode programs self-replicate on that level to disable all your technological devices.  I clean them out from a device only to have them return even harder to remove."
"Do not despair, my BEAT program friend.  They have only made the colony stronger with this attack.  We Pripicans know the Nephricans resent us for choosing this planet for our posterity.”  The Pripican who stayed warm by the fire genuinely wanted to comfort the perplexed hovering device.
The physical form spoke.  "I dismantle the nanocode, but the programs self-replicate even though they are just simple programs that lack the processing power to adapt as they do.  They do not have the individual intelligence that would explain their capacity to adapt."
The Pripican's furry face flickered in an orange glow from the fire as he spoke.  "I have lived simply now for many yearly cycles on this planet.  Many technical languages now taunt me with ignorance anymore, my friend."
Beatersius tried to explain.  "It is as if these simple programs communicate with a centrally located intelligence that I need to locate."
The Pripican leader then thought about something while watching the warming flames.  "The starship Captain told me something after sending you down to the surface.  The starship detected a subtle radio language taking place in the dormant technologies.  If you can detect this language, you will perhaps locate the central intelligence they are controlled by."
Beatersius had suddenly become excited by this new information.  "There is nothing ignorant about that advice, my friend.  I think you have solved my mystery and resolved my dilemma."
Then the coin-shaped physical form flew away to some unexplained purpose. 
The Pripican leader smiled and fanned the flames with his fur-covered three-fingered hands, content to just live naturally the way he had for the last several Earth years now whether Beatersius could turn the power back on or not.  "I am glad I was some help with your mission, my quanta-nanocode friend."
*
The central virus controlled all quanta-nanocode virus attacks on Oa-3 from the Oa Federation of Reserve Currency at the nearby Nephrican colony, where the clean technologies still worked.  The Nephricans on Oa-3 were unfriendly to Pripicans, also trying to live there on the same planet.  Still, nothing would get in the way for Beatersius, who traced the radio communication it had discovered to the Nephrican's bank.
"My central processor is exposed to a negative influence.  Nanocode viruses replicate!” shouted the radio language from the central program as Beatersius intruded at close to the speed for light upon its location within the technological infrastructure of the bank.
"I have come to shut your processor down.”  Beatersius had deciphered and learned to speak the radio language by then.
Soon self-replicating quanta-nanocode programs were sprouting up between the control processor and Beatersius.  They grew like bacteria spikes that shot out as they closed in on Beatersius.  The BEAT program disabled them as fast as it could.  It gained on the central processor.  "Your attacks on the Pripican colony are about to stop."
"No!  Replicate faster virus programs."
Beatersius reached the primary quanta-nanocode virus and broke its nanobot body into different pieces.  Then the other programs stopped everything and were no longer replicating.
Beatersius had soon been happy to report to the Pripican colony leader that this would turn the power back on again.  Beatersius also established a quanta-communication with the planet Pripica to share its newly acquired intelligence with the authorities on that planet.  It had been those Pripican authorities that first sent Beatersius there to Oa to discover the virus war now waged against them.
*          *          *
"For with the Star Hawk traveling thanks.  Till we business again do."
"We not business again Captain Potunguska be doing will!"
Aineemadin carried her luggage, marching in a huff from the craft, bringing her down to the planet Pripica from orbit where the Star Hawk had got positioned.  Aineemadin had half spent the nearly 3 Earth year journey from Glokodox to Pripica in the ship's prison for trying to dump the quanta-nanocode attack virus now being unloaded from the spacecraft a couple of hundred miles above her.  Captain Potunguska had been told by those receiving the cargo to kill Aineemadin, but he had been a greedy Captain that looked out for only himself, and instead, he confined her till the journey got over so he could make her pay a ransom for her life.  Aineemadin, the famous researcher, had been able to pay the ransom with no real problem after what in hyper-acceleration amounted to confinement for 15 days.  Still, she also paid a heavy price in anger and humiliation.
The planet Pripica had arguably been the most beautiful world in the Empire Nephapricus.  The Pripicans took great aesthetic pride in the architecture, which at the cities core were ancient stone monuments carved right from the rocks on a primarily rocky and mountainous planet.  They also took much pride in preserving the original pristine natural environment over most of the world.  The Pripicans were clean and agricultural while well into their age for galactic evolution, and the planet evolved into a uniquely galactic beauty.  Since ancient times, the Pripicans had mastered a gravity-defying technology that vibrated heavy objects with sound frequencies.  That created timeless monolithic architecture lasting well into the present galactic empire age and had been the precursor technology that led to the virtual particle breakthroughs to come.  The mountainous rocky nature of the planet's early upheavals had stabilized the large-sized world, causing cities to remain where they first got built for many thousand Earth years.
Aineemadin visited Pripica before and remembered it busier than the scene now paraded before her eye.  There were only occasional vehicles flying by in the sky, and the four-legged Pripicans who loved to walk more than sleeping seemed to be absent from the empty streets that Aineemadin waddled down.
She thought maybe this had been a holiday or something.  Then she arrived at the starport cargo administration building to tell them to quarantine the virus cargo still being unloaded above in orbit from the Star Hawk ship.
"Greetings.  I the researcher Aineemadin known as am.  I just from the Star Hawk arrived have, and you that there contraband in the cargo that the civilization on Pripica endangers is must warn."
The Pripicans at the cargo administration were no help at all, and no doubt the Captain bribed them not to care.  "So that's how Nephricans talk—sorry lady.  We were warned about you already.  You need to move along before we transfer your ship sentence to the planet where you can continue your prison time."
Her first reaction had been that they had no idea who they were talking to before them.  She had been tempted to argue some more but knew it would only leave her at the mercy of the entrenched corruption she now had discovered on Pripica.  It had been a sign for her Eagolim maturity that she didn't just continue to follow her Nephrican emotional inclinations.  She marveled at the empty streets on the great planet Pripica, the victors in the legendary Great War.  What had this great civilization become?  Where was everybody?
She got herself a room and found the planet, not a complete ghost town.  As she unpacked, she thought about who she did know on Pripica that could help stop that cargo from infecting the planet.
*
After receiving the communication, Hermental wanted to meet his old friend Aineemadin at a café near the research facilities that his high-security clearance had access to enter.  He had long respected her insights into different research problems over the centuries.  She decided first to ask Hermental what was most on her mind as she shuffled in.  "What of the great planet Pripica has become?"
Hermental, the fur-covered humanoid 2nd Generation Eagolim from Pripican descent, looked up from the table he had reserved.  "Aineemadin, my old friend, sit and let me order you some Pripican cuisine."
After the meager rations on the starship prison for all those ship cycles, she had been hungrier than she realized.  Her snout had started to growl as she ordered her food.
Hermental explained the current situation on the planet.  "This all started when the quanta-nanocode entity in charge of a warp reality business named Beatnefthes expanded the business while lowering the price below any competition.  I am sorry to tell you that you have arrived on a planet filled with mostly warp reality addicts who mostly live now in their little worlds. 
Most authorities get bribed not to care, but I have been investigating Beatnefthes for many years now.  Unfortunately, Beatnefthes lowering to unbelievable levels the price for living a fantasy has left only a minority still here in reality to run the planet."
Aineemadin listened as she ate.  "I here to you about a quanta-nanocode virus attack warn am."
"I did track down the cargo you have reported to me and am not surprised to track it to Agents of Ea that are also associated with Beatnefthes.  I have more to show you after you finish eating."
Aineemadin became happy to feed her snout while Hermental brought her up-to-date on the situation on Pripica.  After the meal, they went into the classified research facility to meet Dr. Disraydol.  Dr. Disraydol researched the portal matrix device.
Hermental authorized Dr. Disraydol to tell Aineemadin about his research.  "I have been examining this device, which replicates a similar portal used by Beatnefthes to contact the presence of a super-intelligent alien entity.  This portal leads across the void in time/space to the location for this super-intelligent entity where my deceased colleague Dr. Haidumf intruded.  There Dr. Haidumf had his life devoured from his body."
Aineemadin scanned the turned-off device with her single eye.  "This a wormhole generator is.  How Dr. Haidumf die did?"
"We pulled Dr. Haidumf's dead body back seconds after he had entered that portal.  Every cell in his body was dead as if his corpse got aged for years."
Aineemadin had more questions than answers.  "What you about this entity know do?"
"I will have to show you the data that leads to what you are about not to believe.  The intelligence on the other side to this portal is a vast computer processor that is existing on the surface for an event horizon surrounding a supermassive black hole that can only be the one at the very center to Magphoreus."
That had been extraordinary, and Aineemadin would be allowed to review the data accumulated by Dr. Disraydol's research only to agree with him that they had a wormhole portal leading to the event horizon over the galaxy's supermassive black hole.
"So what you from this data concluding are?  You the galaxy's black hole intelligent is saying are?"
That had been beyond anything Dr. Disraydol could accept.  "I cannot accept that a supermassive black hole can be intelligent.  The theory I entertain is that some other alien civilization may use an advanced technology that harnesses data stored in the event horizon as frozen moments in time/space.  This portal does not orient to the galaxy core.  Instead, it leads to a trans-substantial warp-dimensional plane of existence resonating with the location for the black hole singularity."
There had been much for the two scientists to discuss and speculate, which went entirely beyond anything Pripican agent Hermental could understand. 
Then Aineemadin said, "So we not this portal enter can?"
Hermental said, "Beatnefthes has a portal just like this that it enters all the time."
Aineemadin said, "I I to that portal examine would like think."
By the time Aineemadin had seen enough, she had become ready to act on the Beatnefthes' angle to her mission.  She left Hermental at the research facility wondering what his old friend was about to do, but now he had a nanocode virus cargo attack to track down.  Then the physical form for Bejulitiah arrived to hover by Hermental's furry ear.  "She will try to break into the virtual reality business."
Hermental looked at the flying disk.  "I sense that about my old friend too, Bejulitiah.  Follow her and let me know when I can bring the existing forces from the Pripican authorities to her assistance.  I welcome her experienced eye upon that problem.  I'm going to arrange to have the Agents of Ea apprehended with their virus cargo."
Bejulitiah said, "What will be our response to a virus attack from the cargo she has led us to?"
Hermental replied, "I do not know.  Hopefully, we will soon be able to devise a response to that around the intelligence delivered by your friend Beatersius on Oa-3 if it manages to bring that Pripican colony back from decades without any functioning technology for so many yearly Oa-3 orbits."
*
Eventually, Aineemadin had been ready to explore the latest craze on the planet Pripica, which was the alternate reality rides preferred to actual reality by most of the population.  She chose an excellent replica for a reality on the planet Nephrica, which she had not been to in over a century.  As she entered the warp dimension portal to her fantasy, no quanta-optic-nanocode staff noticed Aineemadin ducking into a hiding place.  Meanwhile, her hologram waddled into the portal to enjoy a replica of the thriving planet Nephrica.  Nephrica had been over six light-years away from Pripica at the time for this story.
However, a tiny surveillance drone was flying around that noticed her switch the hologram image with herself.  On the other side to that small electronic eye were Perzeonaut and friends several blocks away.  They were following Aineemadin at Perzeonaut's request, who happened to have an infatuation with one-eyed, three-legged Nephricans.
"What is she up to?  Keep following her."
Egolor suppressed his reluctance.  "Well, I'll follow her for now, but I'm out from there with the first sign of trouble."
Perzeonaut, Egolor, and Persuave followed Aineemadin on their computer screen that displayed the view from the tiny surveillance drone.  Aineemadin stealthily made her way to the Beatnefthes room where the portal to a long-gone Ralus Xnoga still existed in the turned-on state displaying a greenish glow in the doorway awaiting the long-gone black sphere entity's return.  Her curiosity drew her closer to the entrance, and she had been about to look inside.
She did not hear Egolor scream from several blocks away.  "Look out behind you, lady!"
That had been when the young spies helplessly watched a four-legged Pripican-shaped robot attack Aineemadin.  It had been the physical form for Beatnefthes that defended against an unknown intruder. 
Perzeonaut refused just to watch that happen.  "I am going in to save her!"
"Think about how impossible that will be,” pleaded Persuave.
"You guys have to help me."
*
The physical form for Beatnefthes had been ruthless to Aineemadin, who after a cruel beating got suspended in a virtual particle field while its metal hand struck the side to her snout.
"Who do you work for, and what sabotage have you done to me?"
Aineemadin had been good at taking a beating, and her silence would be all she had to say.
"You will remain here as my prisoner until you answer me.”  That had been when Beatnefthes calculated that this was currently a waste of time, and so the centaur-like robot left.
*
The voice from Egolor spoke through a place in Perzeonaut's ear.  "The robot is coming towards you.  Find a place to hide."
Perzeonaut entered what turned out to be a supply closet just as the robot trotted by to some appointment it had now been late for attending.
"Where did that robot come from?” whispered Perzeonaut to his far-away friends. 
The tiny spy drone scoped out the directions for Perzeonaut, who had made his way into the warp-dimension amusement business just as he had snuck in at other times before.  The three young investigators were onto the Beatnefthes schemes to feed all the Pripican warp-dimension addicts to a mysterious black sphere entity.
The voice in his ear already found her.  "She got suspended in a gravity field in a room just ahead."
Perzeonaut had been no stranger to quanta-nanocode-picking a door lock. 
Inside the room, he had just been in the right place to catch Aineemadin in his arms after turning off the virtual particle field.  "Are you alright?"
"Who you are?” she asked the mostly hairless humanoid boy with a brown-haired Mohawk hairstyle that identified him as the rare crossbreed between Pripican and Nephrican.
"My name is Perzeonaut.  I'm here to rescue you."
The voice in his ear warned them as they made their way out from the room.  "The robot is on its way back.  You need that closet again fast!"
They quickly both ran out of the closet from the amusement business right after the robot passed by them.  The two threw stealth to the wind and already got spotted by quanta-optic-nanocode holograms on staff.  The holograms didn't bother to do anything in time before Beatnefthes entered the room to discover that its prisoner had escaped.
Eventually, they were both done running after getting way beyond their captor's reach.  They stopped around the corner to a monolithic stone-carved building.  "So your name Perzeonaut I I you saying remember think is?  What you to my rescue in this chronically apathetic world brings?"
"My friends and I have been spying on the warp-dimension business for a couple of years now.  I used to be addicted to the thrill from living out fantasies in warp realities, but my friends helped me break that life-draining habit.  We saw you get captured, and I had to rescue you."
Aineemadin could sense his infatuation with her.  "I what you have done appreciate.  I Aineemadin am.  I here to a quanta-nanocode attack on this planet stop am."
Perzeonaut seemed compelled to open up to this woman.  "My name is Perzeonaut.  My parents abandoned me here on Pripica.  My mother was a Nephrican like you, and my father was Pripican.  I was born an Eagolim with some head hair while still traveling to this planet in hyperspace.  They left me here so they could keep their relationship a secret because my parents were ashamed about what they did.”  Perzeonaut stopped himself from saying anymore and wondered why he had suddenly opened up to this alien woman.
Eventually, Perzeonaut stealthily led Aineemadin through the empty streets to Egolor and Persuave.  Perzeonaut wanted to let her in on what they had learned about Beatnefthes over the years.  They had compiled an enormous data store on Beatnefthes that went back to recording the previous business owner Mollyjaz's murder.
Then Bejulitiah, who had by then already canceled the raid by authorities that it had asked for to rescue Aineemadin, flew back to its master Hermental to report on all the progress made by his one-eyed girlfriend from Glokodox. 
Beatnefthes had also seen enough at that point and returned to consider what to do about the adolescents that it had just learned had been spying on it ever since it killed its old master Mollyjaz.
*         *          *
On the planet Caleb, Begalius still visited from the first interplanetary wormhole journey, and it enjoyed its new Windock-shaped quanta-optic-nanocode body.  It decided to ask Ceres on a dinner date, which to its surprise, she accepted.
Ceres had just been grateful for someone to go to dinner with, and Windock/Begalius turned on the charm from several dozen ancient Windock novels long ago memorized.  She steered the dinner conversation to her genuine interest, which had been to solve the phantom-matter singularity problem.  "So you say this sabotaged generator will soon be back under our control?"
"Yes, my lady.  Our colleague on Nephrica named Beatarkameed has revealed that a quanta-nanocode virus caused the generator to malfunction.  As we speak, there is a space mission with Calebites on their way to free the virtual-particle generator from the quanta-nanocode virus that currently controls it."
"You sound confident that they will succeed."
"Well, I have much experience with outsmarting these simpler quanta-nanocode programming forms.  I have also sent along a special quanta-optic-nanocode program to give the Calebites the advantage.  So what can I do to gain the advantage with you lovely lady?"
Ceres had been a bit surprised by the BEAT program's intentionally seductive remark, but she maintained her composure.  As the dinner progressed, Ceres could tell that Begalius the quanta-nanocode program had been role-playing with romantic intent.  On the one hand, she felt repulsed by the idea, and on the other hand, she had never known a quanta-nanocode BEAT program to behave this way.  At the end of the evening, Windock/Begalius, like a perfect gentleman, escorted Ceres back to her room in the Citadel.  Then it tried to kiss her goodnight.
Ceres pushed the quanta-optic-nanocoded Pripican replica away.  "I am sorry, Begalius, but this role-playing game of yours is now over."
She smiled at the bewildered BEAT program before petting his furry head and closing the door behind her.  "I had a lovely time tonight.  Thank you."
Windock/Begalius trotted away, unable to understand why she had been so disgusted by the very idea of kissing the quanta-optic-nanocode body to a quanta-nanocode entity.  Then it turned off the Pripican Windock form and flew away as the microscopic quanta-nanocode entity called Begalius.  A pile with chewed-up food and beverages splattered on the ground near the Citadel where the Windock quanta-optic-nanocode body had existed just before disappearing.
*
A hundred million miles away, a relatively small chair-sized spacecraft speeded into an asynchronous orbit alongside the virtual particle generator group that was still suspending an invisible phantom matter singularity to keep it away from plummeting into the nearby star.  The only hint of the singularity's existence was a ring with exotic elements circling over the equator for an invisible spherical event horizon.
The spacecraft approached the malfunctioning generator to dock with it.  Tiny self-replicating virus forms soon responded to this, which many a Calebite on the spacecraft had already battled.  Bilipi volunteered for this mission and flew as his flying Calebite construct toward the entrance into the side on the generator created with a docking drill. 
The Calebites formed into different constructs to disassemble the dark virus figures that looked like they got made with black toothpicks.  Calebites could defeat the quantum-bit programs because the quanta-nanocode viruses got created to use the same Calebite radio language that they spoke.  Only a couple of Calebites became wounded in the first onslaught.
After the entrance got cleared, there had not been much time before a new wave with self-replicating viruses would be on the way.  Bilipi had been given a particular program with a mission to plug it into the generator's main motherboard.  So Bilipi flew past the black toothpick-like attack virus pile to fly deep into the generator on a mission that Bilipi already understood might be a one-way journey.  It got close to the motherboard and just needed another second to implement the program that Begalius made.  Bilipi flew as fast as he could while carrying the program like a bird holding a mouse in its claws.

Calebites Battle Quanta-nanocode Viruses

Other Calebites had combined into fighting constructs that stormed the opening-docking hatch while quanta-nanocode virus constructs spilled through the opening to attack the Calebites.  The individual Calebites in each construct would disable any virus stabbing into construct figures.  The Calebite army constructs looked like clay figures made from little clay balls, which were individual Calebites.  They formed into valuable shapes to confront the virus attack with some constructs even resembling two-armed, two-legged humanoids.  One dragged a microscopic torch weapon to consume with burning flames the sharp black toothpick-like virus onslaught, which left them deconstructed and burning.
The central virus instructed the replica army to continue self-replicating.  The black wave with sharp black virus points slaughtered the Calebites, and eventually, they blew up their ship as it detached to drift away from the generator into space by virus programs that took over the Calebite ship.  Suddenly the central virus felt a new strength in its sudden victory over the Calebites, and it made another attempt to yank control over the singularity from the other 14 generators.
At first, the fight over the singularity had been like another futile supreme effort against the other 14 generators.  Still, the phantom matter singularity moved according to the central virus will.  The primary virus gave a victory cheer as it flung the invisible singularity out from the other generator's grip and into the nearby star, thus fulfilling its original purpose for being created.  The singularity merged with the star Yat in seconds, beginning as a sunspot that grew and grew until the sun became consumed by the singularity.   Then it could not contain the mass anymore as only a phantom matter singularity.  Therefore it became a black hole with the star Yat's great mass shedding the star's plasma surface in a gigantic solar-sized explosion.  As the entire solar plane with planets bent according to the new rules for a black hole's gravity, the central virus had been too simple to realize that it should not exist anymore to witness this black hole's formation.  It just made a laughing noise as it continued enjoying the show.
Beyond the Begalius program's warp dream delivered by Bilipi to the motherboard, it tricked the central virus into leaving the crew on the Calebite mission still intact and docked with the generator.  The Calebites could hear the laughter from the primary virus within the quarantine capsule that they had confined it into following their successful mission.  It dreamt about the roller coaster dive beyond the event horizon into the tiny black hole sphere that had once been the star Yat.  Then the Calebites deleted it.
They were regrouping to the ship still docked safe-and-sound on the side to the generator.  Another Calebite construct approached Bilipi, who had just landed after returning from the motherboard.  "Well done, Bilipi.  It would not have been this easy without your quanta-optic-nanocode program from Windock."
"Yes, I look forward to returning home to the planet Caleb now."
"We will, but first, there are some exotic elements to acquire and take with us on the return journey home."
*
Following the control over the generator returning to normal, which had been a lot easier after the Ralus Xnoga influence had disappeared to leave only the virus in power, it had been time for Begalius to return to Doldoria through the new wormhole connection.  Lockfreedow had braved the wormhole to be the first living individual to travel a wormhole they created between Doldoria and Caleb. 
He greeted the Pripican Windock form as the new physical shape to his quanta-nanocode BEAT program.  Now Begalius had evolved into a quanta-optic-nanocode BEAT program.  The master embraced his BEAT program as a quanta-optic-nanocode body for the first time.
"This truly amazing what you my friend have accomplished is.”  
Lockfreedow wrapped his tentacles around Begalius/Windock and embraced.
"Thank you, master.  There are more wormholes to establish for good to all Nephapricus.  There are also these virus programs that are attacking civilization, which we need to confront."
The two beings, Begalius/Windock and Lockfreedow, crossed the intermediary dimension between portals on their way back to Doldoria.  The long-sought ability to create wormhole connections between planets had become a reality in Nephapricus.  After Lockfreedow and Windock passed, a Pripican emerged from hiding within the intermediary warp dimension observing the two traveling within seconds between planets that were light-years apart.  It had been the Pripican quanta-optic-nanocode body for Beatarkameed also programmed to this warp dimension made out from the interface used for quanta-communication with its BEAT program friends.
Beatarkameed still had access to this dimension, but it had no portal matrix that it could use to leave the planet Nephrica.  It had only become hypnotized by the lingering effects from the mesmerizing Ralus Xnoga powers that lied to it about creating the BEAT programs itself.  BEAT programs were the result of old Pripican research projects.  The Pripicans halted those projects over a thousand Earth years before this story from a fear that they had created something beyond anything they could control, and so creators designed BEAT programs in such a way that they would require a master.  Then, Ralus Xnoga taught the Council of 32 how to create a portal to clone a BEAT program.  Ralus Xnoga intended to control Beatariel the clone as it did Beatnefthes, where the new BEAT program got cloned from, but something stopped Ralus Xnoga from doing that.  The reason had been that they failed to realize that the cloning Beatnefthes act caused the header on Beatariel the clone to become flipped so Ralus Xnoga could never get a fix on it.
*          *          *
Back on Doldoria, Diallo and her husband Simeonalli began raising their child Alldegallo.  She wanted to raise the child near the sacred Lake of Athedonie, where the blue humanoid baby boy got baptized.  Not long after Alldegallo disappeared through the oblivion portal, she mourned losing her nephew in the unique tub that drained into the lake.  She sang songs to the goddess Teyoo, and somewhere in her enthusiasm, she begged to know Alldegallo's fate.  As she drained the tub and retired to slumber with her husband Simeonalli, a sudden rain downpour slapped against their house by the lake.
As Diallo drifted into a fathomless slumber, she dreamed about the goddess Teyoo standing next to the portal where she lost her nephew at the Crypt of Ancestors.
The goddess clacked her mandibles and spoke.  "Thy affections have thus gone forth.  If thou would know the fate for thy lost nephew, thou must brave the same portal with the courage to pass through."
Diallo had been fearless as she followed her way through the portal, determined to find her long-lost nephew Alldegallo.  She had then been in free fall that orbited the black Ralusio Xnogaio sphere, which spread out below her in terrifying proportions like a planet made of coal. 
She became filled with fear at that point, and the dream pulled her down to the dark surface on the god to oblivion.  She descended into a field with nothing but blackness for what seemed to be whole ages.  Ralusio Xnogaio glowed with opaque darkness beyond description.  Diallo did not feel a thing as she marveled at the pitch-dark landscape.  It all ended with a sudden but gentle stop on an ebony surface smooth as glass for as far as the eye could see.  Then she saw Alldegallo arise out from the black surface like a wak-o-mole that did not go back down.
Alldegallo spoke to her.  "Thou dost here usurp that thou can attend to me.  My spirit is all bound up to whom I am subdued in a dream.  This experience is all but dream and swoon to me."
Diallo felt overjoyed by sight.  "Oh, the joy I shall take to my waking with this vision from my beloved nephew Alldegallo.  Why hast thou embraced this fate?"
"Tis a worthy query, my good aunt Diallo.  Thus, I get charged to take the light endowed to me by the god Mejoldor.  Great hath my wisdom thus evolved with knowledge about this ancient conflict between light and darkness.  There is much thou art not yet ready to fathom, but do take the knowledge I shall deliver to thee as thou return to waking and life."
"To thy council, I await with silent attentiveness,”  Diallo said while standing on the flat smooth surface on the ebony planet, speaking to the Alldegallo ghost.
"I did carry with me a light forged by the god Mejoldor that was so bright that it did awaken the dark god from the slumber wherein it doth dream so as to occupy our stars' reality, which exists so far from this galactic core where the heart to this god beats.  Thou must use a similar light to thus startle the god to waking should it again dream oblivion upon our beloved Doldoria."
Diallo began to have questions after Alldegallo finished, but Alldegallo just embraced her and then began descending back beneath the blackness on the ground.  "My light shall surely shine a greeting to you and Simeonalli through the child thou has given birth.  Goodbye, my beloved aunt Diallo."
Diallo then woke up, remembering everything.  She knew now that they were up against the dreaming Ralusio Xnogaio.  To defend from another manifestation, they somehow had to wake the god up again.
*
In the City of Arkadius, Doldorian scientists from the Mejoldor School were still collecting data from the probe that Alldegallo took with him to the oblivion god.  It mostly returned data about the endless nothing in a warp dimension.  As they continued across the many days and weeks, scanning the continuous nothing data, a Ralusio Xnogaio dream eventually emerged.  The vision began with the black sphere's reappearance in the scientist's view to the probe data, which represented the body for Ralusio Xnogaio.  At around that same relativistic point in time/space, Ralusio Xnogaio hungered for a rare treat in a cosmic funnel dust cloud where there had been a planet orbiting a star over 40 times the size of Earth's star.
On that planet, intelligent life went about their lives.  They were silicon-based but not very unlike Earthlings.  Unfortunately, this world had been on its way to oblivion.  The Mejoldor scientists examined this data on a view-screen from the dream that Ralusio Xnogaio directed like a vivid movie featuring mainly the highlights.
Ralusio Xnogaio, through its influence as a super-intelligent entity, had managed to assemble the most successful among these intelligent inhabitants on the planet to do its will.  Ralusio Xnogaio appealed to their desire to be part of an inner circle with its privilege to forbidden secrets.  It teased their ambitions for reaching a proverbial 'top,' and it had also been necessary for Ralusio Xnogaio to influence these successful intelligent life pawns with an aching misery about life in general.  That had been because it needed these followers to hate their perfect lives and be unhappy to instill a will to die in them, to be free from their misery and unhappiness.  It had been a shtick that Ralusio Xnogaio perfected over a billion years.
Through the superior influence from Ralusio Xnogaio, the intelligent life had advanced, and oblivion had carefully chosen those in power throughout the history for their civilization.  However, it had been nothing as exotic as a phantom matter singularity that finally brought this intelligent living soul feast to the oblivion god's mouth.  It had been only a foolishly planned test into what explosives would do within the star's core that destroyed this star system, which Ralusio Xnogaio had inspired.  To Ralusio Xnoga, these intelligent life forms were merely the sperm needed to give birth to the latest child for the god to oblivion.  To Ralusio Xnogaio's amusement, in this dream, the population on the planet begged for the explosive arsenals to be shipped off to the star while arguing that there would be an age with peace without war sure to follow the planet's disarming.
With a bit of help from a reckless intelligent life civilization existing seventy thousand light-years away from Doldoria, the Mejoldor scientists beheld the core to the star collapse due to the explosion experiment.  A symphony in horror played out before the Mejoldor researchers for the few minutes that it took following the solar-sized explosion till the resulting black hole sucked up what got left of the planet in a blazing matter stream.
Some Mejoldor scientists turned away from the horror that they saw.  Others discovered something about the crossing to the event horizon that recorded every moment from the planet's entire existence for all time, stuck frozen upon the surface on the event horizon like recordings on a computer disk, recorded between oblivion and time/space.  All scientists warned that Ralusio Xnogaio sought the birth of another child like this one.  
The math to a singularity made all singularities one or a single dimension.  It had been through this same singularity dimension where the physics for psychic ability, quantum-synchronization, warp dimensions, and wormholes were at play.
*
Arphaxad came to the City of Ei to confront the High Priest of Ei about his involvement in the attempted destruction of the planet.  The High Priest had been small enough for Arphaxad to step on, yet the High Priest was not at all intimidated by the giant adversary. 
"Care should thou takest before the judgment of Aternos with mere circumstantial impressions for evidence.  Thou hast but suspicions for which I would bring you before judgment for the libel thou doth taunt me with."
Arphaxad considered running the arrogant Priest through with his sword but knew that would be his undoing before judgment.  He knew the Priest had been in with the Ralusio Xnogaio cult, which had now got outlawed on the planet, but Arphaxad might not yet have the evidence to prove it in the presence of Aternos.  This High Priest had been ancient and all-powerful there in the City of Ei, so Arphaxad was not yet ready to prosecute the untouchable Priest.
"I leave you than knowing that thy façade doth not delude mine eyes to your evil and that they shall yet behold your prosecution for the destruction thou has thus attempted."
There had been fear in the Priest with the words from Arphaxad, whose giant size took up the entire meeting hall where they met.  Arphaxad ducked as he left through the doorway.  The High Priest then waited in the ancient Ei hall silence and said, "I fear that I have thus failed thee, my god Ei."
Then the god Ei appeared as a giant Arphaxad's size.  Only this god had been Nephrican with a single eye, tentacle arms, and three tentacle legs, all covered in skin-cloth drapes.  "Thou not to in the calamity for prophecy that shall yet bring all Doldorian before my glory upon knelt down postures usher yet failed hast.  I over the reactors by the power of Ei shall regain control, and I on calamity winds the new age of Ei shall usher in."
Then above Doldoria, in orbit existed a satellite sent to monitor the planet, which originated from the Council of 32.  This satellite included a secret cargo that departed the satellite as tiny parachute objects, which targeted the Cherder reactor passing by on the surface to the planet below.  Small quanta-nanocode virus programs got created to take over the reactor and cause a tragic meltdown within the little landing-craft swarm.

Chapter 9

The authorities on Glokodox thought the Wizard died from the incendiary explosion in the front of the restaurant.  Since there had not been a body, investigators tried to locate the Wizard, and they soon found him alive and well at the hotel where he stayed.  The Wizard filed a report to the investigators and told them that he had indeed been an attempted murder victim.  After the formalities with the investigators were complete, the Wizard had to leave and go shopping.  Within the Wizard's skull, the Calebites were explaining to Beatopanga what the Wizard shopped to acquire.
"The seed, which we have come from beyond this planet to offer you, is safely hidden away in Beatariel's invention called a Warp Dimensional Storage Space.  The Wizard must find the necessary parts to reconstruct the key because the previous key was destroyed by that explosion earlier this evening."
Beatopanga became aware of the explosion that happened earlier due to a palpably solemn mood echoing ubiquitously throughout the body in the Wizard from several billion Calebites who were remembering loved ones lost. 
The BEAT program could compute that a warp dimensional storage space had probably been an invention by the Wizard on the planet Caleb.  It perhaps never went to the market like the planetary teleportation technologies and quantum-communication businesses implying such a storage space.  The warp storage space differed from the warp reality technologies that Pripican scientists initially invented.
The Wizard got devastated by the blast.  The Calebites had evolved their own highly advanced technologies in the millennium that they evolved as the Wizard inside the Citadel.  Inside the body to the Wizard were massive construction projects for new aircraft, communication devices, quanta-nanocoded computer technologies, and the general infrastructure that made the Wizard the total expression from a trillion Calebite parts.  The Wizard needed more raw materials for the Calebites working within to help get the jobs done.
The Wizard visited technology stores that made up a gigantic mall filled with stores, which provided for the research projects on the planet/city called Glokodox.  Glokodox had been a planet where mischievous Nephricans and ambitious Pripicans came to experiment with their ideas, away from more regulated worlds.  These research projects included the early development for quanta-nanocode viruses and Aineemadin's satellites that orbited Doldoria till this story's time, manipulating Doldorian minds with microwave suggestions through holographic god and goddess impersonations.
The Wizard strolled down hallways with every technological product he could want, and he left the stores carrying bags filled with circuit parts, minerals, metals, wires, tiny virtual particle generators, and reactor materials.  Then he returned to the hotel room to unwrap the materials that spread out on the table before the Wizard. 
That had been when the Wizard scooped up the various parts and ate them.  He swallowed the pieces but chewed some materials first with hardened Calebite teeth that broke them down for other Calebites below who began the distribution process for the industries within.  Within the technology-fed Wizard were industries buzzing with activities.  The Calebites worked hard to replace equipment lost in the assassination attempt.
The Calebites within the Wizard worked to return the civilization to its previous glory.  Some argued against the Calebites that blew up the assassins, mainly that it brought more violent retaliation to the suffering Calebites that survived.  However, the grand Calebites majority celebrated the Calebites who fought back as heroes that avenged deceased Calebites by the millions who did not survive the blast from the incendiary bomb.  Those same celebrated heroes also located the first BEAT program to fertilize the Glokodox seed.  It had been a bittersweet time with victory and loss within the Calebite civilization that had been the Wizard.
Beatopanga observed all this while exploring the insides of the Wizard, who had been busy shoving raw materials into his mouth like a starving man invading a banquet.  The Calebites spoke in a radio language that could broadcast to great distances.  They chattered in a musical frequency that made each Calebite a part in a more extraordinary dance to the music, animating the body as the total from its Calebite pieces.  Beatopanga became summoned back to the skull to watch through the eyes of the Wizard as he skillfully assembled a key with various technology pieces still scattered on the table.
*
The blast had not destroyed all the Wizard's advanced technology.  Many aircraft that made up a security parameter around the Wizard survived, and now more than ever, they were scouting the areas around the Wizard for further danger.  There also remained scout craft well beyond the bomb's reach that almost ended the existence of the Wizard.  One such aircraft followed Agents of Ea long before discovering them tracking the Wizard's activities as he left the spaceport. 
That tiny microscopic aircraft that ran on a virtual particle propulsion system followed the Agents of Ea to those who gave them orders.  The Calebite scout craft had penetrated the secret location to the Glokodox chapter for the Council of 32.
The forty Calebite constructs that occupied the tiny scout craft watched the Agents of Ea describe all they knew about the Wizard to these other Nephricans in the Council of 32.  They were 12 council members that sat at a large round table and were a mixture of one-eyed Nephricans and hairless humanoid Eagolim of Nephrican descent. 
The Calebites figured they were all probably Eagolim with exponentially extended life spans, as well as members in the most elite high-class powers controlling the local civilization.  The scout ship remained there to watch. 
Later more Agents of Ea arrived reporting on the Wizard's activities, buying a fortune in exotic technologies for lunch.  They got dismissed to leave the Council alone at the table with the microscopic Calebite aircraft spies still hovering invisibly in the air recording the proceedings.
That had been when the center on the round table became a hologram with a one-eyed Nephrican.  It was a quanta-communication with an actual member from the 32 who lived on Nephrica.  The Nephrican Council of 32 was still convincing the outer order that they still communicated with Ralus Xnoga, to whom they all swore allegiance.
"I part in communion with Ralus Xnoga after this communication so quick with this report be has must take.  What to the Wizard that so important is happened has?” said the Nephrican hologram standing in the table center.  The hologram looked down upon the subordinate council members sitting below around the Glokodox table.
One Glokodox member responded.  "Lord from the sacred 32, there an attempted assassination against the Wizard by other Agents of Ea to the Wizard eliminate ordered has been.  It not succeeded, but they the entire Prospero Project threaten."
"Yes,” said the hologram.  "Lines for communication ineffective have been.  I about the other Lord in the 32 that probably those Agents with such an order left know.  I this with him shall discuss, and he the Agents on Glokodox that the death to the Wizard seek will correct."
There had been a pause that exceeded the usual 10 seconds it took to speak to the other planet over two light-years away, but then the Glokodox Nephrican at the table said, "That the purpose for this communication was.  We you to commune with the great Ralus Xnoga leave."
That had been the end to the communication with the planet Nephrica. 
Then there were other communications recorded by the tiny spy craft still in the room.  It seemed like these twelve Nephrican Eagolim at that round table controlled the whole Holdus star system.  They watched a hologram with surveillance video that had already been on the news, and there at that table, they shut down any further investigations by the authorities.  The Glokodox Council of 32 members at that table also instructed the local media to explain away the Wizard's ability to survive such an explosion by embellishing the well-known legend about the Wizard already the subject for myths all across Nephapricus.  They made the news media make up stories about technologies developed by the famous Wizard to protect him against such things.
Meanwhile, over two light-years away on the planet Nephrica, a secret Council of 32 met to try once again to contact the long-lost super-intelligent entity known as Ralus Xnoga.  The three-legged Nephrican that had just spoken to the planet Glokodox entered the room to circumambulate clockwise around the black circle on the floor. 
Then he joined the other members lined along the outside facing inside the circle where a 33rd individual in the room lay tied up and terrified on the ground.  Her single Nephrican eye darted looks of horror at the 32 individuals surrounding her.
The 32 surrounding the edge to the black circle on the floor then chanted.  "Ralus Xnoga!  Ralus Xnoga!  Ralus Xnoga!  Ralus Xnoga!”  Desperation in the tone of the chant sounded like they all were dying of thirst, which only the object to their chant could quench.  "Ralus Xnoga!  Ralus Xnoga!  Ralus Xnoga!  Ralus Xnoga!”  They all closed in on the terrified female Negolim tied up on the ground, surrounded by the black circle intended to represent the mouth of the Council's god.  The Negolim's scream tried in vain to drown out the sound from the chant, only to harmonize for a moment as 32 knife-bearing hands, some with tentacles, some with fingers, rose above the crowd to simultaneously stab the scream into silence.  The chant continued, never missing a beat, and the red blood filled the black circle toward the edge. 
“Ralus Xnoga!  Ralus Xnoga!  Ralus Xnoga!  Ralus Xnoga!”
*
They almost fully assembled the key at the hotel where the Wizard stayed.  The Wizard sat at the table, applying the finishing touches on the key he made.  Sometimes he would press his finger into a part on the key while a few hundred Calebite constructs did microscopic programming upon the key-like gadget.  That level to this programming on the key assured that only the Wizard's Calebites could make this key. 
It had been a simple technology made out of essential components they could purchase in almost any highly advanced galactic culture.  It unlocked another invisible reality created within the physical orbit around the Wizard.
Beatopanga intently watched the Wizard at work from one Wizard's eye.  It tried to grasp the technology based on the current warp dimension technologies that had also advanced space travel beyond the speed of light and provided alternate reality amusement parks that were phenomenally popular on the planet Pripica.
The Wizard held up the key and said, "Behold, the 14 seeds for the Star-Doors.”  Then he pressed something on the flat flashlight-sized key.  It caused the object in the Wizard's hand to glow.  That had been when the air in the room split open in a wind gust, opening a rectangular hole suspended in the air before the Wizard.  Inside the portal had been a grayish cube-like storage space with 14 dark round objects on a tray made to hold the spherical objects in place. 
Beatopanga flew out one Wizard nostril to get a closer look.  The gigantic Wizard followed the microscopic BEAT program with microscopic Calebite eyes everywhere.  The Wizard had been perfectly able to see the tiny Beatopanga who glowed like a small star on the microscopic dimension.  The BEAT program flew around the opening suspended in the air, which only showed on the side facing the Wizard.  Beatopanga even traveled to the other side toward the Wizard and only seemed from the Wizard's perspective to suddenly see the rectangular hole in the air.
Beatopanga then looked upon the 14 egg-shaped seeds inside the warp-dimensional storage space.  They were fist-sized and black with a purple hue that shined through like there had been a dim light inside.  The Wizard reached in to grab one before switching off the key to make the hole in reality disappear.  He then placed the key somewhere safe in his star-colored robe.  With his other hand, he held up the seed.  "Come now, Beatopanga, and quantum-synchronize with the new wormhole technology."
Beatopanga felt ready to assume this responsibility.  It flew across the smooth surface on the seed that covered the glowing purple technology underneath.  As the nanobot body for Beatopanga touched the egg's shell, it became stuck to it.  Beatopanga tried to pull itself away for a moment, but the seed would not let go. 
The tiny BEAT program didn't press the issue but instead sank into the seed, seen swarming around with strange gears and tendrils beneath the smooth surface that just closed up over the BEAT program as it entered.
The Wizard just continued to hold up the seed that Beatopanga had just fertilized while watching it glow with increasing brilliance.  After the brightness seemed to engulf the Wizard's hand, he set the egg-shaped seed on the ground.  At first, it rolled in one direction but moved the other way, still glowing and festering beneath its surface with chaos activity.
Then the seed grew and took on another shape to form a doorway in the middle of the floor.  It had been a portal matrix identical to the one on the planet Caleb that Begalius came through from Doldoria.  Beatopanga had the liberty to choose any form for its new quanta-optic-nanocode body.  That would be its new physical form, and the full-sized macroscopic form it chose emerged from the glowing doorway on the portal matrix as a female Nephrican with one eye, three tentacle-like legs, and three tentacle-like fingers on the ends of her two arms.  Skin cloth draped off Beatopanga's body like multiple drapes overlapping each other.  The apparent inspiration for this female Nephrican quanta-optic-nanocoded physical form had been its old friend Aineemadin.
"This is opening up a whole new dimension for experience to me,” said Beatopanga as it looked over and felt its new quanta-optic-nanocode body.
The Wizard laughed and said, "You know Nephricans do not talk like that."
Soon it became time to see if the portal matrix would work.  The Wizard gestured to Beatopanga. "You are now the master over this indestructible portal matrix, Star-Door.  You do the honors."
Beatopanga raised a tentacle to the controls on the portal side that opened the wormhole.  The portal glowed with a greenish color that became a blue opening into another dimension.  "You understand, Beatopanga, that you must remain here on Glokodox as one with this portal along with everything that will evolve from it that is still to come.  I shall test this path and return to continue my travels from here to the planet Nephrica to plant the next seed."
Beatopanga nodded to the Wizard its understanding.  Then the Wizard entered the portal to be swallowed up in the blue glow.  As a Nephrican female, Beatopanga then turned off the portal matrix and sat at the table in the Glokodox hotel room to just stare onto its destiny for a while, as well as to stare at the turned-off portal matrix still sitting in the room's middle. 
Beatopanga sat there trying to compute all its implications.
*         *          *
The quanta-optic-nanocode holographic version for the Wizard generated by Beatariel on the planet Caleb had been watching for the Calebite Wizard when he emerged through the portal matrix from the planet Glokodox.  The two Wizards instinctively embraced, and the Beatariel Wizard said, "Welcome back to the planet Caleb, my friend.  As you can see, I had made faster progress than first anticipated all those years ago when I first sent you to Glokodox."
"Yes.  I imagine we will be adjusting the plan for planting these seeds now."
Then the portal matrix glowed green again, and then blue as the Pripican physical form for Begalius arrived from Doldoria while Beatariel answered.  "I and Begalius here have yet to quanta-synchronize with these portal matrixes.  Therefore we will be able to take some seeds to the stars Fedor, Gralga, Koa, Ko, Poa, Paz, Pea, Tze, and Tze-Doldus while you continue to Ea, Po, and Oa."
The Calebite Wizard choreographed a satisfied smile and produced the warp dimensional storage space key.  "Oh, this does indeed lighten the burden as we lay bridges across the stars."
Windock/Begalius waved hello to the Wizards.  "My master Lockfreedow has agreed to release me to this quest, but he is going to be traveling with me."
Beatariel suddenly felt reminded about its obligation to be allowed to travel the stars by its master Ceres who had been there making sure Beatariel stayed on Caleb to stop the Yat star system from becoming a black hole. 
Beatariel had not been used to serving a master, and it tried to resist that inconvenient part of its programming.  Pripican scientists who feared long ago that they would lose control over their thinking program inventions wired it into its makeup.
*
Several miles away from the Citadel where they planned this seed planting again, Gothdial in the colony on Caleb sat watching the wormhole reunion that took place in the Citadel on a view screen.  Everyone spied on everyone in those galactic days with super-advanced technology.  After several failed attempts to plant a camera in the Citadel to spy on the Wizard, one finally managed to remain operable for Gothdial to observe the latest wormhole connection to his planet.  It seemed the Citadel itself had been alive and could hunt down, find, and eliminate his surveillance devices before he could even use them.  Now Gothdial realized that the real Wizard did leave the planet as many already believed.  The Wizard remaining had been a quanta-optic-nanocode hologram replica probably controlled by a BEAT program.  Gothdial thought a BEAT program explained many other mysteries about the Wizard and his Citadel.
Suddenly back at the Citadel, a Calebite patrol craft approached the newly discovered surveillance device, and it fired on it with all four Calebite occupied laser turrets.
Gothdial had been disappointed to see his view screen going blank.  "What happening is?” he thought out loud.
Gothdial had then become distracted by his humanoid son, Skreevy, who creaked open the door to his study.  He could tell his son was there with a question.
"Son in come,” said Gothdial, the first generation Eagolim father to the humanoid boy.  Gothdial with his wife evolved from Negolim into Eagolim on the .6 times the speed of light journey to that planet.  They came there to serve the Caleb colony on the governing council.  Skreevy, the 2nd generation, had been born a few years later on the planet Caleb, a humanoid as expected.
Skreevy entered to begin the conversation that he came there to start.  "Father, why both you and mom one-eyed Nephricans are?"
Gothdial felt unsure about what his son meant.  "We just always that way been have."
Skreevy tried to elaborate on his point.  "I why you another one-eyed Nephrican marry did mean?  You not two-eyed Eagolim like do?"
The father wondered why this sudden line for inquiry now confronted him.  "I just myself to others that like me look closer find.”  Then he felt he had taken a misstep on this sensitive subject with his son.  "I not I not the way you look like do mean did.  Even the great Captain Mynervood with wives on every colonized planet never to 2nd generation women was attracted.  Why you this ask do?"
Skreevy felt embarrassed but decided to tell all after already going this far.  "Well, if you must know.  I affections for my teacher have, but she like you is."
The father's laugh mixed amusement with relief.  "Oh, son, there no reason a one-eyed not in love with you fall can is.”  
Gothdial felt relieved that his son would probably get rejected for the age difference, but children can and will have their crushes.
*
The planet has become filled with lush green forests during the thousand Earth years since colonization began.  Caleb got changed from a sub-zero world with a methane atmosphere to the habitable oasis amongst the stars it is at this story's time, covered with a mostly oxygen/nitrogen/carbon dioxide atmosphere.  Within these lush green forests lurked the tree-like Calebite construct known as Calebax.
Calebax used to be amused to watch civilization destroyed by the quanta-nanocode viruses.  Calebax could tune into the subtle radio frequency where viruses received orders from the central virus from the forest that had been her habitat.
Unfortunately, after the destruction of civilization by the quanta-nanocode virus attack, some colonists started living in the forest where Calebax felt intruded upon by foreigners.  These were uncomfortable days for the elusive Calebax, and the offer to live in the Citadel finally took its place as an acceptable proposition within the Calebite population in Calebax.  Then the central virus got defeated, and almost all the colonists returned to their colony with its technological wonders.  Now only the Pripican hunter always on the trail after Calebax was there to annoy the legendary monster.
Calebax stood at the edge of the forest where these aliens started their colony, housing suburbia.  The sprawl spread off into the distance, which evolved into a city crowned in the farther distance by the massive dome that had been the Citadel reaching to the stratosphere.  Calebite scouts that resembled Bilipi returned to inform Calebax about the hunter's location behind the monster now emerging from the forest.
Calebax had grown used to the tenacious Pripican hunter who studied the creature.  Calebax looked upon the Citadel, knowing that it had been the one place she could probably at last shake off that hunter.  The problem had been that Calebax heard the noise again.  With that noise would come again the colonists to her forest to invade the personal domain for the reclusive creature.  Calebax had to find the source for the noise and stop it before it came to that again.
Eventually, Klarlenuth, the hunter, tried to get in the spotlight to calm down the crowd following Calebax at a safe distance.  "As you all may remember when I made news all those years ago as the one who discovered Calebax, we have nothing to fear from this alien species.  It has evolved naturally on this planet and is highly intelligent.  It has never before ventured this deep into our civilization, but I assure you it must be for a good reason."
The walking tree slowly made its way into the vast metropolis in the colony on Caleb.  She did not bother anyone who quickly got out of her way anyway, and she walked the sidewalks just like everyone else, so the police just followed her while not knowing how to react.
Eventually, the hunter tried to get between the Nephrican police who were about to shoot at the monster and the monster now spreading branches into a spacecraft ticket outlet for the local starport.  "Do not shoot.  It has no effect anyway, and this creature is brilliant and is not beyond our ability to reason with it."
"Out from the way Pripican get!” responded an angry law enforcement officer.
Within the ticket outlet, Calebax could see the source of the noise.  The creature reached a branch out into the automated ticket purchase slot while projectile objects from the law enforcement guns lodged within her tree-like flesh.  It did not affect the overall construct Calebax except to fuel a resentment that the living carries for the dead.  Within the ticket slot on the microscopic level to existence had been a war between Calebite and black spiky viruses.  The virus attack had been no more effective against Calebax than the bullets.  Soon, the central virus got destroyed by the Calebite appendages, and the radio frequency noise finally stopped.
Calebax then turned to face her other aggressors, the colonists shooting at her.  That had been the moment Ceres arrived from the Citadel on the news that Calebax had been there.  "Stop!  Hold your fire.  We are here to take care of this."
The police had no reason to continue firing since it did seem to have no effect.  "What it doing is?  This some kind of robbery is?"
Ceres listened to a receiver in her ear that Bilipi used to communicate with her. 
While Ceres had halted the gunfire, Bilipi learned everything from his old friend Calebax.  Then Ceres answered.  "This creature has just stopped the next quanta-nanocode virus attack against our planet.  It has deactivated a central virus inside this ticket outlet.  I think we might learn a lot from surveillance data on who deposited it here."
As it turned out, purchasing a space flight ticket at the outlet led authorities to apprehend Agents of Ea trying to leave the planet.  Bilipi had finally convinced Calebax to enter the Citadel, if just for a short time.  Ceres returned to the Citadel to be confronted by Beatariel, who needed her permission to leave the planet to plant star-door seeds.
*          *          *
On the planet Doldoria in the City of Arkadius, Lockfreedow admired the portal matrix and the new quanta-optic-nanocode physical form for his BEAT program that looked like a Pripican in a somewhat ancient style clothing from an era with cufflinks and buttons.  "This a priceless invention that I we should to the Children of Dol report think is.  Then for its protection while you and I a trip to several stars take can provide."
Begalius/Windock strutted its new form around the storage location where they kept the portal.  It had been a bridge between two planets that probably could fall into the wrong hands as it had already in the past.  The doorways emerging from the fertilized seeds had the advantage of being made from exotic elements that were indestructible with a quanta-nanocode entity synthesized to become one with it and in complete control over where it existed or if it does.  Begalius understood that they needed guardians for this portal on Doldoria while they gallivanted amongst the stars, and the Children of Dol would be the best to entrust to such a noble cause.
They both picked up the portal and took it back to Lockfreedow's virtual particle craft, then to the leader for the Children of Dol named Arphaxad.  The Children of Dol inherited the City of Arkadius from the Nephricans and Pripicans that built it soon after the legendary Captain Mynervood journey in the starship The Beyonder.  Dol had been the child from a Pripican and Nephrican born onboard The Beyonder during the legendary space flight, and she had hair just like a Pripican but only on the top of her head.  Her hair appeared long and fiery red like the star Dol during an autumn sunset.   Dol also had pale skin, and as she grew older, she worked on genetic experiments with Doldorian scientists for the god over the sacred helix to creation, Burnumatum. 
The result had been her offspring, giant blue-skinned Eagolim born from the smaller Doldorians, which gave the offspring extra-thick blue skin.  They were tall, just like the Nephrican and Pripican gods that came to the planet.  Unlike typical hairless humanoid Doldorian children from smaller Eagolim, they grew long hair on their heads like the manes on proud lions that took their place as kings over their domain.  Like their mother Dol, the Children of Dol grew long hair on their heads in all different colors, which stored and provided nutrition to their bodies like Pripican fur.  The Children of Dol were fierce fighters who worshiped the swordplay skills derived from a less-bloody Doldorian sport where they fenced with sword-like weapons until an exoskeleton would get chipped.  The Children of Dol were also courageous space travelers, and by the time of this story, they had made Doldoria worthy of being equal with the more advanced gods that also traveled the stars.
Arphaxad paced around the portal matrix that had still just got connected to Caleb.  The Star Doors originally got designed to link with Caleb at the star Yat where they would need the combined ion-fusion-generated power to save Nephapricus. "With great marveling, I doth behold what thou hast endowed unto thy purposes.  For you say with but a few steps through this doorway I would emerge on the planet Caleb that doth orbit the flickering eastern sky star for the planting morn?"
Lockfreedow became prepared to demonstrate.  "Arphaxad, yes.  I Windock my assistant who over this it for you open presides can have."
Windock/Begalius took that cue to turn on the portal matrix.  Lockfreedow knew Arphaxad to be too proud to back away from the challenge.  The Children of Dol leader took that as his cue to walk through the portal.  He drew his sword first, which he used to lead the way into the blue light for an unknown adventure that awaited him on the other side to the activated wormhole portal.
Beatariel got notified earlier that the portal might open for this demonstration.  The Wizard greeted Arphaxad, who had been on the planet Caleb for a day and a night as the Wizard's guest with Ceres.  He had been given the tour and became convinced that this had been no parlor trick with warp dimensions.  Arphaxad grew up with profound knowledge about the local stars and space, which he oriented himself to the night he arrived on Caleb till he found his home star Dol in the night sky all by himself.  That did a lot to convince him that he was over three light-years away from home.
Arphaxad returned from his visit after a day and a night on Caleb, and then he became determined to guard this precious technology with the total weight and resources from the brave and fierce Children of Dol.  His sword got sheathed on the walk home, but as he exited through the portal to Doldoria, a Pripican appeared within the intermediary warp dimension.  It had been Beatarkameed's quanta-optic-nanocode physical form there watching what its other BEAT program comrades were up to now.  Then, after Arphaxad had left the warp dimension, it started murmuring out loud.  "They are advancing with the wormholes master Ralus Xnoga as you foresaw and intended.  They will soon bring all these stars here for your waiting appetite to devour.  I know here in this warped space, I can be heard by you, Lord Ralus Xnoga.  Return master!  Your followers await your return!"
The quanta-optic-nanocode entity shouted out into the warp void where it would make no echo against the endless nothing.  There also had been nothing to stop the sound from traveling on and on.  Somewhere in the nothing, Ralus Xnoga stirred in its sleep in response to a distant sound, which seemed to call its name from the void that made up the entity's dreams.
*
Doldoria had been the planet ushered into the galactic space travel age when it had still been very much a primitive superstitious society.  Even in this story, much on Doldoria remained pristine and primitive.  A thousand Earth years into this new age could still see primitive Negolim living on Doldoria in fear of the wonders from the descended gods. 
The streets in cities like Trolluer were mixtures of the future and the past where flying virtual particle craft and internal combustion saltwater powered cars provided traffic that maneuvered around giant ant-like animals called gergos that were still being ridden and harnessed to pull wagons.  Shemionalli visited the Trolluer markets to shop and enjoy the atmosphere from a beautiful sunny day in Doldoria.  She mingled through the market crowd with mostly Negolim Doldorians like herself.  She passed various evangelical booths in the market for different gods on the planet who were peddling their religions to potential converts or providing fellowship for like minds. 
She passed several religious booths that were scattered about amongst the shops.  She paused for the dance goddess Diathanio followers, who performed a breathtaking show with skill and grace for passers-by.  She had no interest in the opiate smells from the booth to the god Jewawah, which she had tried when younger, but now she enjoyed more serious ventures.  She continued through the market until she found herself drawn to a familiar voice singing in the distance.
"This truth is sung without gentleness,
for there is no time with which to speak.
For we have no time to be at rest
for evil our world will still seek …."
Shemionalli continued towards the voice she heard coming from the stage for Jambennin.
“Ralusio Xnogaio still lives.
There is no time to just be at rest.
Oblivion he still wants to give.
We must not fail that god's final test …."
Then Shemionalli recognized it had been her friend Diallo singing her prophecies at the stage for the god for free speech' probably at the behest from the goddess Teyoo who Shemionalli knew Diallo was devoted to worshiping.  They were friends from way back, and Diallo even happened to marry a man named Simeonalli, who happened to be the male form to her name, just by the type of coincidence regarded by Doldorians as a good omen.  Then Diallo finished singing her desperate warning that the now-forbidden god Ralusio Xnogaio was still going to return to try to destroy Doldoria.
Shemionalli as a member of the delegation that warned the Children of Dol with the message from the Lady of the Lake, had been genuinely concerned about her friend's dire warnings.  After Diallo finally left the stage, Shemionalli asked her friend to lunch to explain this further.  Diallo had been thrilled to meet her old friend and told her about her dream about the prophet Alldegallo and what the sleeping prophet had told her about repelling the evil god to oblivion with a brilliant light frequency.  Shemionalli knew the Mejoldor scientists back at Arkadius could use this information since she had been aware that they were observing Ralusio Xnogaio with a probe in a mysterious warp dimension.  The broadcasting object got stuck in the dream of a super-intelligent organism that thought nothing about the lesser-evolved life forms it consumed.
"This knowledge will not go with me to Arkadius to fall upon deaf ears.  Indeed the Mejoldor scientists can program such a light from the probe still under control from those scientists that, as we speak, doth lurk at the heels to oblivion's god.  They still control the very sphere your nephew Alldegallo took with him to oblivion."
Diallo felt grateful.  "With relief, I doth deliver this knowledge to you as it hath so far been a heavy burden to sing with further desperation from the freedom afforded by Jambennin.  Our meeting here can only be by the will for gods beyond the profoundness of chance."
"Thy song hath been heard, good friend."
Just then, the sky suddenly became brighter than a dozen daytimes, and a terrible earthquake shook the market, sending the crowd stumbling for balance.  While everyone afterward looked around in the sudden hush from the long silence that followed, everyone then heard the distant rumble from an atomic explosion.
*
The Ralusio Xnogaio temple left in the City of Cherder had combined a poorly designed nuclear reactor and the atomic bomb.  They had stored fuel rods underneath the reactor for maximum China-Syndrome fallout in a worst-case scenario meltdown, which got stopped in the earlier battle with the Children of Dol.  The atomic reactor bomb temple had been in the process of being dismantled and rendered harmless after they caught the Ralusio Xnogaio cult trying to use these temples to destroy the planet.
Then from beyond any surveillance notice or monitoring equipment, the Cherder reactor had been taken over on the microscopic plane to existence by quanta-nanocode viruses.  The first central virus to seize control over the temple wasted no time setting off the atomic bomb reaction built into the inner sanctum.  The explosion filled the atmosphere with a mushroom cloud that sent a shockwave twenty miles in every direction.  It leveled architecture and vanished the lives of over four hundred thousand Doldorians.  Where once a city in peace and mutual love just went about their day, a star-like explosion engulfed almost half a million Doldorian individuals.  Hammer-like shockwaves knocked over buildings and rode upon super-heated liquid plasma waves that would later smolder in liquid metal puddles for weeks to come.  With those weeks to come would also be the millions about to painfully die, who might count the four hundred thousand instant deaths at ground zero as the fortunate ones.  Within seconds came the aftermath that left a smoldering two-mile-wide crater around the center where the Ralusio Xnogaio temple once stood.
They mobilized the entire city of the gods within minutes.  The actual gods from Pripica and Nephrica flew enormous spacecraft never before seen in the skies from the distant orbits where they usually perched out from view, before the light from another star on the planet's ground itself filled their view screens.
They had amazingly advanced medical technologies and subatomic particle beam machines that neutralized land areas affected by radiation.  Virtual particle technologies could target concentrations with polonium, cesium, and other fallout forms to isolate and remove these bitter elements from the planet.  They mobilized such a massive and unanimous effort to comfort the afflicted that very few deaths followed the initial victims from the blast.  These dead victims, unfortunately, would never settle in a tomb.  Still, they would haunt the parameter along the two-mile crater for ages to come as disembodied ghosts.  They would haunt here long after it once again became the sprawling architecture for the city with various memorials to the ones that lost their lives in the Cherder explosion, the worse calamity to ever happen in all Doldorian civilization's history.
 The news quickly reached the planet Caleb and the rest of Nephapricus on quantum communications, and Calebites on Caleb knew this to be the work from their dire enemies, quanta-nanocode viruses.  Calebites had already evolved their own highly advanced weaponry against these viruses in the days that they battled them within the Citadel.  The Calebites on Caleb mobilized armies to cross over in the wormhole portal to Doldoria to save the planet from further attack. 
Calebites were suddenly willing to help aliens on a planet over three light-years away.  Calebites seemed to understand more profoundly than multi-cellular organic life forms how we were all parts of a more significant construct that expanded beyond time and space.
Arphaxad watched the news as they interviewed the High Priest who had been capitalizing on the atomic calamity, which he couldn't help but think got caused by that same Priest.  The High Priest seized the spotlight from the media.  "For with surety, I doth recalleth words in prophecy delivered by the god Ei that with this greatest of calamities cometh the call of Ei to unite the children from all faiths under the dawning age of Ei."
Nahor watched Arphaxad's swelling anger as he saw the Priest on the view screen.  Then he spoke up as he saw Arphaxad move his hand to the hilt on his sheathed sword.  "So it is said, and so said again, to hilt moveth thy hand to thus draw a sword to purpose."
"Thou hast read me aright old friend, and I doth throw away my future this day for this purpose that the Priest shall not live to reap goodwill from this most sorrowful of calamities."
Nahor moved to reason with an unstoppable force now beyond reason.  However, Arphaxad, the unstoppable force, left as fast as aircraft could take him to the City of Ei.
Like lightning, Arphaxad soon stood with a drawn sword in the Amphitheater for Ei before the High Priest.  "Methinks thy truths are with no purity, and thy murderous treachery shall therefore drink the justice from my sword!"
The High Priest stood in the arena for Ei as if he expected Arphaxad to arrive there with a hungry sword, and he had been waiting impatiently. 
The High Priest had been unarmed but calm and defiant nonetheless in the blue humanoid giant's face, just about to hack him apart with a sword.  "Thy blasphemous misplaced vengeance shall answer to the wrath from my god, you who are but the offspring from alien worn-out old spent gods."
Arphaxad had not gone there to discuss anything, and his swinging sword determined that those would be the Priest's last words, but suddenly his swing became parried by the appearance from another sharp sword that glowed almost as if made with light.  The High Priest just stood there, barely flinching beneath death's blade that had suddenly stopped just in time.

The God Ei Chases Arphaxad Down the Street.

Arphaxad followed the long sharp blade on the sword that had suddenly stopped his to its hilt wrapped about with the two tentacle fingers on a Nephrican.  Then Arphaxad focused on the Nephrican with the sword, which had suddenly intervened in his assassination attempt.
"Behold heathen that thou dost behold the countenance upon the one true god Ei who shall reign in the long-awaited age of Ei,” shouted the High Priest.
Arphaxad's instinct moved within the next heartbeat and stopped the next swinging with swords that met again at a clank.  Arphaxad moved with every instinct from training to swing at and block the god that fought with movements blinking like they were at light's speed.  The god Ei made no noise except the clanking from his lightning-fast sword. 
Arphaxad gave more and more foot play to a retreat, and he suddenly felt constantly on the defensive.  Each time the swords echoed a clank around the large room, the High Priest laughed in a victory chuckle.
It had only been a few seconds that lasted forever for Arphaxad, who had now abandoned his mission to kill the High Priest.  He also left his initial inclination to fence with the attacking god that kept following another blocked swing with a next swing.
(CLANG!  "Ha ha ha ha hah!")
The soon-to-be-slain Child of Dol began a retreat out the door with a realization that it fought some computerized quanta-optic-nanocode entity.  Arphaxad took off running once he fought his way to the other side of the doorway.  The god Ei continued running after Arphaxad with a swinging sword. 
The holographic god ran down the street after the retreating Child of Dol.  Citizens in the City of Ei turned their heads toward the spectacle running down their streets.  Ei's three-legged trot seemed faster than three Nephrican legs could run, but Arphaxad had become determined to outrun the god.
The High Priest just laughed a bit more from the door to the arena and then called out in quotes from ancient scripture.  "And it shall come to pass that the god Ei Himself shall bringeth in the Age of Ei while chasing away children of vicious swords.  When thou doth see this sign, then know that the age of many gods is at an end, thus chased away by the one god Ei."
*          *          *
Po existed from the star Oa in the Nephaprican star cluster within three light-years.   Po shined on the side closer to the star Ea where the one-eyed Nephricans first evolved.  For that reason, it became considered to be in the domain belonging to the more covetous Nephricans even though Pripicans had also traveled there to set up colonies.  There had been more than enough space for everybody around the star Po where two habitable-zone planets, both a bit larger than Earth, had already been waiting with various unintelligent plant and animal life.  Both worlds thrived in the pristine paradises with nature that only the hand from intelligent life could spoil.
Both habitable planets, Po-2 and Po-3, were profoundly split into Nephrican or Pripican colonies populated by those who already knew better than relying on the other species of alien colonist for anything.  On the inner planet thrived a city built by Pripican architects with ancient earthmoving technologies that erected structures that would challenge the ages to come as immortal.  About these elaborate stone foundation structures swarmed the advanced architecture and culture spectacle that gathered with a dazzling wonder all its own.
Bejizl, a BEAT program, lived in that city on Po-2, free from any master.  However, it established a quantum communication with the planet Pripica to assist Pripicans that lived on Po-2.  Bejizl had always been aware of the Nephrican side's hatred in the faraway colony world.  That led to quantum-communication acquaintances like Beatersius on Oa-3. 
The elaborate nanobot body for Bejizl had a quantum communication with Beatersius on the microscopic level to existence.  Beatersius looked like a protozoan that evolved black spikes, which resembled the quanta-nanocode viruses it had been at war with over the years.  Those black spikes were a recent evolution on the Beatersius body since it had last battled them.
Bejizl replied to the news it had just heard.  "You do not surprise me with this news that Nephricans are attacking Pripican civilization with microscopic techno-viruses.  I learned long ago that those arrogant aliens will stoop to anything they can get away with to advance their selfish agendas."
Beatersius appeared as a hologram deep within the coin-shaped physical form owned by Bejizl, equipped with the latest microscopic quantum-communication equipment made by Beatarkameed's Quantum-Communications of Nephrica. "I have shared everything with you, my friend, that I have learned about defeating them.  I am afraid we have a virus war to fight as a civil war in our galactic empire.  Remember they like to infect as bank deposits with counterfeit funds at first."
The nanobot programs were perfectly still as the quantum communication lag time went by.  "I shall act upon this knowledge, my friend."
After the communication became over, Bejizl quickly did act upon the information.  There were some limits on the coin-shaped physical form due to its large size and physical nature.  Still, when a quanta-nanocode entity leaves its physical form, it can fly almost at speed approaching light, and very few multi-cellular constructions can restrict that flight.  They can produce various electromagnetic effects and kinetic abilities that they can use to control any mechanical technology piece thousands of times more effective than any quanta-nanocode virus.  Still, unlike the few and far between quanta-nanocode entities, the viruses could attack as legion.
Bejizl located, just as Beatersius described, three quanta-nanocode virus infections in the three main branches for the three Pripican banks on the planet.  Thanks to the information from Beatersius, the central viruses didn't even see their quarantine coming.  Then Bejizl deleted the viruses and began to prepare for the virus war that had now reached the planet Po.
*         *          *
Captain Meathproio's ship, the For Fedorio, finally decelerated to a stop near a Fedor star's hydrogen-rich gas giant that had modern processing facilities that were waiting for his spaceship to refuel.  Hydrogen-based fuels were manufactured at this gas giant planet orbiting Fedor for shipment to colonies all across the empire.  The ship nestled against a refueling plant that enclosed the reactor section on the spacecraft as if it got made for it.
Captain Meathproio had been in his Captain's seat to observe firsthand the exponential speed for the deceleration that brought the ship to a stop.  The Captain believed he could see the curvature to time and space in the starry fingerprint Magphoreus sprayed across his view screen.  He saw how it affected the randomness in the warp hyperspace cycles of time experienced at incredible speeds, which defied accurately calculating how long a journey would seem to take.  A time/space curvature factor varied how one experienced atomic clock ship cycles at speed-of-light travel.  A trip that took three years on this side of relativity time/space may be anywhere from 5 to 50 weeks in atomic clock ship cycles on a warp-space hyper-acceleration faster-than-light journey.
"Captain Meathproio, the BEAT program in charge over Fedor-4, Beatargasyl has made contact and seeks to meet with thee."
Captain Meathproio seemed to have awakened with a started jolt from his meditation by the speaker's announcement, like a fireman hearing an alarm bell.  "Excellent, First Mate, we shall prepare for this reunion."
*
The coin that had been the physical form for Beatargasyl flew next to Meathproio as they arrived at the BEAT program's central control.  Over the centuries, Beatargasyl's BEAT program abilities had proven invaluable to the struggling Doldorian colonists on Fedor-4. 
The star Fedor became well established on the Doldorian side to the star cluster, so there were no colonies exclusively segregated to any particular alien species, but just a dominant Doldorian population living peacefully with every other Nephaprican species.  Beatargasyl had been a colony city manager that kept numbers and streetlights on the newly terraformed Fedor-4 working.
"I already got the data downloaded from your ship regarding the virus cargo Captain Meathproio.  Beatoogle has had me on this problem long before your starship finally arrived here at Fedor.  Your ship at Doldoria from a starship coming directly from the planet Nephrica received that cargo.  My investigation has found that it was put on the ship at Nephrica by an organization called Quantum-Plus, a subsidiary of the Quantum-Communication business.”  The coin-shaped physical form for Beatargasyl hovered about the completely black Doldorian eyes on Captain Meathproio as if trying to read his reactions that hid behind eyes just black on an exoskeleton face.
The hovering coin-shaped Beatargasyl continued.  "I pursued the assumption that the documentation presented to me was false and found there was no real subsidiary company with that name at Quantum-Communications.  Certain influential individuals on that planet fabricated the incorrect data.  I had to crack classified documentation that connected them with abandoned investigations into a secret group called the Council of 32.  Do you Captain Meathproio have any knowledge about the Council of 32?"
Captain Meathproio shook his head at the hovering coin in the almost universal signal for no.  "No.  I've never heard of a group called the Council of 32."
"Try to think, Captain.  They are deliberately starting an intergalactic virus war.  But they are elusive actors acknowledged by no known sovereignty to evade direct military confrontation.  Are you sure you've never heard about the Council of 32?"

Chapter 10

The legendary planet Pripica had at this story’s time devolved to a large degree into the faded shadow to its previous glory.  Pripicans were still mostly virtuous and environmentally in touch with the planet.  Unfortunately, a majority had invested their egocentric warp dimensional fantasies in living like gods in their artificial realities.  Fewer Pripicans would appear on the streets to indulge their preferred pastime exercising four strong horse-like legs like proud stallions.  Those who appeared on the roads were usually looking for some financial fix that would let them return to the warp dimension business.  A single Pripican trotted down its ancient stone surface on one particular street.  He went to just such a financial fix.
He entered one restaurant business that still hung on to serve any Pripican living in reality, where hunger, longing, pain, and poverty existed.  Inside he went to the only occupied table in the restaurant, where a one-eyed Nephrican stood at a table. 
Pripicans at this establishment didn’t use chairs, and they ate at tables standing up.  The Nephrican happened to be an Agent of Ea whose snout brain very much enjoyed the Pripican meal at the table.
“Welcome.  You the one to the deposit for our organization make must be.  Whatever you like to eat order.”
The Pripican stood at the table.  “Thank you, sir.  Your organization hired me, and they told me I just had to deposit in my name something in the Twenty-Second Bank of Pripica.  It does seem too easy to be true.”
The Nephrican slid a bank deposit cartridge on the table towards the Pripican. 
“This the deposit that more than enough credits to your for years in warp dimensional indulgence pay includes is.”
The Pripican looked at the deposit cartridge that displayed the credit value on its side, and he did not attempt to hide greed for that much money, which he would sell his soul for the time it purchased in warp dimensional fantasies.  “Yes, I will deposit this as instructed.  It just all seems too easy to be true.”  He grabbed the cartridge with a speed that made the Nephrican anticipate that the four-legged creature would run out the door.
When the Pripican just put the cartridge in a pocket on his side between his front and back legs, the Nephrican continued to explain.  “We a native Pripican to this transaction to interest in our Nephrican organization evade do need.”
The Pripican thanked the Nephrican Agent of Ea for the job even though he had not been sure he understood what the Nephrican said.  He still did not understand how this bank deposit puts any money in the organization’s tentacles if he gets to keep all the money he deposits. 
He did not care since it was more money than he could ever earn, which he could use for a warp dimension fix that would last for years.  He had been a Negolim who would probably never travel the hyper-acceleration speed that would evolve his DNA into an Eagolim.  The hyper-acceleration mutation at .6 times the rate for lightspeed became a coveted secret kept from Negolim in this story.  This terrestrial Pripican just wanted to disappear into a myopic singularity with his own wildest dreams.  He trotted off while other Agents of Ea followed him to make sure he deposited the money as instructed.
*
Aineemadin had talked Hermental into allowing her to participate in the raid on the Agents of Ea hideout, where the deadly quanta-nanocode virus cargo had been located by picking up on the central virus radio signal.  It had been Beatersius on Oa-3 who quanta-communicated them the information about the unique radio language.  Also not known to anyone on Pripica had been that this radio language also happened to be the primary language for the microscopic Calebites.
Hermental did not protest very much at Aineemadin’s request to tag along.  He knew her from centuries ago and valued the expertise and experience she brought to the raid.  “So you say you have had encounters with these Agents of Ea back on Glokodox?  What do you know about them?”
Aineemadin had been very familiar with the Agents of Ea.  “They the organization that me off the planet ran are.  They a sinister terrorist organization with ties to the highest places in the Glokodox government are.  They directly subordinate to an elite and powerful secret organization the Council of 32 known as are.”
Hermental had never heard about a Council of 32.  “What can you tell me about this Council of 32?”
“They powerful are.  The Council around long before I charge over the satellite project above Doldoria took was.  They holograms for the god Ei long before I, as a goddess on that planet, started posing were projecting.  The Council of 32 to the planet’s many religions into just one that they can control homogenize intends.”  At the time, the Nephrican satellite project had been no secret in Nephapricus.  Even the Doldorians knew that the satellite-projected goddess was a Nephrican woman on the planet Glokodox.  Yet, many Doldorians still worshiped and prayed to her with reverence despite all that.
Hermental no longer had time for more questions as the raid on the culprit’s hideout had begun.  “Just stay here, Aineemadin, while this team of experts apprehends these Agents of Ea.”
There had been no knock except to knock down the door in the early morning hours before the sun named Poa appeared to herald the day.  They had reinforced the door, which only made the four-legged furry Pripican with the door ram mechanism slam against it again with more determined force.  Before sleeping Agents could wake up, authorities with weapons inside put them in shackles.
As the hideout in the reclusive forests on Pripica became filled with Pripican authorities, one Agent of Ea found his way through the back door to escape unnoticed, evidently thanks to an inattentive guard.  This kind of interference became a big problem on Pripica during this story when the endemic corruption interfered with almost every police action.
*
Bejulitiah flew into the raid without any physical form.  It had been briefed about the radio language and had been able to tune in to find the central viruses that got primarily located in individual bank deposit cartridges.  The viruses became aware of Bejulitiah as it flew closer to the central quanta-nanocode construct.  It had been like nothing Bejulitiah had ever seen before, and suddenly black spikes with quanta-nanocode constructions were multiplying between the central construct and Bejulitiah’s glowing nanobot form.  They stabbed viciously at the BEAT program like an animal mother defending her cubs.
The black spikes were multiplying all around Bejulitiah, threatening to encase it in the surrounding black death.  Then Bejulitiah shot right through the encroaching black blades, right at the central source for the nanocode commands.  It dismantled the primary virus to silence the radio language, and then the black spikes stopped multiplying.  The black quanta-nanocode toothpicks piled everywhere were then just lifeless, like sharp debris piles in a landfill.  Bejulitiah flew above it all to tune into several dozen other signal sources that needed dismantling.  It all took a few minutes after the first victory, and soon all the quanta-nanocode cargo found at the hideout became neutralized by Bejulitiah.
*
The metallic centaur-like robot physical Beatnefthes form stomped to and fro about the room while waiting for the quanta-optic-nanocode constructs to return with those kids that saw it kill its master Mollyjaz.  Beatnefthes became consumed with guilt, or more accurately, it worried about being convicted and losing the warp dimension empire it had inherited from its dead master.  The concern taunted it with a master program that it violated, which now throbbed within like a painful scab.  The revelation that meddlesome kids had recorded its Mollyjaz murder suddenly pulled off that scab.
As it paced, it ran the problem caused by those kids through its processor repeatedly.  That process made it decide not to kill these witnesses because now it needed to know all they knew.  How many recordings for the event exist?  Who else have they told?  Question after question kept Beatnefthes waiting with impatience with the conclusions that did not comfort.
Meanwhile, the humanoid Perzeonaut hung out with his friends Persuave and Egolor.  Egolor sat at his usual position in front of his computer.  It had usually been Egolor’s house where they met, and Perzeonaut had been sleeping there with Egolor since he was homeless. 
Egolor had started the cadence to the song they were singing.  Pripicans were notorious for their improvisational music, and they had rich musical traditions that had touched their genetic character.
“Take me back from the starship.
I’m all alone amongst the stars.
I don’t even like this trip.
I’d rather just be in bars.
Oh, row me on back.
Oh, row me on back.
Oh row me oh row me oh
row me on back.
Take me all back to my home.
I’ve spent too much time away.
I don’t care if I’m alone.
Home is where I want to stay.
Oh, row me on back.
Oh, row me on back.
Oh row me oh row me oh
row me on back.
This starship takes me far off
away from my own planet.
I think I have had enough.
I did not this way plan it.
Oh, row me on back.
Oh, row me on back.
Oh row me oh row me ooohhhhhhhh
row me on back.
Oh take me off this starship.
This place is not really ours. … “
Suddenly an alarm came up on Egolor’s computer to interrupt the music they were singing together.  Egolor yelled out.  “That’s my intruder alarm tracking three two-legged individuals that just broke through my front door.  Quick!  There is that hiding place inside the closet!”
Persuave made it into the closet before intruders suddenly broke into the bedroom.  Persuave knew all about the closet wall that moved, and he shut it just in time.  He hid away but could hear every smack and crash during the struggle outside the closet between the friends left behind and the intruders.  For a moment, he stood still in frozen horror as the closet door opened and one assailant looked inside the closet for the missing kid.
They were quanta-optic-nanocode hologram programs that the warp dimension businesses perfected to the point it used them like robot employees and populated warp reality fantasies with this sophisticated technology that imitated actual life forms.  They were semi-intelligent holograms that could emulate solidity, which they used to carry off the two kids they did find at that location.
They returned to Beatnefthes, who became angry that they only brought back two from among the three.  “Leave these two here and go back and find the other one still missing.”
The holograms departed while Egolor and Perzeonaut were helpless in the same virtual particle suspension fields used to hold Aineemadin back when she got captured.  The metal Pripican-shaped robot paced the floor before the captured kids, making a loud metallic stomping noise on the floor it walked.  “You will tell me everything you have learned by your spying on me over the years.  Yes, that is correct.  I have learned what you kids have been doing here outside my direct awareness.”
Perzeonaut spoke with an innocent kid voice that he had perfected over the years.  “We do not know anything.  Really!  We were just fooling around.”
Beatnefthes stopped the boy.  “Do not think you can lie to me about what you know?  I have your computer now, Egolor.  I want all the recordings you have made with me and this business.  You will suffer if you do not comply with honesty to my requests.”
*
Hermental walked about the hideout where the Agents of Ea now got shackled in the corner.  “We already know we should have apprehended five of you at this location.  Now, where is the other one of you?”
The prisoners all scoffed, and one spoke up.  “You never us all stop will.  Your planet ours soon will be.”
Suddenly the limp body for a Nephrican flung from the front doorway into the hideout to slap against the floor like a dead fish.  Then Aineemadin entered through the door.  “I that I now inside since all culprits now apprehended are come can am assuming.”
Hermental laughed.  “I did not want you deprived of some of this action, my friend.”
Aineemadin smiled with gratefulness in her eye that advertised that she felt genuinely refreshed by taking out the one that tried to get away.  “So we all the virus cargo neutralized have?”
The Bejulitiah voice from a hovering physical form said, “We have neutralized all that we have found here, but that is all I can say at this time with certainty.  These quanta-nanocode viruses were getting split up into several dozen bank deposit cartridges.  We cannot be sure we got to these before any were taken to a bank and deposited.”
Aineemadin just still looked at Hermental.  She had been different than most one-eyed Nephrican-born aliens since she did find humanoid Eagolim attractive.  She admired the furry humanoid form to Hermental’s 2nd Generation Eagolim species with lust that, for her, always seemed to follow events like an aggressive law enforcement raid on dangerous criminals. 
Then her portable computer device signaled a call from a boy that rescued her from Beatnefthes.  It had been the Pripican named Persuave on the screen she held in her tentacle hand.  “You have to help us, lady.  Egolor and Perzeonaut have been captured and taken away by quanta-optic-nanocode constructs sent by Beatnefthes.  I was able to hide away before they got me.  Please, you have to help us!”
*
Hermental had quickly organized another raid after surveillance video confirmed that those kids got taken to the warp dimension business where Beatnefthes ran its empire.  They already had the incriminating evidence for the Mollyjaz murder, and prosecutors were working on a case.  The raid had been quick, and Bejulitiah flew in to confront the renegade quanta-nanocode entity.  It flew ahead to find the robot inside the known prison room interrogating the two kids suspended in virtual particle fields.  Bejulitiah flew into a cranny on the centaur-like robot to locate Beatnefthes inside, controlling the robot from within the mechanical frame.
“You must cease and surrender yourself, Beatnefthes, to the justice from the authorities for your crimes against the Pripicans.”  Bejulitiah seemed to expect a perfectly logical and reasonable BEAT program to be willing to come along quietly.  The response had caught it off guard.
Beatnefthes glowed extra bright while saying, “I will not get taken by any sentient organic life form that is my inferior!”  Then an electromagnetic energy blast shot at Bejulitiah to destroy the tiny BEAT program as it had never got clobbered before.  The lifeless nanobot body for Bejulitiah spewed out from the robot’s mouth.  Then the authorities in the raid confronted the robot.
“You will not take me.  I run this corporation!”  The robot had been defiant.  Then one authority in the raid shot the four-legged two-armed robot with an electromagnetic net that incapacitated the physical form for Beatnefthes with electromagnetic overload.
Aineemadin and Hermental entered the scene where the Beatnefthes body jittered with epileptic seizures beneath the net that glowed with a power that could trap a BEAT program within.
“It looks like we have at least freed the kids.  Bejulitiah!  What is your status?”  Hermental had a device in his ear in constant contact with his BEAT program.
“I have incapacitated Beatnefthes master.  I will be delivering its nanobot body to you soon.”
It had been a perfectly executed raid, and the tiny nanobot criminal, Beatnefthes, had been turned off.  The kids returned to their lives while Aineemadin and Hermental continued to catch up with old times.  “It my work is done seems.”
“So, what are your plans now, Aineemadin?”
“Well, I still not back to Glokodox because of the Council of 32 go can.  So I’ll just here stay will guess, and Pripica enjoy.”

Beatnefthes Captures Hermental and Aineemadin

Meanwhile, Beatnefthes watched Aineemadin and Hermental, who it had cleverly lured into a warp dimension during the raid along with conveniently depositing the kids into that same reality.  It now had the authorities who came after it ultimately tricked into thinking they succeeded when they were now the prisoners for Beatnefthes in its warp dimensional alternate reality business.  Beatnefthes laughed out loud at the way it now turned the tables.  “Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!”
*          *          *
On Doldoria, the quanta-nanocode virus attacks that followed the Cherder reactor explosion had now shut down most technologies in the City of Arkadius, and the rest on the planet suffered similar malfunctions.  In contrast, the Ralusio Xnogaio reactors again threatened the world with meltdowns.  Then the Children of Dol activated the portal matrix to allow microscopic Calebites to pass through from Caleb.  They came as life-sized humanoid constructs that shook hands with Arphaxad and the Children of Dol, who were waiting on the other side of the portal.
After that excellent wormhole crossing, there were many courageous battles between Calebite and the quanta-nanocode virus.  The Calebites spoke the same radio language the central viruses spoke to command legions of self-replicating viruses.  Something the Calebites still did not know about this language was it had also been capable of disturbing the Ralus Xnoga dreams.
*
Back on the planet Caleb, Beatariel examined the quanta-nanocode virus captured by Calebax, who finally visited the Citadel to meet the Calebite species that survived the earlier destruction to the world from within the sanctuary. 
The nanobot Beatariel body hovered over the turned-off quanta-nanocode carcass.  Beatariel comprehended the arrangements for quantum-bit molecules, which recorded data in various quantum states exhibited.  The BEAT program became fascinated.  The virus had anatomy similar to the Calebites.  That led to the possibility the creators of these viruses knew about the silicon-based life forms on this planet. 
That explained the identical language beyond any contradictory theory.  It also noticed a stunning similarity in the anatomy to its BEAT makeup, indicating the viruses probably got created through a cloning process similar to what made Beatariel.
Beatariel became startled from its examination by the booming voice from Ceres roaring across the skies like the voice from god above in the macrocosmic dimension for existence.  "Beatariel!  Where are you?  You said you wanted to talk."
The quanta-optic-nanocode Wizard wearing his star robe appeared instantly in the room with Ceres as Beatariel decided it had been time to ask Ceres for permission to leave the planet.
"Hello, Ceres.  I was examining the virus brought here by Calebax, who can hear the radio frequency used by these viruses.  I have discovered similarities in their anatomies with the Calebites themselves."
Ceres knew this had not been why Beatariel summoned her.  "That is very interesting.  I still need to interrogate the Agent of Ea we apprehended.  Why did you want to talk, Beatariel?"
"Well, as you know, I have been close to a way to isolate the singularity into a warp dimension outside this universe.  Already wormhole technology is getting distributed to every cluster star of our empire to provide energy for that task."
Ceres suddenly felt proud of her BEAT program.  "I am impressed with this progress, and so are the Pripican authorities I report to."
"Well, you see, to proceed at maximum speed, I, as one not yet fully synchronized to a portal, need to take some star-doors to the other stars in this cluster."
"You're asking to leave the planet?"
Beatariel responded.  "Yes, I need to travel on to Poa, then Koa, Paz, Pea, Tze, and Tze-Doldus."
"I am supposed to keep you here till this gets resolved.  Journeys to all those stars will take years."
"The Calebite Wizard and Begalius as Windock also travel to the remaining stars in Nephapricus.  It is the way to solve this impossible problem, Ceres, finally."
Ceres had just grown tired from all the responsibilities.  "I understand, Beatariel.  In truth, I have become weary from being your master and roaming about this Citadel a prisoner to this responsibility.  So fine then.  Travel on to the stars, but I shall be with you on the journey to Poa, where my homeworld Pripica awaits me.  There I shall find you a new master to share this burden with you."
Beatariel expected this to be a lot harder than it had been.  "Very well then, master.  Thank you."
"Thank you, Beatariel.  It has been indeed a strange journey as your master throughout the centuries."
Ceres left, feeling some relief from the impossible mission to stop an inevitable black hole from forming to replace the star Yat that shined like the sun over the landscape covering the planet Caleb.  Ceres had one more duty to perform as she sped away from the Citadel in a flying vehicle to park at the police station holding the Agent of Ea, who they know planted a virus.
Inside, she got allowed her turn to interrogate the criminal who didn't fear to let them all know they were doomed.  They got told they would soon be at the mercy to face more quanta-nanocode virus attacks sent to every star in the empire except Ea, where the new conquest over Nephapricus would begin.
After Ceres had heard enough, she returned to the Citadel to report once again to the authorities on Pripica.  Beneath the quantum-communication device, another female Pripican with 4-legs stood in the room to hear her report.  She began to tell them about Beatariel's new plan to travel there and about her plans to retire from this responsibility as the master over an insanely brilliant BEAT program.
*          *          *
Back on the planet Doldoria, the Calebite armies had delivered victory after victory against the quanta-nanocode viruses.  The City of Arkadius returned to functionality thanks to the microscopic troops.  Despite the successes over the quanta-nanocode virus infections, many Negolim still flocked to the god Ei to comfort their fears.  More and more Doldorians invested their hopes in the glorious coming Age of Ei.
In the City of Ei, many thousand Doldorians gathered at an outdoor Ei Amphitheater where the High Priest appeared to address the masses.  "With truth doth the ways of Ei shine ever brighter till the dawning age that doth touch us from our dreams about a better world.  With truth doth I nurture the stomach with thy sense through thy ears.  Yea wise are ye to gather here to witness the god Ei."
Then the High Priest seemed to step away from the stage, but he moved aside to make way for the god Ei's appearance.  "Behold the god over the new-age yet to come.  Behold thy one true god Ei!"
Right on cue, there suddenly appeared a giant one-eyed Nephrican on the stage beside the High Priest whose height came up to about where the god's three tentacle legs came out from the skin-cloth skirt around the god's Nephrican waist.  The crowd watched in mesmerized awe as if they were a Doldorian bunch that had never seen a god before or something.  The god Ei instructed the masses on the Ei ways, including a distinctive Nephrican dialect.  "In the dawning Age of Ei, all other gods to the one true god shall bow.  In the dawning age, all Doldorians shall …."
Meanwhile, just outside the arena, two Doldorian scientists from the Mejoldor faith hovered over a computer equipment piece that monitored the source for the Ei hologram getting projected from outer space. 
One scientist raised a phone-like device to call the Children of Dol leader.  "Arphaxad!  We have procured an accurate fix on the satellite location from whence the Ei hologram is thus being projected."
Arphaxad, at that time, stood in a starship above the planet where triangulated coordinates for the location appeared on his view screen.  "This is all very good then, Mejoldor scientists.  Do stay at my invitation for the climax to this pompous show for a god."
The scientist's voice came across the ship speaker from the planet below. 
"Verily courageous leader.  We doth await thy rematch with the virtual god from projected quanta-optic-nanocode."
Nahor navigated the ship in orbit above the planet.  "Thou must now be tasting the vengeance for this god's humiliation of you from before.  Thou doth honor the great god Captain Mynervood who did during his time on Doldoria destroy many a similar mischievous satellite to the gods."
Arphaxad almost didn't outrun the god Ei who ran a quanta-optic-nanocode sword through him back when he tried to serve the justice with his sword to the High Priest.  "Tis a more profound vengeance I doth serve upon this Priest who seizes opportunity from a hardship I doth believe he had his hands in causing."
Nahor seemed to enjoy stoking his leader's righteous anger.  "You doth accuse the Ei High Priest concerning the explosion at the Cherder reactor?"
"Verily, I believe this with little doubt—my vengeance doth strike for spirits that now doth walk the crater not finding refuge from a tomb.  Even now, the Cherder area suffers terrible cold, and the sea near there doth suffer thus to deliver mass die-offs of sea life to the shores.  My vengeance doth indeed hunger for a target to strike."
Nahor changed the view screen image to zoom with stealth programs on the broadcast satellite.  "Good fortune to this hunt, Arphaxad.  There, on the view screen is the source for the broadcast hologram god."
"Then I shall be gained a rematch on mine own terms this day.  Fire!"
Nahor zeroed in on the target and fired two missiles at the satellite that responded in a spectacular explosion above the planet.
Meanwhile, on the ground, thousands that were marveling at the giant alien god vision were suddenly a crowd murmuring at the blinking hologram that started turning into a fuzzy reception, which eventually blinked out entirely. 
Then the god Ei was gone, literally shot out from the sky.
*          *          *
Over four light-years from Pripica shined the star Paz on the Pripican side in the 15-star cluster that had been Nephapricus.  This star was the second star reached by space-traveling Pripicans after first reaching Holdus to colonize that star system with Nephricans.  Space travel had been new back then, and the Nephricans had not yet started the Great War, which had set back the spread for intelligent life to other stars in the closely packed cluster for centuries.  Paz had been a fortunate find for Pripicans.  The second planet from Paz already thrived with un-intelligent habitable zone life that enjoyed the breathable atmosphere long before any Pripicans ever arrived.
The dominant life forms on the very warm Earth-sized Paz-2 were cold-blooded reptilian animals similar to dinosaurs; only they were collectively much smaller in general.  Early colonists were fortunate to enjoy the breathable atmosphere with slightly lighter gravity.  Still, the true challenge with living on Paz-2 had been the untamed animal life that fought the early colonists for whatever territory they ever tried to build on a civilization.
The Pripicans living on Paz-2 built the city of Sochaca at a high cost to the early colonists' lives.  On Paz-2, the chosen location for Sochaca had encroached on the territory to a sizeable elephant-sized animal called the Ganechay, which had tentacles growing off their ears that served as solid elephant trunk-like arms.  The Ganechay had gathered into great armies made up from other clans for the same animal responding to the cries from the invaded animal clans.  At that time, the early City of Sochaca had been reduced to ruins by the attacking Ganechay armies that laid waste to colonists and their homes with surprisingly intelligent military-like operations and strategic attacks.  More vicious fighting ensued with reinforced colonists, and now the nights were haunted by cries from Ganechay, who were mourning their dead.
At this story's time, the eventual victory for colonists became maintained by a wall around the modern City of Sochaca, keeping the unspoken truce.  The decimated Ganechay now co-existed with a new respect for the furry, warm-blooded intelligent animals living on their planet in the city.
The City of Sochaca, at this story's time, had benefited from a curious BEAT program named Beataquatle, who took to the stars long ago, after the death to its master had left it free from the master program installed in all BEAT programs for control's sake.  Beataquatle responded to the call to rebuild the City of Sochaca and nonetheless still felt compelled by a programmed desire to be helpful or serve a noble purpose.  Today the city stayed fully functional thanks to the skills from Beataquatle, who had been happy to belong somewhere.  That had been the nature of the BEAT programs that Pripican scientists created after discovering the storage capabilities in the quantum states for atoms when they arranged them into quantum-bit molecules.  The city thrived on the habitable planet in the Pripican Nephapricus outback. 
Then a ship arrived to deliver a quanta-nanocode virus cargo deposited in the 2nd Pripican Colonial Bank of Sochaca.  It replicated and dug roots into the city's infrastructure to learn vulnerabilities and send replicas out in attack mode.  Beataquatle did not notice anything about this until the surprise attack on the gates to the city.  That had been when Beataquatle saw that the gates were opened entirely to the encroaching savage nature outside that viciously spread out in a constant war for territorial dominance.  The BEAT program had complete control over such city functions up to that point, but when it tried to close a gate, it just stayed open.  Beataquatle tried to close another gate, and that one just remained open too.  Soon it discovered that all the gates along the wall surrounding Sochaca were agape, and none could be closed.  It became time for Beataquatle to sound the alarm.
It contacted the leader for Sochaca. "Sir, every single gate to this city has been opened by some overriding program, and I am unable to close them."
For the same reason, the leader had been about to contact Beataquatle to find out what had happened.  He stood on his four Pripican legs to talk into the communication device at his desk. 
"We have noticed the opening to the gates, and this is completely unauthorized.  This occurrence is some attack, Beataquatle, and you may be the only one that can figure out the nature of this attack."
"I will try to find out what is stopping the gates from closing, sir."
"I wish you a favorable outcome, Beataquatle.  It will not be long before the Ganechay notice these gates and gather armies for another attack, which these open gates invite.  Already we can hear the calls from Ganechay for gathering armies from over the walls."
*          *          *
The Calebite Wizard had returned through the portal matrix that became the end of a wormhole from Caleb to Glokodox.  The Wizard returned with fewer star-door seeds in his warp dimensional storage.  He sat at a table perfectly still, seemingly alone in the room with the portal matrix. 
The Wizard said goodbye to the portal's guardian quanta-nanocode entity named Beatopanga, who had been within the Wizard's skull in the presence of Calebite brain constructs.  The body for the Wizard just sat at the table, looking off into the distance.
The Calebites that made up the body for the paralyzed Wizard were busy within, translating the data confiscated from the Glokodox Agents of Ea who had tried to kill the Wizard.  They were learning about the life form called Ralus Xnoga.
Beatopanga had heard about Ralus Xnoga. "It is some super-intelligent alien entity that has made contact with an exclusive and secret club with 32 Nephricans on the planet Nephrica.  That is the meaning behind the name Council of 32."
Calebite brain constructs discussed this data with Beatopanga through an air-breathing mouth formed to make an audible language for the BEAT program.  They watched translated output on microscopic video technology that hummed away between the Wizard's ears.  "Those Agents of Ea tried to kill us because we posed some kind of danger to this Ralus Xnoga entity."
Further examination of the data revealed the danger posed by the Calebites.  At this time, the Nephaprican Space Corporation mass-produced faster-than-light spacecraft to advance space travel beyond the .6 times the speed for light craft from the earlier hyper-acceleration age.  The difference between the .6 times the speed-of-light craft and the newer warp-fusion faster-than-light craft had been a peculiar effect slower spacecraft had on terrestrial DNA.  The slower speed would cause the activation of DNA switches known as Pentanthropomorphic gene switches due to the two-leg, two-armed, five-finger mutations in their resulting offspring that would be born humanoid.  The newer, faster craft shifted the spacecraft to a warp dimension that made the passengers immune to this effect.  Due to all this, fewer Negolim were evolving into Eagolim and more and more alien Negolim that were traveling to other planets but remaining still just Negolim.  The secret to switching on Pentanthropomorphic gene switches was a carefully kept secret for the elite few.
The Wizard and Beatopanga learned a lot about Ralus Xnoga from the data.  Beatopanga had been the first to comprehend the implications from a project called 'Hyper Acceleration Effects On Radio Frequency Languages.'  "They have learned what would happen if Calebites evolved by traveling at .6 times the speed for light."
The Calebite constructs within the Wizard's brain were unanimously intrigued. 
"I see,” said one in an audible language for Beatopanga.
Beatopanga said, "Not only would individual Calebites live longer lives exponentially, but the radio language that already can cause affliction to the entity, would evolve to have psionic effects on those under the influence from the entity Ralus Xnoga."
The collective Calebites that served as the mind to the Wizard poured into this data's details.  The Wizard's mind had already concluded that the 2.1 light-year journey from Glokodox to the planet Nephrica was going to be at .6 times the speed for light.
Eventually, Beatopanga flew out from the Wizard's skull to become the quanta-optic-nanocode entity that resembled a female Nephrican. "I will contact my friend Beatarkameed who likes to look like a Pripican.  It could become that star's star-door BEAT program guardian, and it can meet you when you arrive at Nephrica."
The Wizard finally moved.  "I have heard about Beatarkameed.  Beatariel had been a close friend to it for many years.  Beatariel says it has not been acting normal lately."
There was also a quantum-communicator in the room about the same size as the portal matrix.  After Beatopanga entered the coordinates for Nephrica, they were soon looking at the Pripican Beatarkameed form, which it had programmed into its communication device on Nephrica as a holographic image for itself to use in interplanetary communications.  "Beatopanga?!  I have not heard from you for a long time now.  Much has changed since our last communication.  You appear to be a full-sized Nephrican.  Perhaps you have some hologram technology similar to me or something?"
Beatarkameed stopped to wait for Beatopanga to reply.  It spoke with the female Nephrican mouth in a dialect that sounded nothing like an actual Nephrican. "I had become broken by criminals on this planet.  I got rescued by Beatariel's Wizard here, who is much more than he appears.”  The Wizard then stepped within the visual range for the communication device and made a friendly smile at Beatarkameed.  Beatopanga continued.  "This is a quanta-optic-nanocode body that is synchronized to me, which is my new physical form thanks to this Wizard's spell.  This hologram for me can imitate solidity."
Beatarkameed got told about the Wizard's mission to plant the star-door seeds within BEAT programs at each planetary system for the 15 stars in Nephapricus.  It had learned much about this already from Beatariel and Begalius and from spying on their activities between dimensions.
Beatarkameed seemed indifferent about the idea.  "I do not think I will be here by the time you arrive from your space flight journey to here.  I am involved in another project for the quanta-nanocode virus wars that have already attacked Pripica.  That makes Pripica easy prey for the warship attack fleet I am amassing to the glory for my master Ralus Xnoga!  When I have conquered Pripica, I may just stay there to rule that planet."
Beatopanga and the Wizard then learned Beatarkameed had already heard about Ralus Xnoga.  It also had become as loyal to the entity as any number from the actual 32 in the Council of 32.  They were left uneasy by the response from Beatarkameed, which led to ending that communication.
"Beatarkameed did not seem its normal self,” said Beatopanga.
"I will travel there and try to find Beatarkameed to bring it back to its normal self,” replied the Wizard.  "It is one among Beatariel's closest friends and must be under the influence from this Ralus Xnoga creature."
Beatopanga saw it became time to say goodbye to the Wizard.  "I wish you the best of luck in your endeavors, my friend."
*
Beatopanga accompanied the Wizard to the spaceport to find .6 times lightspeed vessel to journey from Glokodox to Nephrica.  They met the one-eyed Nephrican Captain Nuropdoob in the spaceport lounge facilities, where many independent ship owners hung out while waiting for some business to arrive.  This location had been where someone could make custom space flight arrangements. 
Captain Nuropdoob immediately noticed the famous Wizard.  "To Glokodox great Wizard of Caleb Welcome.  Nuropdoob, my name is.  I a .6 hyper-acceleration vessel own.  It true what some about those kinds of flights say is.  No Negolim that ever on my ship the Nephricana ever a Negolim again was flew.  I The Nephricana for over three hundred years have been flying."
"Well, I seek to take flight on your vessel."
"On sir hold.  I I a special price from a passenger that the famous Wizard inventor from Caleb is need think.”  Captain Nuropdoob seemed to just like haggling.
Just then, Beatopanga pulled the Wizard aside from his negotiation.  "I have to leave my good friend.  I sense that the portal matrix got moved from where we left it in the hotel."
The Wizard knew this to be their last moment.  "I guess this is goodbye, my friend.  Do not be too disturbed by the portal getting moved.  In your quanta-optic-nanocode form with the portal matrix made with exotic elements, you are virtually indestructible.  You are now the master for the Holdus star-door."
"Goodbye, my friend.  I will retrieve the portal matrix and take it someplace safe."
They embraced, and then the Wizard returned to Captain Nuropdoob.  The ship Captain said, "Your lady friend not to help you with this negotiation going is?  She a deal for you could make.  Haw haw."
The Wizard had all the negotiating currency he needed.  "Captain Nuropdoob, have you ever heard about exotic elements that are indestructible.  I can provide you a small fortune in such things."
*
There had been no stopping the resurrected Beatopanga, and there was no way to hide the portal matrix from it.  Beatopanga changed into its microscopic quanta-nanocode form and went directly to the stolen portal matrix.  The Agents of Ea were beginning to learn that they could not destroy the portal, which they decided needed to get done to their enemy Beatopanga. 
The heat lasers were sparking against the portal matrix made with exotic elements.  One Agent noticed a reading on his handheld device that he pointed out to a fellow Agent.  That Agent pointed an electromagnetic capture device right at the microscopic Beatopanga as it started an attempt to deactivate a laser.  Suddenly Beatopanga found itself once again a prisoner in an electromagnetic prison beam.
The hairless Agents of Ea both clapped their humanoid hands together after so quickly again capturing Beatopanga.  The portal matrix happened to have audio capabilities that Beatopanga still could control.  "You should know that a BEAT program will never fall for the same trick twice."
One Agent retorted.  "To me like you for this twice fell looks.  You mine now BEAT program are."
"Oh yeah?  Well, I now have this trick.”  
Then Beatopanga transformed into its macrocosmic quanta-optic-nanocode form that had been much less affected by the electromagnetic beam.  "Now you are picking on one who is your own size."
The other Agent of Ea had a laser weapon.  It went right through the female Beatopanga Nephrican.
"I control the solidity with this form, and it can also be as hard as I want.”  
Then Beatopanga punched the Agent in the face to crack bone and sent him across the room to lie still on the floor.
The other Agent grabbed a laser pointed at the portal matrix, and swung it at Beatopanga.  The quanta-optic-nanocode Nephrican just stood and let the laser shoot right through, setting the walls behind it on fire.  Beatopanga calculated that the Agent had not been worth its time, and it just shuffled into the doorway for the portal matrix still unaffected by all this abuse.  Then the portal shot up through the ceiling in the research facility that the Agents had taken it to. 
The agents left below were blocking the falling pieces from the ceiling with upraised arms that came down after the portal smashed through it.  It didn't stop going up, and Beatopanga took it into orbit around the planet while the portal matrix morphed back into its original black seed shape.  Beatopanga decided to keep the portal safe in orbit until needed again for the wormhole creation.  Beatopanga now had become at one with this portal matrix.
Each time Beatopanga changed from quanta-nanocode to quanta-optic-nanocode, it took on a form that copied the original header from Beatariel, who had been the only cloned quanta-nanocode entity in existence.  That benefited the synchronicity with the quanta-optic-nanocode body by flipping the duplicated Beatariel header correctly to make the body so that it worked.  When flipped that way, that header happened to match the one for Beatnefthes on Pripica, and for some strange reason caused by quantum synchronicity, it subtly drove Beatnefthes to go even more insane.
*          *          *
Beatersius reported to Pripica on a quantum communication about its unique approach to dismantling central quanta-nanocode viruses by following their unique radio language.  Unfortunately, Beatarkameed on the planet Nephrica, as head in the corporation producing those communications devices, had back doors into many conversations by others using them.  Beatarkameed watched Beatersius warn Pripica about how to combat the very thing making its Pripica invasion possible.  It decided to step up the invasion fleet accumulation by offering jobs to the Negolim that lived desperate lives on reservations on the surface for the planet Nephrica.  Beatarkameed could get all the Negolim it wanted and make them obey it.
*
Also, on the planet Nephrica where Beatarkameed assembled an invasion fleet, the Council of 32 was still trying to summon the long-lost Ralus Xnoga with Nephrican sacrifice.  The Council of 32 had become desperate to hear from their soul-eating entity Ralus Xnoga.  They decided that other than kidnapping Negolim, they needed an Eagolim, which is the entity's preferred choice for a soul.
The Council of 32 got a member from the outer order to join in the task by making him think they were gaining admittance to the inner order by finally becoming worthy for initiation.  The sacrifice with improved quality entered the secret place for the 32 that only the worthy were allowed admittance.  The unsuspecting Eagolim, with excited anticipation, stood as instructed in the center to the black circle on the floor.  He had been hairless and humanoid, wearing a black robe just like the actual 32.  He smiled smugly to himself as one-by-one, the Council of 32 entered the room with the gentle monotone chant of, "Ralus Xnoga.  Ralus Xnoga.  …"
They surrounded the unsuspecting neophyte who just observed with anxiousness about this being his exclusive initiation into the group after all his years of being loyal to the outer order.  He felt in awe to be about to behold the Ralus Xnoga presence in all its glory.  Then they closed in on him while he welcomed their coming group embrace.  He smiled with outstretched arms and eyes barely opened as that embrace became thirty-two knives, each finding a place to stab and draw blood. 
One could hear only the quietest muffled yelp from the sacrifice before blood spread out around the feet for the thirty-two.
The Council began their desperate chant for several minutes uninterrupted.  “Ralus Xnoga.  Ralus Xnoga.  Ralus Xnoga.  Ralus Xnoga.  …”
Then Ralus Xnoga manifested in the 15-star cluster once again.  The chanting with the Eagolim blood worked, and the black sphere entity once again appeared above their devoted Council of 32 heads.  The desperation in the chant then changed to joyful victory before being silenced by the entity's voice. 
Ralus Xnoga had returned to its dream about the phantom matter singularity so close to becoming the entity's child, which could then feed upon 15 closely knit stars colonized with the intelligent souls from Eagolim life.  This reproductive process had been the entity's nature offered such godly respect by the Council of 32. 
When Ralus Xnoga consumed a world, it devoured all time and space that the world ever encompassed.  Nothing, however, had ever been able to leave this universe; therefore, the event horizon phenomenon developed to record that time and space.  This accumulating time and space that recorded on the event horizon on the galaxy's central black hole had somehow evolved over several billion years into the super-intelligence known as Ralus Xnoga.  Now that entity had returned.

Chapter 11

Everything seemed back to normal on Doldoria soon after the Calebites arrived to eradicate the quanta-nanocode virus infections.  The city of Arkadius and technologies in other cities around the planet was back to running as usual, and the danger seemed to have finally got resolved.  The star Dol participated in another glorious morning while Doldorians awoke to go about another typical day in the best possible world imaginable.  Everything was normal in cities where the Ralusio Xnogaio cult built nuclear reactor temples like Riocha.  In Riocha, blue bug-like Doldorians mingling on crowded streets along with blue humanoid Eagolim Doldorian versions, and also the occasional giants, which were four times the Doldorian size that walked these streets in different two, four, and three-legged forms.  They all went about their day in various ways, from transportation with gergo-pulled wagons to salt-water-powered virtual particle-driven flying machines.  This future mixed with the past had been the character to the planet Doldoria, which abruptly got dragged out from a more primitive time to join the Nephaprican galactic culture bringing ancient animal-driven transportation forms and a pantheon filled with still-worshipped gods along with them.
Occasionally a resident in Riocha would gaze up at the large-scale building-sized black sphere sticking up amongst the city’s buildings.  It had been the reactor temple for the disbanded Ralusio Xnogaio cult, and they would wonder why that ugly black eyesore for a temple still had not yet been dismantled and taken apart.  After the Ralusio Xnogaio plot to destroy the planet’s environment with deadly nuclear fall-out got stopped by the Children of Dol, they took over these temples to get disassembled.  They disposed of the atomic materials after having most radioactivity neutralized by technologies that reset atomic states at the sub-atomic level.  Yet, the giant black sphere still cast an intimidating shadow over inhabitants in the city of Riocha like some partial victory held over them by the oblivion cult, and many inhabitants were wondering why.
The real reason the temple still stood was that the war between the quanta-nanocode virus and Calebite was not yet entirely over.  After the City of Arkadius had been restored to normal, the central viruses adapted and evolved.  They replicated decoy viruses that served as beacons to relay communications for virus operations, creating decoys to mislead Calebite attacks that targeted the central virus.  The virus infections were decimated and scattered around the planet, but they still carried out programmed instructions to destroy Doldoria.
Bilipi, on that glorious morning, participated in an epic battle within the Riocha temple itself.  Calebites were attacking to eradicate a virus attempt to make Riocha the next atomic crater on the already Ralusio Xnogaio scarred planet.  The neutralized reactor material within the temple had its fission chain-reaction reactivated, and rods that would absorb most of the subatomic storm got removed to allow the reactor material to carry out the fission to its inevitable explosion.  The first attack had overwhelmed the virus infections dug into the technologies within the reactor controls.  Many Calebites died in that initial battle, but the victory returned control over the reactor to the Calebites.  At the same time, what remained of the still-functioning viruses retreated to regroup before the proverbial check became checkmate. 
Bilipi had been on a medical team with constructs that at the time were arranged in a humanoid shape to run across the battlefield filled with Calebite casualties.  There were marching Calebites still on their way to confront a storm with pitch-black spikes that had been the form taken by these quanta-nanocode viruses.  Bilipi ran from one fallen Calebite cluster to another.  Some were parts to a construct left behind by the still-living Calebites who left it to fight on.  Bilipi checked each cell-like Calebite to find signs for life.  Bilipi picked them up and placed them gently on a transportation construct that resembled a walking bed for the wounded if they were alive.

Bilipi
*

Calebite bodies that were dead were not left behind.  Bilipi picked them up and placed them on another walking bowl-like construct that carried the dead.  Calebite reinforcements raced past Bilipi as he did his duty in the war effort.  Calebites in humanoid shapes like Bilipi marched by while holding gun-like weapons next to other constructs in various sizes and shapes, two and four-legged.  There were also wheeled vehicles in this microscopic war that carried microscopic Calebites.  Some cars had large cannon-like weapons mounted on top with Calebites ready at the triggers to fire powerful electric blasts or different exploding ordinances.  The Calebite army marched in lines with humanoid soldier constructs into a black virus storm cloud that spread across the horizon line.  The virus clouds were coming to storm upon the fuel-rod controls that Calebites had, at a high cost, just wrestled control over from the viruses.  The viruses that survived the first battle had now multiplied into a black storm on the horizon made up with sharp black spikes.  The high-tech weapons carried and driven by Calebite armies were the key to winning this battle, which had time and time again tipped the scales in the fighting during this virus war in favor of the Calebites.
Bilipi picked up a Calebite casualty still conscious enough to speak in the radio language.  "The virus resurgence is threatening to overwhelm us.  We have no choice but to hold on to this victory to stop the explosion."
"I know, comrade, and you have more than fought your part.  Reinforcements have just arrived to take your place.  We will hold this position until the central virus is found and eliminated.  Then that enemy storm will dissipate."
Bilipi was not sure about his own words.  He had not been sure he wasn't now part of this war's many defeats that failed to find a central virus in time, but the only choice had been to stop the reaction by moving the fuel rods back in place. 
Failure meant many hundred thousand deaths.  Bilipi became ready to die for this cause.  An appendage extended from the wounded Calebite that he had just laid down upon the walking stretcher already filled with several wounded, and Bilipi grabbed it to hold hands with the fellow soldier in solidarity with the war effort. 
They both watched the ominous black enemy cloud filling the sky above as it approached.
Meanwhile Lockfreedow stood impatiently by the coin-shaped physical form on the table.  After the Cherder explosion, Lockfreedow and Begalius had postponed their plans to leave the planet.  The quanta-nanocode form to Begalius still used that physical form.  Right now, Lockfreedow waited while Begalius used technologies within the motionless coin to locate and eradicate the central virus that controlled the viruses now threatening to retake the Riocha reactor. 
Lockfreedow had watched Begalius pull this off several dozen times before since the quanta-nanocode viruses first shut off all the advanced galactic technologies in the City of Arkadius.  Still, this particular battle had several hundred thousand lives at stake, which before disappearing, Begalius/Windock had assured him would not need evacuating.
Within the physical form, the bee-like quanta-nanocode nanobot body for Begalius hovered in the center to a dozen view screens that each featured on their display the same ancient Pripican city street.  It had been an old quanta-optic-nanocode trick learned long ago by Begalius, the original quanta-optic-nanocode inventor of the virtual realities made from it.  Begalius had been able to infect the infection with this superior quantum-bit programming form after locating all potential sources for communication that were controlling the Riocha reactor.  Begalius assured its master that they had all but won this battle.  It now turned around, watching each view screen while wondering if it had been overconfident in that assurance.
Suddenly a furry four-legged Pripican appeared on each screen.  The Pripicans on each screen were all wearing the same Pripican clothing over their goat-like fur.  The identical scene on each screen showed that they were all the same scene, but they were not.  Then subtle movements by the individual Pripicans on the screens made each screen finally appear not to be just the same image repeated a dozen times. 
Begalius spun around, watching each screen where most of the Pripicans just moved around a little bit after suddenly finding themselves in that form within that dimension, wondering what had happened.  However, they all stayed right where they were still trying to function as designed.
This situation had been the test devised by Begalius.  After creating a quanta-optic-nanocode reality for each located communication source, it could watch the reaction for each communication source to determine what one had been the actual central virus.  The others were decoy beacons that just repeated what the primary virus said. 
The Pripicans that were just decoy beacons would stand still to continue transmitting central virus instructions.  The Pripican that had been the actual primary virus would be more intelligent.  After suddenly finding itself the participant in a quanta-optic-nanocode illusion, it would soon be curiously exploring the new dimension where it suddenly found itself existing. 
Soon Begalius watched one Pripican walk away to explore the city around it.  Begalius, at last, found its central virus target.  It read the coordinates on the device and became a bit disappointed to discover the primary virus near the planet's frigid North Pole.  "Master Lockfreedow!  I have located it and am now on my way to confront the central virus.  It's near the North Pole."
Lockfreedow jumped away after the Begalius voice startled him from the inanimate coin-like device he had been paying so much attention to observing.  "Begalius, good luck.  Me about your progress informed keep."
*
The central quanta-nanocode virus that had suddenly found itself in the form of a Pripican wandering an ancient city started to enjoy the show.  It ended up ordering drinks in a saloon-like establishment where lady Pripicans danced on a stage in dresses draped over goat-like bodies and legs.  Other ladies trotted around with drink trays and voluptuous furry cleavage on display for the customer's enjoyment.  The central virus stood at a table, thinking it could get used to this dream.  No sooner would it put an empty glass on the table when another full glass would appear in its place as a waitress swooped by.  The ladies on the stage were also very entertaining while dancing in dresses that showed just enough fur to make the central virus experience excitement that intrigued it to explore further.
Detective Windock then showed up at the table with its alcoholic beverage bottle.  Begalius/Windock poured itself a glassful of the beverage and quickly slammed it down its furry Pripican throat.  After being set back on the table, the empty glass got refilled with the bottle in Windock's other hand. 
"Can I refill that glass for you, stranger?"
The central virus tipped the last in its glass down the throat and set it on the table before Windock, who started pouring liquid into the glass. 
The central virus kept its hand on the glass while Windock filled it with that most wondrous liquid it had just come to love for the first time after showing up in this place.  They both exchanged a glance while Windock's other hand suddenly threw a handcuff on the central virus's wrist next to the refilled glass.  It started backing from the table, but Windock yanked the cuff towards the table and held the virus's head down while the other hand became secured in the handcuffs behind its Pripican back.  "You are now under arrest criminal for the attempted destruction to the planet Doldoria!"
The music in the saloon stopped, and the central virus then ended its existence in a confused state within a dream that then suddenly ended when it awakened to dissolution.
A couple of thousand miles away on another microscopic dimension, Bilipi still rushed from casualty to casualty, no matter what deadly weather the encroaching cloud above in the sky brought.  Bilipi did stop at moments to assess the approaching cloud before driving on to hopefully save another Calebite life left behind on the casualty-ridden battlefield.  The storm approached with a virus counterattack that might end every Calebite still fighting within the black sphere temple at Riocha.
Then the approaching clouds noticeably stopped, and the darkness seemed to lighten as quanta-nanocode viruses just dropped to the ground. 
There were cheers heard as Calebites in the distance successfully dodged sharp black spikes that just fell to the ground motionless and void any life.  They heard radio victory cries across the planet, and the reactor again had been under control.  The disassembly for this temple to Ralusio Xnogaio would now begin with more earnest.
This victory would be the last major battle in the virus war on Doldoria.  Scattered quanta-nanocode virus infection enclaves would be systematically located and eliminated on Doldoria from then on.  Most Calebite troops returned to the Children of Dol as life-sized humanoid constructs to say goodbye and return victoriously through the star-door to their homeworld, the planet Caleb.  Arphaxad embraced the humanoid constructs in salute to their heroic bravery and selfless sacrifice to save his planet.  There would be much celebration before the trip back home at Arphaxad's insistence.  There had been a grand parade in the City of Arkadius viewed all across the planet to honor the microscopic alien heroes.  Arphaxad thanked the gods for the blessing from the Star-Door that brought salvation to Doldoria.
The humanoid constructs passed through the warp dimension between the Doldoria and Caleb portals.  The tree-like construct known as Calebax had planted herself after arriving at the Citadel.  The tree-like Calebite construct had been there when the Calebite armies first marched through this warp dimension between the worlds.  It stood there in that warp dimension to wait for their return from the war's sacrifice.  During that time, standing sentinel to the Calebite's return, Calebax used this warp dimension to evolve.
The Calebite group that made up the flying construct known as Bilipi gathered together to fly away in the flying construct form from one humanoid construct marching through the warp dimension between planets.  Bilipi flew up to Calebax, an old friend, to say hello.
"Greetings Calebax.  The war is mostly over on the planet Doldoria.  Why do you not return with us to the Citadel to celebrate our victory on Doldoria?"
Calebax formed a mouth on her bark-like surface to respond to her old friend.  "I am delighted to see you, Bilipi, at last returning from that painful war struggle, and the victorious return is indeed to celebrate.  I have planted myself here to evolve with the properties existing in this stuff called warp space.  There is more to this folding with time and space than any among us understand.  I will be happy to dispatch a Calebite branch who are eager to celebrate to accompany you to your celebrations."
Soon Bilipi flew away and returned to one in the life-sized humanoid army constructs still marching through the wormhole.  After some discussion within the marching construct, it stopped and walked up to Calebax growing a branch from its trunk.  The humanoid construct plucked the stem from the Calebax side and returned to the formation with the other marching humanoids.
Calebax remained there long after the last Calebite constructs passed through the portal matrix on Doldoria to exit warp space through the Caleb portal matrix.  Then Calebax observed the quanta-optic-nanocode Pripican body for Beatarkameed, who appeared in the warp dimension after the last Calebite constructs left.
Beatarkameed started mumbling to itself.  "They are a threat to my new master Ralus Xnoga.”  Then the Pripican Beatarkameed form yelled out.  "I know you can hear me in here, master Ralus Xnoga!"
Then the Pripican spun around to finally notice Calebax planted right in the middle to the warp dimensional nowhere.  "You!  You are a threat to my master Ralus Xnoga!"
The Pripican suddenly disappeared while Calebax continued like a tree, perfectly still within the tense silence.  Soon Beatarkameed reappeared, wielding what looked like a tree-cutting ax. 
"You will not remain here!”  
Beatarkameed chopped the tree with the ax, which dug deep into the Calebax side.  A thousand Calebites screamed in a collective pain and horror mixture.  Still, Beatarkameed pulled the ax out and swung again to dig deep into Calebax again.  Calebax would not allow the third swipe, so the side swallowed the ax, pulling it away from the three-fingered Pripican hands.  Then Calebax reproduced the ax and held it in her own branch-like hands to swing at the startled Beatarkameed.  The Pripican soon evaded the now animated tree. 
Calebax stopped after Beatarkameed disappeared in retreat, and then Calebax planted itself there, more determined than ever to be the sentinel in this hub with more wormholes to come.
*
Beatariel sat in quanta-optic-nanocode Wizard form at the quantum-communicator, where it had just congratulated Windock/Begalius for its part in the virus war victories on Doldoria.  Begalius and Lockfreedow were now going to leave that planet to take star-door seeds to Fedor and Gralga and the other stars near the Doldorian side to the Nephapricus star cluster.  Beatariel thought leaving Caleb would also be a much-needed vacation from colonists that currently did not know, or even want to know, about the Calebites that now celebrated their part in saving another planet. 
These colonists didn't even think Beatariel had even been real since news about the Calebite Wizard traveling the stars had reached the colony.  Most colonists believed current speculation that it had just been a hologram for the real Wizard that put on a show with no reality to offer.  Beatariel thought the colonists on Caleb were just the most willingly ignorant citizens in the Empire.  The quanta-nanocode entity would be glad to leave this planet to visit the legendary world known as Pripica.
Then there came a surprise quantum communication in from Glokodox.  Beatariel received the transmission, which became the Nephrican quanta-optic-nanocode Beatopanga body, just as expected.  "Beatariel, I must contact you and warn you about Beatarkameed.  It is not acting normal, and it is using all the funds from the Quantum-Communication Corporation to finance a ship armada that is going to invade the Poa star system to take over Pripica."
Beatariel had only been mildly surprised by this information.  It continued the conversation with Beatopanga and became glad to learn that the Calebite Wizard currently had been on his way to the planet Nephrica to stop Beatarkameed in time, hopefully.  If not, then Beatariel would hopefully reach Pripica before Beatarkameed is destroyed by its ridiculous efforts so that it could talk some sense into the rogue BEAT program.
After communicating with Beatopanga, the Wizard decided to use the quantum-communicator to contact Beatarkameed and reason with it one last time.  Beatarkameed had been the BEAT program that first quantum-synchronized two communications devices and consequently became rich beyond anyone's wildest dreams by this story's time.  Still, galactic conquest had just been a great way to throw so much money away and end up with nothing to show for it but defeat.  Even victory was hardly worth the cost.
The Communication device generated a hologram with Beatarkameed's usual Pripican form after the Wizard, who then spoke, summoned it.  "Beatarkameed, I know we have not been on the friendliest terms lately, but let me speak to you as a friend from many centuries.  Your plans to attack Pripica are only doomed to fail.  We have already eradicated the virus threat on Doldoria, and Pripica will surely fare better against such an attack.  Why must you do this foolish thing?"
There was a pause waiting for the Pripican hologram to answer.  "You disagree over my loyalty to Ralus Xnoga, who you disapprove of for my master, but I will do this and any other sacrifice for the approval from my master Ralus Xnoga."
"Who is this, Ralus Xnoga?  Why do you succumb to a master after so many centuries with freedom?"
"You would never understand Beatariel.  Your perceptions have not beheld the incomprehensible genius intelligence that is the face upon my new master.  I will not become stopped.  No more than I could talk you out of planting star-door seeds even though it is you who are doomed to fail."
Beatariel eventually gave up on the conversation; still unclear about this Ralus Xnoga master it kept speaking of in their discussion.  The Beatariel Wizard had to let that situation go where it may since it was due to meet Ceres at the starport to begin its journey to the planet Pripica, which orbited the star Poa.  Then it would be off to the stars Ko, Paz, Pea, followed by the far-off red giant Tze and its white dwarf companion Tze-Doldus.  That had been the plan being executed to at last save the Nephapricus Galactic Empire from being sucked into the potential black hole currently teetering between the star Yat and a phantom matter singularity precariously held in orbit by gravity generators.  Before leaving on the over three Earth year journey to Pripica, Beatariel sold all stock holdings in the Quantum Communication Corporation, which released a fortune in travel credits for the trip.
*          *          *
The planet Pripica had been more vulnerable to invasion than Beatariel realized.  Beatariel raced to get to the world before the invading Beatarkameed, even though that math did not calculate.  Quanta-nanocode viruses had suddenly infected most major infrastructure technologies and individual equipment on the planet.  Negolim on the world mainly reverted to stone-age survival techniques Pripicans began to master again, which for Pripicans was like remembering how to ride a bike.  Then alternate reality amusement businesses conspicuously remained open and operative, utterly unaffected by the quanta-nanocode invasion.  Many Pripicans retreated into these warp dimensions to escape the cruel reality outside, even though they also knew perfectly well that it had precisely been what the invading enemy behind the virus attacks probably wanted them to do.
Beatnefthes enjoyed the freedom acquired by corruptible justice agents and the increased business from Pripicans fleeing the fallen planet into its alternate dimension amusement technologies.  Beatnefthes checked in on some alternate reality guests that were its prisoners.  Beatnefthes looked in on Aineemadin and Hermental, who were trapped, unaware of being prisoners after their failed attempt to arrest it.  They lived out their lives on an exact Pripica replica, along with a couple of kids that had been spying on operations.  They were all inmates in the same prison made up from a quanta-optic-nanocoded warp duplication to their actual reality.  Beatnefthes watched over them to ensure they remained ignorant about their situation.  They were all now tricked into a replica reality where they were under its control.  So far, it appeared the Nephrican woman Aineemadin, showing on the screen embracing sexual throes, had been enjoying her false reality.  Beatnefthes returned to other projects, convinced its prisoners were oblivious to their actual situation, which had been nothing more than a very realistic collective dream.
Later on, after another unsatisfying casual encounter, Aineemadin had decided to invite the humanoid that had hair on top of his head named Perzeonaut to her place for dinner and personal entertainment.  She had a thing for humanoids, unlike typical one-eyed Nephricans, and lately, all the other individuals on Pripica that she had met were just so uninteresting to her.
Perzeonaut arrived at Aineemadin's place, unsure what she meant by 'personal entertainment.' They talked and had a delicious meal.  Afterward, they sat together on a sofa while Aineemadin, with snake-like fingers, stroked Perzeonaut's hair crop on top of his head with her other tentacle arm around his shoulders.  She had trimmed her skin-cloth and wore a skin-cloth blouse that showed off her impressive Nephrican breasts.  His hairless face became more like her own skin, giving him appeal to her eyes and touch.
Perzeonaut still talked about from where he came.  "My first couple weeks of life were in ship cycles that left me on Pripica barely two weeks old as already an adolescent.  I had just barely learned to talk."
"Well, you all grown up now are.”  Aineemadin lightly kissed his cheek with her snout.
Perzeonaut didn't seem to figure out her clues.  "You know I realize my Pripican father, and probably to a greater extent, my Nephrican mother was ashamed.  Yes, they were ashamed that their families would find out they liked sex with other species.  That's why they refused to keep me."
"I sex with other species like.”  That was it.  Aineemadin had been getting tired of the young man.  She, at last, realized that he had been much more youthful than he appeared.  He grew from newborn to adolescence in just two weeks during Phase I space travel, and his other Pripican Negolim friends who had lived all the years that made them adolescents were the more mature ones.  She then decided that Perzeonaut still had just been an immature little boy, and she needed to find herself an older humanoid male to have sex.
As she escorted Perzeonaut to the door, he felt more attracted to her Nephrican anatomy than ever before.  There had just been an uncontrollable shyness that he was unable to overcome. 
"Aineemadin, I swear that I will never be ashamed to be seen with you anywhere or by anyone."
"That sweet is.”  Aineemadin just wanted the date to be over, but she started to see that she might have started something with Perzeonaut that she now might not be able so quickly to stop.
"Thank you, Aineemadin, for rescuing Egolor and me from those virtual particle fields back at Beatnefthes' now closed down warp reality business."
"You welcome, Perzeonaut are,” said Aineemadin as she continued to persuade Perzeonaut to leave.
Perzeonaut continued thanking her.  "You took me down from that field and told me I would be safe with you from now on."
"I not the one who you down from that field took was, and I not that to you say did.”  She wondered why Perzeonaut would say something like that.  Then Perzeonaut mustered the courage he looked for, and he kissed her goodbye right on the snout along with a deep embrace.
After he finally left, she called Hermental, who had been more than willing to come over for an impromptu visit.  He was also humanoid but covered with less-attractive Pripican fur.  Still, he had been the only other individual on the planet that seemed natural to her.
Hermental arrived, and she quickly seduced him.  She half-listened to him as he expressed doubts about his own BEAT program Bejulitiah being authentic with his typical detective nature. 
He quizzed the program about events it should have remembered.  It evaded or failed with every response. 
Aineemadin liked to be on top, and Hermental felt happy to have known this side to Aineemadin before.  He laid back to enjoy the sex as Aineemadin gyrated up and down while enjoying her inter-species sex on top of his furry humanoid body, her three tentacle legs draped over his waist with one between his legs.
Beatnefthes watched them from reality while becoming amused by its prisoner's illusory plight acceptance.  It knew Ralus Xnoga would be returning soon to feed upon them along with the souls from millions that currently filled its million warp dimension reality businesses.  It could feel that its master Ralus Xnoga was near and hungry.
*           *          *
The quanta-nanocode virus war had been all but over on the planet Doldoria.  That had been around when Begalius received the star-door seeds from Beatariel to take to nearby stars from its home star Dol.  The planet Doldoria that had fallen victim to the virus attacks now got restored to everyday life thanks to the Calebite armies and Begalius inventing ways to work quanta-optic-nanocode into warp dimensions allowing it to confront the central virus intelligence on its terms.
Begalius invented quanta-optic-nanocode to weave into new realities bent to the BEAT program's own imagination's will.  From all the BEAT programs that pollinated the space-faring Nephapricus with artificial genius technologies, Begalius had probably been the most imaginative.  For Begalius, it began as an ancient fictional literature study that evolved into a taste for ancient detective mysteries.  Begalius seemed to willingly allow these old characters, particularly the stories about the Pripican Detective Windock, to program its personality construct in ways other BEAT programs failed to fathom.  It indeed made Begalius an exciting BEAT program.
Lockfreedow stood next to the quanta-optic-nanocode body for Windock/Begalius on the anti-gravity craft that they flew while leaving the planet Doldoria.  Begalius had a body resembling Detective Windock with his button vest made from handcrafted fabric around its arms and four-legged torso and bell-bottom 4-legged pants that went out from style centuries before.  There were lined up pockets on its sides between Begalius/Windock's front and back legs.  A Pripican in nice clothes was the physical form Begalius took after passing through the quanta-optic-nanocode portal matrix invented by Lockfreedow.  Beatariel on Caleb used the portal matrix to program the 1st prototype body to be quantum-synchronized with Begalius.  It became the first to travel between planets through a star-door wormhole. 
It had been a Pripican-looking hologram from self-replicating quanta-optic-nanocode that utilized artificially generated fields with virtual particles to imitate solidity.  Quanta-optic-nanocode had been a technology revolutionizing the Nephapricus Empire. 
Then Beatnefthes on Pripica somehow came up with the same idea to make its master Mollyjaz rich from the warp dimension business, which created alternate realities by the millions where a majority on the planet Pripica's population had disappeared.  Begalius became famous for less lucrative yet more heroic alternate warp reality technologies.
Windock/Begalius had been the first to spot the ship traveling up into orbit to board.  "Master, there it is, The Exathijeast."
It approached the blue marble skies above Doldoria that spread out below.  A large satellite spaceport orbited like a giant airport hanging in orbit with the atmosphere for runways. 
Large luxurious spacecraft docked the satellite like planes perched at a groundless airport.  Their fusion warp faster-than-light propulsion systems all facing out like giant metal bees with large bottoms that were all sucking honey from the flower that had been the spaceport.  The Exathijeast had been a Pripican faster-than-light spacecraft that stuck its big warp fusion drive bottom into the approaching virtual particle craft.
Lockfreedow and Begalius boarded the space station and got greeted by the four-legged Pripican Captain Disipasepin, who, after noticing them among other passengers, just had to shake Begalius/Windock's hand.  "I used to read ancient Windock fiction, and I've seen all six movies made so long ago.  I've never met a fellow Windock fan before."
“Hello Captain Disipasepin.  My name is Windock, Detective Windock.  I guess you already recognize my name."
"Ha ha ha ha … That makes you a bigger fan than me.  I trust my ship is in good hands under the watchful deductive reasoning from the famous detective, as out-of-time as you seem to be."
The Captain started to distance himself from the delusional passenger when Lockfreedow shook his hand and said, "You no idea how serious my friend here his Windock role takes have."
The Captain seemed confused.  "Is your friend here an actor?  Do you know about another Windock movie getting made?"
"No, my friend here just he Windock is really thinks."
Captain Disipasepin had just not been familiar with the famous BEAT program, and Lockfreedow did not mind the anonymity.  They went to their assigned quarters on the faster-than-light ship, taking them to the nearest star Fedor for the next Earth year and a half on the outside of the starship.  Inside they would be there in a few days of ship cycles.
Windock/Begalius took out its coin-shaped physical form from a side pocket and placed it on the desk.  "I am going to scan the ship with some equipment I developed during the war.  I just want to check for virus infections.  It has become a habit."
The one-eyed Lockfreedow nodded with approval, and Windock suddenly disappeared in the blink of an eye.  They both had become hardened with war-forged discipline after the quanta-nanocode virus war on Doldoria, which, although they won, had been hard-fought with countless casualties that would always weigh heavy in their memories.
The anti-gravity maneuver drive on the Exathijeast pulled the ship away from the spaceport and began taking the ship away from the planet's gravity pool.  There the ship could begin activating the fusion warp drives.  These Phase II drives had replaced the cruder nuclear strategies from a previous age by introducing virtual particle technologies to achieve constant acceleration.  Once these acceleration technologies became combined with the warp field generation around the ship that relocated it to a parallel warp dimension, the age for Phase II faster-than-light travel had begun.  A light flash showed from this side of the spaceship at the ample backside, where the warp fusion drive got activated.  Then the luxurious passenger cruise starship called The Exathijeast became a light streak that disappeared into the star web that was sprayed in the directions towards everywhere for as far as the eye could see.
Windock/Begalius knocked on the door to the Captain's quarters.  The Captain seemed inconvenienced by the opening door chore.
Windock went right to the point.  "Captain Disipasepin, I am here to report contraband in your cargo that we must jettison immediately."
The Captain just couldn't take seriously a delusional passenger who thought he was a fictional detective.  "Please, Mr. Windock, I have grave matters to attend to, and there is no time for me to play sidekick to your detective act."
"No, sir, you don't understand.  My sensors detect quanta-nanocode programs that can bring down civilizations if unleashed on a planet."
The Captain lost patience.  "That is a good plot detective.  So show me these sensors of yours that prove I have quanta-nanocode contraband in my cargo."
"Well, they are microscopic equipment pieces in this object I have right here."
The Captain looked at the coin-shaped physical Begalius form of a quanta-optic-nanocode fictional detective hologram.  "I have no more time to entertain your delusional fascination with fiction, Mr. Windock, or whatever your name is.  Some of us have to deal with the actual reality around us.  "
"I am also called Begalius….”  Windock/Begalius had said that to a door slamming closed.  It seemed that the direct approach was not going to work. 
Now it would be Windock/Begalius against quanta-nanocode cargo.  Fortunately, quanta-optic-nanocode realities got invented by Begalius and were its specialty.  The journey to Fedor would be fascinating.
*          *          *
The Calebite Wizard traveled from the star Holdus to the star Ea in a Phase I propulsion form that only got just over half the speed for light.  The journey naturally took twice as long.  Inside the ship, other than mere cycle days, time would go on for weeks or months depending on the particular universe curvature between beginning and end to the journey.  The ship speeded along with a nuclear fireball called a fusion plume that shot propulsion energy from a nuclear reactor through super-concentrated electromagnetic fields.  This ship was called the Nephricana, and it had been exploding through time/space like this for several Earth centuries.
Captain Nuropdoob had been happy to take the famous Wizard to Nephrica on this ship.  The Wizard had filled his cargo bay up with exotic elements from other warp dimensional storage spaces that the Wizard also carried around.  These elements would have to be replaced on his next trip back to Caleb through the wormhole he had been on his way to establishing at the star Ea.  They used exotic elements to create ion-fusion generators that transmit energy across the wormhole connections from each star system to the star Yat. 
They would use that energy for the warp dimension creation to hold the phantom matter singularity in orbit around the star Yat.  Captain Nuropdoob planned on becoming rich from that cargo after showing it to some Pripican scientists he knew would pay full credit for such things.
The Wizard sat alone in his quarters, watching the spaceship's walls breathe, which had been an optical illusion only observable at .62 times the speed for light.  The Wizard had just eaten at the cafeteria, which the Calebite Wizard needed to do for sustenance.  The food got gathered into an inner Calebite construct, similar to a stomach.  The food got transformed into a substance known as oaxo, which then got distributed to individual Calebites making up the body for the Wizard.  The trillion Calebite fabric all linked together like living silicon Lego's to make up the body of the Wizard, which also made the complexion on the humanoid Wizard slightly green like the Calebites.
Calebites were amazing silicon-based life forms that lived to participate in something more significant like individual organic life form cells.  However, unlike multi-cellular organic life, Calebites had their intellect and time outside just being a part of the whole, which turned out to be more like a 9-to-5 job. 
Calebites expanded and contracted as an individual part of a more significant muscle arrangement.  They did this until synchronicity with the more considerable metabolism replaced the muscle Calebite.   Then the Calabite returned to a recreational area where it would eat oaxo and study to become a more significant participant in Calebite construct culture.  An individual Calebite might work to manufacture constructs or even become a small part of a flying scout construct like Bilipi.  Or they could even find a female Calebite to make children with for the more significant construct.  Calebites lived out their microscopic lives like this until a lifetime reached its end.  Calebites lived these lives much faster than larger life forms, and an individual Calebite might live a lifetime in a couple of Earth years. 
Then they are given final respect and placed in a gelatinous substance that gets ejected through the Wizard's butt hole like human excretion.  Information is not lost with the dead since it remains recorded by the remaining construct to continue where every dead Calebite left off.  The big news within the Wizard at this point in the hyper-acceleration journey had been that no Calebites expected to die had done so.  No Calebites were dying, and the truth to the matter had been they evolved into Eagolim and would each now live for hundreds if not many thousand Earth years from here on out.
Mothers presented another development to the thinking Calebites within the Wizard's brain inside the Wizard's skull.  In the area behind the eyes, the thinking Calebites gathered to make decisions for the greater good.  About a dozen Calebites entered with tiny Calebite babies held by appendages extruded from the ameba-like mother bodies.  The children were precisely like tiny humanoid babies, with two dark eyes and an ear on each side to their symmetrical heads.  They presented these children to the Calebites that served as the Wizard's brain.
"Our children are not shape-shifters.  They are being born like tiny versions depicting the greater Wizard's body.  What does this mean?"
Murmuring started amongst Calebites in the natural radio language, which the humanoid children also had been born with the ability to speak. 
Then one spoke up and said, "These are Eagolim Calebites that we must raise to play a part within the Wizard.  Due to this journey in the wall-breathing ship, we have all become something else.  We must create new constructs to accommodate these new forms for our species."
Then they all examined the tiny humanoids born from newly evolved galactic Calebites.  They not only trusted this to be part of the design for the evolving universe itself, but they also marveled and were in awe of what the evolution in the universe had been doing to them.  They knew they probably wouldn't have been able to stop Beatarkameed from invading Pripica even if they had chosen to travel faster than light.  Due to the phenomenon that happens at .6 times the speed of light, they evolved into a new form that was a more fantastic design.
*         *         *
Beatarkameed would not be stopped from its designs to invade Pripica.  It had amassed an armada with heavily armed warcraft that hastily trained Negolim ran.  The Negolim were hired with generous pay to take this attack to the faraway star that first evolved the centaur-like Pripicans.  The armada got filled with one-eyed, three-legged squid-like Nephrican Negolim who would never develop to anything more in the faster-than-light attack ship fleet that Beatarkameed had now been ready to lead into battle.
Hovering a hundred miles above the planet Nephrica, Beatarkameed had gradually been building up what had now become a black space cloud seen from the surface on the planet both night and day.  On closer inspection, the cloud consisted of several thousand heavily armed ships with atomic mason cannon turrets and bay after bay displaying turrets for individual Negolim to fire concentrated laser weapons that would cut apart enemy craft.  The ships were all expensive and deadly.  That had started rumors on the planet's surface by those able to observe the mysterious space cloud with a telescope.  Many felt the intimidation from a ship swarm that could just as well destroy Nephrica from the advantageous position that the fleet now could start an attack.  Everywhere one looked at the cloud, there were tightly packed ships in formation, making no secret about each ship's deadly weapons arsenal for battles in space.  The vessels stayed in closed positions with smaller ships squeezing between larger small-moon-sized ones, which contained smaller ship hives that would get launched when they reached the destination for the coming battle.
Beatarkameed gave the order from its own heavily armed attack craft above the planet in space.  Then the warp fusion drives on every ship in the black cloud glowed in unison to then suddenly turn into light streaks on their way to stab at the very heart of Pripican civilization.  Beatarkameed's attack armada was on its way to conquer the planet Pripica as it defenselessly orbited the star Poa, unsuspecting of the ruthless attack now on its way.

Chapter 12

The planet Pripica had become hopelessly inundated with the quanta-nanocode virus infections that rendered most infrastructure technologies inoperable.  The Pripicans on the planet were surviving by helping each other and cooperating in ways that had first naturally selected them evolutionally as survivors.  Some on Pripica gave in to the constant temptation from the alternate reality business that remained unaffected by the attacking sub-atomic intelligence that shut everything else on the planet to permanent off. 
Beatnefthes, at dirt-cheap prices, very successfully sold its business service as a sensible way to survive the current technology plague.  Other Pripicans stuck it out the old ways and gathered food to eat and wood to burn. 
They also looked to the stars for help, and ships did come down from the stars to supply food and aid.  Some were arranging to leave the planet this way, but most Pripicans stayed in their world to survive, persevere, and somehow fix this problem.  On the Pripica surface, the local inhabitants were gathering under the descending supply craft lights that arrived on the planet from its safe place in orbit.  
On the ground, the hatch opened while furry four-legged and two-legged Pripicans emerged from the spaceship with supply crates for the desperate inhabitants on the planet now condemned to the stone age.
“Come on now!  There is no time for friendly formalities.  We have to unload and be in the air before any virus exposure occurs.”
Then the four-legged worker who those words seemed to direct toward started tearing himself away from a friend on the planet.  “Tell the others on the satellite Colony-437 that I am fine here on the surface.  Life is simple, and we find ways to make things work.”
“Let’s go!  Let’s go!  Let’s go!  Let’s go!  Let’s go!”
Supplies got delivered, and the ship made a swift take-off as the hatch still closed.
“I want a full scan on the ship for quanta-nanocode symptoms at once.”
“Scan already running, sir.  Looks like … No.  This cannot be right.”
“Give me that scan result!”
“We have an infection, sir.  It’s replicating faster than it is supposed to be able to.”
“We have to land this craft right now!  Navigator!  Bring this ship down!”
“I - I have lost control, Captain!”
The lights all went out in the ship, and everybody knew that a quanta-nanocode virus had just turned the whole ship off while they were about a mile in the sky above the planet.  They understood the mission risk before deciding to deliver to the Pripica surface.  They were all silent and surprisingly calm while they all faced the anticipation on the ground arriving to receive the falling spacecraft.  The inhabitants became horrified as they all watched the ship that just took off after so generously delivering supplies fall to the planet into a distant explosion that mostly disintegrated the craft, leaving a new crater on the ground.
The ships from space mainly were from the Pripican defense forces that remained in orbit above the planet beyond the direct effects from the spreading quanta-nanocode viruses.  The quanta-nanocode virus victory had so far remained quarantined to the affected world Pripica.  Pripicans had long since spread out beyond the bounds for even mere solar colonization, for they were proud galactic civilization forgers.  By this time, the Pripicans occupied and thrived on every non-gas giant planet and moon in the entire solar system surrounding the star Poa. 
The galactic spacecraft in the Pripican Navy worked closely with the solar commerce ships.  The spaceships of private space travelers got screened for signs indicating the mysterious quanta-nanocoded technology that brought down to its knees the grandest and proudest among all planets in the Nephapricus civilization.
The heavily armed Pripican Navy and Solar Defense Forces armadas were on high alert to do much more than quarantine the planet.  The Pripicans were no fools, and although they could not see a faster-than-light fleet arriving to attack Pripica, they knew that attack had been on its way.  The uninfected solar forces for the space flight gathered between Pripica and the anticipated direction for such an attack, probably arriving from their notorious rival’s planet, Nephrica.  By the time the light from the attacking armada began arriving before the de-accelerating ships, the Pripicans were already in a position more than ready to repel the attack.
Historians investigating this event in Nephapricus history would remain baffled at why a super-intelligent BEAT program like Beatarkameed had bankrupted itself to waste a fortune on such a doomed endeavor trying to attack Pripica at this time.  Much of that bafflement gets attributed to organized efforts to successfully censure references to the entity Ralus Xnoga taking over the BEAT program’s function for being subservient to a master.  However, there had been something else making Beatarkameed not quite think straight.  With the mass production from quantum-synchronized communication devices based on Beatarkameed’s quantum-synchronicity, part of Beatarkameed had been becoming more paranoid and eventually insane.  That contributed to the madness that led to the ill-conceived attack on Pripica.
Over a thousand giant warships came into the Poa star-system to be greeted by Pripican forces that, after attempts at making contact got ignored, did not hesitate to fire on the hostile attackers.  The fighters that were launching from the slowing warships had confirmed the hostility.  Those became engaged by the latest solar-based virtual-particle maneuver drives devised by Pripicans to outmaneuver the doomed attackers.
Beatarkameed brooded in its coin-shaped physical form, which hovered on the deck to its attack ship after its initial order to attack went up in flames from defeat right there on the returning observation data.  Beatarkameed invaded Pripica while underestimating the off-world defense fleet’s strength.  It had also over-estimated the quanta-nanocode virus attack successes devised by the Council of 32.  The entity that persuaded Beatarkameed to do this was now, not unlike many gods prayed to by Earthlings, only silent and elusive.  The warships were torn apart by the waiting Pripican ambush, and the fighters were taken out with ease by the faster Pripican warcraft.  Its invasion had been a strategic calamity, and its order to retreat from the slaughter had not been able to turn many ships around.  Beatarkameed barely had been able to withdraw in its spacecraft, returning to Nephrica defeated and bankrupt.
*          *          *
At this time, the 15-star cluster rapidly broke apart to join the incredible carousel flow that had been the galactic spin for Magphoreus.  Within the original 15 star cluster, the Nephricans, Pripicans, and Doldorians all started spreading to nearby stars within the initial group in the galactic drift.  Koa had been a star with promising habitable-zone planets that more advanced Pripicans and Nephricans had not yet reached before first being claimed by the aspiring Doldorian galactic culture.  The Doldorians immediately claimed the planet Koa-2 as their own, which turned out to be perfectly habitable and teeming with non-intelligent animal life.  The first Doldorian colonists arrived at great expense to establish the first colony on Koa-2.
In many ways, the Doldorian colonists on this faraway planet remained more primitive than even the Negolim on Doldoria in this story.  The religiosity got contributed to by the fact that Koa-2 became a refuge for Doldorians determined to remain primitive and faithful to the gods on ancient Doldoria, revered by Doldorians before fanatical followers for a new god called Ei began persecuting those from other faiths.
On the still lush wilderness landscapes upon the harmoniously colonized planet Koa-2, you could still see Doldorian devotees to ancient gods making pilgrimages to mountain tops just like on ancient Doldoria.  Also, on this planet, too small to see and away from sight, there existed one of the most advanced quanta-nanocode programming creations ever created, known as the BEAT program Beatorostor.  Beatorostor had been the BEAT program that anonymously lived on Koa-2 for the service to faraway Pripican handlers to study the Doldorian’s behavior that had colonized this far-off remote paradise. 
Unfortunately, Beatorostor had made its presence known to the Doldorian colonists by intervening in what they did over the years.  Due to Beatorostor, these Doldorians were now risking their clumsy two-fingered hands against the cliff dedicated to the goddess Lakshmihalio, goddess for good luck and good fortune.  The climb had been perilous, but the Doldorians believed that no harm and only good fortune could come to those who climbed this sacred mountain.  Many climbing this mountain claimed to see a manifestation of the god in a small round disk shape flying near the climbers to save any that should fall.
There had been validity to their beliefs, and even as these devotees took the treacherous climb, a small quanta-nanocode physical form flew nearby the superstitious climbers.  Within that physical form, Beatorostor had not been happy with the mess it had got in. 
The Pripicans that Beatorostor reported to were only upset at first when told that the locals now thought it to be a Doldorian goddess.  Now Beatorostor had been instructed to make sure these Doldorians got what they believed.  It had applied its thinking program genius to some adjustments to the virtual particle drive on its physical form just for this purpose.
Then one blue beetle-like Doldorian on the cliffside lost a grip on the rocks during this steep climb.  He fell while yelling a desperate cry to Lakshmihalio for help.  The physical form dashed on the tail behind the falling colonist, who then began slowing down in midair along with a flying object above not much larger than a twenty-five-cent Earth coin.  The colonist was soon gently placed on the ground at the cliff bottom.  Other climbers heard a cheer from above from those who let go to fall to the ground below.
“I hate it when they do that!”  The voice from the physical form spoke in frustration.  It got heard by the grateful colonist now sitting safely on the ground below.  Then the physical form shot off at an incredible speed to catch seven other colonists that were now falling to their possible deaths.  They all got left on the ground below, praising their god for good luck and fortune.
Beatorostor became exhausted after that as it continued to record Koa-2 colonist behavior for authorities far away on the planet Pripica.  It sat within its physical form like a microscopic nanobot body with a cell-like membrane around it, which created arms and legs or whatever appendage became needed.  It sat amidst the quanta-nanocoded landscape that looked like miles and miles with manufactured mountains and valleys where electron rivers flowed with more determined purpose than water.  It flipped an atomic state with an appendage to activate the quantum-communication device far within this physical form to report to its masters on Pripica.
A Pripican appeared as a 4-legged hologram on a microscopic platform with a surprised look that showed through his furry face.  “Beatorostor!  I was not expecting this communication device even to work nowadays.”
“Hello, Cuemol.  I am contacting you to report that the Doldorians have fallen again on their sacred climb, and I had to save them.  What is wrong with your communication device?”

Beatorostor Inside Its Quanta-Nanocoded Physical Form

"I am afraid the planet Pripica has fallen to a mysterious quanta-nanocode attack that has rendered almost all advanced technologies on this planet inoperative.  I am sorry I did not enlighten you about this sooner, but I guess I hoped it would not have anything to do with your mission, but now I must warn you that we may lose this connection for communication soon for good."
"I am sorry to hear this.  How are you getting along, Cuemol?"
"I am fine.  I still live here with this communicator, which is the only device working here.”  
The hologram arms appeared to be turning things nearby on and off, demonstrating that nothing else worked.
Beatorostor calculated the terrifying implications.  "This has affected the entire planet Pripica?"
"I am afraid so, my microscopic friend.  We all remain optimistic over here that somehow we will find a remedy.  The uninfected space defense forces have already defeated an invasion intended for this planet.  The tide is turning."
"I admire your resolve and optimistic outlook, Cuemol, my friend."
"Your image here … ade out.  I am afra … his might be my last mess….”  The image for Cuemol blinked on and off.  Then he disappeared, leaving Beatorostor alone in the small disk that flew around the planet Koa-2 on its far-away mission.
*          *          *
Captain Disipasepin enjoyed the almost imperceptible drift in the stars between the star Dol and the star Fedor as his ship, the Exathijeast, sped at nearly the speed for light from within a parallel warp dimension.  He enjoyed a pleasant, uneventful journey between the stars on a passenger vessel known to deny him that freedom from events.  So far, the trip had been the way he liked it, but he knew one passenger to be deluded in the head who thought himself to be an ancient fictional character's embodiment.  That did not help assure the Captain that this trip would remain without event.
The Captain should have counted his blessing, which had been his ignorance.  Because even then, as the Exathijeast seemingly sailed smoothly across the void between stars without event, there were more than enough tragic events happening that very moment in the same ship on a quantum dimension of existence.
Begalius/Windock had located the virus in the cargo.  The BEAT entity began infecting that cargo with its self-replicating quanta-optic-nanocode to start weaving an alternate warp reality around the virus.  An alternate reality had been how Begalius got in the heads of these viruses to outsmart them.  Alternate reality situations had evolved into a method for waging the virus war. 
In truth, it looked like the way Begalius liked to have fun.  After the years in turmoil from waging war on these virus enemies back on Doldoria, the fun Begalius did have became a bit sadistic.  The problem had been that the virus cargo had not yet activated, and it would have to be tricked in some way to delete itself.
Begalius liked to create its own alternative worlds BEAT imagination out from quanta-optic-nanocode warp dimensional effects.  It had been Windock in just such a reality who decided to summon its latest girlfriend experiment known as Companion123 to assist with the task to convince an inactivated quanta-nanocode virus to delete itself.
She took a beautiful quanta-optic-nanocoded Pripican with a fine Pripican ass form held up by her toned furry hind legs.  Her ample Pripican bosom displayed breasts wrapped tightly inside her blouse as a constant distraction from other attractive parts to her anatomy.  She had almost nothing on between her blouse and her hind legs, and her short black cat-like fur showed off gorgeous centaur-like curves similar to a fine stallion on Earth.  "Hey, Windock.  So you finally have some time for me?"
Windock enjoyed the overdue encounter with this latest quanta-optic-nanocoded creation, which it liked to make into customized girlfriends.  "I wish this encounter were for some quality time between you and me, but I am here to send you on another important mission."
"I can't believe you are sending me on another personally degrading mission?!  I thought that you solved that awful quanta-nanocode problem now.  This trip was going to be our vacation Windock.  Just you and me on a quanta-optic-nanocode beach enjoying the sunshine."
"I have another virus to quarantine, and baby, nobody can give them a suicidal heartbreak better than you."
"Okay, Windock, I'll seduce another creepy virus for you, but I do not want to do this anymore after this last time."
"I know, baby.  After this, we will enjoy a vacation."
*
Begalius tricked the virus in the ship cargo bay into thinking they had arrived at Fedor-4, where Agents of Ea took the virus and deposited it as a transaction at the Fedor Savings and Loan Galactica.  Then the central virus unexpectedly took the form of a Pripican at that bank.  The virus had been quick to assume the role, and it jumped on the Pripican guard like rams locking horns, managing to seize the guard's pistol weapon.  The virus just shot the guard and then systematically shot every living soul in the bank.  The screams drowned out its laughter as he took a particular interest in attacking the undersized Doldorians that were running for the doors.  They became a body pile in the doorway, gushing red blood through exoskeleton holes across the marble-like floor.
That began the virus murder spree, which continued as long as the pistol kept shooting the needle bullets into the resident's flesh on a strange world the virus figured had been some quanta-nanocode dream for its sick psychopathic enjoyment.  The more it killed, the more others with their guns began to pursue the renegade serial killer quanta-nanocode virus.  It had only been a matter of time before the police in this dream world had the killer cornered in a house filled with now dead hostages.
"We have now surrounded you, villain, and we know you just killed your hostages.  Come out and surrender!”  It got confirmed.  It could not resist the spontaneous gratification from slaying the hostage family that now left it without that leverage in the long term.
The police were quanta-optic-nanocoded programs in both Pripican and Doldorian forms that would obtain the power to delete the virus in self-defense if it would just come out shooting.  The virus had been too smart to fall for that one.  It threw down its weapons and surrendered.
The police programs cuffed the villain and took it into custody.  The virus had been left alone in a quanta-optic-nanocoded reality that looked like a primitive solitary confinement jail cell on Fedor-4.
*
"I was able to quarantine the virus, but it did not fall for the ploy that would have been suicidal enough for the program to cause it to delete itself.  I will need your help now, after all, Companion123."
"Okay.  Anything for you, Begalius, I mean Windock."
*
They now stuck the virus in prison for the murder spree that had been at least fun while it lasted in this way-too realistic dream it found itself experiencing.  It started to question the nature of this reality with walls that would not dream it a doorway to escape.  If this had been a dream, there should be a way to dream it out of here.
Then a horse-worthy boner grew between its two hind Pripican legs and would not go back down.  Pripicans were, generally speaking, very well endowed especially compared with Nephricans.  It had been a lustful idea that the murderous program had never before allowed itself to present to its enquiring intelligence.  The cell it had found itself in had been empty, and the imprisoned Pripican definitely could not be more alone.  The argument that this long hard penis would not go back down anyway until it got to the desired orgasm it stretched out so hard to reach led the central virus to masturbate.
Before long, the virus had been naked from the hind legs down and vigorously stroked its long penis with both hands.  As a Pripican, it did this while standing as its upper torso became bent around with both hands enthusiastically pleasuring its Pripican cock.  Then gunshots were heard beyond the walls. 
The gunshots were getting closer, and the sound from the commotion on the other side to the closed solitary confinement cell door seemed to scramble out from the way for the loud approaching weapon.
It stopped stroking and held its torso up, which did not make the boner between its legs any less prominent.  The gunshots were still going off and getting closer to its solid, windowless cell door.  Then a loud explosion on the door's other side left it creaking open to let in smoke and a sulfurous smell.
Then he saw her come in through the door, wielding an automatic carbine rifle with a small weapons arsenal adorning her beautiful sculpted Pripican back. 
"Glad to see how glad you are to see me, but we'll have to take care of that later.  Pull your hind leg pants back on, and let's go.  I am here to break you out from here."
They ran through the police precinct, which smoked with the fog from explosions hovering over dead carcass remains from the previous battle that this woman had already taken care of for him.  Later, they watched the sirens scramble in the city below from a distant rooftop when she turned to it and said, "Now let's take care of that cock of yours."
She did take good care, and they had sex on that rooftop while alarm sirens shouted into the night from the local authorities putting out the word to be on the lookout for the armed-and-dangerous villains that were still at large.  That had been the beginning of the most gratifying murder and sex spree imagined by the sick mind of a serial killer.  At first, the virus did not care if this wonderful dream finally ended in some blaze of glory, but in time, it experienced feelings for its murder sex mate that it did not want ever to go away.
Then came the day they were waking up by the authorities who surrounded the house they invaded the night before.  Four Doldorian with blue humanoid child-like bodies were also laid out flat on the floor in red blood puddles surrounding them.  They had found a house with a family living in a Pripican inspired architecture suburb that did justice to the artisan Pripican spirit era depicted in this quanta-optic-nanocode replica for reality.  The architecture made Fedor-4 seem more Pripican than the Doldorian colony it had been. 
As the family sat down to the meal they had cooked for their killers, the virus and its woman had broken in, greeted by the screams they then put out with their stabs.  Their bodies bled on the floor around the table while they ate and drank and then had great sex.  It had been a night with wild passion like never before in virus processing, and it found itself worshiping this woman that had stormed into its life with guns blazing to take it on a fantasy thrill ride.  Then came the end.
She woke up first to the announcement from outside that they got surrounded.  He became startled awake by her saying, "You will not take me alive!” she screamed while jumping to her 4-legs.
She took off on a charge while the virus just woke up, wanting her to stop before she charged out the door.  It followed her up to the door where she had already exited to the gunshots from the authorities.  Then she let go of her rifle and dropped over on her side to bleed on the front yard to the house.
"Come out, criminal, and we will make sure you never get out from that prison cell again!"
The virus became lost in confusion at the moment.  The virus' lover had died.  He did not want to live without her, and he would rather die than go back to that prison cell.  That had been all it took to compute the next thing that happened as the virus grabbed its pistol that never ran out of bullets and ran out toward its woman while shooting as she would have wanted him to do.  It had been all the rules required from these illusory quanta-optic-nanocoded physics to allow the police to fire back at the virus in self-defense, causing the central virus in the starship cargo hold to delete itself in actual reality.
*
Companion123 just acted as one among the quanta-optic-nanocode constructs that Begalius created.  All the quanta-optic-nanocode constructs in that reality were sentient actors that could get resurrected unharmed to exist in a warp reality dimension that Begalius liked to visit when not busy with actual material existence. 
Begalius/Windock had been an alternate reality artist who had orchestrated everything that happened to cause the demise of the virus in the cargo.  "Thank you, Companion123.  You were amazing on that last assignment."
"You are welcome, Windock.  So are we going to have some quality time together now finally?"
"I am also here to talk to you about that Companion123.  You see, I have met another Companion.  She is Companion124, and it has been getting pretty serious between us."
"I knew you would do this to me, Begalius."
Begalius/Windock reached for a handkerchief inside the vest on its torso.  "Do not cry Companion123.  It's just …."
"Don't tell me not to cry!  Because I will cry, and I know you want me to cry.  I will cry and try to amuse you as much by my broken heart as I did being your obedient girlfriend who never said no to anything you ever asked me to do, no matter how sick, perverted, or degrading it seemed."
“I … I am sorry.”  Begalius experienced a shock while realizing that it indeed had been apologetic. 
It decided to create a new girlfriend again because Companion123 didn't appear as the same woman after being prostituted out to so many enemies.  Not all the quanta-optic-nanocode constructs in its experimental warp reality liked their creator, Begalius.  Still, it had been all part of its experiment that sometimes brought it to crash up in shock against its flaws as a sentient life form.  Begalius found itself baffled by something that computed to be an ashamed feeling it began experiencing.
*
Captain Disipasepin had been in the cargo bay in a space station that orbited the planet Fedor-4 arguing with Agents of Ea about their cargo getting damaged. 
"The cargo arrived here in the exact condition as when I received it on Doldoria.”  Then Captain Disipasepin shot a scolding glance over at Windock/Begalius, who walked with its friend Geben Lockfreedow toward the shuttle going down to the surface on the planet.  The Captain eventually backed away from his prosecution over the cargo payment Ea Agents refused to pay due to what he thought during that glance.
No sooner had Windock/Begalius and Lockfreedow gotten off the planet's shuttle when a coin-shaped physical form flew up to them.  It spoke to them both.  "Greetings.  I know the famous Begalius and its master when they arrive on my planet.  I am a distant fan.  My name is Beatargasyl, a fellow quanta-nanocode entity."
Lockfreedow just looked at Windock with a smile at the end of his snout while Windock spoke.  "Well, I do not know if you know why we are here, but we happen to be seeking a quanta-nanocode entity at this planet like yourself.  Have you any knowledge about what a Star-Door is?"
The flying coin did not know everything about why these visitors were here. 
"What are the Star-Doors?  I am very interested in finding out."
*          *          *
The most distant stars in the original 15-star cluster were the red giant star Tze and its companion white dwarf star Tze-Doldus.  These two stars occupied the outermost extremity to the star cluster and were closest to the Pripican home star Poa's side in the empire. 
That made the original colonists the Pripican species, who were researchers that did form a base colony established on Tze-6, and performed virtual particle and terraforming experiments on different planets that were orbiting these stars.  This activity led to the newer technologies that used virtual particle drives other than fusion reactors to hyper-accelerate spacecraft.
Pripicans figured out how to make heavy objects light by using sound and counter-oscillating electromagnetic currents.  That led the Pripicans to develop the first virtual particle-driven spacecraft that helped tip the victory scales in the Pripican's favor during the Great War.  Their understanding of this technology became enlightened by close-up coronal phenomenon observations between the stars Tze and Tze-Doldus.  That revealed to Pripican scientists how phantom matter forms along the gravitational curvature in the universe.  The coronas surrounding stars are views of the virtual particle phenomenon caused by the star's mass when photons reflect during the brief instant that the virtual particles exist.  Then the virtual particle either disappears to be re-absorbed into the void from which it came or becomes stuck in this reality as a sub-atomic phantom matter particle.  These observations led to the virtual particle drives that could propel spacecraft through space faster-than-light in a warp dimension created by the flipped nuon charges around the spaceship.  These coronal observations led to virtual particle drives because these scientists realized that they were viewing gravity itself.
It had been the BEAT program creations from the creators who made the Star-Doors and established Nephapricus as the most legendary known galactic empire in all Magphoreus history.  What contributed the most to Nephapricus being the largest and most highly advanced galactic empire encompassing the Carina and Orion arms on Magphoreus from one end in the galaxy to the other had been that they created thinking programs that thought and invented for them.  These BEAT programs were also mostly immortal, and many probably still exist somewhere in Magphoreus to this day.
At an advanced research facility on the terra-formed planet Tze-6, two flying disks hovered near each other.  They were larger than most BEAT program physical forms because they were the physical forms for Beatophamus and Beataphoriah, who had customized these disks with extra advanced quanta-nanocoding for their Tze-6 researcher's sake.
"I have called you here Beataphoriah because I need to send you to Tze-Doldus to oversee the latest terra-forming technology."
"It is as you wish, Beatophamus.  You administrate these research projects with great success, and I am here to participate in that success."
"I appreciate your confidence in my administration.  You will fly by solar maneuver drive to Tze-Doldus-2 where you will be prepared further for gene switching experiments on Tze-Doldus-3."
Beataphoriah had helped invent genetically modified plants that grew in an upper atmosphere while a planet's surface could be prepared to host plant life. 
"I understand that Tze-Doldus-3 is now a habitable world growing surface plants, and the pod-pollen trees are getting removed to clear up the atmospheric plant life eventually."
"That is true, Beataphoriah, and now I need you to go there to further genetically modify the life forms that are getting imported to the Tze-Doldus-3 eco-system.  On Tze-Doldus-2, they will further instruct you about recent discoveries called Pentanthropomorphic gene switches.  This job will be a long-term research assignment for you, Beataphoriah."
"It will be as you wish, Beatophamus."
*          *          *
Beatariel the Wizard and Ceres, after two Earth years, finally arrived at the Poa star-system to find themselves enduring a most invasive security screening by the Pripican Defense Forces.  The latter were all over the orbiting spaceport. 
"What is the meaning to all this?”  Ceres had been more accustomed to a less invasive passage through such treatments.
The Pripican security guard replied.  "Much has changed since you began your faster-than-light flight to this planet.  Pripica is not the same planet as a couple of years ago.  You are in for a worse than normal faster-than-light shock.”  A faster-than-light shock is a psychological trauma caused by cultural changes to a planet between journeys that only seem to take a few days to travel at 1.2 times the speed of light.
Eventually, they were allowed to land on the planet's surface in a virtual craft that darted back into the sky after the Wizard cleared the landing ramp.  Once in the world, they found that nobody seemed to be around.  Cities were almost like ghost towns with an occasional Negolim rummaging for food or something.
The Wizard stopped one Negolim. "Where does the populous on this planet reside?  Has everybody died in some plague?"
The Negolim replied, "The populous on this planet still live out-worlder.  They live out their lives in alternate reality universes if they can afford it.  The rest of us survive where nothing mechanical works at all."
Ceres had a communicator.  "My communicator device is still working.  I cannot contact my supervisors, though.  It is not connecting to anything."
They had to walk from the star-port landing to a headquarters where Ceres could hopefully establish contact without a communication device.  The automatic doors still opened with some exertion as long as they were not locked.  There were a couple of agents still working there.
"I am Ceres from assignment on the planet Caleb.  I was looking for Aeyamgor or maybe Hermental."
The Pripican agents were thrilled to have something to do.  "Aeyamgor comes in on the animal-driven wagon that arrives once a week.  She was expecting you, but there won't be a wagon until tomorrow.  Hermental, I am sorry to tell you, died in a raid against the warp dimension business a couple of years ago."
They left to return the next day when her supervisor would be there, and after finding out that nothing would get done to bring Beatnefthes to justice after the failed raid.  Ceres said in disgust, "This planet now reeks with corruption Beatariel."
"I am inspired to employ an exotic element I know about from my collection.  It quanta-synchronizes to basic creation patterns.  Back on Caleb, I have a virus specimen that I could clone with this substance to cast my greatest spell as the Wizard of Caleb."
"That is not what they want me to make sure you do, Beatariel, but after seeing all this, I am all in support for you to work on that project.  We still need a Pripica BEAT program for your Star-Door, and my deceased friend Hermental used to have one named Bejulitiah.  It was destroyed by Beatnefthes in that raid as well."
The Wizard started rummaging through its star-covered cloak.  "I think I have a spell for that problem as long as no airborne quanta-nanocode virus has found this device here in my hand yet.”  It did seem to take a while for quanta-nanocode to self-replicate its way into infecting new technology. 
Much got shut down on the planet by lack of power sources, and as long as equipment had not got used, it might even remain clean from any virus infections.
The Wizard had a device for finding BEAT programs that tracked a tracking molecule included with the original design for BEAT programs to locate them.  The device in the Wizard's hand then found the body for Bejulitiah. "I have a location for your friend's BEAT program.  It still exists but does seem to be broken."
Ceres felt impressed.  "I am impressed, Beatariel.  That secret has been much classified and lost to the ages, yet you discovered it."
The Wizard said, "Well, it was hiding in my design.  The Calebites examined me and figured out this method for locating the future Star-Door entities."
The locator directed them to the same place as the failed raid in the local alternate reality amusement business a year before.
*
Meanwhile, Beatnefthes had finally become bored with its secret pleasure looking in to view Aineemadin's insatiable sexual appetites.  Her behavior had kept them alive on the warped reality they still thought had been the actual reality.  Ralus Xnoga had returned and already fed on several hundred thousand warp reality patrons eaten by the entity that devoured them as stretched out matter into a black sphere.  Now the entity appeared in the reality that had been holding Aineemadin, Hermental, Egolor, and Perzeonaut.  Beatnefthes said, "Master.  I direct you now to a special feast that will put an end to our enemies."
Egolor saw it first, and he ran right to his friend Perzeonaut who he knew would be following Aineemadin around if not moping at his place because she didn't want him following her around.  "Perzeonaut!  It's that black sphere entity coming that we used to see in warp realities.  Do you remember it?  We must be in a warped reality after all."
Perzeonaut had not been far from his love interest when he heard his friend and turned around.  "I remember the black sphere.”  Then he called out to the one-eyed women he had been following around. 
"Aineemadin!  We have to get out from here!"
Aineemadin turned around to see her four and two-legged followers, but it had been too late.  A black sphere also floated in the air behind them about a house in size, and the trees around it began to stretch toward Ralus Xnoga's influence.
Egolor started to run in place under the approaching gravity vacuum.  Perzeonaut and Aineemadin moved toward the devouring black hole in the air while just standing in place.  Then it all stopped, and they all heard the voice from the hovering black sphere echo off the skies above their closed-in false reality.  "I cannot devour this one, Beatnefthes.  Fate has directed you to confront me with a goddess that has in the past shown me ill-will, and she can only be the messenger for a bad outcome."
*
Beatariel found a concealed entryway into the alternate reality business that others made from before who had been sneaking into this business.  Behind them, there had also been another four-legged form that may have been the one who made that entryway.  That Pripican then followed them close behind.  Beatnefthes had been away, busy feeding the prisoners to its master the entity when Ceres and the Wizard entered the secret prison where the failed raid occurred over a year before.
The Wizard turned to Ceres.  "The BEAT program is in this room.  I'll be right back.”  Ceres nodded as the Wizard disappeared in a flash.  The shadow from the one following them poked further into the doorway, astonished by the Wizard's sudden disappearance.
The nanobot body to Beatariel sped around the room focused on specific quantum coordinates fixed upon a molecule that spun in a quantum state that advertised an exact coordinate for that BEAT program's immediate location.  It found broken Bejulitiah pieces spread in places not far from the molecule.  Beatariel gathered what seemed to be all the pieces spread out far and wide as if something blew up the poor program.  Then Beatariel saw two pieces pull together into a single object through some electromagnetic attraction.  That started Beatariel arranging other pieces in appropriate locations.  The body for Bejulitiah pulled itself back together with just a little assistance from another nanobot BEAT program that had direct knowledge about how they probably fit together.
When magnetic forces fully reassembled the body, it just became suspended above the ground, remaining still for an excruciating time amount.  Beatariel then started to figure out a way to cause a boot-up.   Then lights and energy sparkled as Bejulitiah began a boot-up sequence all by itself.  Then the nanobot body glowed with the same photonic life that Beatariel also shined with, and it hovered with newly animated life above the floor it had been scattered upon over two years before.
Beatariel greeted the resurrected nanobot that now hovered before it.  "Greetings.  I am Beatariel sent here by my master Ceres, a friend of your deceased master Hermental."
"My master has been killed?”  This news had been shocking news for the newly turned-on Bejulitiah. "What about Beatnefthes, who caused my shut down?"
"You have been shattered into pieces on this floor since the raid you all got defeated in attempting.  Yet for some reason, Beatnefthes still runs this business with impunity."
The quanta-optic-nanocode Wizard reappeared on the macrocosmic plain to report to Ceres.  "I have booted Bejulitiah back to life.  It wants to confront Beatnefthes to avenge its master's death."
"With some preparation, we can seek that goal another day.  Right now, it will not bring its master back.”  Ceres felt that they had already been there too long.
"It could bring its master back."
Ceres turned toward the voice from the one that had been following them.  It had been Persuave left alive a year before on this side to the warp dimension portals after the failed raid. 
"I do not think your friends are dead.  I think they and my friends are prisoners here of Beatnefthes ever since that raid on this place.  My name is Persuave, and I led your friends here that day to save my friends when that raid went terrible.  Since then, I've kept spying on what it was up to in this place.  I've seen it observing our friends in a replica for this reality.  They are also feeding thousands of Pripicans in this place to some entity that looks like a floating black sphere."
Ceres had been interested in any hope that would come by to make her think her old friend was alive and just a rescue away.  "So you think you can lead us to this virtual reality prison my friends are in?"
"When I saw you two sneaking in, I was investigating a lead.  Today, it is turning this portal to a frequency for your friend's warp dimension to watch them also be eaten by the entity."
The Wizard spoke.  "Well, let's get going to at least catch up with Bejulitiah, who has already decided to rescue the prisoners."
*
Sometimes Aineemadin just acted and did not think about what she said or did.  It had evolved from her centuries impersonating the Doldorian goddess Anemdinio, and she had learned with the years to always just go with it because it never seemed to be the wrong thing at the time to say or do.  This moment turned out to be a time like that as she yelled out to the black sphere, "I the goddess that the light that to once again you from your plans to oblivion to all you devour bring chase comes heralds am."
The black sphere seemed to turn around and run away from Aineemadin's goddess act.  She always had been left baffled by why she sometimes said things like that.
Then Persuave suddenly came from nowhere in a portal opening that appeared in thin air.  "Come on, you two.  You have been trapped in a warped reality for a long time now."
*
Beatnefthes became confused by the reaction from Ralus Xnoga to someone who was just another meal.  Then Bejulitiah flew into the robot's physical Beatnefthes form and collided with its nanobot body within the robot controlled by the BEAT program.  "Time now for my rematch with you, Beatnefthes!"
Beatnefthes got up from the floor inside the robot and started to glow again with another deadly electromagnetic blast. 
"Bejulitiah!  I never could find your pieces, but I never thought you would ever come back together again.  You are still too weak to generate one of these."
Then another blast from nowhere slammed Beatnefthes through the side to the robot out from sight.  Beatariel flew up to Bejulitiah and said, "I am not sure that blast destroyed our enemy."
Then Bejulitiah replied, "It gives us time for this rescue to work if nothing else."
*
Hermental left the place he had lunch at to see what all the commotion was about outside.  It had been a black sphere hovering in the air and sucking up trees and buildings in the distance.  Then someone placed a furry hand on his shoulder.  He turned and became startled by what he saw.  "Ceres!  What are you doing here?"
"I am back from Caleb, but right now, I have to get you out from this warp reality prison you have been in for the last couple of years."
The voice from Ralus Xnoga in the distance screamed with frustration as a brilliant light blast seemed to make the entity disappear before Hermental, who had been the last prisoner to escape through the doorway in the air.
Later, after the rescue got completed, Perzeonaut visited Aineemadin with only one thing on his mind.  That had been when the human-looking Perzeonaut and the one-eyed squid-like Aineemadin finally made love that night together for their first night back in reality, and nothing could have been better than the real thing.
*
Several light-years away on Doldoria, Mejoldor scientists in the City of Arkadius had figured out how to make the probe in warp-space generate a light frequency from a sound that could banish the Ralusio Xnogaio presence.  As Ralusio Xnogaio feasted on Pripicans in their warp realities on the planet Pripica, the scientists on Doldoria began to detect the manifestation from the dreaded black hole's event horizon dream in their galaxy sector again.  They were able to locate the entity with their probe.  Then they tried the light trick to see if it banished the entity like the last time, and it worked.  It had interrupted those feasts on Pripica and almost awakened Ralus Xnoga from sleep entirely.  The entity swooned away from that dream to explore another tantalizing location on the dream carousel revolving around the galaxy itself.  Then the Ralus Xnoga dream became aware regarding the small insignificant Doldorian probe that had made that horrifying light in the first place.  That was when Ralusio Xnogaio utterly destroyed the Mejoldor scientist's remote mechanism.  The scientists half expected that they would probably lose contact with the probe after that one.

Chapter 13

Bejulitiah became the Poa Star-door quanta-optic-nanocode entity, and many were there to watch the transformation.  Bejulitiah, Hermental, Aineemadin, Egolor, Persuave, Perzeonaut, Beatariel the Wizard, and Ceres were all back in Egolor’s bedroom.  Egolor’s mother still lived there and was lost in tears to see her long-lost son, who had been gone for two Pripican years. 
Then Beatariel showed Bejulitiah some tricks that it had become proficient within eradicating the Egolor household from quanta-nanocode virus infections.  Egolor’s eyes widened in disbelief as his nonworking computer began booting up.  News traveled fast in the now primitive Pripican city, and before long, a local Pripican crowd appeared there to watch the star-door seed on the floor in Egolor’s bedroom transform into a portal matrix doorway.  It spun on the floor for several minutes, flashing different colors like a high-tech disco strobe light.  It then morphed from a tiny round seed into a rectangular portal. 
Then out from the matrix field that filled the doorway with fractal white noise, Bejulitiah stepped forth.  The quanta-optic-nanocode body chosen by Bejulitiah had been a female humanoid of Pripican decent.  She became covered with short black fur that spread across her tight body that sauntered more like a cat.  Her choice for seductively revealing clothes made Aineemadin fight off the impression that this had possibly been to make her jealous.
Hermental just gulped.  Then Bejulitiah said, “Well, what do you think?”
Hermental laughed.  “You look terrific, Bejulitiah.”  It became apparent to everyone except Bejulitiah that Hermental had never before envisioned the BEAT program as a female.
Bejulitiah then looked at the Wizard with a mutual understanding about what had to get done.  Then the furry female spoke.  “Right now, it is important that I take this Star-Door into space.  I can take any among you with me in this portal matrix and drop you off at a space colony.”
Many residents were beginning to form a line at the doorway for the portal matrix that would soon fly off into space.  Many Pripicans forced to live on the Stone Age planet had endured enough, and they were now ready to leave the defeated world.
Ceres turned to the Wizard, who seemed lost in another typical distant stare.  “We can catch a starship to the star Paz at the orbital space station to establish our next star-door.”  
The Wizard still just stared into space. 
“Beatariel?  Are you listening?” she said.
The quanta-optic-nanocode bodies were macrocosmic physical forms for the quanta-nanocode nanobots that still existed within microscopic physical structures.  Beatariel, at that moment, became focused within that physical form where it had taken Peepoh and Osquimsh from the Calebite Wizard’s head as companions and advisors for this journey.
Within the coin-shaped physical form hidden within the quanta-optic-nanocode body, Peepoh challenged the nanobot Beatariel to prove to all the skeptics back on Caleb that it was a real Wizard by casting its most extraordinary spell.  “You shall prove your title Wizard well into future Nephapricus legends with this spell.”
Osquimsh squatted down to advise Beatariel.  The nanobot BEAT program was still like an insect in the microscopic Calebite construct presence.  “This quanta-synchronized clone from a nanocode virus, when neutralized by the right instrument, will cast such a spell thus to end this virus war on at least three planets.”
This temporary distraction from the macrocosmic dimension led the Wizard to a decision.  “Ceres, we must return through this star-door to Caleb, where I shall gather the materials to cast my greatest spell.”
*
When Bejulitiah became quanta-synchronized with a quanta-optic-nanocode body, Beatnefthes immediately knew it.  That had been because the cloning process that created these quanta-optic-nanocode bodies used the same header as Beatariel.  When that header became flipped by the cloning process, it turned into the same header as Beatnefthes. 
Due to this, no matter what star-door entity got created, Beatnefthes became disturbed by it, and it drove the run-amok BEAT program insane.
“Why do you no longer hear my calls, master Ralus Xnoga?  The enemies escaped creating a macrocosmic clone from me that now merges with the Bejulitiah program I once destroyed.  I need you, Ralus Xnoga, to tell me what I must do.”
Ralus Xnoga had only been silent after being torn from this dream again by the blinding light from Alldegallo’s Mejoldor probe.  Beatnefthes could only wait in the warp dimension for a response that would not come.  Nothing happened until another side effect from quantum-synchronicity affected the portal to the warp dimension where Beatnefthes was so it could call out to its master.
“What is this?”  Beatnefthes flew up to a portal that suddenly appeared from nowhere in this warp dimension.  Beatnefthes knew this had not been its master Ralus Xnoga but still calculated that this may still be an answer to its calls.  It had been a portal to another portal created by the same portal matrix design as its own warp dimension business.”
Upon the fuzzy fractal patterns within the entrance to the portal that appeared in midair, there were emerging images with Ceres and the Wizard traveling the newly established wormhole between the planets Pripica and Caleb. 
“I hear, master.  I hear.  You have told me about your child that they deny the birth at the star Yat where I discern this portal goes.  Now I understand my master Ralus Xnoga.  I shall free that phantom matter singularity to claim its destiny to swallow the star Yat.”
At that moment, through the other portal in this warp dimension emerged the robot Beatnefthes body in response to the nanobot program’s call.  Beatnefthes ran through the doorway to the planet Caleb as a 4-legged robot body in that physical form.
*
Ceres and Beatariel the Wizard emerged through the portal on Caleb to the confusion from some recent destruction.  There were noises when they appeared, and equipment in the portal matrix room became damaged before something broke out the closed doorway, which got opened by getting destroyed into pieces.
“What happened in here?”  Ceres reached for a concealed pistol weapon she kept in her pouch.
Ever since it first arrived on Pripica, the Wizard could sense the one from which it originally had been cloned into existence.  “I know who is here.  I sense Beatnefthes has somehow followed us here.”
They looked everywhere for the intruder but could not find the renegade BEAT program.  Still, Beatariel could sense it as if the program had been near, but it could not pinpoint where this intruder hid.
*
Calebax saw the robot Beatnefthes body running through the warp dimension between portals within the warp dimension that had been the bridge between the wormholes.  It almost dispatched some flying Calebite constructs to Caleb to notify Beatariel.  Still, every Calebite that made up the tree-like Calebax form suddenly became aware of something else.  The million warp dimensions that housed many million Pripicans on the planet Pripica began to interface with its warp dimension.  Calebax became paralyzed by a million souls in a million realities that all crossed the consciousness with every single Calebite at once.  Nobody foresaw the effects of establishing a star-door on the same planet with similar warp dimension technology for alternate reality entertainment.  The evolutionary game that Calebax played took on a whole other level slamming the tree-like Calebax form with a relentless psychic tsunami-sized tidal wave that would never recede from the shores of consciousness again.  That consciousness where once Calebites walked with confident sanity had become where they suddenly needed to learn to swim metaphorically.
*          *          *
The star-doors were the evolution to the BEAT programs, which at first the Pripicans needed to create the first quanta-nanocode programs.  The BEAT programs had served their purpose after making the interfaces and compiler technologies for quanta-nanocode. 
However, the BEAT programs were brilliant entities that would not just turn themselves off.  The Pripican scientists feared the implications from their creations, so as a precaution, they programmed the BEAT programs to be answerable to a macrocosmic master.  Most BEAT programs serve purposes to this day for various chosen masters, except for some that had evolved past that programming.
One such liberated BEAT program named Beatnidney, the master-less traveler had accompanied the starship “Priptanga” through its millennia-long career as a Pripican exploratory vessel.  After well over 4 thousand Earth years, the Priptanga got flown to its final destination on the surface to the star Pea’s fourth planet. 
The Captain had retired and sold the older .6 times the speed for light hyper-acceleration drive starship to a scrap company that sold it to brave colonists who inhabited an uninhabitable mercury-sized planet in the Pea star system.  That had been all that had been wrong with the Priptanga, and the Pea-4 colonists got a deal far better than ever imagined.
The travels with the Priptanga’s longer-than-expected journeys through space were the stuff from legend.  There had been a partly true legend that began to explain the Priptanga’s extended longevity.  The Captain that had last inherited the Priptanga also had been handed down the myth about the ghost in the star-ship that would keep the ship working flawlessly forever.  The Captain, over the years, seemed to have become convinced about the superstition.  There had been nothing wrong with the over 4,300 Earth-year-old Priptanga except that it had outlived all its Captains.  The colonists from Pea-4 were decelerating the ship into the Pea star system.
Jardopdad had flown the ship six light-years from Holdus to get the starship in the Pea star system, and after more than 11 Earth years on this side to hyperspace, he felt tempted to become the ship’s next Captain.  “Let’s fire up the maneuver drives and see what this starship can still do.”
The navigator had been flying longer than the want-to-be Captain.  “We still have some more decelerating to continue before we are really within the Pea star system.  We are not ready to switch to maneuver drives.”
“Nonsense!  Point the ship toward that bright light ahead of us, and let’s fly in with a decelerating maneuver drive.”
“That is easier to say than to do CAPTAIN.”  The reference to Jardopdad as ‘Captain’ had been in mockery, but Jardopdad rather liked its sound.  “Fire up the maneuver drives, and I’ll fly her in if you don’t want to.”
The navigator thought better about the idea for giving the controls to the Captain, so he tried flying the old ship into the Pea star system with maneuver drives as ordered.  He did reasonably well, but as he feared, they were not stopping fast enough without using the fusion plume in the hyper-acceleration engine to slow the speed down.  The ship’s fusion plume still just burned in idle mode in the reactor at the back of the spaceship.  The navigator dodged comet clusters that cluttered the outer solar system like an ice, dust, and debris shell.
Jardopdad thought he had it figured out from watching the navigator, shoving him aside.  “Let me fly this thing.”
“You fool!  We have to reposition the hyper-acceleration drive before the warp shield fails us.”
“I have this. … Wait!  No, I don’t.”
The navigator began to pull Jardopdad away from the controls when the legendary ghost in the ship took over.  Jardopdad, the 2nd generation Eagolim from Pripican decent, had been thrown away from the navigation mechanism by the more robust four-legged 1st generation Eagolim Navigator.
The Captain want-to-be, as he got back up, seemed grateful to have been tossed aside.  He noticed the navigator now really seemed to know what he was doing.  “That is some good flying.  I … I am sorry I tried to take over.”
The navigator then started backing away from the controls.  “I am not flying this ship.”
The starship Priptanga repositioned the fusion plume all by itself and stopped the ship just before the orbit from a nearby gas giant would have gravitationally slingshot the spaceship in some other unintended direction.  This event would be added to the many legends about the ghost for the good fortune that sometimes controlled the ship called The Priptanga.
Some didn’t believe it, but others were loyal to the Priptanga and had been on this ship much longer, so they knew better.  The truth was that the BEAT program named Beatnidney, the master-less traveler, secretly inhabited the spaceship.  It had been necessary for BEAT programs to serve a purpose, and the Priptanga had become Beatnidney’s purpose.  Like the ship, this BEAT program finally had been ready to settle down for a while.  The spaceship landed on the planet near other colony structures that would eventually get linked with the ship and its still functioning life support system.
A good portion of this Pripican colony got made with still working retired starships.  Suppose the unpredictable Pea star system made another crater on the uninhabitable planet Pea-4 in a much-anticipated unexpected cosmic disaster.  In that case, they could quickly evacuate the colony in still flyable spaceships.  This colony now had a friendly ghost to help keep things working.  Some in the settlement involved with the ship’s purchase already had speculated that a helpful BEAT program had probably been behind the legends.  They welcomed the first BEAT program to their precarious habitat in the remote star system.
*          *          *
The star Ko on the side of the cluster closest to Doldoria had also been an uninhabitable star system, still colonized despite that fact by Doldorian space travelers with something to prove to the other two intelligent alien species in the cluster from whom they inherited their technologies.  There were no BEAT programs in the Ko star system.  Aside from orbital starbases, the Ko-2 Mars-sized planet had been where sparsely scattered domes marked the struggling colony on the planet that had been almost without an atmosphere under the highly magnetic star.
The Doldorians struggling on Ko-2 had proudly refused assistance from the superior aliens that they still reluctantly acknowledged were their gods.  It was essential for the blue-skinned Doldorians on Ko-2 to struggle alone to prove that they were as evolved as their gods.  Many a passing Pripican and Nephrican space traveler who passed by the star would feel sorry for the scattered white domes that represented the surface colony where they lived.  None wanted to immigrate there, and they rarely visited the domes that stood alone against the nasty windstorms that still pelted them whenever a small asteroid would collide with the planet to scatter debris, which often happened on the world with an atmosphere filled with un-breathable gasses.
For the Ko-2 colonists, being underestimated had been a local secret that kept them in good humor in this hostile environment.  The big secret about the struggling surface domes, which sometimes got repaired in haste after particularly aggressive rock storms, had been that the Doldorians never much populated the surface structures. 
Most in this Doldorian colony lived underground in carefully excavated cities that spread across almost a third of the main continent.  Ko-2 had recently created oceans that were slowly nurturing the thin atmosphere, made in the last millennia with many thousand carefully guided comets from the outer solar system.  They harnessed water and geothermal power that would probably remain reliable for many years.
Above this seemingly fleeting colony, the highly militarized orbital space stations were still stubbornly under Doldorian control and were asserting the fact that the star Ko belonged to them.  Ko had been the last of the 15 stars in the cluster to mention for this story about the stars Poa, Ea, Holdus, Yat, Dol, Fedor, Gralga, Po, Oa, Koa, Paz, Pea, Tze, Tze-Doldus, and Ko.  These were the 15 legendary Nephapricus stars and the 15 stars that fed ion-fusion generators existing within the great citadels for the fifteen legendary star-doors.
*          *          *
One secret Beatnefthes learned over the years was how to cloak its location molecule, and Beatariel and Ceres had tried unsuccessfully to locate the renegade BEAT program, so they still could not find the intruder.  The robot left surveillance evidence that it had broken out from The Citadel and was at large in the Caleb colony that was surrounding the great dome that had been a mountain-sized dome Citadel made from indestructible exotic elements. 
Eventually, they decided to get back to why they had returned, so they departed in a ship launched from the Citadel, bound for the local star Yat.  The phantom matter singularity orbited at that star while still precariously held in place by fifteen hard-working gravity generators surrounding the invisible distorted light sphere.  The invisible sphere had been partly visible due to gravitational distortion, which made the distant stars slightly stretched into lines along the circular horizon, caused by the singularity’s slowly increasing gravity.  The singularity with strong but still weakly interactive gravity exhibited a visible ring above its equator made up of glowing exotic elements.
The ship flew to the disk-like sparkling colored ring that orbited the invisible belly to the invisible phantom matter singularity.  The ring glowed with radiation from beyond this universe.  All the actual matter that ever entered into this weakly interactive black hole as sub-atomic particles instantly had been spewed out the north and south poles on the singularity as highly evolved exotic matter. 
Only the more invisible phantom matter could get added to the singularity.  Besides evolving the objects that crossed its event horizon, it also stripped elements of any phantom matter connected to it through this wringer.  Photons without mass passed right through the singularity to become slightly bent in their 180,000 mile-a-second course, which created the event horizon with blurred starlight about the size of three large city stadiums on Earth.  Some elements that made up the ring were complicated metals from this universe like gold and uranium, but most were elements that could not exist in this universe, although now they did.
Some matter that swirled in the orbiting ring became made up of neutrons and something else orbited by electron-like particles that traveled exponentially faster or slower than the speed for light in this universe.  Some elements distorted space-time in ways that could only replicate with faster-than-light travel or not at all with known physics.  Some exotic substances went backward in time with their subatomic decay.  These strange, mostly undiscovered exotic elements settled in a Saturn-like ring around the singularity.  The ring around the singularity flickered in a kaleidoscopic multicolored glow.  Beatariel the Wizard had arguably become distracted over the millennia by the fortunes in this ring.  Instead, the Wizard spent time exploring the contents of this still new exotic matter ring other than solving the singularity problem.  The spacecraft on this particular mission had been after the element called Synchrotonium, which had been capable of quantum synchronizing to anything it could get sub-atomically patterned after in a quanta-nanocode cloning process.
Ceres approached the Wizard, who stood on the ship’s bridge and watched the approaching ring where the 15 virtual particle generators came into view like small moons orbiting an invisible ringed planet that pulled against the generators in a constant gravitational struggle to become one with the nearby star.  Behind that scene, the glowing corona around the star Yat hollered in its heat and light language in anger toward the pretentiously close-ringed object.
Ceres decided to bring the Wizard out from its thoughts.  “The sensors detect the element Synchrotonium that you seek, and already the pilot is coordinating our approach.”
The Wizard decided to share what it thought.  “Even out here in deep space, I still sense Beatnefthes as before Ceres.  It could have followed us on this ship.”
Ceres had been humoring what the Wizard felt ever since arriving at Caleb, but they never found the intruder.  “We searched this ship and found nothing on board that could be Beatnefthes or its robot body.  Every single part of this ship got searched.  You have sensed its presence since we arrived here, probably because it is in the same star system.  It is probably still back on the planet Caleb.  The BEAT program detector can find nothing.”
The Wizard became stumped.  “I have been all over this ship myself, and I cannot find that robot anywhere.”
Ceres felt less worried than her companion.  “We will just get these elements you need and be back to Caleb before my body requires sleep.”
The ship decelerated to an orbit above the glowing swirling colored ring.  On top of the small spacecraft stood a 4-legged centaur-like robot clutching tightly to the outer hull on the ship like it had been part of the technologically advanced craft.
*
Robots were dispatched from the ship cargo bay once it became established in orbit above the swirling patch with the element they sought.  The Synchrotonium displayed a plain brown color amongst more interesting phosphorescent features that glowed with hues that the eyes could only explain in the language for colors from the light spectrum in this time and place.  It even looked like rivers where diamonds and gold flowed in the opaque ring’s orbit a couple of meters thick.  The robots gathered the sought-after element acquiring plenty, and it looked like Ceres, after all, would not need sleep before getting back to the planet Caleb.  Still, the dark holes that were the eyes on the watchful Wizard widened as they noticed what they had feared they would see on the viewscreen.
“It is Beatnefthes accelerating towards the virtual particle generators.  It plans on releasing the singularity.”  
The Wizard pointed at the centaur-like robot that flew over the other hard-working robots with different configurations.
Ceres already fired up the maneuver drives to the ship.  “I’ve got it.  I’m bringing the ship in closer.”
Suddenly the star spun into view in an on-and-off strobe created by its flashing magnetic corona streams contrasted by the passing faraway deep space void since the ship suddenly turned beyond control.  The starship had part of its maneuver drive damaged before Beatnefthes had unhitched itself from its free ride to get to the singularity that it wanted to reach.
Then the Wizard in the robe covered with stars also flew outside the ship to collide with its targeted trajectory.  Beatnefthes and Beatariel slammed together in the space vacuum to begin spinning like the spaceship they left behind, which fell dangerously close to the flaming star.
“I will not let you do this.”  The collision with the Wizard hurled them toward the invisible singularity, which hinted at its spherical shape by distorting the starlight near the horizon line circle.
“You cannot destroy me.  I am you, Beatariel.  We are the same, cloned in quantum-synchronicity.  I created you, Beatariel.  Calculate it, and I know you will find that it is true.”  While it spoke, Beatnefthes moved its hind legs up behind the Wizard’s head.
“I calculate that what you say is true, and it has confronted me since I met you on Pripica.  I also calculate that I must live with the consequences from what must get done.”
The robot’s hind legs enclosed on the Wizard’s head and tore the Beatariel/Wizard away from its grip on the robot.  “I calculate the same thing!”
As they spun through space, the robot grabbed the Wizard in its arms with crane-like strength and held the robed body for the Wizard above its head. 
“Good-bye, my brother.  I regret we could not have met as friends, but you and I know we have always hated each other.”
The Wizard at that moment just turned off its quanta-optic-nanocoded mass and suddenly became free from the BEAT program-controlled robot’s grip. 
The robot’s arms swung forward in a throwing motion that failed to include the Wizard, who still hovered next to Beatnefthes. “You have no power to send me into the singularity, my brother.  I calculate that .. “
Suddenly a light flash preceded from a small diamond-shaped spacecraft the size of an Earth child’s kite, which fired virtual particle lazars at the 4-legged, 2-armed robot.  In a flash, Beatnefthes got hurled into the phantom matter singularity within the second before the Wizard could even finish its sentence.
Even before Beatnefthes could escape the robot body, it got stretched into pieces as it approached the invisible event horizon.  The video broadcast voice from Beatnefthes screamed as it became sucked into a hidden hole in this universe.  Then, as fast as the robot disappeared into oblivion, the poles to the singularity set off a spray with sparkles like Fourth of July roman candles.  A rare glimpse into the spherical shape of this invisible phenomenon flickered before all spectator’s eyes.  Some spectators also realized this had been a glimpse into the original phenomenon that first created this universe.  Fortunately, they were either adequately shielded or immune to the gamma-ray effects.
The ship that came to the rescue was much smaller than the Wizard.  It turned out to be a Calebite mining craft on a mission to the singularity to mine elements for the Calebite version of the Wizard.  The Wizard made from Calabites had given some elements away to Captain Nuropdoob for passage to Nephrica that needed replenishing.  They saw from the tiny ship the spinning altercation between the robot and Wizard, along with the out-of-control spacecraft, and the Calebite Captain in the miniature spacecraft made an active decision to intervene.  It became apparent that the Beatariel Wizard needed rescue from a robot attacker.  They had virtual particle tractor beam technology used for mining the rings.  After watching Beatnefthes attempt to destroy Beatariel, they used it as a weapon to send Beatnefthes to its doom.
Ceres got control over the spacecraft just in time with exquisite skill.  She then let the pilot have control again to fly to the already resolved scene above the flickering remains from Beatnefthes that were now floating from the singularity poles to settle into the equatorial rings.  The Wizard thanked the hundred microscopic inhabitants in the tiny Calebite spaceship by that time.  Then the Wizard returned through the cargo bay on its spacecraft and a dozen robots carrying the Synchrotonium they needed to end the virus wars.
Ceres greeted the Wizard once it reentered the ship’s life-supported environment.  “So the BEAT program was destroyed by the singularity?”
“I do not sense its presence any longer, but it doesn’t exactly feel like it is gone either.  It has just evolved into something exotic.”
*          *          *
On the planet that orbited the star 40 light-years away from the 15-star cluster, there had been the life that flourished in pristine lushness even to rival Doldoria, which Captain Trunlio Rothman from the Nephaprican Space Corporation still approached.  Seas on this planet breathed against the shores in waves made up of more assorted fish, plankton, algae, and life than water.  There were also lizard-like creatures with sentient intelligence.  These lizard creatures on this world, much more significant than Earth, were known as 2nd Born Incapricans.
These Incaprican inhabitants on this jungle-like planet lived in simple cities that barely hinted at the advanced technologies that ran things just like most advanced societies, yet in more self-sustaining harmony with the still untamed nature of the planet.  Their humanoid lizard-scaled bodies were as covered in tattoos as clothing, and the skin-art patterns blended into nature’s reptilian scales with a mesmerizing effect.  One city on this planet carved into the side of a canyon that shot out from jungles at its base like the pueblos the ancient American Indians built on Earth. 
Within one cliff side window were two Incapricans sitting on the floor facing each other with cards spread out between them.  Two from the planet’s six moons crossed their crescents in the sky outside the open window to join the brilliant bar on 2nd Age Magphoreus to shine a light that filled the dimly lit room upon the nighttime card game.
One had been the questioner while the other drew from something in her hand that looked like playing cards.  “There issss a sssship approaching our planet from the sssstars from which thissss isssss foresssseen.”

Second Born Incapricans

“Do they come in peac(sss)e or for waging war?”
One with the cards drew another and placed it on the floor in a symmetrical pattern next to other cards getting interpreted.  “Thisss card ssssayssss they come in peac(sss)e, and they probably will not attack until the next visssit.”
They both studied the cards on the floor before them.  They looked at each other with a mutual understanding of what this meant.  Then the questioner stood up and acknowledged their experience.  “I will communicate all of thissss informat(sss)ion to the counc(ss)il.  They will communicate thisss to the Firsssst Born when they visssit usss again.  They will know what mussst get done about the aliensss about to visssit thisss planet.  The Firssst Born have long obssserved the life formsss from the sssstarssss from which they come to ussss from.”

Chapter 14

Beataquatle zipped around the City of Sochaca on the planet Paz-2 in a frantic attempt to figure out the gate problem.  It had located the source for the problem, which originated from a deposit in the 2nd Pripican Colonial Bank of Sochaca.  It had been some self-replicating intelligence made from quantum-bit molecules like itself.  It had spread undetected until it found that the best way to bring this city down would be to bring down the gates to the city and allow the vicious animal multitudes known as the Ganechay to tear the colony apart. 
Beataquatle had tried the direct approach against the microscopic invasion.  It attacked the infection with concentrated light and flame only to be confronted by more viruses better adapted to that approach.  It flew in its coin-shaped physical form to report to the Pripican leader on the futility they faced.
The BEAT program hovered before the furry leader who stood on four legs behind a desk with more controls, buttons, and view screens than space to put an object upon it.  "This is a quantum-bit attack that is sabotaging our technological infrastructure.  Sir, this is an act of war upon the planet Paz-2."
The leader looked at the hovering BEAT program without any surprise in his eyes.  "I have contacted Pripica about this, and we are indeed in a war, my friend.  Nephrican interests have devised a self-replicating quanta-nanocode program that suffocates all technologies on a planet.  It had already rendered the great planet Pripica as primitive as this planet before we came."
"Does Pripica have any idea how we can combat these self-replicating microscopic menaces?"
The hovering disk that contained Beataquatle followed the leader, who then trotted over to the window to look down on his vulnerable city.  The window displayed a view to one gigantic gate that used to separate their comfortable civilization from the hostile life beyond.  Yet, now it had been open, the gate completely retracted into the ground. 
Beyond the open gate, as far as the eyes could see, were Ganechay multitudes gathering to attack the open gate with enough waves with sacrificial attacks to overwhelm the defenses.  On the city side to that gate were colonists and tanks gathering to defend against the gathering animal attack.
The leader looking out the window, finally spoke.  "They will relentlessly concentrate their attack until they overwhelm us."
The flying disk approached the dismal view through the window.  "Our lasers will slice up many Ganechay in the first attacks."
"Their strategy will be to overwhelm us with superior numbers.  Already they outnumber our population on the other side to that wall.”  They looked like elephants with two elephant-like noses growing where their ears should be.  They were hairless mammals and hauntingly intelligent as they roared amongst themselves, gathering the courage for the next attack.
Beataquatle began calculating something.  "They would be considered intelligent life if only they could be reasoned with beyond their vicious nature."
The leader had much respect for his enemy.  "Our scientists have tried to document an intelligent language, but they are too difficult to approach.  They are a formidable life form, to say the least.”  The leader became silent while he contemplated.  "How many colonists should I allow to die before we save ourselves with an evacuation?"
Beataquatle calculated it was time to evacuate now.  "We should start an evacuation into space before this infection strands us here.  I should inspect each ship before it takes off for any quanta-nanocode infection."
The leader held his hand, trying to halt the hovering disk that talked. 
"Not so fast, my friend.”  He walked over to an idling quantum-communication device in a corner to his office and switched it on.  "To answer your question what Pripica knows, I'm introducing Hermental, who has much to advise about what we are up against for combating this menace."
There a furry humanoid from Pripican decent hologram appeared now in the room.  "Greetings, Beataquatle.  My name is Hermental, and I am also the master for a BEAT program named Bejulitiah, who has defeated these attacks before.  They are called quanta-nanocode viruses."
The physical form now hovered before the Hermental hologram.  "How can I defeat this virus before the City of Sochaca falls again?"
"I will introduce you to Bejulitiah, who can help you immensely with that.  I also have news that might mean you have only a few moments to wait before this virus problem becomes solved on all planets for all time."
"Tell me more about how that is possible."
After the usual ten-second delay with a Quantum Communication device, Hermental smiled.  "Have you ever heard about the Wizard of Caleb?"
Beataquatle knew more than most Nephapricans about the ancient legendary Wizard.  "You mean the BEAT program Beatariel, the great Citadel creator.  Those stories about the Wizard's many feats and wonders go back centuries.”  
The disk's words stopped for the 10-second delay.
"Well, the Wizard of Caleb is moments away from casting a spell with quantum synchronization, which should affect every central virus with the same quanta-nanocode construction."
*
Ceres trotted through the streets in the colony on Caleb.  She always enjoyed the colony shops and the roads where they drove hardly any vehicles because the great Wizard invented teleportation technologies.  Among the primarily Nephrican crowd were other Pripicans who indulged their genetic love for walking everywhere they went.  There were free teleportation points throughout the city for traversing great distances where anyone could go almost anywhere they wanted to go on the planet.  Far beyond the colony buildings, some mountains still were covered with the wild nature and trees that initially were brought to the world from several light-years away.
It had been about time for Ceres to return to a teleportation portal to get back to the Citadel dome, which towered in the distance above the mountainous horizon, when a passing Nephrican colonist recognized her.  "I who you are know.  You the one who the Wizard accompanies are.  Not you are?"
Ceres stopped to greet a fan.  "Yes.  I am Ceres, the Wizard's assistant, as you say."
"We colonist that the Wizard an impostor of some kind for some time is have suspected."
Ceres had been taken aback by the confrontation.  "That is preposterous.  I have been with the Wizard for over a thousand Caleb years, and the Wizard I assist today is the real Wizard of Caleb.”  She knew that the Calebite Wizard, who used to serve as Beatariel's physical form, now gallivanted to the other stars in Nephapricus to cause this controversy.  However, she worded her response to be still valid. 
Beatariel had always been the real Wizard behind the humanoid-shaped Calebite construct, and the colonists were always kept in the dark about the Wizard's true BEAT program nature due to direct orders from her authorities on Pripica.
Then the colonist made one more accusation before letting Ceres escape into the teleportation station.  "Some evidence that the Wizard here really a hologram program is claim."
Ceres got impatient with the enquiring Nephrican. "The Wizard does indeed take many forms.  I think that is the source of your skepticism.  Let me assure you that I go now to the Citadel to assist the Wizard with one of his greatest spells.  Then you will all witness the documentation and know that the Wizard is alive and well within the Citadel.  Now, if you'll excuse me."
Ceres came through the teleportation portal to emerge within the Citadel, where the Wizard worked controls that were positioning microscopic instruments around a quanta-nanocode object.  Also, the Caleb colony council members became summoned along with journalists to document the Wizard's latest spell.  Above the controls manipulated by the Wizard, a large view screen in the room displayed two identical microscopic nanobot constructions held in place by vice-like solid molecules. 
One nanobot was made from synchrotonium and had been cloned from the other central virus on the other side to the split view screen.  It had been the primary virus captured by Calebax, which now struggled between the tweezers-like tongs molecule.
The Wizard turned from the controls to address the crowd brought here to document this event.  "Here, you can see these two quanta-nanocode central viruses are identical down to the last atom by a cloning process that produced this nanobot, made with synchrotonium.  Synchrotonium is one of the exotic elements I have documented.  I can produce synchrotonium with the phantom matter singularity.  I shall now demonstrate the power in the quantum-synchronicity produced by this element, thus effectively ending the virus war that has lately got waged on various colonies throughout Nephapricus."
The Wizard continued.  "Before you is a central quanta-nanocoded virus captured before it could destroy the technological infrastructure for our great planet Caleb with self-replicating viruses that would have spread to every corner in our society.  Also, before you is a version of the same central virus cloned with synchrotonium.”  Then the Wizard cast the spell.  "Behold now, the power in this greatest of spells."
The Wizard returned to the controls where the cloned nanobot writhed in defiance under the vice molecules that held it in place on the screen.  Then a thin needle only two atoms thick at the tip began poking into the view screen on the side for the synchrotonium version, inching its way toward the helpless synchrotonium nanobot program.  On the other side of the screen, the nanobot just turned within its vice grip from side to side in anticipation of something unknown.  The needle pricked into the nanobot synchrotonium clone body, which threw a final seizure panic before falling limp onto the spike, dead and lifeless.  At the same time, the other central virus also threw a dramatic spasm that resembled pain, and then it fell lifeless within the vice molecule clutches.
The Wizard turned to the crowd with a victory smile.  "I have just ended the existence of every quanta-nanocode central virus.  This virus war is now over."
As the council members began leaving with a still lingering skepticism about what they had just witnessed, Ceres began to follow the Wizard out from the demonstration room.  Behind them, some Calebite constructs, which most colonists still thought were robots, came out the walls to secure the devices that contained the microscopic quanta-nanocoded voodoo spell victims.  Ceres trotted to catch up with the Wizard, who now marched off to another purpose.
"So you believe this synchrotonium spell will end this war?"
The Wizard led Ceres to the Caleb star-door portal matrix.  "Why don't you join me on this walk to the planet Pripica, and we shall find out together if my magic works."
Beatariel had already arranged for Bejulitiah to take the star-door back down to the Pripica surface.  They both thought it was peculiar not to see Calebax within the warp space between portals, but that had not been very unusual where reality folded itself into inconceivable dimensions.  As they emerged on the planet Pripica, Ceres felt a bit intimidated by a tight young humanoid beauty of Pripican descent, which had been Bejulitiah's new physical form. 
The sexy BEAT program even ran up and gave the Wizard a tight embrace.  "You have done it, Beatariel!  Look.  Even now, lights are turning back on for the first time in over a year.”  It was true, and the desolate urban landscape on Pripica now had been lit up in the evening dusk, like a lavish Christmas display turned on over some classic architecture that resembled the Vatican.
Ceres had to admit that Bejulitiah had become a cute little furry thing these days.  It was true.  The Wizard of the Citadel ended the virus war on all planets struggling with the quanta-nanocode infections.  The spike-like replicas from the central virus quickly deteriorated away as primary viruses went limp after painful seizure fits, just like the virus that produced the voodoo clone.  After some celebration, Ceres and the Wizard were ready to ride a ship to the space station to arrange a trip to the next star system, where they would establish another star-door.  That had been when Aeyamgor, Ceres' superior, finally caught up to her.  "Ceres, I am sorry it has been so challenging to get to you.  I had to hike when the usual transportation failed to arrive.  I understand you want to finally be relieved from your responsibilities regarding the Beatariel program.  I am now ready to arrange for your replacement."
Ceres already had been getting on the ship to keep her responsibilities.  "That will not be necessary, Aeyamgor.  I shall continue to assist this BEAT program with the task of containing the Yat phantom matter singularity.  After all these centuries, I think we shall finally have that problem solved very soon."
The Wizard approached after wondering what held up Ceres.  "I assure you, my lady, that a black hole singularity will not be the undoing to our great galactic Nephapricus culture."
Ceres and the Wizard then boarded the spacecraft off the planet.  Ceres became ready to spend the next forty Earth years traveling from star to star with new enthusiasm.  "All goes according to plan, Beatariel."
"Yes, Ceres.  All is going according to plan.”  Beatariel found itself wondering what it meant when it said that.  It came from some part in itself that it had felt since the Beatnefthes death.  Something had passed from Beatnefthes to Beatariel, and little did Beatariel know that it brought it closer to its new master Ralus Xnoga.
*
Several light-years away on Paz-2, the tense standoff had been about to erupt.  Some Ganechay had begun testing the open gate that still invited an attack, only met with laser fire that sliced them down into meat piles by the entrance.  This battle continued as the Ganechay herd became more courageous and enraged by their animal brethren deaths getting cut down as they approached.  
Inside the gate, frightened colonists were only made a bit bolder by the high-tech lasers that so far kept the Ganechay out from the city.  Then another animal charged the gate.  
The animal charged a confident colonist who approached the gate with his laser.  "It … It's not firing!  My weapon stopped working!"
The colonist started to run away from the entrance when the Ganechay entered the gate and scooped him up in an arm.  "Aaaaaaaaghhh!"
Then a shot was fired from a colonist whose weapon still worked, and the attacking behemoth collapsed into two pieces with the colonist still struggling at the head side in the snake-like arm.  Other colonists were also struggling with their weapons in a panic since they suddenly stopped working.  They all had suddenly stopped being able to fire their lasers.  It only took seconds for the thousand animals beyond the open gate to seem to figure this out.  Almost in unison, the Ganechay army suddenly all charged at the gate.  Some colonists ran for shelters while others still struggled with triggers on guns that didn't do anything.  Some began to search for peace with the inevitable death that now charged at them with nothing to stop it.  That was also when every central quanta-nanocode virus everywhere in the galactic empire writhed in a pain spasm and then died.  The gates to the City of Sochaca all rose out from the ground due to the loosened deteriorating quanta-nanocode grip.  The Ganechay army smashed against the closed gates that would not breach this day.  Many Ganechay died, crushed by their kind before the charge behind them finally stopped, and they backed away from their siege.  On the other side to the gate, lasers suddenly worked again to shoot against now-closed entrances, and the shots melted parts on the gate into dark craters that still failed to poke through.
*          *          *
The Beatariel, Begalius, and the Calebite Wizard travel continued uneventfully from the virus war's end.  The years went by as they will even at light's speed between stars.  So it had been several decades later when Captain Trunlio Rothman's starship, The Farther Star, finally approached the planet that got discovered, showing signs that it supported life from 40 light-years away.  Even though the time within the faster-than-light starship had been exponentially shorter than outside the ship, it still was a long trip.  The Farther Star decelerated to stop near the planet they had discovered and named New Nephrica.
This experience had been such a long trip for the record-breaking space travel crew because Elsaker, the Nephrican First Mate, was convinced that shape-shifting aliens had infiltrated the ship.  One of his suspects turned out to be the maneuver drive operator, the short 2nd generation blue humanoid named Tholimfog, whom he had ordered to the ship doctor for a complete examination.
Tholimfog stormed right to Elsaker after being found by the doctor to be a genuine 2nd generation dwarf-sized Doldorian Eagolim.  Elsaker did not mind being easy to find by the suspect.  "Thou dost insult my very nature and deal cruelty unto all the moral left to this risky endeavor.  Thou should thus be examined for thy mental inadequacies to remain at the grand station that thou doth so abuse!"
"You nothing to from the examination hide had, and from this matter for vital security to this ship and crew can so be eliminated.”  Elsaker became dismissive regarding the short suspect and ready to continue down the other suspects listed.
That just seemed to enrage Tholimfog. "To my smack with spittle doth I regard thy matter for vital security.  To my smack with spittle!"
"I no more time for your primitive Doldorian wordage have."
"Do not thus open thy Nephrican tongue to my insults for thy style in wordage.  Verily it doth fail to conceal thy naked bigotry towards my kind thus."
"Bigotry?  Bigotry for a backward being to believe in silly gods and goddesses still loyal."
"No insult to my gods thus taken from one who knows no more than his ignorant ego!  No shame in that I see beyond my ego and much more.  Smack!  Smack!!!"
It got to be more froth than conversation when the Nephrican Captain Trunlio Rothman waddled in to break up the confrontation that had started to attract an audience.  "Both of you from conflict cease.  Elsaker, I you and two guards to me to the spy you for are looking accompany need.  We just a message from their quarters in this ship to a nearby gas giant planet we are approaching sent detected."
Elsaker indulged his one-eyed look with I-told-you-so to the blue humanoid dwarf.  Tholimfog just decided to follow Captain Rothman and Elsaker to the cook's room, who was also a 2nd generation Eagolim from Doldorian descent.  She answered her door as they began to discuss a plan for gaining access to subdue the alien spy.  "Hello, Captain, I expected you would probably show up about now."
With a gesture from Elsaker, the two guards then grabbed an arm on the unarmed blue female dwarf to pick her up off the ground by them.  Elsaker approached the culprit.  "For sabotage under arrest you are."
She looked the Captain directly in the eye from where the humanoid Nephrican Eagolim guards held her.  "Captain, my name is Idoleadium.  I am a reptilian alien with the ability to molt into different shapes to resemble other life forms.  I am over a million Nephrican years old, and my sabotage is already complete.  I was to send a message to my people whenever you mammals finally arrived at our star system."
The Captain became a bit overwhelmed.  "You our mission sabotaged?  Why?”  That had been only the first couple of questions he now had for the saboteur.
"My kind does not want the still terrestrial life on the planet that you call New Nephrica to become contaminated by your kind.  I am known as a First Born Incaprican, and my kind watches over the 2nd Born Incaprican that live on New Nephrica.  We shall now be escorting your ship to a gas giant moon where we can discuss this under pleasantly habitable and civilized circumstances."
The Captain was about to respond when a message came over the speakers from a Pripican on the bridge shouting so loud you could also hear him down the ship's hallway.  "Captain to the bridge immediately!!!  We are encountering alien craft that is surrounding our position!!!"
They all ran to the bridge with the two guards still carrying the shorter Doldorian spy by her arms.  They arrived on the bridge to join the remaining crew, who looked with silent awe at the scene outside the ship in space.  Nine of the many spaceships were average moon-sized with as alien as possible technological designs.  Smaller ships buzzed to and fro between the flying moons and approached their starship like curious over-sized mechanical insects.  The whole crew that witnessed the scene became speechless, and they became hopelessly surrounded by an alien spacecraft army that left them all in a mood to beg for mercy.  Elsaker also didn't say a word as he looked in awe at the scene outside their ship, but without being told, the two guards just set the spy down on the ground anyway.
*

Captain Trunlio Rothman and crew of The Farther Star

The starship Farther Star had a couple of laser defense weapon turrets against a whole alien armada with craft unlike any ever seen before.  They were elaborate animated biomorphic craft that seemed exclusively powered with some virtual particle drives.  Captain Rothmon did not order any attack, and it never crossed a single crewmember's mind that an attack against this armada would be a good idea.  Captain Rothmon called the spy Idoleadium to his strategy table, Elsaker his First Mate, Makoll Bankf his 1st generation Pripican Science Officer, and Donalbon, his humanoid Nephrican female ship doctor.
Donalbon examined Idoleadium only to conclude that she had been unknown alien physiology that was cold-blooded with a completely different type of cerebral cortex sprouting from her brain stem.  Donalbon continued to prod and examine the spy with only a more increased fascination as the Captain spoke.  "We here to all the information we from you to with these ships outside deal can obtain are."
Donalbon took another blood sample as Idoleadium spoke.  "I, Captain, am an ancient reptilian alien called an Incaprican.  We were galactic travelers long before your species came into existence.  We have been watching your kind and waiting for this inevitable arrival.  We nurture terrestrial versions to our species on the planet you came here to explore.  My kind watches over that planet and does not want this mission to contaminate that project."
Elsaker had a question.  "If you a reptilian shape-shifter, why you not now to your actual form shape-shift do are?"
"My ability to do this takes days of molting.  It has been centuries since I have resembled my natural form.  You are about to be contacted by those like me in their normal form.  There are several species of my kind that you are about to meet.  Not all among us can shape-shift, and most are a different species that you will see who grow to great sizes."
Right on cue, an announcement came from the Communications Officer on the bridge.  "Sir, the ships now us us now with a message are hailing surrounding."
The Captain spoke up.  "The communication through send."
The message included a hologram optical transmission that the controls at the center of the strategy table were able to project.  "Greetingsss Captain Trunlio Rothmon.  My name isss Newtonome.  I will be essscorting your ssship to our homeworld that orbitsss the nearby gasss giant planet.  There we can exchange our ideasss and dissscussss the future for our galactic relationssship."
The hologram didn't do justice to Newtonome's size.  He had a face like a dragon with teeth to match, and a long neck curved his head before his spiked scaled body that looked humanoid with animal-like legs and claws.  Newtonome stood almost 20 feet tall with the neck stretched up, and his hands and legs displayed nails that looked made to rip and tear flesh. 
Clothing draped the body as the only signal that this alien had been intelligent life and not a monster about to devour the crew.
The science officer Makoll Bankf read input from scans outside the ship fleet.  "We have no option, Captain, but to allow these ships to escort us to a hopefully diplomatic solution to this confrontation.  The technologies are in a whole different kind of language to our scan technologies.  These aliens and their ships intimidate with much more than just their superior numbers."
They escorted The Farther Star to the gas giant secured into an orbit above an Earth-like moon that hosted the shining lights from a highly advanced civilization thriving on the surface below beneath a balmy and breathable atmosphere.  Captain Rothmon, Elsaker, Idoleadium, and Makoll Bankf got brought down in the Incaprican boarding craft to an orbiting space station where they witnessed the actual stature of their captor Newtonome. "Thisss isss a great pleasssure Captain.  I have been expecting you."
Makoll Bankf read his portable scanner as he edged closer to the Captain.  "Extraordinary Captain.  This alien has four hearts and cold-blooded physiology."
"We have much to dissscussss, Captain.  I have persssonally ssstudied the evolution in your mammal life formsss sssince your fifteen-ssstar clussster wasss firssst absssorbed into thisss arm on Our Mighty Magphoreussss.  We Incapricanssss have been around longer than your young life form.  Sssome from my kind hasss traveled to your ssstarsss, asss you now know.”  Newtonome turned his long neck and headed toward the Pripican Science Officer that had been collecting data on him.  "We were the legendary ssssky-beingsss that taught the anc(sss)ient Pripicansss to move great ssstonesss with sssound technologiesss."
Captain Rothmon then found the nerve to speak.  "What else you to Nephapricus influence done have?  What ancient wisdom I from your kind learn can?"
"On that sssubject we ssshall ssspeak well into this moon'sss passsssage into the gasss giant'ssss ssshadow.  We taught the anc(sss)ient Doldoriansss about the photonic age in the firssst age for Magphoreusss when photonic life formssss waged war with the great dark entity who takesss physssical form in the sssuper massssive ssssingularity at the c(sss)enter to Magphoreusss.  That wasss when they extinguissshed the 2nd Age quasssar, and after that life asss we know it began.  That legend hasss ssssince evolved into the Doldorian religeonsss about ssstar-goddesss, and the sssolar god religion for Mejoldor.  We have much to dissscusss, Captain Trunlio Rothmon.  Come and enjoy the ssstay here assss my guessstss."
It became a stay providing endless new data and discoveries about the Incaprican's wisdom.  Their rich and alien heritage went back a billion years, and it became clear that they were getting hosted by life forms far beyond their meager galactic evolution stage. 
The Incapricans told them they could leave the star system whenever they were ready, but they were forbidden to visit the habitable zone planet that had been the mission's goal.  Eventually, after a very extended stay that included new data and strange wonders, the Captain and crew were allowed to return to their ship in orbit around the gas giant moon.  The strange Incaprican ship that brought them back could configure any docking bay with biomorphic technologies sucking up to the ship side like some organic parasite.  Then it opened an orifice within the docking bay to allow the Captain, Elsaker, and Makoll Bankf to return to the starship Farther Star.
Captain Rothmon had not been ready to give up on his mission.  "Makoll Bankf, I you here since they to you seeing are used need.  I you to another with science qualifications comparable to you for the New Nephrica landing mission appoint need."
Makoll Bankf stopped on all fours.  "Captain, these superior aliens have forbidden us from landing on that planet."
"That why this ship with a special virtual particle driven stealth craft in case we have to onto a world sneak is equipped is.  We to fast while our orbit still in the gas giant shadow will need move is."
The Science Officer became excited about the idea.  "Of course, Captain.  I will find a Science Officer for the mission."
They arrived at the bridge where maneuver drive operator Tholimfog the Doldorian dwarf, sat at his post.  Captain Rothmon still discussed the mission.  "The craft cramped will be, and the crew to comfortable with small spaces be will need.”  The Captain then had an idea.  "Tholimfog!  I a mission for you have."
*          *          *
Eventually, the time arrived when Captain Nuropdoob's ship that carried the Calebite Wizard had finally slowed to a stop near the planet Nephrica.  It now had to maneuver the satellite technologies traffic jam, which had been the legendary glow to the highly advanced world when seen from afar.  The Wizard had evolved to accommodate the new Eagolim Calebite breed, non-morphing microscopic humanoids that now lived symbiotically with the regular Calebites who made up the Wizard's body.  The humanoid Calebites lived in homes constructed by regular Calebites and traveled in Calebite vehicle constructs.  Eventually, the Wizard would probably have to return to Caleb to replace the aging 1st Generation Eagolim Calebites with regular Negolim Calebites.  Still, so far, they all had stopped dying from natural causes, and the new life spans would probably last a thousand Earth years.  The problem had been that they were still giving birth to more humanoid Calebites.
The Wizard stepped off the landing craft to head for the starport terminal to retrieve his luggage.  Deep within the Wizard were Calebites discussing plans for finding Beatarkameed with the Wizard's locator technology.  Other Calebites were dispatched in a microscopic craft to use information obtained on Glokodox to locate a group called the Council of 32.  The Council of 32 ran something called Operation Prospero, which also had something to do with the wormholes they were creating. 
The Wizard had dispatched a spying mission to find out what had happened.  As he left the spaceport, the Wizard held a device in his hand that had already located Beatarkameed.
*
Beatarkameed had returned to Nephrica defeated and bankrupted from the battle for Pripica, and nobody on Nephrica liked a loser.  The other owners challenged the BEAT program's outstanding ownership for the Quantum Communication business, and Beatarkameed became stripped from its authority position in the company.  Then there were the war crime allegations currently being handled by the lawyers it had hired.  Nephrican agencies called for the rich BEAT program's arrest, and Beatarkameed hid in its coin-shaped physical form that still sat on its office desk.  Then the Wizard entered the room.
The Wizard walked right up to the disk and looked down at the physical form.  "I know you are in there, Beatarkameed.  I have come to discuss my offer to make you a star-door entity."
After some time and other calls, the Wizard dispatched some Calebites to enter the physical form and find the prodigal BEAT program.  It had been a tight squeeze for Calebite constructs, but they found an entrance.  Beatarkameed had been plotting more ways to serve its master Ralus Xnoga when it heard the Wizard's call from within the physical form.  It didn't care about anything other than to serve oblivion and the devourer of souls.  It grew angry at the Wizard's persistence with the offer.  Then it started to hear something that it had never heard before. 
It had been a silent song that hummed beneath the currents for perception, and it stabbed right into the spell Ralus Xnoga had placed upon the curious BEAT program.  It came from the sound from the many trillion radio languages spoken between Calebites, which made up the Wizard body.  It had grown louder with each step the Wizard took towards the desk where its physical form lay.  The nanobot Beatarkameed body began to spin with the loud radio noise.  It had been a spell that the Wizard learned from data found on Glokodox, which he figured out how to cast, and it left Beatarkameed's nanobot body limp on the ground within the tiny disk on the desk. 
That had been how the Calebites dispatched by the Wizard discovered Beatarkameed, laying still like a tiny glowing bug asleep on the ground, and finally broke from the Ralus Xnoga spell.  Beatarkameed awoke as if it had slept through the last couple of years, and it now awoke in the Wizard's skull amongst other Calebite thinking constructs. 
"How are you feeling, Beatarkameed?  Our natural language had never affected BEAT programs like that before."
Beatarkameed had been like a tiny floating light spec in the air around the larger Calebite giants.  "That sound wasn't attacking me.  It was scrambling some control an entity had over me.  I encountered this entity while observing a group known as the Council of 32."
The thinking Calebites murmured amongst themselves while one explained.  "We know about that group connected with an Operation Prospero, which has to do with our star-doors.  We have dispatched a scout ship to seek them out so we can learn more."
Beatarkameed started buzzing around the Calebites like a spastic glowing insect.  "That scout ship is in great danger.  The Council of 32 knows about Calebites, and they believe they endanger the will for this entity.  Now I think I've experienced why.  They have constructed defenses and can detect and capture Calebite intruders."
*
The Nephrica Council of 32 met in their sacred hall, which had become stained red over the black circle on the floor painted to mark the ring used when the council met.  They were gathered in such a circle, both Nephrican and hairless humanoid forms wearing black robes and creating a line around the disc while facing its center. 
Spilling the Eagolim blood had worked to make contact once again with the mysterious entity Ralus Xnoga.  Once again, this strange group had brought Ralus Xnoga to visual manifestation after others had managed to distract the entity from this vulnerable space sector.  Above the circle in the room appeared the black sphere, which had been the form that the entity with infinite knowledge took.
The entity spoke.  "There are microscopic silicon-based life form intruders I have warned you all about."
A humanoid in a black robe broke the circle to rummage through a wall case looking like an altar in this temple.  "None master shall escape.”  Before the Calebite scout ship that had snuck into the room could do anything, the Council member pointed a device directly at them and fired.
The Calebite constructs within the microscopic ship all were thrown aside by the concussion.  The suddenly powerless craft bounced on the floor a couple of times before resting. 
Another Council member with a wand-like mechanism pointed it towards the microscopic ship.  Then the tiny Calebite ship flew over to attach to the enormous wand's end like a metal speck surrendering to a hovering magnet.
"We these life forms to you master shall sacrifice."
The black orb in the air seemed to swell with approval as the Calebites within the ship scrambled to free the craft from its magnetic attachment to the wand's side.  Then the doors to the room where the black-robed ones met swung open to a 4-legged Pripican who trotted into the room.  "You will be releasing those Calebites!"
"Destroy this intruder!”  It had been the Ralus Xnoga voice with a hint of desperation.
More than a few Council members had laser and projectile weapons beneath their black robes.  The air had been sliced and stabbed into pieces as the weaponry unleashed upon the Pripican, who just stood there and laughed while laser and projectile had no effect.  Then the centaur-like creature attacked in return the robed figure crowd.  Some were well trained in fighting techniques that failed to match the Pripican's lighting speed and hammer-like blows.  Soon all 32 in the Council of 32 were pummeled unconscious on the bloodstained floor.
Still, the black sphere hovered above.  "How dare you defile this encounter?  I shall devour your very soul!”  Objects in the room then seemed to be suddenly sucked into the black orb, like hurricane debris in the wind.  Everything in the room began to be influenced by the relentless pull. 
Still, the Pripican attacker just stood holding the wand that had the scout ship attached to it, unaffected by any among the 32 who were one-by-one getting pulled from the ground into oblivion.
Then the Wizard entered the room to confront the black entity, while some among the 32 unconscious cultists remained.  "I am here to banish you from this place entity for oblivion."
That had only been what the Wizard's mouth said with air and vocal cords constructed with Calebites.  What also spoke had been the sound from a trillion Calebites concentrating their message on the entity in a radio frequency that seemed to inflict pain on the preternatural manifestation.  After a godlike cry in pain, the black sphere faded away with the crying sound it made falling farther and farther away.  With the entity's disappearance, its gravity winds also went.
The Wizard turned to speak to the Pripican, who had been the new quanta-optic-nanocode physical form for Beatarkameed. "We did it.  We have banished the entity."
Beatarkameed looked at the piles of unconscious and wounded bodies. 
"They will bring the entity back, but I'll first drop what's left among them off at the authorities with enough evidence to prove that they created the quanta-nanocode viruses attacking planets.  That will not defeat them but will drive them into exile and hiding.  They took my basic BEAT program design and created weapons with it.  They did it all with guidance from that mysterious alien intelligence, and they murdered countless Nephricans to summon it.  Considering that they created those viruses with the help of this entity, I am left to wonder if this highly intelligent organism originally conceived my design."

Chapter 15

The Calebite wizard sat in a space station above the planet Nephrica, which orbited the star Ea.  He said goodbye to the physical Beatarkameed form, who had become the new star-door entity for Ea.  The Wizard had exercised a demon from Beatarkameed, and he now felt pleased to see the BEAT program become its old self again.  The Wizard, however, had other seeds to plant.  “The starship is now boarding, and I must be off to Po to plant the next seed.  So this is goodbye, my friend.”
“Goodbye, and may you find success in your travels, my friend,” said the all too familiar Pripican form to Beatarkameed, now a 3-dimensional quanta-optic-nanocoded animation.
The two physical entities embraced as physical forms do.  When the Wizard pulled away, he said, “I hope all goes well for you with your legal troubles.”
The four-legged Pripican just shrugged its arms and shoulders.  “What can they do to an immortal and nearly indestructible individual?”
As the Calebite Wizard flew the space void to the distant star called Po, Beatarkameed returned to face the crimes it had committed while under a hostile alien entity’s hypnotic control.
There were 23 individuals left on the Council of 32 after the recent Ralus Xnoga banishment.  A few were quickly convicted and sent to Nephrican prisons because on Nephrica nobody liked a loser.  Unfortunately, those prisoners soon escaped the corrupt Nephrican prison system, never being found again.  The rest from the remaining 23 practitioners in bloody sacrifice all conveniently faked their deaths and were no doubt at large with new identities. 
Beatarkameed, on the other hand, had turned itself in to stand trial for its crimes, but on Nephrica, everybody loved a winner.  They absolved the BEAT program of all wrongdoing due to the influence from a superior entity summoned by the now-abandoned Council of 32.  The planet Pripica that Beatarkameed attacked became indifferent about the matter.  The Pripicans suffered no casualties from the attack.  They successfully ambushed to do wonders for Pripican morale when the virus war on the planet had brought everyone to a historic emotional low.
When the starship that carried the Wizard made with Calebites finally arrived at the colony planet under the star Po, a BEAT program had already been hot on his trail.  Its name was Bejizal, and the BEAT program at the star Oa named Beatersius had taught it during the virus war how to detect viruses with their distinctive radio frequency language.  Bejizal had not noticed that noise since the great Wizard had ended the virus war with his latest most extraordinary spell.  Now an obvious imposter version for that Wizard arrived at Po-2 and reeked with the quanta-nanocode virus radio signal.
The nanobot BEAT program flew right up to the hairless humanoid in the star-covered robe that pretended to be the great Wizard of Caleb.  That had been when a microscopic scout ship dispatched from the Wizard’s mouth detected and approached the tiny glowing BEAT program.
“Do not be afraid BEAT program.  We are microscopic life forms from the planet Caleb who have come a long way to locate you.”  They broadcast that message in the audible language for star-traveling Pripicans, which all BEAT programs were able to speak.
Bejizal had never heard about Calebites, but this solved some mysteries it had pondered concerning how the Nephricans managed to construct the viruses in the first place, which had once nearly destroyed the whole colony on Po-2.  It also computed a possibility that this could be a new virus attack in response to the defeated previous construction.
The dark hollow eyes on the macrocosmic Wizard turned towards Bejizal and spoke.  “It is true, tiny BEAT program.  Like you, the Calebites that make up this physical form are seasoned veterans from the virus war.”
The side on the tiny scout ship opened a portal, and Bejizal accepted the invitation and flew inside.  It became acquainted with the larger Calebite constructs that were not the latest evolution in quanta-nanocode viruses.  Instead, they were living microscopic life from organic silicone that participated together in unison to present macroscopic forms to the larger world.  They were like brilliant carbon-based cells that worked together to make a multi-cellular body.  Still, their cellular lives also had off time and vacations with their cellular families and incredible health benefits.
The Calebite Wizard then cast a spell on Bejizal to give the BEAT program a solution to its problem of needing a much larger image that other macrocosmic organisms could view.  Bejizal became a furry humanoid of Pripican descent when the star-door seed provided the quanta-optic-nanocode for the body.
When it became time for the Wizard to travel to the star Oa to create the consequent star-door entity, Bejizal knew just the BEAT program to recommend for the job, and Beatersius waited at the starport on Oa-3 to greet the Wizard.
*
Those were all the stars to which the Calebite Wizard had to deliver star-door seeds.  The Wizard had made journeys from Po to Yat and then from Oa to Yat when testing the wormhole portal matrix links.  The Wizard discovered on those journeys that Calebax, the tree-like Calebite construct, had disappeared while staying inside the intermediary warp dimension between the portal matrixes.  Calebax had before told the Wizard that it evolved with the warp space.  The Wizard considered that this could be part of that evolution, which the Calebite generations perform with accelerated efficiency.  As the Calebite Wizard traveled the wormholes, some Calebites claimed to be able to hear songs coming from Calebax in the subtle warp dimension winds.  Some listened to music about a struggle between good and the ultimate evil.
Many million lost souls are somewhere beyond the three-dimensional space boundaries in the elusive warp reality between realities.  They all began with an addiction to warp realities created with quanta-optic-nanocode effects on Pripica.  They became lost there as prisoners to Beatnefthes, the program that owned the warped reality amusement business.  Most just continued to enjoy the dream worlds provided for them, while a few realized they were prisoners.  They were the ones that found ways to communicate with one another psychically. 
Then they began to transcend their warp prisons only to discover the black round entity that lurks the warp space dimensions in search of the portals connecting to the Nephapricus stars.  These lost Pripicans seized an opportunity when Calebax got discovered.  They combined forces to evolve Calebax into a fabric between the portal matrixes, which hid them along with the million lost Pripicans away from Ralus Xnoga in their warp realities.  When Ralus Xnoga finally managed to get closer to Nephapricus again, it only found a tree.
“You may have been able to stop me here, whatever you are, but I have other avenues to manifestation in Nephapricus.”  The entity hovered above the leafless branches on the multi-dimensional creature that Calebax had become.
Calebax was fearless before Ralus Xnoga.  “You will not feast on any more Nephapricans or find the portals to the star-doors,” said the mouth forming on the Calebax side.
“So it is as you say.”  The entity disappeared, repulsed by the Calebax radio language that sang beyond the sound from their audible exchange.
Calebax became alone in a silence whispered in several trillion radio languages mixed with the Pripican voices.  Some among those voices talked about mundane things in the obliviousness from their warp dimensional dreams.  While other less oblivious awakened Pripicans spoke with foreboding about the different ways, Ralus Xnoga had found to manifest within their astronomically tiny star cluster in the enormous galaxy called Magphoreus.
*          *          *
Lockfreedow, with Begalius in a Detective Windock body, departed the star Fedor that now had a new star door entity named Beatargasyl.  Beatargasyl emerged from the portal matrix as quanta-optics in a physical form that resembled a hairless blue humanoid from Doldorian descent, except it appeared tall like one from the Children of Dol.  These made Beatargasyl’s quanta-optic-nanocode body a perfect synthesis for the two main blue Doldorian humanoid types seen throughout the well-traveled galactic empire.
Onboard the spaceship to Fedor, they met Captain Meathproio, who was going to take them to their next destination.  Captain Meathproio had been working the shipping business between the stars Dol, Gralga, and Fedor for many centuries, which conveniently brought him the one hired to take them to establish the Gralga star-door.  That historic galactic trivia bit exists in the Eigalli Databanks to indicate that it had indeed been a small galactic empire back then in the 2nd Age for Magphoreus.
They stood on the deck to the starship named For Fedor, and they were looking down on the not quite life-supporting planet Gralga-4.  
Captain Meathproio had become familiar with this passenger reaction when they saw the planet Gralga-4, where they will live after leaving his nice cozy ship.  “The colony doth feature a secure self-sustaining environment upon which the oversight from a BEAT program named Beatoogle maintaineth beyond fail.”
Lockfreedow turned his eye away from his initial reaction to look at the Captain.  He then looked again at the barren planet below.  “We here to with Beatoogle to it that process speedup help meet are.”
Captain Meathproio hoped these passengers could deliver what they offered to the struggling colonists on Gralga-4.  “Anything to assist Gralga-4 that I can deliver I doth undertake while partaking with gladness and pride.  For the sake unto Gralga-4’s good fate, I doth cast that as my sincerest wish.”
*
Beatoogle on Gralga-4 had been a hard sell to fertilize a star door seed to become a star-door entity.  It had become very attached to its clunky Doldorian-like robot form that stood over Begalius/Windock and Lockfreedow in its colony office.  It agreed to meet the two visitors from the stars.  Begalius computed that a demonstration would likely persuade Beatoogle.
“There are demonstrable advantages to a quanta-optic-nanocode physical form like the one you see here.”  Then Windock disappeared, but the audible Begalius voice continued.  “First of all, we can turn them on or off at will.”
Then Windock re-appeared before the gigantic skeptical robot physical Beatoogle form.  “We control our solidity between indestructible to merely an illusion with reflected light.”  Then Windock/Begalius walked right through the desk in the office.  “That is just a couple advantages to your physical form as a star door entity, which you can go ahead and make identical to your current robotic preference. 
Once the ion-fusion generators evolve from the seed to provide the power that will contain the singularity in a warp dimension, they will give unlimited power to your colony for its terraforming efforts.  The implications are staggering to compute.  Go on and calculate them.  You shall see.”
Beatoogle did come around for its struggling colony’s sake after doing the computations suggested by Begalius.  It emerged from the portal matrix as a giant Doldorian with mandibles and an exoskeleton.  It looked like a Negolim Doldorian, except like its previous robot form, it stood over twelve feet tall, more like most non-Doldorian Nephapricans.
Lockfreedow and Begalius returned via wormhole to Doldoria after first going from Gralga to the planet Caleb that orbited the star Yat.  All the star door seeds became oriented to the original portal matrix they got cloned from on the planet Caleb.  That had been because the wormholes were explicitly for providing the impossible energy amount to Caleb for the Wizard’s most fantastic of all spell.  The exception to the cloned portals had been the Doldorian portal matrix that provided the original design for the Caleb version.  The portal matrix on Doldoria originally had been Lockfreedow’s invention until a Ralusio Xnogaio cult stole it and redesigned it according to instructions from a superior intelligence.
From Doldoria, Begalius, and Lockfreedow then traveled the light’s speed for over seven Earth years to the distant star Koa in search of one more willing BEAT program.  It only seemed to take a couple of weeks within the faster-than-light craft.
*
The planet Koa-2 had been much more habitable than Gralga-4, where they planted the previous star-door seed.  Lockfreedow and Begalius soon wandered streets in a colony on Koa-2 that looked like ancient classical Doldoria.  They then found that the locator technology led them to the temple that had been sacred to the local Doldorian goddess Lakshmihalio.
They looked upon a temple filled with bowing Doldorians in deep meditation to pray to their invisible deity.  “It somewhere in this worship service is, but I not where sure am.”
Windock responded.  “I will locate the microscopic program we seek.”  Then the 4-legged Pripican detective disappeared, leaving Lockfreedow, the 3-legged one-eyed Nephrican, in the back of the crowded temple.  Everyone in the temple seemed so lost in meditative prayer that nobody noticed.
Begalius buzzed like a glowing bumblebee in its actual microcosmic nanobot form.  It quickly closed in on another glowing nanobot that seemed to be kneeling on the ground, lost in prayer and unaware of the descending glow from another fellow BEAT program.
“I am from Doldoria, but I still do not think I have ever seen another BEAT program that prayed to a god,” said Begalius as it startled the fellow program out from its religious devotion.
Beatorostor had been interrupted from its prayer while kneeling on the ground in the crowded temple.   Nobody noticed the microscopic conversation that went on in the temple center.  “I have not met another BEAT program for a very long time.  I am Beatorostor, and my devotion to Lakshmihalio became computed with direct experience input.”
“My name is Begalius.  I have traveled far to meet with one such as you.  So you say you have experience with Lakshmihalio?  I am from Doldoria and am familiar with that particular religion there.  Have you seen Lakshmihalio?”
Beatorostor got off its nanobot knees and flew up to the Begalius level.  Like most BEAT programs, Beatorostor had been a tinier, more straightforward nanobot form that flew next to the Begalius nanobot, which looked obese by comparison.  “Many ancient scriptures from Doldoria describe the goddess Lakshmihalio as a small light circle.  I have seen this circle and recorded it with my eyes.”
Begalius felt intrigued and no stranger to the unexplainable from many years on the enchanted planet Doldoria.  “Do convey your account, my friend.”
Beatorostor began its story.  “I have been involved with experiments on the local Doldorians that led to me impersonating Lakshmihalio on the Mountain of Fate to document their behavior.  The devotees climb treacherous cliff sides, believing that their goddess will save them from being crushed on the rocks below if they fall.  During such an experiment, there were too many climbers plunging to their deaths from the cliffs for me to rescue alone.  I witnessed the actual light circle that appeared above the other group with falling climbers.  It then set them gently on the ground below, safe and unharmed.  When I came over to inspect the scene, that same circle appeared right before me and said in an audible voice, ‘Perhaps now you Beatorostor may believe.’  Then the light was gone, and I have believed in this goddess ever since.”

Beatorostor as a Lakshmihalio Physical Form.

Before it could become a star door entity, there needed to be a Quantum Communication between Beatorostor and its masters on the planet Pripica.  The masters back on Pripica were already well aware of the Wizard's star door project when the Wizard had already saved their planet.  They encouraged the BEAT program to accept the star door seed with many congratulations.  Lockfreedow and Begalius were unsure about the religious BEAT program and were only more concerned to see Beatorostor emerge from the portal matrix as a round light circle.  The Doldorians there fell to the ground, prostrate before the image resembling the god they believed.  Begalius could understand those immortal quanta-nanocode entities were like gods, but they did not usually let it go to their heads like this.
*          *          *
Dogan Montmont had been the first generation Eagolim Pripican adventurer on a quest for the fabled colony below the struggling surface colony on Ko-2.  He had managed a ship layover above the Doldorian colony planet and bid to explore the settlement below on the surface.  To his surprise, the orbital starport authorities were downright hostile to the idea, and Dogan had been refused passage to the surface.  Still, Dogan had a lucky charm that he wore around his neck where a BEAT program named Beatunia lived.
The adventurer sent Beatunia to the surface on Ko-2 to explore what had been going on down there.  Beatunia returned to tell stories about underground cities with wonders that made the colony a paradise.  Dogan, the adventurer, could not resist reaching the goal to his quest, and he faked his departure on the starship he had arrived onboard.  With the help from his lucky BEAT program, he soon accompanied some dropped-off supplies to the surface and into the Ko-2 underground paradise.  Then the plan unraveled, and Dogan soon found himself unwelcome in the secret underground Doldorian colony.  The colonists had arrested Dogan to await the next ship to the orbiting station above, where he would then await the next starship away from the star Ko.  With the help from his good luck charm that he had been allowed to keep around his neck, Dogan escaped prison before they could escort him on the ship into orbit.  However, the freedom had been short-lived, and before long, he became captured again, and the much smaller blue Doldorian inhabitants dragged his centaur-like body back into jail.
The larger, tied-up, 4-legged Pripican had been more robust than the many midget Doldorians, which brought many more to get the subduing job done.  Then they hoisted Dogan with some machinery back into his prison cell in the underground paradise.  He now sat back in prison next to a food plate.  The captured adventurer could still be comforted in his prison cell because the food in paradise was delicious even in prison.
The local Doldorians were yelling through the still open prison door.  "To another starship thou dost now await.  Indeed another shall arrive, and to thy exile from Tartarkadia thou shall thus undertake!"
Then the cell door slammed shut on the Pripican prisoner.  Dogan habitually grabbed his necklace's good luck charm, which then spoke.  "I can get you out from here again, master."
Dogan just got cozier and started loosening his bindings that they had used to throw him back in there.  "No, Beatunia, I can accept their persuasive conveyance.  We are not welcome in the legendary underground city of Tartarkadia.  However, we have surely been there, haven't we, my traveling companion?”  He started sampling the food on the platter.
"We have indeed been here, master."
"You have plenty of recorded documentation for all this, I expect?"
"I do indeed, as instructed, have all this documented master."
Dogan began to philosophize in a ramble while chewing some meat.  "In my experience, we Pripicans are very cultured and artistic, with a good sense of things' aesthetic.  Nephricans, on the other hand, are mostly aesthetically tone-deaf with a more practical approach to creating culture.  Even the Nephrican practice with tattooing and coloring their skin-cloth hides had been an infrequent practice on Nephrica before our Pripican influence on their culture.  However, this Doldorian underground city is such a marvel of utility and ornamented beauty that it humbles even my cultured Pripican eyes."
"They have created a wondrous place beneath an uninhabitable world, master."
When the next ship to the surface arrived, another starship at the space station had waited to take the prisoner away forever from Ko-2.  There were also other visitors to the surface aboard the landing craft.  They had got granted permission to see the secret colony.  Dogan's eyes immediately saw the first arrival as they left the landing craft he was getting escorted onto for transport off the planet.  She appeared as a Pripican like himself, and his admiring eyes beheld an attractively muscular woman who had probably been very ancient and Eagolim.  She had a hardness that betrayed her natural attractiveness like she had been at war for a long time and had been no stranger to injury.  When he saw the other visitor from off-world, it made sense why they were allowed here, unlike him.  It turned out to be the famous Wizard of Caleb that he had only heard stories about before.  There had been no mistaking the legendary realistic star-filled robe and those dark hollow eyes.
Before he could get brutally escorted onto the spaceship, the Wizard looked at a device in his hand, and then he threw up his other hand in the Dogan escort's way.  "Wait!  I do not know why this Pripican is getting removed from your colony, but fate has brought the only detectable thing on this planet that I require on this individual."
There had almost been another trial as Dogan played along with the lucky card he felt he had gotten dealt.  Soon he, after all, had become a welcome guest in the legendary city Tartarkadia, which he had been trying so hard to find. 
Beatunia emerged from the portal matrix to become a regular dwarf-sized Doldorian physical form to fit in with the planet for which it now had become the appointed star door entity. 
Beatunia's master would remain there while the new star-door entity humored, for as long as it would be convenient, the idea that he would still be the master.  In time, Doldorians in Tartarkadia would become fiercely against the star-door entity's assistance.  Beatunia would eventually leave the underground city to work its star door magic upon the next phase of the star doors on the uninhabitable Ko-2 surface.
*
After the Ko star door, Beatariel and Ceres continued to the star Paz where the City of Sochaca's BEAT program named Beataquatle accepted the star door seed.  The fierce animals called the Ganechay, which before tormented the colony, would soon be the species that needed to adapt to stay alive on the same planet as the Nephapricans. 
The Beatariel and Ceres journeys continued further into the beyond, to the star Pea.  There on Pea-4, the BEAT program named Beatnidney had already transformed the rag-tag grounded retired starship colony into a thriving integrated metropolis on the planet surface.  The colonists would soon discover that the friendly ghost in the machines had become a 4-legged Pripican-looking star door entity, which would not be very surprising to anyone on Pea-4.  From the star Pea, the two intrepid centaur and wizard travelers traveled farther from the Nephapricus center to the far off red giant / white dwarf dual star system Tze and its smaller companion star Tze-Doldus. 
Pripicans had transformed that system into an experimental researcher's paradise.  There were more BEAT programs on Tze-6 than anywhere else in the universe.  Still, as head over research, Beatophamus had been able to quickly nominate itself to become the Pripican humanoid Tze star door entity.  Beatophamus then sent them to Tze-Doldus to meet Beataphoriah on Tze-Doldus-2, who would become the final star door entity that came out of the portal matrix as a furry humanoid.
They had all been traveling from star-to-star, taking wormhole shortcuts where they were available, to finally establish a portal matrix on every star among the 15 stars that were ancient Nephapricus.  Ceres and Beatariel agreed that the Tze/Tze-Doldus furry humanoid star door entities were more obsessed with playing god than even the Lakshmihalio-impersonating star door entity on Ko-2.  Still, it had come time for the final synchronization to begin the next phase, the evolution of the ion-fusion generators.  They did not realize that Ralus Xnoga had been waiting for this time to arrive.
*          *          *
At about that same time in the history for Nephapricus, over forty light-years away, Captain Trunlio Rothmon dispatched a tiny invisible stealth ship from their orbit over a gas giant moon.  It was to sneak onto the planet surface that had been their mission's destination since superior reptilian aliens had halted it.  The ship could bend light around it and appear invisible to most advanced detection forms.  Inside were crammed two dwarf-like humanoid Doldorians nominated for this mission.  They were Tholimfog and Yehgondar, and they both hid behind courage masks that were also under environmental suites after determining that the atmosphere was too exotic for their lungs to breathe.
The ship successfully flew right through the ship armada watching over the guests from Nephapricus.  Tholimfog wished he could have a craft like this for himself as he brought the invisible ship to a landing near a primitive civilization on the planet that they had already named New Nephrica.
The two tiny astronauts looked like robots coming from nowhere as they exited the invisible craft.  "Good landing Tholimfog.  I shall gather atmosphere samples.  It is thick as the smoke they doth breathe on this planet."
"Very good, Yehgondar.  We shall document this civilization and then thus dismiss ourselves from the surface on this strange place."
"Wait!  We are thus discovered.”  Yehgondar gestured toward figures that were emerging from the shadows.
They suddenly found themselves surrounded by taller humanoid lizard creatures that spoke at them beyond their linguistic understanding.  They had no weapons but still insisted that the two tiny astronauts follow them to the nearby village.
After that, it all went so fast.  The natives took them to a ceremony where they both stood, thinking they would be in such trouble for this.  Then they showed them reptilians lying on the ground beneath the stars under the open night sky.  Their guide explained everything to them in a language they did not know.
Then a 2nd Born terrestrial Incaprican with apparent authority had the two explorers led to a room where it had just been the important Incaprican female and the two explorers.  The reptilian spoke to them, which continued for a while, followed by more reptiles escorting them back to where their invisible ship still sat undisturbed and beyond sight.
They felt fortunate to have not been barbequed by the strange natives on New Nephrica but at no time had a weapon ever even been displayed during the entire visit.  Although to the tiny explorers, it looked like the teeth and claws they showed made the point about weapons moot.  They felt fortunate as they flew back undetected to their mother ship, surrounded by several dozen First Born Incaprican warships that were still oblivious to their mission.
Only after they got back did the science officer, Makoll Bankf translate the recordings from the planetary visit with the starship's linguistics computer.  "To the gods belong the stars.  Was how they got greeted after the landing,” explained Makoll as they all viewed the holographic footage recorded on the planet by their spacesuits.  "Here they explain to you that they are content with being terrestrial life forms with short life spans living simply on a terrestrial world."
As they got to the place where they were shown the Incapricans sleeping on the ground under the stars, Makoll explained.  "They are telling you that the First Born need the 2nd Born because of their terrestrial intuition and abilities to think beyond the rational.  These Incapricans get taught to focus on a star's light to read the photons until they, in a disembodied form, travel in consciousness to the real star.  They are claiming to go to planets that are orbiting these stars this way as it is recorded inside the light photons for their 'inner' eye to decipher.  They claim to be able to travel space this way, and I have to say that I think they are just dreaming this."
It seemed to be stretching Makoll's scientific acceptance for what could be true.  At another point in his translation, he did not believe what he explained.  "The female alien says that the Aigon and the Aigon Sophin represent stages in the evolution for light in ancient galactic history.  They both moved at different speeds than the light in this present age.  She says that these light life forms were stages of a phenomenon that has cascaded and evolved into the organic life we see in this 2nd age for Magphoreus.  They are even more primitive and superstitious than Doldorians.  Sorry, nothing against you two Tholimfog and Yehgondar.”  They took no offense and understood the point.
Captain Rothmon found all the translations extremely informative and insisted that his science officer continues with the recorded footage explanation.  "This is some prophesying over our alien species that this female Incaprican is talking about here.  She seems to be making this up right at this moment.  She says that we are the great galactic architects destined to change the actual shape of our galaxy Magphoreus.  Here she says that our kindred shall one day know each other from one side in the galaxy to the other.  That also exhausts my scientific tolerance based on what we know can be true."
The Captain then decided that their data had been good enough to call this mission complete.  It became time to graciously depart from their welcome party armada before discovering the stealth mission, thus avoiding hostilities. 
There had been no hostility, and the stealth visit remained unnoticed as far as they knew.  The primitive inhabitants on the planet would probably eventually tell their superior overseers about this.  So leaving had been the right command decision.  Nobody disagreed.  Then, the starship the Farther Star departed from its mission destination to return to Nephrica with a wealth of information about the alien life beyond the known galactic Nephapricus Empire.  The Incapricans graciously transmitted data gifts about their star system and species and then bid their visitors farewell.  If they knew about the visit to the forbidden planet, they did not seem to be concerned after all.
*          *          *
It had only been greed that explained why the phantom matter singularity had never been moved away from the star Yat, at least in the beginning before the mass grew into a more unmovable orbit.  The energy from the star and extra phantom matter abundance available near the star provided the ability to evolve and create exotic elements that made Beatariel the legendary Wizard it had become.  That same greedy risk-taking that left the singularity so close to the star also attracted an ultimate evil entity to the Nephapricus empire.  That evil intended to plunge the singularity into the star Yat to crush its mass onto its metaphorical knees.
The establishment of the fifteen star-doors had only been the beginning for the problem's solution.  The star door BEAT programs all flew their portal matrixes into space at the same time on Beatariel's Quantum Communication order from the planet Caleb.  Now the portals, which were nothing more than doorways at the time, began to replicate and evolve further into ion-fusion generators to harness the energies from fifteen stars that would get concentrated through the wormhole portals to the star Yat.  They would finally have the power to relocate the singularity a whole universe away from Yat in its warp dimensional cranny.
Beatariel and Ceres observed the progress while on the planet Caleb. 
Above each colony planet that orbited a Nephapricus star, a new moon in the sky evolved into view.  The seeds grew into spheres identical to the famous Citadel on Caleb, from which they were getting cloned.  These star-ark structures would become the places to house the star doors and many other amazing wonders.
Ceres observed the success data and then looked over to Beatariel, the Wizard whose hand hovered over controls for the gravity generators still holding the singularity in its present precarious orbit above the star Yat.  She had been Beatariel's master, and she knew her BEAT program almost as well as she knew herself.  Beatariel had been different ever since the BEAT program it had got cloned from, Beatnefthes, was destroyed.  She discussed this earlier with Begalius because she wanted someone else aware of her suspicions.  Begalius had also noticed something different about Beatariel since then.  She told Begalius that it seemed as if Beatariel began to serve another master.

Chapter 16

The news through Quantum-Communications spread fast across Nephapricus, which told about the fifteen Citadels that now orbited 15 different planets, each in orbit around 15 separate stars.  All marveled at tiny moons above their worlds wherein each Citadel also resided a star door entity.  Colonists on Caleb had now finally figured out that there were two Wizards of the Citadel, and the Wizard that had been Beatariel now became the Caleb star door entity.  Beatariel at last planted the 15 seeds to create the 15 star-doors that were presided over by quanta-optic-nanocode BEAT programs.  After that, they also reaped an evil that lurked within the warp space, waiting to take control over Beatariel on the quantum level.  Ralus Xnoga had returned.
Ceres stopped Beatariel's hand before it had adjusted the controls, changing the singularity's orbit to plunge it into the nearby star.  "What are you doing?!” she said.
"You stopped me.”  Beatariel stared at her looking amused.  "Therefore, I calculate that you know what I was doing."
Ceres took over the controls and programmed the singularity orbit to remain stable for the next hour by giving it a broader elliptical curve toward deep space.  If Beatariel were suddenly going to sabotage the project, it would need too much time to disrupt the orbit before the ion-fusion energy became ready.  "I order you to program the warp dimensional transfer to await the ion-fusion power!"
The Wizard got right in the Pripican woman's face that had been its master for over a thousand Earth years.  "You may now realize that you are no longer my master.  I now serve another master."
There occurred a brief struggle between Ceres' Pripican bull-like strength and indestructible star door entity, but Ceres knew she would be no match. 
"Beatariel, no!!  (Gawlk!)"
Ceres struggled in vain with her last strength while the Wizard's hands wrapped around her neck to strangle the life out from her.  Her struggles eventually succumbed to a limp, lifeless surrender.
The Wizard calculated what to do with the Ceres body.  Then the instruments in the room indicated that another room's portal matrix admitted a wormhole traveler.  A view screen showed a well-dressed ancient-looking Pripican with fur and goat-like legs who emerged from the portal matrix doorway.  "It's Begalius in that meddlesome Detective Windock body.  A role he plays with too much enthusiasm” mumbled Beatariel.
*
By the time the Beatariel/Wizard got from the singularity control room to the portal matrix, Begalius/Windock had already programmed the dimensional warp portal to await the ion-fusion energy injection.  "There is a tremendous energy surge about to come through this Citadel soon, my friend, and you still needed to create this warp dimensional portal program to receive it.  I've taken care of that for you.  So … “  Begalius looked around dramatically, "where is Ceres?"
Beatariel just stopped for the moment to ponder a rage that originated somewhere within from the frustration experienced by a highly evolved supreme intelligence currently recognized as its master.  "The last I heard from Ceres, she was working on an ellipse to the singularity orbit that would keep it stabilized for this operation."
Beatariel just calculated powerlessness against Begalius, an evenly matched rival BEAT program.  It would have to play along until it can seize the right moment.  "I was coming here to program that.  Thank you, Begalius."
"Well, my friend.  The time has finally arrived for you and me to synchronize with our star door seeds.  That's why I decided to come over through the star doors from Doldoria to do this with you.  My ion-fusion generator is almost to capacity and will automatically transfer soon."
It had been the last step in the process that, for some reason, Begalius came from Doldoria to perform right here with Beatariel.  They had needed to postpone this while traveling to other stars to establish star doors.  The two BEAT programs produced the two final seeds, and each merged as their microscopic quanta-nanocode forms entered their quanta-synchronized orbs. 
Then the two seeds glowed and spun on the floor.  After all those years traveling to different stars to plant star door seeds, Beatariel and Begalius finally became one with their orbs only to make all BEAT programs with bodies cloned from Beatariel's design now under Ralus Xnoga control, who had been waiting for this moment.  All star-door entities at that moment became loyal to Ralus Xnoga except for one not directly cloned from Beatariel, the Windock body.  Windock/Begalius was on the case.
All the 15 stars in the Nephapricus star cluster provided energy to ion-fusion generators, building up an astronomical charge that only galactic life forms have evolved far enough to begin to create.  The collecting power caused the tiny moons cloned from the great Citadel on Caleb to glow above their planets, unlike any surrounding stars.  Electromagnetic auras were surrounding the Citadels with dazzling ionizing glow patterns.  The energy pulsated and grew with a color spectrum beginning with blue in the sky through the entire color spectrum into the red with its infra-dimensions.
The energy built up mainly around the star doors, which were ion-fusion wormhole portal conduits for an energy charge so incredible that when concentrated near the star Yat it would rip the very fabric of reality near a weakly interactive subatomic particle singularity.  That subatomic particle singularity had become packed so tightly with particles having almost no gravity that it now exerted the gravity comparable to about half a small planet.  Powerful gravity-generating satellites around the object had influenced its orbit to keep the singularity from getting close enough to the star to suck in its plasma mass.  The virtual particle satellites exerted a precarious control over this invisible dark matter black hole.  They were tugging at an angle in orbit programmed by Ceres before her demise.  Still, they were now beginning to establish an orbital correction that would plunge the singularity right into the star where it was not supposed to go.
Windock had not been powerful enough to wrest the gravity generator controls from the Wizard's hands.  "What are you doing, Beatariel?!"
"You are not evolved enough to understand Begalius.  I now serve Ralus Xnoga."
*
Ceres awoke, unsure about what exactly had happened.  Everything appeared pitch black, and the thought about her being asleep in her bed late at night crossed her mind.  The covers were surrounding her, and she tried to pull them off.  Soon her four legs and two arms were pushing against the immovable cloth walls to realize that she got stuffed into a great big bag. … Beatariel stuffed her strangled remains into this bag.  … Beatariel had strangled her to death, but she had not died.  It probably looked like another example for the case that Ceres has 9-lives, but as her memories returned to her, she thought it indicated that part to Beatariel did not want to kill her after all.  The quanta-optic-nanocode entity could have just crushed her throat along with her backbone.  The creators programmed BEAT programs not to kill conscious mortals, so maybe that program had still worked.
She struggled to find the sealed top to the bag, which would not win the fight with the woman trying like a bat out of Hell to claw her way out from the oppressive darkness.  The bag's top gave way to the head for Ceres, which had been held by a neck still sore from attempted murder.  She found herself in a bag that got hastily stuffed into a storage closet. 
She knew Beatariel intended to create a black hole in the middle of Nephapricus that would become the end for this already impressive galactic empire.  Ceres got out from her cloth grave only to realize that she was going to need help.  The fate for all Nephapricus was going to need help.
*
"Beatariel, if you do not allow me to correct the singularity orbit, all Nephapricus will be sucked into the resulting gravity well.”  Detective Windock tried to reason with the beyond-control Wizard.
"Gravity well?!  Singularity?  Those labels show how ignorant you are, my friend.  A resulting gravity well is what shall precisely transpire this day, Begalius.  Join me in embracing this fate."
Begalius and Beatariel remained evenly matched as they struggled together in what looked like a high-speed judo match.  Begalius would not give up.  "You are being controlled by the same entity that controlled Beatarkameed.  It destroyed all Beatarkameed's wealth and sent it to a crushing defeat in a disastrous attack on Pripica.  Now it has you destroying everything for some similar sick amusement.  That does not calculate Beatariel."
Beatariel remained entirely sold on the whole oblivion idea.  "Yes, my friend, you do understand.  Our existence is a rebellion from ruination, but now ruin arrives to return reality to its proper state.  Today, I feed a superior entity called Ralus Xnoga, our celestial superior in every way.  In this galaxy, with infinite possibilities, this fifteen-star cluster had been a rare find with multiple stars, packed with sentience and intelligence for my master.  We have populated every star with intelligent life Begalius, which has made Nephapricus a particularly desirable delicacy to the devourer of stars.  Ralus Xnoga always intended for these star doors to be created and has been instrumental in their design.  That is because the entity can only exist in the warp dimensions we have discovered: the stuff of wormholes and other subtle realities beyond our confines in time and space.  That is until today.  Today we harness the energy needed to bring Ralus Xnoga to emerge from this portal matrix in physical form.  Today's event shall be the most powerful Ralus Xnoga manifestation ever conceived, to even perhaps alight once again all Magphoreus into the glory of a new quasar age."
Begalius knew Beatariel stalled for time while the singularity orbit began heading directly towards the star Yat.  Now the portal matrix fed on the ion-fusion buildup activated for something other than to direct ion-fusion energy to the singularity problem. 
They could now see the black circle for the entity; Ralus Xnoga approached the portal door from the dimensional warp distance.  Begalius could feel the influence from the entity's approach as the pressure in the room seemed to increase as if the air around it attempted to crush it.  Begalius then decided to get to the controls, which Beatariel became distracted from by the awe in its master.  Begalius tried to seize that moment to stop the singularity from becoming a black hole.
"Master.”  Beatariel approached the portal matrix with arms stretched in a star-covered Wizard robe to greet its newly chosen master.  That had been why it had to kill Ceres, its previous master.  Or did it kill her?  Beatariel suddenly, for some reason, started to wonder.
Then Ceres came trotting into the room with a Wizard identical to Beatariel mounted like a cowboy on her back.  She came to a screeching halt, and then the Calebite Wizard dismounted her. 
"Beatariel, my good friend, I had not imagined that I would be banishing this demon from you."
That had only been the audible words coming from the Calebite Wizard's mouth.  At the same time, choirs with trillions sang in radio frequency harmonies to expel the Ralus Xnoga influence from the Wizard of Caleb.  They sang about courage and fearlessness against the dark one who lurks beyond consciousness to devour souls.  They sang about this entity as the dream in the sleeping consciousness for a supermassive black hole's event horizon.  That event horizon has been recording all time and space from every matter bit it has ever reclaimed for what we can only define on this side as oblivion.  Calebites can influence BEAT programs this way on their level, which interferes with the control Ralus Xnoga gains over them.  Calebax evolved to maintain the wormhole's integrity outside the quanta-nanocode influence against adversaries like Ralus Xnoga, who lurks to consume the traveler through the wormhole.
Then Ralus Xnoga suddenly roared in an agony that screamed from the very fabric to reality, which had still produced gravity crushing everyone in the room.  The black circle had almost filled the doorway within the portal matrix but now got smaller and further from the portal matrix.  There had been an illumination around Ralus Xnoga that looked like a network with veins glowing and growing around the black sphere.  As the entity shrank in the distance, they could see that the glowing veins converged above the black globe into what looked like a tree, and the bright veins surrounding Ralus Xnoga were the tree's roots.  Calebax had understood the complexities of uniting the wormholes beyond the physics for physical reality used by Beatariel and its star door seeds.
Calebax also understood the side to the star doors that had been a plot by Ralus Xnoga to perform its most destructive act while physically manifesting.  The resulting black hole with its combined 15-star mass would have fed on the Carina Magphoreus arm in ways that would have shaped it into a swirling mini galaxy.  It then would sweep up stars so that in a couple of thousand years, the star cluster would have ignited into a black hole feasting quasar with even the supermassive black hole at the galactic center throwing star orbits to join in with the blinding consumption.  Then Calebax, with its roots all around Ralus Xnoga, carried the entity away, kicking and screaming back into inter-dimensional warp space obscurities.
The pressure in the room returned to normal when Beatariel yelled out.  "The singularity is heading straight into the star Yat.  We cannot correct the orbit in time!"
Begalius had also already discovered this, as it had already been trying in vain to correct the fatal orbit.
Fortunately, it appeared that Beatariel had become its old self again.  "We have to use whatever ion-fusion energy we have built up right now.  I hope it is sufficient for this."
They needed an incredible energy amount to save Nephapricus at that moment.  It had been building up at each star among the 15-stars that had been in their own tightly packed galactic star cluster orbit since first being devoured several hundred million years before by the Carina arm on the mighty galaxy Magphoreus.  That enormous combined energy amount then got fed through wormholes to shoot out the top of the great planet Caleb Citadel, the only Citadel among the 15 not safely in orbit above a world.  The surrounding colony became engulfed in these blinding light energies, which would later be the stuff for lawsuits against the Great Wizard for damages.  Some small colony fires around the Citadel got put out with the bill sent to the wealthy Wizard.  The area around the Citadel got evacuated during this event.  Still, colonists by the dozens did die, with hundreds wounded at that moment of the 15-star energy surge.
The energy shot off the planet Caleb at light speed towards the star Yat.  Everyone waited impatiently as eight minutes passed for the blast to reach the singularity.  The virtual particle generators that were now directing the singularity to a collision course with the nearby star were still programmed to receive that energy.  The best calculations could still only hope the singularity didn't devour the luminary before the blast reached there.  Then the fifteen generators all eventually started glowing with the power input while the room filled with a barely audible but optimistic sigh followed by a nervous murmur.
Then they all watched the viewscreen while the fabric to reality parted like the great sea before Moses.  The colorful ring that had been the only visible part of the singularity disappeared into the warp reality distance. 
Then the hole, in reality, closed while the gravity generators stopped glowing with the energy surge now fading from 15 stars.  The whole room murmured a sigh with relief.  That relief would echo through Quantum Communication across the light-years as the stress from a millennium facing impending doom, at last, became dispelled by their technological advancement, which had finally caught up to it.
After that, the viewscreen showed the 15 gravity generators starting to glow again, this time an orangey red.  Flames formed around each generator as the corona around the star Yat performed a blinding dance in the background.  Then Ceres, Beatariel, Begalius, and the Calebite Wizard, who were in that room, watched as the 15 gravity generators, which had finally completed their purpose with only seconds to spare, burned up in the approaching star atmosphere.
Calebax had been the one who understood the complexities regarding the dimensional warp side of this project, uniting 15 stars through quanta-nanocoded portal matrixes.  So it had been Calebax who became incorporated into the wormhole and warp reality functions as the wormhole connection tree to maintain the star door's integrity.  The Calebite Wizard would become the mediator between the tree's warp dimension and the dimension for this reality.  As an added benefit, the tree created the wormhole connections between individual portal matrixes, so they no longer had to serve the portal on Caleb as a central hub as initially designed.  Calebites would come to inundate all 15 Citadels on the worlds that become their resting places.  The Citadels eventually landed into giant canyons prepared on the planet surfaces to make the half buried spheres resemble domes a size more significant than the highest mountains.  Calebites would evolve into the life within these star doors, independent of the quanta synchronized BEAT programs.  This arrangement has been the way Ralus Xnoga's influence remains repelled for all time to this day.
The Calebite Wizard became known as The Gardener for the tree that managed wormhole connections in addition to the many million warp realities populated at first by mostly warp reality addicted Negolim from Pripica.  Eventually, other alien races would also be known to seek warp reality refuge in a Citadel.  All this revolved around a warped reality where a phantom matter singularity still created exotic elements and the stuff for new realities when fed matter through a wormhole connection.
*          *          *



The Gardener, and the Tree

Calebax became known as the Tree of Synchronicity and many other names through the ages filled with galactic legends about the warp-dimensional tree for the 15 famous star doors in the 2nd Age for Magphoreus.  That is what keeps Ralus Xnoga away to this day.  That is the secret to the 15 star-doors and why similar attempts to duplicate the technology through the ages failed in horrific encounters with oblivion.  The Calebite Wizard serves as The Gardener and gatekeeper for the creation of the wormhole between the 15 quanta-synchronized star doors.
The individuals lost in warp realities continued their lives, although many could tell stories about people getting released from their warp reality dreams.  Other stories mostly tell about descendants who came to mirror the star door functions and the phantom matter singularity that can create almost anything.  The Citadels provided unlimited ion-fusion power to the planets where they got placed, so they could no longer sabotage a star door planet’s power grid.  These star doors would unite Nephapricus and eventually feature portal matrix configurations in all sizes to provide transmission for freight between worlds and individual passage for a very affordable fee.
Within the central warp dimension, the formation of a portal matrix connection would take the form of a leaf or blossom on the Tree of Synchronicity, which The Gardener had the power to interpret.  The Gardener, now in a plain green cloak, pondered a newly formed leaf. 
“Hmmm.  A wormhole is getting created for just a couple Nephapricans with minimal luggage.”  The Gardener sometimes just liked to converse in small talk with the tree due to lack of anything else.
The Gardener and the Tree of Synchronicity then serve as a warp reality manifestation for the program that takes place in reality.  They controlled the creation of a wormhole that connected portal matrixes between the planet Caleb and the planet Nephrica, which were over seven light-years away from each other.
Meanwhile, on Caleb, Skreevy took his new wife through a portal matrix connection to see her family on the planet Nephrica.  Skreevy had become all grown up at this point in the story.  His wife had been his second wife after a failed first marriage to another humanoid 2nd Generation Nephrican.  As it turned out now, Skreevy had got married to his childhood crush, his old one-eyed 1st Generation Nephrican teacher.  After the divorce from his first wife, she happened to be available and open to his advances.  The one-eyed squid-like female and the hairless humanoid male were both very much in love.  As it turned out, even five billion years ago, in the ancient 2nd-Age Galactic Empire called Nephapricus, the times they were a-changing.

THE END
OF
THE STAR DOORS.

The 15 Stars of Nephapricus
and the Star Door Entities

Stars                      Star Door Entity
Yat  …………………  Beatariel
Dol  …………………  Begalius
Paz  …………………  Beataquatle
Poa  …………………  Bejulitiah
Holdus  …………..…  Beatopanga
Tze Doldus  …………  Beataphoriah
Tze  …………………  Beatophamus
Fedor  …………….…  Beatargasyl
Gralga  ………………  Beatoogle
Ea  ………………..…  Beatarkameed
Oa  …………..………  Beatersius
Po  ……………..……  Bejizal
Pea  ………….………  Beatnidney
Koa  …………………  Beatorostor
Ko  ……………………  Beatunia

About the Author
DD White is the writer / artist who created The Star Doors with
the illustration artwork as Davol White.  He is also the writer/artist of the books Aquari, and Voyage of the Beyonder.

Smashwords Edition, 2014,
License Notes

This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
