 The Argo
50 Short Stories of Galaxies, Gentlemen, and Gallantry
By Noah Hartley
© Copyright 2021 Noah Hartley
Smashwords Edition
Cover Art Credited to Pro_design37
For my son Liam
Daddy loves you, buddy
These are the adventures of Clayton Wade.
Serving as a Leftenant aboard the 48 gun Argo, Mr. Wade operates the gun deck as the Nelsonian Class ship journeys across the galaxies protecting galactic trade routes from a dark enemy known as Scavengers. After commissioning from the Military Academy in 2632 A.D. on his home planet Thera, Midshipman Wade cut his teeth fighting these dark forces while assigned to The Ezra. After passing the exam for Ensign before the mast and a few close calls fighting Scavengers, he was promptly assigned to the larger and more maneuverable Argo.
Modeled after the 18th century Man-o’-War frigates fighting on the high seas, the Nelsonian fleet comprises a battle configuration outfitted with solar sails, tall masts, taught lines, and massive, modern guns capable of blasting out energy converted from the light of the galaxies as the Argo travels through the stars.
Along with the Captain and Commander, Leftenant Wade navigates life aboard and amidst the universe accompanied with his counterpart, Ensign Maury. A rarity amongst the other more modern starships of the day, the Argo and her crew are somewhat of an anomaly. Dressed in long coats, cocked hats, shined boots, swords, and high collars, the Officers of the Argo are Gentlemen – volunteering and making the mark to serve on the ships most likely to fight, and be destroyed, as they sail across the universe to protect transports from Scavengers.
Star Ports and Stations, open space and known trade routes, Leftenant Wade’s daily life is a struggle just to survive. While coping with such conditions, Clayton finds himself challenged with the same troubles as everyone else in the universe, human or not.
Set sail. Hold on tight. And run out the guns.
Author’s Note
Suspend disbelief.
Forget what you understand regarding the laws of physics, the universe, or life itself. Let go. Stop trying to apply reason and science, logic and clear conclusions. These won’t do you much good moving forward.
The stories in this collection are not sequential or connected other than the common themes and main characters comprised throughout. The parts of the ship have been simplified for ease of reading, attempting to avoid the over-complicated naming conventions of a ship’s pieces and components. There are definitely ‘Wade-ian’ words in the stories, having found it difficult to convey the scenes in any other way.
The name Argo was picked at random. Originally, I thought Clayton’s home planet of Thera would be one large Archipelago, though I let that thought go. I did, however, use the word to craft the name Argo.
It came to my attention, however, that after nearly six months of writing there is a story called Jason and the Argonauts, an ancient story depicting the first sailors in mythology. I also did not know there is a constellation called Argo Navis named for the Argonaut tale. The Argo is not a retelling of Jason and the Argonauts or any mythological tales.
Even further, there existed a real British H.M.S. Argo that sailed in the 1780’s. This was also discovered only after beginning these works. These stories, like the Argonauts, are not a retelling or have any relationship to the H.M.S. Argo in any way. This was purely a coincidence.
Introduction
Twelve Years Ago
Late that night I could see him walking, mumbling to himself as he was obviously drunk. Following behind, though not too close, I watch as he crumples up the paper before tossing it aside. Allowing him time to continue walking on, I take up the crumpled mess and open it. An official document, it seemed.
‘Mr. Wade,’ it began, ‘You are ordered to report to the Theranian Military Academy where you will…’ It didn’t have his picture on it. He obviously didn’t care for it. So what would it matter as long as the Academy had someone fill his place? There are rumors of war, after all.
Chapters
1. Two Points Off the Bow
2. All Away
3. The Deepest Reaches
4. Always Know
5. A Desperate Panic
6. Soon
7. Aura of Gold
8. The Vile
9. Fear of The Dark
10. Wade
11. Pursue
12. A Sickness
13. A Warrior If Any
14. Decide You Fool
15. Something Like Human
16. Still The Sensation
17. Bulera
18. Periapsis
19. Haleptra
20. The Part Time Princess
21. Three Years a Commander
22. The Instrument
23. Traitors and Spies
24. This Didn’t Happen
25. A Clash of Steel
26. The Weight of Mass
27. All Too Familiar
28. Taking Away From The Memory
29. The Madussae
30. Gentlemen Make Your Turn
31. Honestly
32. Rolling of Thunder
33. Infrared
34. La Prima
35. The Heaving Roar
36. Selfishly
37. The Mick
38. Saint Mauritius
39. The Silent Prison
40. Her Highnesses Aide de Camp
41. Remnants of Sauvignon
42. Greening Copper
43. Denying Arabella
44. Feigning Oblivion
45. Long Shadows
46. One Witness Testimony
47. The Argo
48. Effects of a Gentleman
49. The Ghost of Us
50. When You Didn’t Leave
1. Two Points Off the Bow
Route Security; Route Tritera – Near Galaxy 6p8ti
Hearing footsteps echo from behind, I turn to see the First Mate. “Sir,” he began, “better come look, sighting two points off the bow. Possible refraction, not sure.”
“Who’s on deck?”
“The Captain, Sir. Midshipman was on watch.”
Clock reads 8:45pm. Damn – whatever it is, it better be something easily resolved. It’s too late in the day’s activities to go bouncing off the rails.
The Captain is overheard discussing something with the First Mate and watchman. “Sir,” I offer routinely, a quick knuckle to the brim of my hat. He nods in return before going about his conversation. A flickering light off in the distance – dull at first, then a flash, then dull again. Taking up a StarScope, I flip through the settings to see if anything stands out in particular. Infrared, gamma, solar wind, high resolution, cosmic rays. The same image, just different colors.
“Any shapes?” I ask the First Mate.
“Well,” he began, making a face, “top watch thought he saw an edge emerge from the curve of a moon’s shadow as the light passed by, but he wasn’t certain. Nothing on the radio, Sir. No sonar signal, no pulse emission. Sent a message over the Command and Ministry net – they aren’t tracking anything around, either.”
“Right,” I reply.
“Course – nine seventy eight degrees!” the Captain shouts. Our ship began to slowly turn – but the light remained two points off the bow. A sturdy and quiet glance passes between the Officers and the watch on deck. The Captain leers out to the stars, walks over to me, and calmly thinks. “Whatever it is, it’s too far out of range for the guns, theirs or ours. No sudden movements, Mr. Wade. We’re not sure if it even sees us yet.”
“Aye, Sir.” I reply, watching the Captain and First Mate make their way back to the quarterdeck. We post a watch and pass the word amongst the crew. Keep an eye, increase speed, stay the course.
***
Buttoning my coat, I fill my glass with another beer and walk quietly out onto the quarterdeck. There it is – lingering in the distance. The same spot, seemingly the same distance away. We’ve traveled some way these past hours, but it doesn’t move. I notice Ensign Rawlings with an eager expression about him, who in turn looks my way. I give a reassuring smirk to him, shaking my head a little. We both look back to the light. Still there. Looking around the deck, I notice others doing the same. Pretending to go about their work, though lingering. A short pause in my walk before looking at the light for just a second – then back to work. Hardly a sound is heard over the creaking of the ship save the flap of a sail. I can’t blame them. Captain’s light is out – at least one of us is.
***
The sounds of his struggling could be heard from all over the ship. They had to drag him away, put him away – lock him away is more like it. The third crewman who’s had to be forced to remain in his quarters. It consumed him; never slept, incoherently mumbling the entire time he went about his duties. His screams and warnings of the imminent echoed over the sides of the ship and into space. Others watching and listening to his pleas, knowing full well not to be caught next.
Look at it. Look! There it is! Again! A shape – just the very edge! I saw it, I did, now! Gone…
Nothing on the radio – static. Slowly turning the knobs back and forth, slowly each time, only the erratic hiss and clicks of space are heard. The static of space, the occasional vibrations, just faintly – faint.
This headache is splitting. The coffee does nothing, the beer has gone flat – so has any sort of hospitality between anyone. Everyone else seems to know more than me. No one will ask the other, no one will tell each other, you just…know.
Sleep. Someone has to sleep. If they sleep then maybe we will start to feel better. Many have been found in the outer banks of space where no one ever goes. Alone, stranded, alone so long they no longer want to be found. If they were found then what would they know, who would they be? What about those who found them? What would they think? What would they do to me? The brig? No way, not me.
***
Five hands. The Captain, myself, Ensign Maury, and two hands – all the rest are locked away in the hold, pulling at the ceiling and tearing at the walls to get on deck just one more time. 
Crawling on his forearms, the Captain makes his way toward the wheel. The veins in his face bulging, eyes glazed, bags under his eyes, drooling as he struggled, face turning red. Grabbing the wheel with both hands, he works his way up, struggling, turning, pressing the ship full speed. Hanging onto something, anything, we struggled as the ship lurched and turned away from the light. The Captain yells – Screams – the last of his energy draining. Back the way we came, back, away from it. Fighting the urge to jump over the side of the ship to see the light just once more, I felt my life slipping from me.
Away. Further, faster, fainter. Less – less – feeling my eyes getting heavier. Grip slipping from the rope as I do my best to hold myself still while lying on the deck from the immense pressure and pain. The blood floods to my head, eyes begin to open, then close. Sleep sets in. My body fully relaxes on the deck, hands impressed from the tight grip on the rope. Eyes close…heart beating normal…deep breath. Lying on the deck, turning my head and looking towards the wheel – the Captain is collapsed at its base, hand still holding her steady as he takes us away. Away.
‘Captain…’
2. All Away
Sailing in the Pholea Quadrant – 2786bnm SSE of star 18aU
The gun deck was alive with activity – loading fusion cannon cells, ratcheting down guns to their rails, plasma generators charging the rounds, the men hauling on the ropes and chain to heave the massive guns into open hatches, men moving about while loading and slamming the breeches shut.
Thirty minutes ago a distress signal was intercepted with a ‘Go Ahead’ from the Theranian Defense Ministry to answer the call. No signals were returned when we reached out to them – assuming the worst. “Prepare every gun with double blast first round, single scatter the second,” I order the Gun Master who quickly replies with a prominent ‘Aye, Sir!’ while shouting over the activity.
Making my way up the decks, I join the Captain and Ensign Maury on the bow. “There!” the top watch lets out. A ship was barely visible through the scope. It was a large, modern ship, seeming to be turned one way while still moving forward.
“Do you think that’s it, Sir? Scavengers?” I ask the Captain.
The Captain keeps looking through his scope, moves it down, then back to his eyes. “Can’t be sure, but I don’t think so. It’s possible we’ve at least found what caused the distress signal. I don’t believe that’s the one that sent it. No.” He looks around as quiet seconds slip past. “Mr. Wade,” he begins, “no chances on this one. Be ready. Run out the guns.”
“Aye, Sir.” I respond, shaking Maury’s hand and making my way back down to the gun deck. All gun stations ready, everyone in their places, the Gun Master barking words of the ready, one hand to stabilize myself against the center support.
Shouts are heard from amongst the shrouds, followed by a series of blasts. Feint at first, followed by violent percussions off the side of our ship. We hold on as the Argo lurches up in our attempt to evade, hauling left, bringing the massive enemy space cruiser into view through open gun ports.
“FIRE!” I shout – guns blazing, recoiling, cosmic dust swirling out of the gun ports and into the darkness, the deck creaking from the blast. The dark ship returns fire, multiple short rays scattering across our deck, peppering masts, cutting rope, and tearing through the metal hull. Devastation ensues – we can’t take many like that. People could be seen through holes in the enemy ship’s hull. Crowds, hoards really, more people than could effectively move around. It seemed to be thousands which was impossible. Either way they made great, tightly packed targets. The ship slips closer to us now, seemingly trying to make physical contact.
“FIRE!”
Our guns blast away once again as the men continue their relentless shouts of war cries while guns recoil, hot cosmic blasts of red and white tearing new holes in our neighbor, some detonating within the old holes – enemy bodies spewing out from new holes through both sides of the ship. Creating distance, the Argo violently traverses up and away, the enemy rolling over directly under us. “Load, men! Prepare yourselves!” I shout as the men haul and heave the guns back into place while they charge.
Shouts are heard on deck, orders are given. A series of loud bangs resonate all around our ship. Looking out from a gun port, I can see the enemy ship below us, hull to hull, upside down and just below us. Hooks and chain fly through the air before latching onto our port side, forcing our ships belly to belly as we hurl through space. With the holes we just punched in her, there’s no reason she should still be able to fly. Men are heard desperately chopping at the chain to set us free, but more come from the new parasite attached under us.
“Prepare for boarding!” the Captain shouts, shooting at the chains in an attempt to break us free.
I hurry my way to the deck, witnessing the chaos and damage strewn across our ship. Drawing my pistol, I aim at the rail to prepare for the imminent hoard sure to emerge. The ship swings around from under us, appearing beside us – holes bristling with erratic bodies packed tightly together. Firing away, we flood the holes with rounds, the dead spewing and falling down into the dark abyss below.
“Board her boys! Cut chains at their ports!” the Captain shouts. Our men pull themselves down through space to float along the chains, making their way forward as we fire over and around them. We continue to fire as they pull themselves into the enemy gun ports. Blasts radiate aboard the dark ship as our men toss explosives before leaping through the void in a quick fall through space to return. Ensign Maury is the first to arrive, landing hard on the deck between his shoulder and neck, covered in explosive soot. I run to Maury, helping him to sit up, a huge smile on his face.
“Probably shouldn’t have survived that one,” he says, patting me on the chest, coughing out the dust and smoke. “Bollocks.”
Others soon land on the deck, some pulling their way back on severed chain floating in space. Holding Maury and looking toward the smoking enemy, I see a man, an Officers blue coat and cocked hat – its Maury. He turns and runs back into the ship amongst the erratic crowd still brimming at the holes of the enemy. Looking down, Maury sits with my arm on him, gathering himself. Other men from our ship can be seen in the holes of the enemy, reloading chains and throwing their dead into the void of space – hundreds of dead.
“Cut away from the ship, damnit! Cut sling! All away! ALL AWAAAAY!!” I shout, running and firing away as more chains fly from the enemy.
Feverishly hacking away at the chains, metal splinters and sparks flying about, more rigging is cut away as additional holes rip into our ship. Looking up over the side, I can see one of the enemy leaders shouting orders to his men – our Captain. Looking to our quarterdeck stood the Captain, helping turn the wheel away from our enemy. The men hold on as the force of our ship turning breaks the chains, taking our forward mainstay and pieces of railing as they break, tumble, and crash overboard.
Crew from our ship begin to line up along holes in the enemy ship, some jumping out towards us, weapons drawn and firing away to put us out of our misery – most shot dead mid-flight. The enemy veers away from us, listing to one side. We pull away sharply, the last remnants of chains knocking carelessly in a cacophony of sharp pings and noise. We look a mess, a terrible sight. It appears, though, that most everyone was still on board. Hardly a man lost.
Running to the rear of the Argo I watch, trying to catch my breath and one more glance. No longer attached, the enemy ship lists and turns away, further away from us now, holes blasted through both her sides, the dead in her wake.
She floats.
Listing.
Slipping away.
Further into the dark.
3. The Deepest Reaches
Docked at the International Space Port Cataria – 870mnm NE Planet Jun
I was already late. The port was busier than usual this week, a large trade fleet being assembled for a five day trip across the Malek Quadrant as we were to serve as the avant-garde during our next voyage. Hurrying up the ramp and onto the deck, I situate myself with the Captain, Signaleer, Ensign Maury, and other Officers as they finish business. The Captain had not seemed to notice my mispunctuality.
“You will receive three…” the Dock Master began, going over the shipment paperwork with the Captain and his Staff. Looking around, I couldn’t help but notice how our ship was so overshadowed by the other large, modern space craft around us with the modern uniforms of their Officers and crew. Our men preparing the solar sails, lines being hoisted – all the excitement in preparation for the formation and launch usually found before we shipped out. “…as well as your ammo and quarter ration increase. Your order’s aboard, Captain,” the Dock Master finally finishes.
“All’s well,” the Captain replies before signing the papers. The other Staff, anxious to go about their stations one-by-one made for their posts. I began to follow suit before being stopped – “And Mr. Wade!” the Captain lets out – stopping in my footsteps, slowly turning around, standing straight, looking him in the eye.
“Aye, Sir,” I reply with a deliberate salute.
“We would very much enjoy you being on time for the next loading. If it wouldn’t trouble you, of course,” the Captain says coolly as he slowly, tightly adjusts my coat lapel before straightening my shoulder board, a heavy hand pressing down on my shoulder. “And do make sure our guests for the voyage are well looked after. No gun deck tours, I should think.”
“Yes, Sir. Of course, Sir.”
A quick salute, a turn on the heel, and away. Embarrassing – not impressed with myself, as was the usual.
***
Two days into our trip across the stars, we keep watch over the convoy. Uneventful at most. It seems it will be a leisure trip for our guests aboard and a vacation for the crew. “Morning, Clayton,” Ensign Maury says, holding his cup of coffee.
Seeing him, I let out a half smile and tap him on the back harder than necessary. “Evening, I should say.”
My shift was over, he had the evening watch. Poor bastard. 
Making my way below, I pass through the passengers quarters before noticing an open door and a single dim light emitting from within. Glancing as I go by, I see her – sitting there – alone while going through her things. Watching as I pass, she sees me and smiles. Stopping, I take the time to exchange words.
Her beautiful face. Long, dark hair about her shoulders. Her deep blue-as-the-night-sky eyes. She was a vision – intoxicating. Inviting me to sit, we discussed the uneventful trip. Pulling out a couple glasses, she casually pours us wine. We talk and laugh while inviting the late evening hours. Later, the cabin door seeming to be closed – my cares seem to slip away – as do other such articles, those that were highly disagreeable in a stuffy room permeated by wine and the warming air between us.
The softness and taste of her cheek, the full feeling of pleasures below her neck, the inches traveled to and around the curves of her waist, along her legs. Her perfume was a sweet, dark sense – like a precious spice dipped in the dark velvet amid the deepest reaches of night. Invitingly, she enveloped my senses, slowly soothing my soul. 
The tightness of knees squeezing my sides. Her back arching, shoulders and head back, eyes closed. Somewhere between smiling and grasping for air, her lip quivers – a tightening and twitching to a full body stiffness. Holding her breath for a moment, she becomes still. A low whimper. The sudden quiver – and tightening. Leaning my head back, hand on the wall for balance, I stop trying to hold back. Grasping for breath, heart pounding as the releasing pulse flows along my spine – finally a deep breath as the blood rushes to my head. Muscles weak, eyes closed, lungs full, a slow collapse. The night envelops us both.
***
The next day’s shift was one of the longest I had ever experienced. Although I woke, I felt I had hardly slept. Walking the quarterdeck, I reach into my coat pocket and feel the broach she left in the room. When I awoke earlier, she was already up and about. I watched for her during my time on deck, but she never emerged. After being relieved of duty, I went to the passengers quarters – down to her cabin. Her things were no longer there. Checking the other open cabin doors, I find nothing of hers.
That evening I couldn’t eat. Walking through the ship, not to appear too alarmed, I do not see nor hear anything of her. I make a round of the deck during the night shift, but still no sign. Returning to her empty cabin I sit, setting the broach on the nightstand with another empty glance around. The night hours set in, hour by hour. Closing the cabin door, I lay on the bed, still able to smell that deep night sensation from her. The hours go by, the sound of her voice, feeling her silk – sleeplessness sets in – hours, days go by without it.
***
Assault. An attack, truly, though only from pure exhaustion. That’s why they locked me in here. But it didn’t matter – while locked up I may finally sleep, dream, and see her. I would awaken in a cold sweat, heart pounding, senses reeling, eyes red from deprivation. Tearing off my shirt, I try to cool myself – blood boiling, veins stinging, an uncontrollable pulsing through my body. On my knees now, I lean back, letting out a deep groan, a sharp yell, a curling scream. My now hoarse voice heard gasping throughout the deck, onto the dock where we had finally arrived. Gripping the bars, I let out a deafening cry, violently pulling at the door to be free, to get away. Sweat pours from my body. Her scent was collapsing on me, contaminating my soul.
Outside of my cage, from the corner, footsteps slowly move closer. Looking out, pressing my sweating and strained face between the bars I see her – gracefully walking away, her eyes piercing my soul as I watch. She squeezes, severing my senses and enraging my burning, cutting off all circulation. Heading out the door, it slams shut and she’s gone – leaving me to the cold, steel caged darkness.
“W-Wait! WAAAAIT!”
***
“That’s the last of it,” the Captain remarks to the Dock Master, signing the offloading paperwork.
“Thank you, Sir,” one of the three gentlemen passengers replies to the Captain as they disembark. “A safe passage and, as always, a pleasure seeing you again.”
The Captain shakes their hands. “Thank you, gentlemen.”
“Are all three passengers off the ship, Sir?” the First Mate asks.
“Yes,” replies the Captain. “Prepare the ship, Mr. Blightly. On our way.”
4. Always Know
Transmitted along the Rolmet Trade Route; Ministry Security Task Force – Day 6 of 12; NE star 28iO
Dearest,
These few days have gone by so slowly. It’s difficult for me knowing that I left without seeing you as I once did. Walking up the stairs to your door, I had a sense that something was amiss. Once Alexander told me that you had left, I wasn’t sure what to expect next. The scene plays through my mind of when we last spoke. The waiting was the hardest part – not knowing when or if I would return.
Walking along the road that day – the tall grass swaying in the wind, the sun starting to retreat from the long hours, the cool air of evening beginning to settle. You didn’t take my arm as you normally would – only gently placing a hand where you usually rested your arm in mine. When a ship passed overhead, far into the sky, you didn’t ask me if I knew which one it was – where it may be going. Something was on your mind – more so than usual. I knew better than to pry.
‘Just let her be,’ I told myself, now knowing that was one of the worst things I could do. I wish you would have told me, but if not then given me some idea of how troubled your mind was that day.
Where you have gone I’m not sure. What you may be doing I don’t know. Know that wherever you are, whatever you are doing, that you are surely missed. I haven’t told anyone that you were not there. When I arrived on deck, the others asked me how you were. I smiled, of course, held up an old letter that you had once given me before – the previous letters you had slipped in my coat – and pretended it was new. Nothing had changed, nothing was the matter. All’s well. All away, then.
Things are not as well, however. I saw you here – on the ship’s deck surrounded by the dark night that only space can produce. Deep molecular clouds, bright stars in the distance, the endless void. Sitting at your desk, you were writing, hopelessly I was thinking it was something meant for me. The grass and wildflowers from the field surrounded you, the wind gently blowing at your dress and papers on the desk. I couldn’t approach you – I didn’t want to disturb your thoughts.
The way the sun’s light shone along your dress. Your soft skin slowly tanning from the summer sun. Seeing the sails above you beginning to fill, pushing the ship forward, you look upwards, around, and finally to me. The smirk on your face was one you give me when I’m up to something. You hated surprises – you always knew when I was hiding something behind my back – knowing full well I went too far, paid too much, for something so peculiar for the hope of spurring your curiosity.
We slowly danced together, holding each other close as we slowly swayed amidst the stars and summer sun. Always curious, you thought I knew every star in the sky, thought I knew the names of every planet and moon we passed. It was hard to lie, but providing a name always made you smile, making you wonder who named it and how far away we were or if you could see it from Thera. The stars reflecting in your eyes, your mind astir, adjusting your hand in mine as we steal time together. A gentle sway.
I should make port in twelve days. I know you won’t be there at the dock, but I’ll be at my usual spot as we arrive. I’ll still look for you. Regardless.
I’ll button my coat, put my hat on straight, and tighten my cuffs as you would like me to do. ‘At least try to look respectable,’ I can still hear you say, smiling as you do so, taking a deep, shuttered breath before I have to leave.
I do miss you so. Always know – wherever you may be.
Affectionately Yours,
Clay
5. A Desperate Panic
In Contact Defending the Mauridus Trade Route; 1026 degrees h3RO System
Debris pinged off the side of the Argo, tearing small holes in the sails and lodging in the hull. Engines roar as our ship tries to roll around the oncoming field of debris from another ship taking a direct hit. The destroyed ship, pulling away, can be seen rolling to one side – her crew and gear scattering out into space for a sure and irretrievable death.
Holding on tightly, we wait for our ship to right, hoping whoever tied and racked the guns to the rails did a good job. Pulling myself forward, I look to the side of a ship through an open gun port. There it was – the alien ship causing the convoy misery. That was the second trade ship it destroyed in such short order.
“Ready Boys!” the Gun Master shouts, the enemy ship coming into broadside view as we finish our loop.
“FIRE!” I shout, watching the blistering light from our cannon rounds beat into her sides. She pulls up and away as pieces of her rip away and burn, disappearing from view.
“Here he comes!” one of the crew shout, pointing above him, watching a man fall through space in our direction. The helmsman watching, he slows the ship a little and makes a slight turn – the crew catching the man as the force of his fall collapses them to the deck.
The gun crews feverishly charge another round, hauling the cannons into position to protrude from the gun ports. Making my way to the top deck – I needed to see where she went. The frantic yelling over the radio, the ringing from the guns, the fervor of the reload, and the debris pinging off the ship all dulling my senses.
‘Good God, how do we get through this?’ I ask myself before looking over the rail and holding onto my hat.
Growing weary now from the violent maneuvering through space, the force is wearing us down, sweat soaking our clothes, cannon blast residue of rolling cosmic dust burning our eyes. Righting, we pick up speed and maneuver closer to the convoy now spread over a larger grouping to avoid the madness. Another frigate, more modern than our ship, pulls out in front of us. Knowing well enough, the Captain gives the order to follower and cover her tail.
Overhearing a couple of the men tending to our latest fallen visitor, I couldn’t help but smile and be amazed myself.
“The third time?” one of the crew ask.
“Yeah, believe it or not. Seems I’m a bit of bad luck, apparently,” the fallen man responds, looking worn out and dazed, his uniform much more modern than ours. A merchant it seemed, probably the vessels owner. “I fear if she comes after us then I may not survive a fourth,” he continues. One man, blasted out of the sky three times in one day. Poor, lucky bastard.
The ship in front of us fires a series of rounds below her. Looking lower, I can see the enemy coming, barreling hard for our escort, straight from below. Violently turning, we avoid the ship in front of us, heading toward the convoy as we take fire while attempting to evade. Masts splinter, rigging flies, a hole is created under our bow. Franticly trying to get way, we maneuver fast – no way we can accurately return fire like this.
Holding on, we turn and list, dive and climb – she’s trying to keep up with us, randomly firing at anywhere she thinks we may go. Dodging through the debris field once again, we lead her through the pieces and parts of destroyed ships, hoping she’s too slow to move out of the way. It doesn’t matter – she plows straight through the debris, more concerned about keeping up. Too slow to maneuver as quickly as we do, she slams into the side of another trade ship, though she’s now pursued by our previously escorted ship, trapped between our coalition.
She’s closing in on us. Our two rear guns firing at will, they seem to be doing some number on her, though still not enough. Still flying wildly, we dip and roll, turn and strife, taking more hits as we do so. More shrouds, more sail, more pieces of our ship’s ass tearing away as crew begin to perish with it.
“FIRE MEN! FIRE!” the Captain shouts, holding onto the quarterdeck rail. I can all but hold on myself, watching our predator aggressively fire.
We can’t make it. We Won’t Make It!
The men dodge pieces of the Argo falling and flying around them – fighting back is now impossible. Running to the fore of the ship, I keep my head down, crouching, hands up to try and keep whatever was bound to lodge itself into me out of the way. A hard shutter rocks the bow of the ship. Running, heaving breaths, in a desperate panic I make my way forward – pushing aside a crewman – grabbing hold of our latest visitor – latching onto him amid the violent shaking of a deafening crash, the smashing of the ship around us as I push him forward as he fights against me while I hold on to force him forward.
His yelling was a screaming, terrified sound – a desperate and useless struggle from him, a look of terror as we approached the edge before I hurled, thrusted him over the side, over the shattered railing and down into the abyss. He, along with other pieces of the Argo, fall into the void of space below. Crouching down on the deck, I feel us heave away, one engine failing as we haul out of the debris field.
Looking around – our predator ship begins to move in the other direction, down, and away from us. No longer interested in us as it pursues, it seeming to know exactly what it had been after since it first arrived. Sitting on the deck, taking in what had just happened, the injured crawling, the dead are strewn about. Our ship lists to port as we continue through space, amazingly still in one piece as we sail on.
Deep breaths, close your eyes – just get us out of here, Sir.
6. Soon
Scavenger Ambush; Sparsely Populated OPEL Region – 825mnm from Planet Nuos
Blows from the impacts could be felt in my chest, the deafening sound of their rounds impacting the Argo making our ears ring to a high pitch. The only sound to be heard is that of our own heavy breathing and heart beating. We get hit hard to port by a single, well aimed shot. Time began to slow – my body being forced up and away from the impact. Pieces of the ship filled the space in the gun deck. Men, cannon, equipment, and pieces – all being forced to the other side of the ship in slow motion from the force of the blast.
Feeling myself begin to fall back down to the deck, things escalate quickly – violently hitting the deck, rolling backwards, feet over head, hearing the dull sounds of our port side closely following suit, landing around and on me. No sight, nothing is heard, a cold rush felt creeping along my body.
***
A clam wind pushes us through space. Looking around, I wasn’t quite sure where we were. The stars, colors, nearby planets, and moons were unfamiliar. I stood on the bow overlooking the deep space in front of us. It was quiet, silent let for the flap of a sail and a rope tightening as we labored along. No one else was aboard. A peaceful calm had fallen over me. I wasn’t afraid, anxious, scared, or in any pain. Slowly I walk down from the bow, past the fore and main, just feeling the silent deck below my boots.
A man stands on the quarterdeck looking out and away from my direction. Well dressed and well kept, I know he knows I’m here, sensing that he is waiting for me. He doesn’t acknowledge me as I make my way up the quarterdeck. I come to stand next to him as I look over the deck, up the masts, out across the stars.
“Where are we going?” I ask, looking at his face to gauge his expression, hoping to get some sense of who he is.
“Are you afraid?” he asks.
“No,” I reply, running a hand on my coat from chest to waist, feeling down towards the edge of the fabric. Putting my hands on the rails, I dare myself to ask the hard question. “Am I dead? Have I died?”
He makes a half discerning face, slowly motioning his head from side to side before looking at me. I couldn’t help but satisfy my need to look into his eyes, noting the sincerity, understanding, and intelligence you get from someone you want to trust and depend on. “Is this how you envision it? How it will be in death?”
Suddenly unsure of myself, suddenly aware of the feeling of my own weight in leather boots, the touch of my clothes about me, the slight breeze teasing the brims of my hat, I feel a sudden fear of wasting time in this place. A fear of not asking the right questions before I return from wherever I have come. If I don’t ask the right questions, will he tell me the answer anyways? Can he hear what I’m thinking? Does he know what I’m about to ask, making it pointless to ask the question in the first place?
He’s not as anxious as I. He seems completely relaxed, unrushed. He’s been here before, my presence isn’t new or unexpected.
“If I’ve died and gone to heaven,” I begin, “I do hope this is how it might be. Though I thought to see others with me.”
He turns and slowly walks behind me along the quarterdeck, carrying himself calmly as he spoke. “You hope so,” he declares, his voice becoming direct. “You don’t know what the first thing is that you would hope for.”
I feel a weight bearing on my shoulders, suddenly straining to keep myself upright under the immense intensity. Struggling to hang onto the railing, my hands give, the crushing weight forcing me to contort on the deck below. I am dragged along the deck as he walks, the weight crushing my ribs – breath pressed from my lungs, heart racing to get air to my brain, veins burning as the blood violently pumps through my body. Slowly rolling backwards, the weight rests on my neck as my body rolls over. Hands out, I try to grab the deck, attempting to stop the dragging and push off from the weight. My face turns red as I struggle to breathe, veins straining, eyes watering and violently shaking.
He turns and looks at my pathetic attempts to get away. Hands behind his back as he looks at the pitiful mess before him on the deck, he looks on as my body is dragged forward on my face, head, and chest before rising into the air. Lifting me until the tips of my boots are on the deck, I rotate in the air to face him. Finally grasping a breath, I look him in the face as I slide his direction before coming inches before him.
“Mr. Wade,” he says, “now he has hope. You, Sir! There is little hope for you.” Bringing me closer still, without saying a word, I can hear his voice in my mind. ‘I know…who…you…are,’ it echoes, words burning themselves into my mind. He reaches out and grabs my collar, pulling me closer, turning my head.
‘Is this the end?’ I think to him. He’s inside my mind, hearing my thoughts and creating the crushing pain through my body.
“Not…yet,” he says into my ear, teeth gritting together as he spoke. “Soon,” he whispers.
Hurling me through the air, he throws my body, flying over the quarterdeck railing, and smashing into the deck below. My body crashes through the deck, splintering the wood, landing hard on the gun deck. My head reeling, the pain is insurmountable.
Muted sounds are around me. Dust fills the air and stings my nostrils. A singeing pain pulses through my body. The cold feeling of blood runs down my leg. Hands grip at me, pulling, lifting as I feel myself floating. Muffled shouts are heard, a stinging pain sticking into my chest. Then another in my now shattered leg. Air fills my lungs. Blood returns to my brain.
Things become quiet. I feel a sudden release as my body becomes instantly numb, relaxed. Quiet now. Close my eyes. Sleep. Feeling myself float further away, completely at peace.
7. Aura of Gold
Admiral Trulow’s Estate – Boston, Massachusetts; Semi-Annual Galactic Naval Conference Dinner
We appeared entirely out of place standing there in the middle of the flight transport surrounded by other members of Fleet Command. All the other Commander’s and their Staff are dressed in modern uniforms – sleek and fitting, patches and shining insignia – as opposed to the Captain, myself, and Ensign Maury in our 18th century style coats, buttons, boots, sheathed swords, and cocked hats. Our hair was well kept and tied in a black bow atop the back of our necks instead of high and tight shaves and closely cropped crew cuts of the modern fleet. At least they envied us for not having to get a haircut once a week. They still observed us with curiosity – how in the world we wound up in, or volunteered for, the Nelsonian Fleet was beyond them – but they accepted us as equals nonetheless, sharing the hardships and dangers of space travel.
After landing and entering the estate, we gathered in the foyer and drawing rooms as we mingled with the Admiral and other fleet teams. Noticing by the fireplace, Ensign Maury nudges me.
“Clay,” he says in a low voice, motioning with his head and locked eyes, “have you seen them before?”
Observing their uniforms, I didn’t have the slightest clue, but they were a good looking team – a beautiful if not entirely handsome bunch. Their uniforms were familiar, but their features were impeccable. The men had no five o’clock shadow, full and dark hair, well edged features. But the women were – flawless – graceful movements, glowing smiles, shining and flowing hair of blonde and red. Their skin was seamless along with a supporting frame that could make the uniforms they wore an art form.
The Admiral and Captain make their way to the handsome group, noticeably welcoming – shaking hands, exchanging smiles, and nodding in agreement as they inquired about who they were. The sounds of conversations in the hall were overwhelming, but the Captain motioned for myself and Maury. We shook hands with the team before the Admiral introduced me to their final member.
“And this is Lieutenant Commander Adrianna Veera,” the Admiral says. Extending my hand to hers, I could feel the soft silk of her skin, see the remnants of the days sun shine from the ends of her blonde hair. But her eyes – a light blue with hints of an aura of gold – when she looked into mine I felt her inviting herself into my soul. “Perhaps the good Captain could escort Commander Veera for today’s events,” the Admiral continued.
“I do think,” the Captain began, looking down and noticing I had not let go of her hand, “Leftenant Wade would be an acceptable escort to the Lieutenant Commander,” he continued. “You would be obliged to do so. Right, Mr. Wade?”
“He would,” Adrianna said, smiling at the Captain. “As his superior Officer I would go so far as to order it.”
Smiling, I remove my hand from hers and give a slight bow to the Admiralty, Captain, and herself. “Of course, Ma’am. I’d be honored.”
***
For two days the conference went on – meetings, luncheons, afternoon drinks, and social coffee in the evenings on the lawn. Adrianna was a socialite, making her way around the gatherings as she could. Often she would have me escort her place to place, ultimately leading to a quick salute and a nod at the end of the first night.
The Admiral would hold a state dinner at the conclusion of the next day. We attended with other members of state and Admiralty in our finest uniforms – gold braided chords, medals on silk lapel, buttoned coats, white ascots, swords – the works. But Adrianna, she was a sight – long and black strapless dress, golden blonde hair over one shoulder, a cut in the dress nearly to her height, the blues and gold of her eyes – she, along with others of her team, stole the evening. 
I couldn’t keep my mind off of her, her look, her touch, or her perfume. Sleep had been elusive, conversations forgotten, meals unsatisfying. Escorting her now to the long candlelit table, I sat her across and adjacent to myself, placing her next to the Admiral in the middle – by his request, of course.
As the night went on I did what I had to do; converse, toast, cheer, and entertain those around me. What I wanted to do, however, was a different story entirely. I couldn’t take my mind off of her, couldn’t stop myself from stealing glances. Drinking from her glass, she would glance my way – I could feel her looking at me. My eyes meeting hers, she turned her attention to another, being the charming and fascinating woman she was. As the evening wore on I became anxious, unsettled at the thought of not seeing her after this evening ever again.
I could feel her touch on me, slowly moving, her delicate and smooth fingers making their way on my leg. She was looking down into her glass, slowly swirling wine, seemingly uninterested. Conversations around me began to fade, the light seeming to do the same. Her touch finally finding its intended place – slowly wrapping itself around me and taking hold. Suddenly aware of what’s happened, I try not to appear alarmed, doing my best to remember to breathe. Her grip slowly tightens, beginning to move in a slow rhythm. Adjusting myself in the chair, I place both hands on the table.
“That would be Mr. Wade’s expertise,” I hear the gentleman next to me say, suddenly bringing me back to reality. Looking up I can see the Admiral looking my way, glass in hand.
“I’m sorry, Sir – I…” trying to think of something, anything to take my mind from the firm grip and gentle twisting of her soft hand. “It’s possible I drank too much too soon,” I finally get out with a feigned chuckle, “perhaps I should refrain from another.”
The company laughs and agrees, their drink making it affable to let me be the joke for now. Still – she sits across and away of the table from me, no longer interested in her glass. The conversation resumes as she sets down the empty glass, hands gently interlocked, eyes slipping into my conscience. Her gaze runs down my face, over my jacket, down to the table directly in front of me before returning her gaze to mine. Still holding, still gripping, still gently moving up and down. She doesn’t seem worried, doesn’t appear out of sorts or unconcerned.
The room dims, our company disappears – silence. From across the table she slowly stands, reaching both hands behind her, and slowly unzips her dress. Reaching with one hand she gently pulls the front down ever so slightly, stopping just nearly before going too far. She leans forward, her gaze directly on mine. Without saying a word her voice echoes in my mind…
‘Clayton…’
Blinking – the dinner continues, the conversation humming, Adrianna conversing with the other guests. No feeling of her touch anymore, or anywhere. The dinner now ending, the guests make their way to mingle, drink, and try to get the best from the rest of the evening.
Adrianna rises from her seat and shakes hands with the men, exchanging a few words with the ladies before walking away. Without fighting the feeling, I follow as she goes. Slowly she makes her way through the crowd without acknowledging me as I follow. She walks slowly, taking her time – through the hall, down the stairs, through the kitchen, and into the wine cellar. Closing the door behind me, she finally turns and slowly closes the distance between us.
A scream echoes from upstairs. Distracted, I turn my head – suddenly feeling the blow of her body against mine, slamming me against the door as she clawed and pulled at me. A muffled gunshot rings out. More screaming. Violently she pushes me down, trying to bring her head closer to mine, forcing blows against me with her entire body. Releasing a screeching sound, her eyes turn black, straining as if on fire. Forcing her head away, thrusting her off me, I continue to push after her. Falling back into a wine rack, bottles reign down before the rack itself falls against her, pinning her between another rack.
I slam the cellar door shut and run up the stairs towards the sounds of panic with pistol drawn. More gunfire. A scrambled panic of a crowd makes its way out, away from the mayhem. Other members of Adrianna’s team can be seen attacking others – some dead on the ground, some covered in blood from the chest down. The Captain is in the middle of the room, pistol drawn, shooting at the attackers. Heading out the front door, the Captain and I run for the wood line along the road, looking back to ensure we weren’t being followed, pursuing after some of the crowd as we made a quick escape.
Running, sweating, gasping for more breath.
Get away from them. Just protect the Captain. Just get away…
8. The Vile
Dirty Dog Tavern – Evening Before Departing for Rumek Convoy Escort Duty
Placing another empty glass in front of him, he slid it aside until it clinked against the others. Taking a deep breath, running a hand through his hair and holding it, motioning to the old bar keep for another. He obliges, but gives a concerned look as he checks his watch and pours another. Quick and in a hurry the drink arrives – almost pointless by now for what type it was, as much as he had consumed it would all taste the same.
Hearing heeled boots walking closer, he watches her set the beer down, inviting herself to take a seat across from him at the small corner table. Her jet black hair, pale skin, dark lipstick, and black corset complimenting her figure – she leans on the table, pushing her elbows slightly closer together, looking at him pitifully.
“Oh come, now,” she tells me, lowering her head and lifting her eyes to meet mine. “Let’s have it, Sailor – what happened to make such a pretty face seem so glum, chum?” she asks, pouting out her lips, teasing me.
Her name was Myra. Slowly, she worked the story out of me. It was difficult not to – the more I talked the better I felt, completely wasted still, but more awake. I knew what she was looking for – some poor, hopeless soul to manipulate because she took pity on them. When she offered a trade it seemed logical – she wanted something rare, something for conjuring. She wouldn’t know what it was until she got it, so reaching into my bag I gave her a crystal with the light of the Kero Star encapsulated within. I ask about her potions, but she talks around the question, still searching out my misery.
I needed to see her again – just one more time. Not at any point in time, however, it had to be the first walk we had together. Burned into my memory, she’s still there – bright morning sun shining off red hair braided past her shoulders. That place exists in slow motion – not able to hear what she’s saying but I watch her lips move as she spoke, the wind gently blowing her light blue dress, pale skin absorbing the sunlight, eyes glimmering as she spoke about the things she cared about most. Walking down that path with her – I needed to see it one more time.
Leaning back, Myra sits and listens while resting a finger on her lips. Reaching below the table, she hoists up a black pouch and places it between us. Reaching in, she pulls out a small glass vile – filled with a dimly glowing blue liquid.
“What’s this?” I ask, hesitating before looking to her face carrying a half-entertained expression.
“For the light of the star. It’s an even trade.”
Reaching out, I hold it in my hand and tilt it side to side, admiring its glow. Slowly reaching down, I open the little vile – some of the liquid turning to gas before my senses are enveloped, controlled, and consumed. I leave my body – time and space seem to freeze, my mind suspended. I’m there, watching her, dress blowing in the wind, the sun lighting the ends of her red hair in the wind, her perfume, the ground beneath our feet. I feel the memory, hold onto it for just a while.
Before long, I’m back. Sitting with Myra. She slides her chair back, rises, and prepares to leave.
“My card,” she says, extracting a single black rose petal from the top of her corset. Reaching, I take it from her, feeling its sleek silkiness between my fingers.
And she was gone.
***
Six days into our voyage across the stars and I was exhausted. The strangeness of space and the inexplicable things that occur can make a Captain and their crew paranoid, teetering on the brink of insanity as only fear of the unknown can do. My vile was empty. Like a drunkard, an addict, I took to the vile when I had time to escape, when I needed to see her again.
After Officers Mess with the Captain, I was anxious to get away. Taking my pint with me, I walked the deck to pass the time, trying to distract myself with the vastness and beauty of the celestial sky – clouds of red and green, colors of shining stars. Making my way back to my cabin, I see the empty vile there, calling me. Opening it, I hope for one more fleeting glance of her, but there’s nothing. Reaching into my coat pocket I remove the black rose petal – still that silk feeling. Still like new. Holding it in my hand, I feel a rush in my mind, a slow and draining feeling taking me.
Turning my head from the sound of a shuffling before opening my eyes, she’s there – Myra – standing in the corner with arms folded, not at all surprised to see me. Confused, as if dreaming, I can’t take my eyes off of her – corset top, floor length skirt slit on both sides, smooth and pale skin.
“Myra,” I whisper, looking in my hand, “your card.”
“Of course,” she replies while slowly walking to me, snatching up the petal and setting it on the table. Closer to me, she puts a hand on my chest, slowly grasps my shirt, and pushes me back to sit on the couch. “So,” she begins, slowly sliding her long legs beside me – slipping off one heel, then the other, hands finding my shoulders, looking down at me with the top of her corset before my eyes. “What’s all this about?”
A few words stumble out from my mouth, but she already knew. Sliding her waist along my lap closer to me, pressing her hips down, hands behind my head and through my hair, she leans her corset forward.
Within the corset I see a dim light. Myra arches her back slowly, placing her lips on my ear. I can feel my hand moving upwards – between our bodies. Whispering, her smooth and silent voice in my head:
‘You can have it – if you want it.’
Reaching in, wedging my hand down, I can feel the vile. Myra closes her eyes, smiles, and takes a deep breath between her teeth. As I remove the vile she opens her eyes, a smile still on her face, slowly pressing while moving her hips back.
Black. The dim glowing liquid is black. Confused, I stop, looking around me. She’s not amused, suddenly losing any peak of sensation she may have had. With a stern voice and solemn look, she stares into my wandering eyes.
“What?” she asks, raising her eyebrows.
“This is…” I mutter, unsure where I have suddenly found myself.
“This is…what?” she asks sternly, removing herself from the couch while giving my shoulders a shove as she stands in front of me – hands on her hips. “You don’t want it? What’s wrong with it?” she growls, growing angry.
Getting out some words, unsure of what they are, she listens to me ramble as I’m caught off guard. “Ohhh…I see,” she says, finger on her cheek. “This isn’t what you want,” making a sweeping gesture down her body. “Well,” she continues, “let’s see if what I want makes me happy then, shall we?”
A quick stomp of her boot heel on the floor, she stares at me with hands on curved hips. Unable to take a breath, I begin to struggle, gripping the black vile in my hand. Panicked, I try to stand before falling to my knees. My hands go numb, my arms becoming heavy. The black vile in my hand slowly turns to sand – then into a black rose petal. Letting my head back, I try to grasp for air, let out a scream, but no sound escapes. Black rose petals lift from my mouth and towards the ceiling.
My fingers, hands, arms, shoulders all flitter away as petals in a cloud above me.
Reaching her hand out, Myra watches the petals fall to the floor, catching the last one – placing it snugly within her corset. Reaching down into the pile of petals, she pinches onto something and lifts her hand, removing a fully bloomed black rose from the pile of petals.
She lifts the rose to her nose – taking in its scent – and she was gone.
9. Fear of The Dark
Scavenger Patrol; Disembarking Golan Star Port – Minera System; 87bnm Star 2aU1
The first day has been uneventful, but we’re hopeful and anxious of anything we might find while on patrol. Two days ago a federation ship was fired upon by a Scavenger which, once realizing what they had fired at, turned and made away. The Ministry sent us to search the area before the next convoy sets out in a couple days’ time. The crew were anxious for action, but cautious just the same. Nothing we haven’t done before, very well at that, but still a danger of the profession.
Restless, I throw on my coat and hat to walk the deck. My shift was over, Ensign Maury standing watch on the quarterdeck. The Commander had been executing many of the Captain’s duties since we left – the Captain having been busy in his cabin since even before the launch. Check the scope, plot our position, note solar winds, radio checks on the Defense Ministry Net – whatever I needed to keep my mind busy while my eyes watched for the rogue Scavenger. Every tiny speck on the horizon, every shimmer of a light, every figment of my imagination – all warranting a closer look.
Giving into the boredom, I make my way up to the quarterdeck, a quick knuckle to the brim in salute from a passing midshipman.
“Evening,” Maury says, taking a drink of coffee while giving me a look of feign excitement from watching the Argo pass through the darkness. A flap of the sail – enthralling. “Anxious, Mr. Wade? If anyone was in more of a hurry to get themselves killed out here and take us all to the deuce with them, it’s you, good Sir.”
“I just…” I begin, shrugging my shoulders, looking around.
“I know,” Maury says, “you don’t trust me, I get it.” Setting down his coffee, he makes that asshole face at my expense.
“Fine,” I say, “hopefully it happens on your watch. I won’t even come on deck when we do get attacked. Good luck.” Stealing his coffee cup, I take a drink. “Ass.”
Hearing footsteps behind us I turn, saluting the Commander in his red coat and gold brimmed hat. “Evening, Sir. I’m not pestering. I’ll be on my way…”
“No need, Leftenant,” he says, raising a friendly hand, “better here than worrying in the darkness and drinking alone. I understand.”
Ding!
Slowly looking past the Commander’s shoulder, I observe towards the Captain’s cabin doors, raising an eyebrow to the sound. “Are you here to assist with the watch, Mr. Wade?” the Commander asks.
“Yes, Sir. Of course.” I answer, turning around and joining Maury in watching the darkness slip by from the quarterdeck. The Commander puts his hands behind his back, nodding his head, and begins walking the ship. 
“Gentlemen.”
“Sir,” we reply, pretending to look about the deck in a busy manner.
Watching the Commander walk on, I keep it to a murmur at Maury. “What was that?” keeping my voice low.
“I’m not sure,” he says, “it’s been making that sound all night every half hour or so. Sometimes his light comes on, sometimes not. Still haven’t seen the old man. Have you?”
“No.” I reply with a concerned face. So we go down the list of conspiracies – the Scavenger, suicide mission, his career nearing an end, our careers nearing an end, secret messages from the Ministry, his toast is done. Who knows.
The same experience continued for the next twenty four hours. We began to set our watches by it. My watch is slightly faster than Maury’s. Astonishingly, that’s also the exact amount of time it takes Jenson to reline a broken foremast. When he finished right before the next Ding the two of us cheered a quiet ‘Hazzah’ while looking on from the quarterdeck, a quiet applause.
“Good man,” Maury says smiling.
***
Finally a sighting. The Captain was observed deliberately walking to the crew quarters, stopping in the First Mate’s cabin. The First Mate was soon seen afterwards, smiling but looking concerned. The Captain, it seems, had not been sleeping well – so while sitting in a chair he perched his head on the table and fell asleep in the middle of the conversation. Agreeing not to disrupt him – we left him be to rest. The Commander said he would keep an eye on the Ding. It never sounded again. Hours went by.
“One point off Starboard!” the watched calls out. It was near the end of Maury’s shift and he looked exhausted. Leaving breakfast and coffee where it was, I walk out to the quarterdeck as the Staff assembled, scopes out.
A grey cloud. A dim glow of light in its center. Growing – its gas-like feature creeped out in all directions. Men call some shouts, the helmsman turning to port to try and make away. The cloud immerses our ship – a grey hue all around us, damp, like going through a cloud ready to rain, a stale and musty smell filling our nostrils and flooding our lungs.
A screeching, dragging metal sound grinds in the distance. A terrible shriek and ear piercing sound emits. The screeching drag starts, stops, some shorter, some longer. A dark figure begins to emerge in the distance off the front of the ship. A shout echoes along with the sound of a chain going slack, then tightening. An iron box, attached to the chain, smashes into the deck. Some men shout, most stare at the box frozen in fear, following the chain into the grayness connected to something unknown. A figure leaps onboard. Not a man, not a Scavenger, but rather some creature of darkness. It’s arm missing below the elbow, the long chain binds him to the box. A faceless creature, a hole of jagged teeth where a neck should have been – it’s scrawny figure lined with a seeping blackness of sweat, blood, and fear. It quickly made its way across the deck – a dragging, twitching, jerking motion of its body, a shrill scream as it reaches an extended claw toward the crew nearby – pushing them away with some unseen force.
Some men fire at the creature. Everyone was shouting. Some simply ran. Pistol and rifle shot run through the creature, sending blood, bone, and pieces of it across the deck and railing. Unphased, it lets out another shrill, pulling the iron box by the chain and sending it hurling through the air – reigning down sail, steel, and rigging across the deck. The iron box and chain fly through the mess, chain tightening at its peak before the steel box comes down on a crewman – splinters of bone flying in the crash. A pulped mess of cloth, blood, and flesh is smashed between iron box and deck. Standing on the deck – frozen with fear – a crewman shakes as he watches. The creature runs toward him, dragging the bloody box behind him. The crewman lets out only a whisper of words:
“the gatEKeeper”
The creature reaches out, letting out an ear piercing shrill, and hauls the iron box towards him. Bullets continued flying through the air, through its flesh, through its head. The creature opens the lid of the box, reaches out, and grabs hold of the crewman now screaming in terror.
“Not the Box! NOT THE BOX!”
The creature takes hold of him, lifts and smashes his body into the box, repeatedly crushing his body to try and make it fit as bones snap and flesh rips. A crewman and Maury run to the crewman’s now lifeless aid, drawing sabers and severing the creature’s head and appendages.
The creatures lifeless body falls to the deck. The fog slowly drifts away as does the creature, chain, and box leaving only debris, blood, bones, and pieces of the men.
Rushing up the stairs the Captain emerges – shocked and horrified by the scene. He had never seen anything like it. He looks, exhausted, shaking with fear. Putting a shaking hand to his mouth – he’s not able to let out a coherent word. He grabs onto the rail, kneels, and nearly collapses. We try, but an explanation is pointless. What had happened was enough to give any sailor an impenetrableness that would not allow him to remain in the current profession. Fear of the Dark.
“The mist,” the Commander says, shaking his head, hands on his hips, barely controlling his fear and emotion.
“There was this mist, Sir…”
10. Wade
Star Port Lumera; Liberty – Orbiting Earth
Dearest,
We will be docking in Lumera soon. You’re right – it would do me well to see you. It’s been too long.
Yours – Clay
We had been trudging through the universe for nearly two weeks, escorting convoys back and forth to build a Star Port around Planet Vertic. Minus the stray Scavenger ship here and there, it was largely uneventful. She would be there, though, waiting at their usual hotel in a suite on the 25th floor. 
Hauling my bags behind me, I finally make it in the room. Beaming, she makes a contained reeling sound and jumps into my arms, that beautiful hair flying, legs wrapping around me as I barely make it through the door. I had four days with her – nothing more to do than whatever we wanted, most likely starting out by being locked in this room for the next twenty-four hours.
“Four whole days,” she says, hugging onto me tightly, making a low and satisfied sound as I walk her and bags into the room in slow, heavy steps – all too glad to finally drop them where they landed.
“Well,” I mutter, making a face. 
She looks at me in a serious tone. “Well, what? You said four days…” Upset, she slides off, pushing the hair from her face as she waits for what comes next.
I reach into my pocket and pull out my Reader Card, shaking it up and down while making a frustrated face. “Reader is blank, that’s why I was late. I got held up at the port when we disembarked. They inserted it to log my debarkation, but all the data was blank. I have to go into an office one day at the Ministry admin office to upload all of my information – all over again. Could take twenty minutes or it could take all day. I don’t know.”
Arms on my shoulders, she looks away, still upset, but with an understanding expression. “The one by the capital building? I can go with you, right? Just kind of hang out until you’re done?”
“Right,” I answer, trying to keep some positivity in my voice. “We will. I promise,” I reassure, trying to be the level headed one.
She changes her mood, a shaking motion with her head – best to just get over it. “Until then, baby,” she says. Her expression brightens and we talk about the trip. She’s always been interested in where I go, what we do, all about our ships. She wants to hear about every detail – being a crewman, the Officers, shift work, parts of the ship – all of it. That’s what I love about her, the energy she shares for the service just as I do. Since our months together she has learned so much, often even reading books on the trade. She knew all about it – all about me. She couldn’t get enough.
“I got something to show you!” she suddenly remembers. I think you’ll like it.”
“Ok,” I reply slowly, a curious smile on my face. “But first,” I inject, “I need a shower. I’ll be quick. Ten minutes?”
Smiling, she tilts her head side-to-side. “Perfect.”
***
The heat and pressure from the shower was amazing. It was just as much to soak in the running water after such a long trip. The steam filling my lungs, the water wringing from my hair, the stubble on my face needing a clean cut.
The door creaks open as gentle steps tread closer. The door latches closed as I peek around the curtain. There she is – wearing an 18th century woman’s Officer jacket, hat, and – as it appeared – questionably anything else. I let out a low laugh, caught off guard by her new attire. The look in her eyes is one of anticipation, hoping to get a good reaction out of me. Hearing my laugh, she continues to smile, hands on those hips begging to be touched.
“What?” she declares smiling, slowly walking toward me. “Don’t like it?” she continues with white teeth shining.
“It’s…” I state, still in shock, “amazing on you. Where did you get it? Is the jacket all there is?”
“No,” she says, her eyes turning serious as she reaches for the unbuttoned jacket. “There’s more.”
Slowly dropping the jacket top, she keeps her eyes locked on mine – although I wasn’t doing the same. Reaching up, she removes the hat, letting it fall to the floor behind her. She slowly pulls the curtain aside, those long legs slipping into the shower. Hot water on her body, she lets her hair soak before wringing out the excess. Watching her was not enough, so running my hands up her sides I take my time as wet skin in my hands generates images in my mind. Hands on my shoulders, she embraces us together – her eyes locked onto mine.
“And after this maybe we can play together, yeah?” she whispers in a low and teasing tone. She knew just how crazy she drove me, her playfulness always leading to something more.
I take her in my arms, allowing our emotions to naturally express themselves. She kisses my cheek slowly, feeling the hot water flow between us. “Where are you going next? Which ship? I want to be there when you leave,” she asks.
I smile, trying to be serious. “The Ministry frowns upon telling anyone where I go next. It could get me in serious trouble. You know that. Besides – I’m being assigned to a new ship. New crew, new Captain. Everything.”
“Please,” she says softly, slowly, repeatedly as she goes about her previous occupation. Kissing my neck, the top of my shoulder, my chest, my stomach.
‘Resist!’ That’s all I could hear in my head. Stop letting her get to you, making you weak, bringing you to the edge as she so currently was. Giving in seemed childish, getting away was dumb. She takes her time – no rush, apparently. Things bend before they break, after all. A cruel gesture – she stops and looks up at me – now we wait…
The hot water seemed to have turned cold though the steam continued to rise. ‘Don’t do it!’
“Newark System. Aboard the Radiant Shallows.” I blurt out. Closing my eyes, I slowly beat my head on the wall behind me. You, Sir, are weak.
With a smile on her lips, she goes back to what previously occupied her. A reward for being so compliant.
Slowly reaching, she grabs a pointed object and, with a violent heave, thrusts it up and under my jaw – the steel penetrating my skull. The sheer shock throws my body into convulsion – fight, grab, stand, run, freeze, fall – all of these thoughts along with a piece of steel going through my mind.
Struggling, I try to grab for her, but she holds it in place – the blood seeping down, spilling over us, puddling in the water below. She holds on, straining, before letting go as my body falls carelessly onto the shower floor. She doesn’t bother to look, doesn’t watch, just steps out – leaving the water to continue pouring over my body.
***
Three days go by. Opening the Ministry door, heavy boots echo across the marble floor in vacant hallways. The clerk takes the papers and goes over the information. “Everything seems to be here,” he says while looking over the uniform, “Leftenant…”
“Wade,” she answers, legs crossed in a leather chair – gold brimmed cocked hat tucked under her arm.
“Everything looks good. All of the information filled out correctly,” he remarks before pulling the Reader out of the machine, making the hologram disappear. “You’re all set, Ma’am.” Handing the card to her, he stops himself. “One more thing,” grabbing a pen and another form, “I need to write your destination for the pass to get onto the dock.”
“Of course,” she says, a gentle laugh with an enchanting, friendly smile his way. “I’m heading to the Newark System. On the Radiant Shallows.”
A press from the stamp, red ink on the paper, a signature, and on her way.
Hat atop her head, Reader Card and signed paperwork in her pocket, she makes an impressive sight. A crisp, new uniform with an impeccable fit. Returning salutes as she made her way in the shadow of the moored Shallows, she does more than just look the part.
11. Pursue
Forward Reconnaissance; Hostile Activity Reports – Hulmera Quadrant; 56bnm from Star Romera
Shockwaves permeated through the Argo as our guns rang out. Blasts of cosmic dust billow over the side, through the hold, the sounds of power generating for the next rounds, the men hauling rope and chain to reposition the cannons after recoil. We had been after her for more than three hours now – an alien ship that had recently been threatening security in the quadrant.
Failing to communicate with her, the Captain decided to take a chance and get closer. When she opened fire with a short blast, we were on her in an instant. A large, alien ship – she has a sleek hull with jagged ends reaching out. Her only real defenses seemed to be short, multiple blasts. Some tended to cause minor damage, but our guns were markedly more ranged and our blasts more pertinent.
We hold on as the dark ship makes a slow, wide turn as we evade a quick blast of rounds from her stern. From a distance we continue after her, reducing the open space between us. Turning to the Gun Master, I prepare us for the inevitable.
“Run out the forward guns if you would, Mr. Evans!” I shout. Guns reloaded, the men anticipating, I give a few quick orders while making my way up to meet the Captain on the bow, needing to see what he’s thinking.
“A good run, Mr. Wade,” the Captain says without looking away from his scope.
“Thank you, Sir.” I reply calmly, a nod in his direction. “What are you thinking, Sir? Bow’s ready. We’re prepared to return the favor.”
The Captain shouts to the Mate, ordering the ship to pick up speed – us coming up behind yet offset from her in the event she fires again. “Stand by, Mr. Wade,” he says, looking around from where he stood – the ship, space, checking his display panel and reviewing the ships information to get a good feel with a quick check. “First we’ll close, then get up so we can see if –”
A shout rings out from the shrouds.
A high pitch, static white noise – the radios screeching, instruments pinging. A blast pulsates over, through, and across our ship. Power instantly bleeds away from us – some sails lose solar fill, guns power down, instruments fried with screens of death. A few cursed words from the Captain while the crew hunkers and shouts. Multiple Officers all at once report the effects to the Commander. Our ship has lost some speed, the men frantically working to get solars back up and figure out what still works. A radio blast, a magnetic pulse it was determined, has been emitted from our prey. A defensive measure as a means of delay, not a crippling effect, though still a nuisance.
A pause from the Captain before deciding. “Run out the Long Nine, Mr. Wade! Let’s create a souvenir for us to take back, shall we?”
A quiet smile, a tip of the hat in salute before I anxiously make my way to the gun deck, issuing orders to the Gun Master below. “And Mr. Wade!” the Captain shouts. Stopping, I turn to him. “The ship is yours! Get me in range!” He taps on his device to target and adjust the Argo. “Make the call, Mr. Wade! Get me on her!” A quick ‘Aye, Sir,’ and down the hold I go.
The Signal Officer runs up and across the deck with paper in his hand. “Captain!” he yells, handing him the parchment. “Radios won’t talk. Can’t reach the Ministry or anyone else. I Morse to them for instructions on our latest find. I received this…” handing him the paper. Unfolding it, the Captain silently reads the message:
PURSUE
The Long Nine is a beast, especially when the helmsman was putting us through hell like this. An extension of the barrel to any gun, it doubles the length and weight. Additional power lines have to be hooked to the rear firing chamber, the weight of which requiring twice as many men to haul into position. It takes time to assemble, position, power up, and prepare to fire. The men labor quickly, straining as they have drilled before. Locking the extension down, slamming her into position as the locks clamp tightly, I can see forward through the firing port – she’s still there, leading us into an outer planet system amongst celestial clouds, planets, moons, and belts.
“Sixty percent, Sir!” a crewman yells, watching the gun power up. If we fired from here we would hit her with the beam, but with such low power the damage wouldn’t be enough to do anything impressive. Our ship is already damaged, so we’re powering up slower than normal anyways. Minutes go by – she appears to be pulling away from us.
“Eighty eight percent!”
“Mr. Wade,” I hear from the anticipatory voice of the Captain over the radio.
“Eighty eight, Sir!” I respond. “Captain! Slow us a little! I’m still in range for a while yet!” The radio is silent. A look from the Gun Master, hand on the trigger, looking back to the scope. Seconds tick by. “CAPTAIN!” I shout. A few shouts are heard on the other end – the ship slows.
The Signal Officer returns with a second message: PURSUE
“Nearing the end of range, Sir!” the Gun Master shouts, watching through the scope. Ninety five, ninety nine – “FIRE!” I shout as the massive gun now frees from the strain of building power, the shock rippling through the Argo and slowing us more than we already were. Concussions echo through space. Sails billow, lights dim. The energy causes our ship to slow to a crawl. Bright purple cosmic blast billows from our bow.
The streak of light is too intense to view with the naked eye. A pitched blast and impact, sounds of breaking pieces and bending metal ring out from ahead. Rounds of ‘Hazzah!’ radiate through the gun deck – she’s been hit, and significantly it seems. She lists one direction, pieces of her seen separating and falling into the abyss. She’s still moving though, leading us past the system of moons and clouds. We run out the port guns, not taking any chances. The gun deck is full of calls and shouts, anxious for another taste of her. Our ship slowly regenerates power, continues to pick up speed, the crew working tirelessly and straining to extend the damaged sails as much as possible.
Finally emerging through the cosmic clouds, we are amongst the moons and nearby planets. She’s gone. After a few short moments we become instantly aware – orders ring out. High Alert. The Captain issues orders over the radio, some of them incoherent.
Shudders, vibrations, pitched pings blast all over us in a flash of white, heat, and pain. She emerges from within a moons shadow, coming straight at us. Intense and rapid fire hails our way. Our cannons ring out to starboard – repeated blasts in an uncoordinated and knee jerk reaction of an effort. She’s hit, but still approaching. Final, intense blasts are heard, then felt.
Parts – pieces of parts – that’s all that’s left of us, scattered amongst our grave of moons. The silence from the void of space encapsulates the field of debris. A ticking sound – that’s all that can be heard, though no one who was once alive can hear it. Tick-tick. Tick-tick-tick. Tick. The message sits in the machine tumbling through space: GOODBYE
12. A Sickness
Security Escort of Imperial spacecraft The Quora – Nuelet System; 1815 degrees Planet Folerus
Anxious, we awaited the prognosis from the Argo’s doctor. The Captain wasn’t able to dine with us tonight since he has been laid up in his cabin with an intense fever and pain for the past day. Whatever it was, we were told to stay away – the only person allowed to enter his cabin being the doctor himself. The Captain seemed fine last night, but after dinner he began to take ill. We threw out the wine we drank as well as the source of food where our meals were prepared.
Our voyage still had some time, yet. It would be a few days more before we reached planet Thero to make sure The Quora and her cargo we were escorting was securely docked at port. Over eighty-seven tons of precious cargo had to arrive safely and on a strict time schedule. The Commander would remain in charge – no concerns with that. Myself and Ensign Maury, however, never liked to see our Captain, our friend and mentor, in such a condition. We kept ourselves busy, going about our business by keeping an eye out for the enemy, but our friend got worse. Disheartened, I triple check the gun deck – pulling tight on every line, tugging the power slave cables, giving the breech a couple of hard taps. Well, I don’t feel any better – so then to the Wardroom for a lonely cold one or few.
“Mr. Wade, Sir,” a midshipman utters, a knuckle to the brim, “you’re presence is requested on deck, Sir.”
“The enemy? Where’s the Commander?”
“No enemy, Sir. The Commander’s already with us on deck,” he replies in an unhurried voice.
Already with us on deck? The Captain…Suddenly feeling sobriety kick in, I quickly grab my hat, button my coat, and retain my calm, trying to convince my legs to straighten up. Arriving on deck, a large segment of the crew were already present. The Commander was looking over the railing, hands behind his back, not making eye contact with anyone. Suddenly noticing my surroundings – the crew were armed.
“Sir?” I anxiously ask the Commander, observing out towards where he was looking before turning my sharp gaze to the crew. The Mate approached me, hand on a holstered pistol.
“Mr. Wade, Sir,” the Mate offers, “this is it. I’m only asking you, instead of telling you, because you, Sir, are a good man. You,” motioning his head to the Commander, “and the good Commander here. Now, a few of the men couldn’t be asked, nor told, so they’ve been put together peaceful like. Those we know can’t do either aren’t able to resist anyhow,” the Mate continues, scratching his stubble in slow strokes.
‘Peacefully like? Oh, Lord,’ I thought. ‘Is this really happening?’ It’s true. A sickness really is amongst the ship.
“I won’t stand for it,” I order while walking over to the Commander who makes a disgusted face while closing his eyes, slowly shaking his head side to side. ‘Good,’ I thought,’ he will have nothing of it, either.’
Turning back to the Mate, I can’t help but be curious. “So you’re taking over the ship? Mutiny, Mr. Follings? I honestly thought you a better man than that.” Feeling my heart race, blood burning, I look out and away from us – The Quora calmly being escorted behind us – instantly aware of the plot. I walk towards the rear of the deck, pointing to our protected vessel, “And when she doesn’t make port!?” I shout. “What will you do then? Taking a ship because our Captain is sick? You, Mr. Follings, disgust me. The Ministry will be after you when she doesn’t make port. As for taking her a prize? You don’t have enough crew. What will you do? Loot her, kill her crew, and run!?”
As First Mate, Mr. Follings was a familiar face, someone to trust and understand. As I spoke he made a hushing face, hands out trying to calm me down. “Now, Sir,” he says in a calm voice, “no one is going to die. That ship will make it to port where we will make the delivery. We’ll see to it that the Captain gets help once we arrive.” He was calm, more than I could say for myself, but I did feel a little better about our situation though there remained many unanswered questions.
So you mutiny a ship, get the Captain better and deliver him, deliver the ship and its cargo, don’t take it a prize – that’s worth mutiny and a life of imprisonment?
Emerging from the Captain’s quarters, the doctor slowly closes the door and walks toward the crew. “He’s dead, Gentlemen.”
We take it hard, especially the Commander and Maury. In shock, I look to Mr. Follings who, apparently, has a look on his face of reasonable expectation. Watching him, he taps the palm of his hand on the holstered pistol. A look to Maury who, surprisingly, is armed as well. A deep breath, a sinking feeling. It was hard to see all of this go, all that has been earned, fought for, and the Captain. To throw away the uniform, all of the hard earned medals, the respect of being an Honorable Gentleman. All of that for him is now gone on account of murder. Feeling the ship become lighter under my boots, the space around me slightly spinning, I begin to walk toward the brig while being reasonable with the Commander. The crew had made up their mind – there was no question – they wouldn’t harm us, though, that we knew. We had a couple days – maybe they would change their minds.
***
After the cargo is unloaded from our ship, the men crewing the Argo lined the railings – watched in reverence as the Commander escorts the body bag down the gangplank to the dock, pushing the cart slowly so as not to insult the dead man in a hurried rush. Finally on the dock, whistles blown, flags hoisted, words from Matthew having been read, the Commander exchanges a few words before quickly walking away, not looking back towards the ship. The mutinous crew makes no sign, no mention that anything’s awry – a good show.
His body is taken inside to await disposition, the dock and pay masters securing the load they just received. Seventy tons of wares, a huge load. It’s amazing a ship of that size was able to haul it all. Idly talking, the two men wait for the coroner and Ministry representatives to arrive.
“Poor guys. Had to travel for three days with their dead mate. I wonder what got him?”
“They didn’t say,” the other replies. “Did they say who he was?”
Shrugging, the man looks at the bag’s zipper. Pulling it down to the dead man’s chest, observing his uniform, he makes a solemn face before zipping it back up. “Poor lads,” he says, taking a deep breath. “Their Leftenant, apparently.”
13. A Warrior If Any
Enemy Attack; Remnara Galaxy – Newbura System; Uncharted Field
She was relentless. Not only that, she was impossible – nothing about her seemed physically possible or even warranting existence. But there she was, firing back at us with an unnerved onslaught of firepower. Her ship was modeled from the same era as ours, though a dark force controlled her. Nothing from our world, though she deeply resembled it, but some other worldly presence – a dark force that obviously didn’t adhere to the same rules of physics as we. She had masts, but no sails. She had engines, though they did not fire. Her hull was dark, as was the rest of the ship, souls are seen moving around on deck and in the rigging. Human forms, for sure, but their abilities are from somewhere unknown.
Maneuvering as hard as we can, we pitch and turn, roll and yaw, trying to stay out of her devastating fan of fire, trying to get a single angle on her. Our crew did all they could to hold on, reload, fire, and repeat the process as best they could. No matter how many times we returned fire, we didn’t seem to be making her feel inconvenienced in any way. We felt like fish in a barrel trying to get away – seemingly she was everywhere. We couldn’t take much more of it – she had taken so many pieces of our ship during the course of the past hour that it was effecting our ability to fight back, our ability to move. This couldn’t continue…
Leaving the gun deck I make my way up top, needing to find the Captain – if he were still alive – having not hearing from him for a while yet. Joining the Captain and Commander, I try to take in the scene. Their faces were worn, features strained, souls draining. There she was out in front of us, though, once again firing from her stern and attempting to regain the initiative.
“We’re putting an end to this!” the Captain shouts. We don’t care what that even means, willing to do anything to stop this madness. Ordering our ship closer, calling in the guns, setting full sail as the Captain means to make contact with her – to board. Chances are it was the death, but we would die fighting or cripple her to the point that she could no longer fight back.
Closer we approach – swords ready, pistol and rifle loaded, the men ready to launch chains and haul us closer.
“Courage, Men!” the Captain shouts on deck and holding fast to a mast. She fires into our sides as we come around. Although we’re buttoned up tight she still manages to take pieces of us as we fly through the dark skies, hurling through an uncharted system of planets and cosmic dust. Aware of what’s happening, she has her men ready to defend from the boarding. Looking up, I can see figures hanging there – bodies, possibly human – tied to the cross beams of the masts, seemingly long dead. The sight chills my blood, impossible to look away.
‘One way or the other this is the end,’ I told myself, ‘but it will be over soon.’
First over the railing and leaping towards the dark ship is the Captain – a leader, our Captain, a Warrior if any there ever was. Landing blows, he chops off limbs, blasts holes in his enemy, slits them open in a whirling frenzy. His moves are swift, his style deadly, his actions inspiring. The warrior rage that flowed through him was uncontestable. The feeling of the enemy’s blood covering him has no effect, only invigorating him through to his victory while carpeting the deck with dead in his wake.
With total disregard, our men hurl themselves into the deaths. Most made it across – some meeting their end in the air while quickly floating between ships. Leading another wave aboard, I fire away as best I can. Finally landing on deck, the sight is horrifying. These were not men, but if they were then it was long ago. The living dead, the tortured souls of hell, the ghosts of an agonizing death.
Skin hung from their bones. Their decrepit uniforms clinging to starved bodies. They fought, already dead, but could still be shot and cut to pieces. They fought back, but did not fire – no guns of any sort. It was a swarm instead of a direct contest of wills. They ambushed our men, grabbing hold and dragging them away. Some men opted to shoot themselves than be taken prisoner, their dead bodies left where they lie. Evil blood coats us as we fought like warriors, fighting as if the story of this fatal charge may live forever.
Eventually they overcome – a power surging through the ship, bringing us to our knees as our joints pull and contort, the breath being sucked from our lungs.
Their Captain makes his way to the center of our massacre, seemingly un-phased at the hell that had been unleashed.
“Take me!” our Captain shouts, fighting for breath and twisting in pain. The staggering leader of the undead makes his way over to him, reaching down and grabbing on, lifting him off the ground. I try to fight, try to help him, but a fire of pain consumed my body, hoping it would kill me before it was over. The Captain fought, screaming in agony as his enemy drained the soul from his body. In terror we watched – the Captain’s body turning to the undead form that it would be, the leader of the undead coming more alive. Letting go, he drops our now dead Captain – dead as if for decades – his cracking bones and rotting flesh crashing to the deck.
Revived, the leader of the damned takes a deep breath, closes his eyes, and feels the new flesh. Opening his eyes, he looks to his crew:
“String ’em up.”
Fighting, kicking, grasping, burning, and slowly dying we fight – being drug to the masts along the ship. The dark enemy cuts at the ropes, the bodies that once hung from above dropping to the deck, smashing and breaking on the wood below. Their crew toss the lifeless over the side and string us up – arms, legs, chest, and neck – before hoisting us above. Our limbs feel as if they would separate. Our guts contort in the tightening of the ropes. Once in place, they pull tight. An evil surges up the masts and slips into our bodies. Our insides begin to burn as our bodies are forced forward, still strapped to the masts and crossbeams.
Slowly the ship begins to lurch forward from the new life – with some speed, the pain intensifying. To scream would be a welcomed thing – anything to release the wrenching pain. We warriors, strapped to our resting places, feel the life being drained as we cruise through the darkness of space – likely in search of the next encounter.
14. Decide, You Fool
Commodore Rawling’s Court Martial; Day 3 – Stockholm, Sweden
“I find it very hard to believe,” the Judge Advocate prosecutor says, walking back and forth in front of the Court Martial judges and doing his best to do what he believed was the right thing. “That You, Leftenant, as distinguished of a career as you have had – along with the reputation that your Captain says is beyond reproach – that you instinctively knew what the Commodore’s intentions would be that day. Alone and unafraid, risking the security and integrity of the formation, for you – Alone – to strike out and alter the direction of the fight. Taking the fate of the entire Task Force into your own hands.”
“I object, your honor,” my lawyer finally lets out in an exhausted tone – knowing I was being led on the stand. “Is Mr. Wade on trial today?”
“Sustained,” the leading Admiral Judge says. “You may respond if you like, Mr. Wade. But No – this is not about the standing of the good Leftenant.”
“Thank you, Sir,” I reply in kind, remaining calm in front of the lawyer – bastard – I wear an old fashioned uniform, but I’m not old fashion minded. I have completed post-graduate strategic studies at the academy, you twit. I’m not a simpleton.
Taking time to think before I continued – staring at the railing in front of me, my Captain amongst the others in a crowded courtroom – I see the Commodore’s ship there as we sailed that day. She was just beside us then…
***
Six Months Earlier
Deliberate Attack on a Scavenger Strongpoint - Imperial Fleet Task Force 212; Privera System
Organized chaos – that’s the only way to describe it, but if you saw the situation for the first time at that very minute then you wouldn’t be able to make heads or tails of it. Maneuvering through the disaster, we remained just off the Commodore’s flank, protecting his ship as he led us through the scatter of stars and distant moons. We had the initiative as the enemy began to show signs of disorganization while we blasted away.
Our fleet had thirty seven ships that day, a spectacle if there ever was one. Modern ships, Nelsonians like ours, everywhere. We had laid a surprise attack on the Scavengers as they were assembling for a strike – likely on a weak Imperial military target on the planet Lumeteira some 86 billion miles away. Tactically insignificant for them, but strategically important for us.
“FIRE!” I order, our rounds making a right mess of the enemy. Pieces of every sort flew through space in every direction, old and new, posing a threat to those on deck as we sailed through the debris field. Rounding out, we kept up with the Commodore as best we could – a tight formation without limiting her mobility.
“TO PORT!” the Captain shouts, sending our ship on a hard left, widening the gap between us and the Commodore’s position. An evasive maneuver, we sail unexpectedly and directly into an enemy formation. The Scavengers blasted away to exploit the gap we created, smashing our deck and starboard to pieces. The jolts were sudden and violent. Correcting our velocity, I hear someone shout ‘Leftenant!’ from on deck.
Leaving the gun deck to the Master’s good care, he orders the reload and takes note of the damage as I make my way topside. The radio echoes through the deck. The chains clatter as the guns are run out. Energy whines its high-pitched sound as they recharge. The Captain was bleeding, wreathing in pain on deck while being drug away from the scene – a trail of blood left in his wake.
“The Commander!?” I shout above the blasts, shouts, and cries of nearing death as the crew scrambles to take back their fighting positions – preparing to press on the fight.
“Dead, Sir!”
And that was it – it couldn’t have come at a worse time. “Your orders, Sir?” the Mate yells, steadying ourselves as we return fire and the deck shakes, cosmic dust and heat emanating from the rounds, the deafening sounds overtaking our senses, leaving our heads pounding.
My orders – as Captain.
I look around, a hand on my hat to keep it in place. Standing upright, a quick tug at my coat, catching my breath as reality sets in. A look to the trail of blood leading to the surgeons table, I realize what’s about to happen.
“Right,” I proclaim, eyes shifting. ‘Decide, you fool!’
The Mate was still there, crouched down – waiting for the words to release him.
“…To Starboard! Close the gap with the Commodore! Come about her keel – Cover Fire At Will to break up the enemy. The Black Flag, Gentlemen!”
“Aye, Sir!” the Mate shouts, a quick knuckle and running in a squat to execute. Coming into position, we look out to find the enemy amidst blasts, fire, and pieces. An enemy ship – a massive ship – accompanied by a few smaller attack vessels, barreling directly toward us.
“Oh Dear Lord,” a crewman thinks out loud. They watch as I look to the Commodore – no signal, no direction – she turns up and away from us and the enemy, a hard climb and…gone.
 She Left Us – The only thing going through my mind, unable to bring myself to what I was witnessing.
The helmsman, quicker thinking than I, takes the initiative and wheels away, turning us in a hard loop to at least try to put the guns into position for a broadside – any side. The crew knew what to do without any sort of direction. We wheel, hard to starboard, come up and about in a violent heave while looping through space at a high rate of speed. The ship creaks and flaps, shutters and whines as we hurl through space. The enemy fires at us, at the Commodore, at everyone. The Commodore does evasive fires – disappears. Without any clear idea as to why, I shout the only word that comes to mind.
“FIRE!”
Our rounds blast away from starboard, our ship now rolling and turning through the darkness of space directly over our opponent. For no reason whatsoever, the exact cause remaining unknown, the largest ship begins to implode – her explosion so heavy it throws us off course. Her pieces fly everywhere, hitting and destroying the few smaller enemy ships accompanying her. Pieces, detonation, and destruction – as if a giant bomb had been let off in space.
Nearly deaf, righting ourselves, we take stock of what just happened. Our ship, our bodies, appearing to still be in one piece though bruised. Looking out, the Commodore’s ship was still there, making her way back into a now hopeless situation for the Scavengers. They would not recover after such a devastating blow. We hobble and limp our ship to do what we can to aid the Commodore. Taking stock, we notice that we have suffered damage from the explosion – six are dead from the blast alone.
***
“I’ll rephrase my question, Leftenant,” the prosecutor says. “After Admiral Rawling signaled you, just before you went ahead, exactly what did you signal back?”
I bring my eyes to him, a glance at the Captain sitting there in his red coat and double gold epilates – watching me with an easy face, myself knowing he would jump in if he could – “I acknowledged,” I reply, giving some additional short statements regarding how we communicated just before the Commodore turned up and away during the fight.
“Six of your men are dead, Leftenant,” he chimes in sternly, looking hard into my eyes. “We could only imagine the pain and frustration you would feel – the shame and complete disregard for honor – should you have been left to fend for yourself. Leaving the Gentlemen to fend for themselves.” He turns, glances back at the Admiral sitting as defendant, then back at me. “So it seems the Admiral trusted you. It seems he knew what he was doing when he sent you into impossible odds.” He turns his head to the Admiral, locking eyes with him – “Alone.”

Leaving the courtroom, the crowd goes back to their business as before the trial began. I feel a hand on my shoulder, the Captain, leading me away from the flow of the crowd as he applies a little weight to the cane. We walk down a separate hallway of the courthouse, heading out the door and down the concrete stairs. Putting on our hats, we stand there on the corner, watching the flood of people leave the front entrance. A car is waiting there, a young Sailor holding the door as the Admiral walks to get in. People leave him be – no questions for a distinguished Admiral who had been found not guilty of any misconduct or dishonor that could be brought upon him.
The Captain gives me a light tap on the back as we turn and look away.
“Captain,” I begin, walking with him slowly as he listens intently, “our men –”
“Would have died regardless of anything that could have happened that day. It was destined,” the Captain concludes. “Look, Clay,” he continues with heavy breath, stopping and turning to me, not trying to lock my attention to his – which would have been pointless to try regardless. “What you did wasn’t for you. It wasn’t for the Admiral. You were acting Captain, and a fine one. You did more than what was expected of any Leftenant in a situation like that. You’ve become someone else since then…” Reaching into his pocket, he produces a single shoulder board, placing it on the opposite side of my single Leftenant board. “…Commander.”
“The men know. They saw everything. I would think that I’m a better man than that, Sir.”
With a heavy mind – I offer a quick salute. “I know you are. Commander Wade,” the Captain provides as returns the salute with a small smirk, knowing what just happened deserved more fanfare, better circumstances.
Would he have done the same?
15. Something Like Human
Trade Route Security; Open Space – 435bnm from Kintero Galaxy
“This is Mr. Eisley,” the Captain announces, introducing us to our passenger who would be joining us for the voyage. We were to be patrolling the trade routes, but would divert our course to somewhere near the Kintero Galaxy for an experiment of some sort. Exchanging slightly nervous glances between myself and Ensign Maury, the Captain assured us we were not the test subjects of some biological experiment or another.
As we traveled along the route, we got to know the man fairly well. An affable man, working for a private company as a link to an Ally government, someone who admits what he doesn’t know and doesn’t infer that you don’t understand what he does. We liked him immediately. After dinner with the Captain and other Officers, he joined me for a beer while we loitered about the deck. Maury was on watch – poor sober bastard.
“It’s all very interesting,” I tell Mr. Eisley, his idea of being able to bend space with a cosmic emission of radiation waves, or something. Finishing his drink, he asks about the crew, life on board. At the end he makes a friendly gesture and retires for the night.
“So,” Maury says questionably and calmly, hands behind his back, scanning the horizon for nothing. Bored, he sets down his scope and snatches my beer, quickly helping himself to the rest. “The odds have increased,” he proclaims, handing me the empty glass. “The chances of that man killing us all in a haywire experiment are now twelve to one.” I turn my head slightly, watching for the Commander or Captain as I take back the glass. He pretends to survey the deck hands at work.
“I suggest maybe putting him in a lifeboat first,” the Captain says, walking up behind us. We acknowledge his presence and salute – a quick and subdued ‘Sir.’ He lands a heavy hand on Maury’s shoulder with a tight squeeze. “We can watch him as he does it, maybe give us time to react,” he continues. We chuckle at the idea – the thought of us all hunkered down, hand on the throttle to make a quick getaway as he floats closer to doom and despair. “Of course we would have sober Gentlemen on watch as he was doing so. What do you think, Mr. Maury?”
“Aye,” Maury agrees, looking out and away to conceal the sudden dose of panic. “Of course, Sir.”
The Captain reaches up, slightly tips the back of my hat, pushing it forward and down a little. I correct it – not making eye contact with the Captain, tossing the empty beer glass over the side without confirming if anyone noticed.
***
Having diverted from our course – there we were, waiting for what was to happen. Standing on the quarterdeck with the Officer Staff, we watched. Mr. Eisley and his machine were on the bow. Reaching a hand along the length of my waist, triple checking to make sure my loaded pistol was still there. Maury notices.
“Just…” I let out low and slow, “in case.” Maury slips out a low and deep chuckle – thinks I’m paranoid.
After some time, the space surrounding us goes quiet – more so quiet that a ship full of men should ever be in the void of isolated darkness – a field of space before us begins to form, curve, and seems to fold the ends in the darkness of dust and stars in an arc, bringing the two ends closer together. Maury looks at me, my sidearm, a deep feeling of regret beginning to seep into him.
A red streak strikes outs from the curved space, smashing hard on deck. Shaking the ship as well as our nerves, the figure on deck reaches out – grabbing a nearby deck hand and severing an arm from his body. A darkness, a beast, a creature from another universe, something un-human, some kind of nightmare. The men scream in horror as the beast lurches out for another crewman. Those near it fire away, bullets reigning into the creature with no effect. As bullets fly, it’s blood mixes with that of the dead and severed bodies on deck. Reaching its extended claws into a crewman trying to escape, it grabs hold of him – severing the man’s spine from his corpse. The shock and sheer terror that flowed through the ship was insurmountable. We scramble down to help, to do anything, to stop and kill the beast.
An emission – a burst of white light – surges through space, out and away from the nearby blue cosmic cloud surrounding the Kintero. Landing on deck, something like-human, it takes to the beast – swinging a heavy sword in one hand, spear in the other. Lurching at the newly fashioned warrior, the beast tackles him, the two struggling as they roll across the deck – the armor of the warrior clamoring, ear piercing cries from the beast, they relentlessly struggle for dominance. They separate, leaving the warrior on his hands and knees, the beast obviously severely marred.
Seeing an advantage, a crewman takes after the beast. The warrior stands, takes up his sword, and cleaves the crewman in half as he tries to do so – his lifeless body and splintered bone spilling across the deck. In a fervid attempt, Mr. Eisley tries to run away from the beast and toward the safety of the warrior, only to be heralded by an invisible force summoned by the warrior raising a hand, tossing him over the side to fall into the void of space below.
Dropping the sword, the warrior takes up his spear, lunging headfirst to the charging beast. Impaling him in a great heave, the beast wreaks and wreathes in pain, screeches an ear ringing terror, clawing and pulling at the spear. The warrior holds on, running to the side of the ship, spreading mighty wings, taking he and the gored beast over the side and across space. He flaps once, then a streak of light reaches out and into the curve of space.
The curve disappears – no sight or sound to be heard.
16. Still The Sensation
Docked at Vulanda Star Port – Orbiting Planet Polia
Events over the last week have reaffirmed the mantra of what happens when spending long periods of time in a combat environment – extended lengths of boredom interrupted by flashes of fear. The only excitement we had over the last seven days had been chasing off a possible Scavenger from the convoy. Nary a shot fired.
We had come to port, at least, which would be a well needed – though not well deserved – couple days of liberty. A large Star Port, Vulanda was a major destination for large vessels. Our ship was overshadowed by the others, even though the individual slips were some distance apart. No time to waste. As the Officers and crew pack bags for a couple night’s stay, I mulled around the quarterdeck, waiting for the Captain to return. When he did, the crew assembled on deck, awaiting the specifics.
The Captain didn’t wait, didn’t hesitate to consume our valuable time. “Twenty five hours, Gentlemen. That will be all.”
The men fought the urge to glare and grumble, but they knew he had no control of it, nor would he have any of it. It wasn’t fair, but not like we had earned it anyways. “Mr. Wade,” he orders in a formal, Captain-like voice. Stopping, I close my eyes and inhale – I knew what was about to happen. I typically avoid the very thought of this lest it summon the omen. “My apologies, Mr. Wade,” he says, busying himself with the papers he had just received, a deep and extended breath void of any genuine concern. “I’ve made the accommodations. No need to contact the Dock Master.” He looks at me in a formal, Captain-like way. “Any questions?”
“No, Sir,” I reply, the position of attention, a lifeless expression, a firm salute to the brim. “Sir.”
Damnit. Pulling watch on the ship while in port. Babysitting was more like it. In such a secure part of the universe, we could fall asleep drunk in the top watch and nothing would happen. I guess I should make sure we don’t float away. A glance to the bowline – check.

Finally making a move, my only accompaniment for the evening – a Petty Officer named Winston – just placed his rook in extreme jeopardy…again. He was terrible. Chess was not his game, though not for lack of trying. At this point I made moves just to see what he would do. Like the previous eight games, I knew how this was going to end. He seemed to hold some aspiration, though.
“Permission to come aboard!” a sturdy man’s voice rings out from the dock. I knew that voice – the Captain.
“Sir!” I shout from the railing, watching him already making his way up the gangplank. He was accompanied by a group ten or so, followed by hired hands bringing tables, chairs, and other assortments behind them. Surprised, a smile on my face, I give a quick salute and shake his hand. “This is unexpected, Sir.”
“We thought we’d join you, Leftenant,” he says, explaining that he ran into others he knew who were staying at the Star Port. Reservations at the swankiest places were booked, so this would have to do. We set up tables, chairs, cloth, dishes, lights, and drinks on the deck under masts and stars. Catered, we dined very well at the Captain’s personal expense. An ill-conceived notion at first, but then it became nice – pleasant, actually. The company was light hearted, excited to be on deck of an old girl. A good-looking bunch, obviously professionals, some prior service, some artisans. No need to navigate, no watch to keep, no hands to check on. We dined in the candlelight, in the dark of evening within in the shadow of our cosmic host for the duration of ‘night’.
As dining came to an end, they began to gather their things and continue the party elsewhere. The port was waiting – shenanigans at the highest commission, it appeared. They lingered awhile, though. No rush to not go far.
I feel her slip her arm into mine, having one too many, possibly. We talk with our little group, but when the conversation turned stale she held me captive, having me tour the deck with her as we exchanged idle words. Her date for the night wasn’t nearby, but she didn’t seem anxious to get back to him. Her name was Tasha. She was a beautiful woman – blonde, slender, impeccable genetics.
“It’s cold, don’t you think?” Tasha asks, pulling me closer with a tug. In the shade of the cosmos, it most certainly was. Making our way into the main cabin, she warms herself a bit, rubbing her hands on my arm and coat. A hired hand brings a pot of tea and the Captain’s china, setting it on the small table between us. As we talk, her fingertips graze mine, her foot accidently rubbing my leg as she adjusted in the seat, shining dress clinging to a reveal, her slow smiles were most certainly not deliberate.
Reaching for the pot, she feels with her hands. “Mmm,” she lets out questionably, a playful shake of her head, “this won’t do. Too cold now.”
“I’ll get the help.”
“No need,” she injects, taking hold of the pot and heading for the kitchen. “I’m a big girl.” As she goes I shame myself, checking to make sure the chair didn’t wrinkle the back of her dress. She soon returned with a hot pot of tea between the two of us. Pouring, I cheer to her, making sure she noticeably takes a drink first before setting down her cup, of course, making myself appear busy by adjusting my seat. Satisfied – I drink as well.
Alas, the party arrives to steal her away. She gets close, having to scoot past me in an open room, hand on my shoulder with lips close. “Another tea tomorrow?”
I make a short nod, a sound of agreement. She lets her hand slide from me before turning to leave. It was a better way to pass the evening, at least.
***
I had retired for the night, sneaking a beer after everyone had left, and allowed sleep  to take hold. Feeling myself drift away, a final conscious breath, I felt a light sensation through my body…
I was walking along a hallway, rooms flanking both sides. I knew which door to stop at, using the key I apparently held in hand to enter. A suite of sorts, a single dim light coming from another room. Large windows showed the coolness of the evening sky settling over city heights. A sliver of blue in the sky is suppressed on the horizon by the heavy blanket of the coming night.
Her evening wear hung loosely, the silk tracing the outlines of her body. Already aware I had arrived, she walked and moved as though she anticipated my arrival, my movements, my thoughts. Her blonde hair fell loosely on slender shoulders as if just released after being pent up for too long. A light sound as her feet gently touch the floor. A sleek feeling as she runs her hands over my shoulders, removing the distance between our bodies.
The darkness of the room highlight her features, the curves of a slender frame, the nights light slipping through her hair. Though no longer accounting for her wear – still the sensation of silk. The scent of her perfume, the taste of her body, the warmth of her, all running through me – capturing me. Her body relaxed, hands clutching sheets, with sturdy legs holding on to me where I stood. Though I restrained the eagerness, delaying the inevitable, she didn’t seem concerned. Reluctantly I subdued.
Now separate, I become still. The feeling of light, sporadic touches on her body brings a selfish smile to her face. Her hand on mine, relaxed, she looks out to view the lights of the city across the horizon now consumed by the night sky. The sight of her there…
***
“Morning, Sir,” a passing crewman offers. I was up early today, somehow fresh from the previous night though a feeling of need lingered. We would ship out later today, with some of the crew already returning and getting settled. As the day wore on, we made ready and prepared for the Captain’s return.
“Mr. Wade.” A voice, a woman’s voice, calling to me from the dock. The Captain’s entourage had come to see us off. A check to my pocket watch – still a couple hours yet. The Captain motions for me so I make my way down the gangplank, salute, and ‘how’d-you-do’ to the group. “Mrs. Tasha has made a request for your presence. I think you can spare an hour for a late morning brunch, Leftenant.”
Concealing my contentedness, I agree, escaping with her at a nearby cafe to steal segments of her time. A pot of tea between the two of us – just as before. The way things were going, I told myself it would not end the same, though lying to myself never got me anywhere. It was difficult talking to her – only able to see the images from my night before.
I hardly remember a word of what she said as the images came and went. Eventually her counterpart arrives, seeming to be familiar with consuming her time. He glances at me without changing his expression, patiently waiting. She didn’t seem bothered or rushed. A few kind words between the two of us – the sort of words you’re relegated to amidst company, though with a feeling that more needed to be said instead. She gave me her hand, slipping a note in mine as we separated. A word to her, a gesture to him, and they were off. Once they had gone, I open my fist and unfold the crumpled note:
Clayton – The city lights are beautiful, but I prefer the beach. 
~Tasha
I quickly look up, folding the note, watching in the direction she had gone. In a nervous, almost reflexive motion, I take a step in her direction before stopping myself. A look to the note again. Checking the time, I begin a quick and direct walk back to the ship. A nervousness ran through me, a small voice in my mind… the beach.
17. Bulera
Floating Through Space – Opelia Quadrant
There was no other way to think about it anymore. He really was cursed. His curse, it seemed, was guilt – albeit he never did it to himself. For weeks now he had been drifting, floating through space on a chunk of what used to be the Argo. No telling what day it was or how long he had been there, but he thought it a good guess.
His curse, it appeared, was survivors guilt. It was over quickly, however, the ambush coming faster and harder than could ever be expected. No one was left – no one but him. The remnants of the ship, along with the dead, were scattered along space on the outskirts of a solar system ne’er traveled. A stream of pieces, twisted metal, guns, doors, rigging, beds, pots, bodies, all strung along what must now be dozens of miles. He had hardly moved – traveling so slowly through space with no inertia to move them.
I open my eyes, still lying on the floor in the corner of an empty room of this derelict. There it is – a scratching sound. Standing suddenly, I make my way to a pile of rummaged things, stopping short and listening.
There! Pulling apart the pile, I start easy before beginning to thrust things out of the way. The scratching sound grows louder and more prominent. It’s a chewing, gnawing sound. The call of the cicada. A sound like scratching a pen on the inside of my skull. It has to be here! Where IS IT!?
After destroying the place, what could be considered to some as decorating with the current state the ship was in, I lay back down in the corner where I was before – hands over my ears, clamping my eyes shut, teeth gritting. The scratching, gnawing sound continuing, the grinding of a pen in my skull growing louder.
Eyes bloodshot – senses drained – I can hear it. Different this time. Louder. A rumble in the distance followed by a dull beep. I remain in the corner, refusing to give into hope…before a light flickers, more of a pulsing. Crawling forward, I see through the cracks: A Ship! A massive, modern ship! Rising, running to the destroyed side of my prison I reach out and scream, voice straining at the top of my lungs, burning in my throat, straining in my mind, almost forgetting to breathe between screams. The ship comes closer, lights searching the area. If it’s the Ministry I’m saved. If it’s a Scavenger then at least it will put me out of my misery. A small ship is dispatched – heading my direction.
***
For five days now I have been at the Bulera Star Port in the stratosphere of the water planet Ulsarna. A Ministry ship had found the trail of debris from the Argo through space, leading them to me. It was a mere coincidence they were in the area. Their Commander told me that the Ministry didn’t even know we were missing until four days after we were destroyed. I spent the days sleeping, recovering from the ordeal. I had lost nearly twenty pounds, but I’m slowly recovering. They brought me to Bulera to be transferred on another ship back home.
I didn’t mind the waiting. They put me up above a tavern, which was ideal – all expenses paid by the Ministry. I made no attempt to contact anyone. I answered questions and filled out paperwork for the ambassador’s Ministry bureaucrat, but that was all. I really didn’t have it in me to explain what had happened just yet. That topic, as it was disclosed to me, retained a Secret classification due to the investigation anyways.
I had finally gotten into a normal, better routine other than sleeping, eating, and soaking in a hot shower. It was time to emerge, so I took for a walk outside. Passengers, Soldiers, Sailors, workers, and dock hands alike all out and about. The weather demanded my coat, a breeze blowing at this altitude. I walked the docks, through busy streets, out to a point overlooking the blue orb below. Before long I head back to the Tavern. Eating was out of the question, but drinking would be my vice tonight, it seemed. As the spaceport followed the orbit of the planet, night came, a luminous orange-blue as we rounded into the darkness. Having spent enough of the Ministry’s money in liquid abandonment, I retired for the night.
***
Waking, it was hard to tell what time it was, though it was obviously early day. Clouds seemed to have shrouded the Station, engulfing everything in a dim, gray light. I get ready as I normally do before closing the door after leaving my room. Walking downstairs, I can clearly hear my footsteps echo off of the walls, but that’s all I can hear. The foyer is empty. So is the bar. So is the balcony. No one. The only thing I could make out was the deafening sound of silence – a thin, stale sound, heavy like the gray surrounding the Station.
Slowly, I emerge from the tavern, walking along the street and down to the pier. All of the ships were gone, slips empty, nothing below but the now-gray skies to the planet below which now could not be seen. I walked lightly, for some reason having a feeling that my presence will summon some evil that has consumed – apparently – everyone else. In the distance I see a figure, human, standing by a row of light posts. Getting closer to him, he doesn’t move, but I look around slowly – still with light steps – fearful of what he may do, who he may be. Stopping short, a small distance away, I look to him.
“Hey,” I state in a solid voice. He doesn’t really move. “What happened? Where is everyone?”
He takes an easy step forward, looking around a bit. “Nothing,” he replies, an easy and unconcerned tone, “and they’re still here,” he continues, allowing his response some time to sink in.
“Right,” I say, feeling easier about him. If he were here to kill me then he would have done it already. “Where are we?”
“Bulera,” he says so matter-of-factly, already knowing I knew the answer.
‘This is strange,’ I think. ‘I’m getting nowhere.’
“Walk with me,” he recommends, gesturing with arm extended, turning to the stretch along the pier. We walk together slowly, neither of us saying much. A light flapping sound echoes in the distance. It gets closer – long strokes of wings – a sudden thud atop a light post. A dark figure – large wings covering a four-appendaged body. A long, jagged tail of defined edges hanging loosely. A small head moves erratically to what caught its attention. A deep glottal, clicking sound draws louder and softer as it manipulates whatever made such a sound. My guest doesn’t take notice, or seem to care about the creature, so I didn’t become nervous just yet. Footsteps knock on the ground from another direction. Turning, I slowly draw my pistol, cocking the hammer.
“No need, Clay,” my host assures me, hands behind his back, coat ends blowing in the wind. Ignoring him, I watch to where the steps are coming. A man, casually dressed with things in his arms, walks around the corner in a deliberate and direct manner.
“Hey!” I shout. Nothing. The new figure continues on his way.
“Mr. Wade,” my host says sternly, watching me, obviously not concerned with this strange sight. Sounds come alive around me – people coming and going, ships flying overhead, vehicles driving by, all oblivious to the gray. With pistol still in hand I turn, looking around as the world comes alive though shrouded by the blanket of gray.
“HEY!” I shout. Still nothing. I look to my host as I approach him. “What did you do!? Where are we?” Pointing the pistol at him, my heart rate increases, thudding against my ribs and louder than my thoughts as I try to get an answer.
He looks at me as if I’m a child in fit, a look of knowing I wasn’t a threat.
“Bulera,” he repeats, a bit of concern now in his voice. The creature crouches, spreading its wings, and flaps up and above near the casually dressed man – picking him out of the crowd. We follow, staying some distance behind. My host stops and crosses his arms, watching with an upset look on his face, a low sound from within. The creature swoops down, landing on the building overhead the busy man, sounds of glottal clicking increasing – emitting a terrifying and deafening sound.
Suddenly a vehicle careens from the road, turning, rolling, people screaming as the man is crushed by the vehicle, pinned up against the wall with what body he had left. Terrified, I look to my host – unmoved, not a muscle. The creature shrieks, spreads it wings slowly, flaps, and flies away.
“What the HELL!?” I shout, hands on my head, looking around. “You!” I say to my host, only sparing an uninterested glance. “Get me the hell out of here!”
“There he is,” he says, his hand pointing a single finger to a man in a suit driving around the bloody scene.
“Who?” I ask, looking around.
“The man who sent you to rot on that derelict craft of yours for weeks on end. Leaving you for dead,” he replies casually. “He works for the Ministry. Some staff office, desk jockey puke. He only makes the plans, shouldn’t be blamed should he?”
We begin to walk to the where the desk jockey stopped, watching him get out of his vehicle. I was curious at first, then upset, then irate. A creature flies overhead, then another, following us to the building as we walked. Entering the building, the creatures collect on the rooftop, their symphony of death bouncing between one another – so loud we can hear them from within. So strange – a world engulfed by a sheet of grey that no one else sees, no one seeing us.
Jockey goes to the fourth floor and into his office with a desk backed by a large window. Fists clenched, I pass through the closed door, the jockey messing with some papers on a shelf. As he turns, I go into an angry sprint, violently shoving him, hurling him over the chair, through the window, and screaming all the way to the sudden stop of death below. The creatures howl, screeching their deathly cry through the thick cloud – so loud my ears begin to ring, digging into my mind. I hold onto my ears, my head, my sanity.
On the floor now, hunkered down in the corner, the sound scratching like a pen in my skill and through my head. The relentless gnawing, the grinding against my skull.
Make it stop…
MAKE IT STOOOOOOOOOP!!!!
18. Periapsis
Ministry Ship Escort; Counterattack – Utura Quadrant; Near Galaxy 2wIL
She practically sprang from nowhere. A Scavenger ship rounded out from a nearby planet and scattered our deck with rapid-fire shot before taking a run on The Hanaptra, our ship to escort for the voyage to a Ministry stronghold some ten days away. The Hanaptra took some damage, but was able to return fire with what little defenses she had before she gave way – a hard starboard and rolling outwards.
“Steady Now!” I shout, our port coming into line with the distant Scavenger. Gripping onto a beam I steady myself, straining to look out an open gun port. Closer now – “FIRE!” 
Our rounds come out hot and direct, a single line of effort, some landing directly in her side, others on her fringes. Bursts of cosmic blue and purple from our rounds shroud the enemy ship in a cloud of hate and victory. She was a large, dark ship, but our guns were itching and burning even before the barrels let loose. These men hardly missed, and they knew it.
Shouts ring out from on deck, the rearward gunmen locking the behemoth cannons outwards.
Oh Lord, no.
“Fire Men!!” I bellow across the gun deck. “Don’t wait!” Two rounds blast out from our stern, firing at another Scavenger waiting for its opportunity to strike, for us to take the bait in pursuing her sister ship.
Starboard reloading, portside anxious, rearward heaving-to. We feel our ship yaw violently, a steep turn, a moderate dive. Everyone holding on, no one moving, whatever not tied down rolling and tossed about us. The Captain wasn’t about to let any of these two get a shot off on us, though he knew he didn’t have to make us evade this hard even in the most dire of fights. By the way we were flying, he was at the helm himself.
God love that man.
“Mr. Wade,” the Captain calls casually over the radio net. Our ship rights, picks up speed, a large planet of our host galaxy out forward of us. The Hanaptra had been hit. She was slowing, but not yet out of the fight.
“Sir!” I shout back, finally able to let go of the beam and make my way to the radio. The men were reloading, shouting orders, and carrying on their duties. The decks above were busy narrowing the sail lines, diverting all power flow to the engines, Officers on watch keeping an eye on our enemy and any sudden changes in her winds. The Captain issues orders. I acknowledge, looking to the Gun Master with a not-too-pleased look.
“Men!” I declare, getting those who could to pay attention. I remain still as I process what was happening, clenching my jaw a bit. They wait for whatever word…”PERIAPSIS!” I shout. The crew sort of stares at me in chaotic silence.
Not happy. They were in this fight to win – not this.
Periapsis: We would use the nearest planet’s gravitational pull to increase our speed while firing our own engines at full capacity. A close orbit, a very close orbit to the planet in order to create distance between ourselves and the enemy. A slingshot.
To the men it sounded like this: Haul in the guns and hunker down, boys – we’re running.
Tactically it made sense – eliminating surprise from one side of the ship, using the planets well-lit horizon to identify enemy ships to our front or rear. Operationally it was smart. Strategically it felt like betrayal.
If it weren’t for The Hanaptra, then the crew probably would have disobeyed or mutinied depending on how I would respond to their ultimatum. Regardless – guns in. Hunker down.
***
For six hours we have been careening around the planet at shallow orbit. The Hanaptra out front, us adjusting speed to accommodate for her damage. The Scavenger ships peeled away, not to be seen since the first engagement. Our speed was incredible. Under better conditions, we would all be on deck enjoying the view. As it was, however, I was on first watch. Ensign Maury would follow. The Commander was in charge as the Captain was occupied in the radio room. Upon the Captain’s return, he meets with the Commander on the quarterdeck, close enough for me to overhear.
“I’ve radioed the Ministry,” the Captain tells him, “though no response yet. We will round out our orbit at eighty three percent revolution, make a wide birth, then return to our course 1792 degrees center right. Engage at will, Commander.” The Commander acknowledges and we continue our course.
The chef’s mate brings the Commander and I coffee as we keep an eye out on the quarterdeck. We discuss idle things, nothing of any practical use – anything but the current situation. The cold atmosphere of space gently blows now that we are up to speed. The blue-white refraction of light from the planet bouncing from under the sails, the deep and black horizon, the patchwork of stars out from us.
“There!” a crewman points out. The shout grabs our attention, looking up and away. Exchanged glances with the Commander, a shrug. Nothing. “THERE!” the crewman shouts again. “I’m not crazy!” It really was there. A flash of light darting across the sky, stopping, then starting again. Gone. The Commander and I look at each other puzzled. No ship could ever travel that fast. Ever. Another streak of light – this time in one continuous stream. Then two together. The Commander gently sets down his coffee, then runs to warn the Captain.
“Sir!” the Signaleer shouts. “We’re being jammed!” He was right. Our communications were coming in scrambled, our optics broken and incomplete.
“Radio The Hanaptra,” I order, grabbing a communications device and heading topside – the Captain and Commander were already on deck. “We’ve made contact with The Hanaptra, Sir,” I inform them. At least we still have that line of communication. Hats on, searching through the skies. I tell the Captain what I know as he orders Maury to the gun deck, myself to survey the horizons.
“RUN OUT THE STERN GUNS!” The Captain shouts. A small ship had entered the low orbit at high speed, heading our direction. Within seconds the guns were run out, charging, and blasting away as our engines roared away at low orbit. The small craft takes a direct hit, bursting into pieces and incinerated in a rain of fire within the planet’s atmosphere. The streaks of light overhead continue. The radios are still jammed. Gun crews stand by – prepared to slow the ship, open port, pull out of orbit, and fight.
Another anomaly – a device, possibly a satellite orbiting overhead in the very far away distance. The streaks of light have seemed to slow, but every once and awhile there would be one. The satellite remained directly overhead, but  as we traveled at our current speed so close to the planet, it seemed impossible for it to be able to keep up. The satellite object flashes a few times, then faster, then slower. We bring up the Signal Officer, asking him to make sense of it. He tells us the flashing doesn’t generate any identifiable pattern.
“They have us cornered, Captain.”
“Sir, I say we fight before more show up.”
“You radioed the Ministry, Sir. They’ll come. Just let us fight it out here.”
More idle satellites show up, now a string of them across the sky and directly in our path. No matter which way we turned, no matter how fast we altered course, the string of satellites can be seen stretching across the curve of the planet and out across the horizon directly in line with our path. The satellites begin signaling bright lights all at once. At first indistinguishable, then too slow, but we begin to figure it out. It’s Morse.
The Signal Officer reports with a piece of paper. “Cease Fire,” it says, “Leave Orbit. Each ti…for the shi…close to the pl…” That’s all we made out. The rest was too fast or slow to be anything. Radios jammed, no more small ships dispatched, streaks of light still appearing every once and awhile. The Captain stands on the quarterdeck, hands behind his back, looking out and away from us. A glance to the string of light-emitting diode satellites. We wait, not sure what to expect. He doesn’t turn to look at us before speaking.
“Run out the guns, Leftenant.”
Ports open, guns out at their farthest, the men shouting and preparing for what comes next. The deck is organized chaos. The Captain stands near the helm, unmoved by the excitement and panic. The Argo lurches up and away as engines whine and vibrate the deck, toward the string of satellites, toward whatever comes next. Finally breaking away from the planets orbit, we come into view of a massive ship. One never seen before, though seeming familiar. Our ship loses all power. The men fire off the loaded volley in a heave and roar. The guns blast away, but they have little effect. Panic ensues, men preparing to fight if boarded. Some men just stand and await their fate. Eventually we are slowed to a standstill.
The ship comes nearer: it’s from the Ministry. An odd shape, a strange look, though Ministry. We take on their Command dispatch team, the Captain showing them to his private stateroom. Some time goes by, but we are not sure what to make of it. Men shake their heads, still talking about the streaks of light and signals. The bazaar nature of it all.
“Thank you, Gentlemen,” the Captain says, seeing the Command dispatch team out of the room and back to their ship. We salute their Command and the Captain. We watch them return to their massive ship. Quiet. Not a word. We look to the Captain, knowing what he was about to say was critical.
“It seems we’ve been away some time now, Gentlemen,” he tells us in a calm voice.
“Been away, Sir,” the Commander pries. We exchange looks. “What do you mean, Sir? For how long?”
The Captain looks to us, between us, over faces, back to the planet we just left. “Some three hundred and forty years.”
19. Haleptra
Refit Operations; Truesta Space Station – Galaxy u8E
With sails stowed, we drifted slowly to what would be our host for the next two days – a large Space Station called the Truesta. She was one of the largest Stations constructed, taking on dozens of ships across her flanks and up to five ships in her interior bays. Thousands of people stayed on these things for years at a time, some a decade or more.
We made a fine spectacle as we approached. The Staff Officers on the quarterdeck, the men lining the rails, the midshipmen staged at points prepared to order the casting of lines. For the past forty days we had been on mission. While out, we had some contact with Scavengers, taking some damage requiring repairs and refit as well as a break for the men. We still had another thirty days to go after we leave Truesta. I was more than ready to spend some time here, having never been myself. It was incredible, beyond my imagination of what it was really like. Ships were coming and going, large and small, merchant and civilian, private and military.
Closer to the bay entrance, we taxied in under her generated gravitational pull. A crawling speed, we had to be careful not to tip the masts on the bay entrance as we entered. The bay was enormous, so large I would have to turn my head all around to take it in. Our ship was moderate to small compared to what could be housed here, at any rate. Entering the bay now, the blinding white lights steal our vision before our sight can return. On the quarterdeck we stand, Officers in line, myself and Ensign Maury on the far end. The bell tolls, the whistle blows for Captain’s Call, all of us stoic in our positions for the formal reception and show of a Ministry dog-and-pony.
Off to the dock below I can see her – a white uniform of sorts and clasping a cluttered clipboard, her skin as fair as the lights, her hair a velvet red and pinned up tightly. She was watching us arrive along with the dozen or so others on the dock, appearing to be the refit and maintenance crews receiving us. Not able to turn my attention away, I focus on her as we continue to slowly arrive at our final destination.
“Cast – Lines!” the Mate calls, the Midshipmen relaying orders as crew toss lines to the dock below.
“She’s a Haleptra,” Maury quietly says from the corner of his mouth, a contained smile on his face without moving his head or posture. I squint a little at his words, not understanding. Breaking his stance a little, Maury leans close. He explains how she’s not really human. Though she’s externally physiologically agreeable to the human stature, she’s anatomically disagreeable with humans in the most exclusive of sentiments. As he continues to quietly explain, the Captain gets impatient with us, making a deep grumbling sound, making us return to our original positions – and silent.
At full stop, the Captain leads us to the deck for reception by the Station’s Senior Military Executive Attache. “Make – Rail!” the Mate shouts. All hands grab onto the ship with one hand. At that time the bay door closes, they flip the switch, and gravity leaves the room. We hold ourselves firm to the deck while those in the bay do the same. We kill our engines, disabling the artificial gravity. The ship floats in the bay, tethered to the dock, everyone now flying for themselves. We all make our way out of the bay, allowing the crews to go about their work.
***
Later that evening, the Officers are called to dinner with a Ministry dignitary who happens to be on Station – having anticipated the Captain’s arrival. Having finished, we loitered around the lounge, taking to our drinks. I think I was on my third by this time.
“Ugh, you’re an angel,” a woman says to the bartender as he puts her usual drink down just as she sits – her voice foreign though the language not misunderstandable. Her work clothes still about her, velvet hair tied up, that light skin luminous in the dim atmosphere. I exchange a look to Maury who’s giving an easy smile and not-interested eyes.
‘To Hell,’ my expression responds to Maury. ‘I’m going.’ 
Taking a seat next to her, she doesn’t protest. When she looked at me I couldn’t tell how long I stared before speaking, but either way I was obvious. Her eyes were velvet red – the same color as the hair against her pale skin, that luminous smile.
We talked for a while, cutting the edge of our stress and unfamiliarity with a few drinks, I consuming more than her at this point. Her name was Kelsie, the lead engineer for the maintenance team overseeing the Argo while she were anchored. She makes fun of our previous misfortunes, telling us to let the enemy know they are supposed to hit the hull – not everything attached to it. Regardless, repairs would be complete by tomorrow night. We walk together to the large windows overlooking the outskirts of an unnamed galaxy, admiring the blues and greens of celestial clouds, blades of light from around planets, the darkness of the night-sky slipping into our conversation, filling our minds.
The other Officers begin to call it a night, Kelsie telling me she’s exhausted and has an early start tomorrow. “Enjoy the Station, Clayton,” she says. “We’ll have you out of here soon.”
“Clay,” I tell her, she nodding her head side to side a little, a light smile. I watch her, those velvet red eyes would soon burn into my memory. She sets down her empty glass, looking at me – a little unnerved from my staring – before I break my gaze and divert attention to the stars.
She smirks at my expense, a friendly smile. “I’m sorry,” she chuckles, “I just –”
“No…” I quickly inject. “I was staring, I’m sorry. It was rude of me. I think better of myself.”
A light sound from her. “It’s fine, Clay. No worries.” She adjusts her shirt, checking for the things in her pocket. “Maybe you’ll be around tomorrow, then?” she asks, now searching more for my reaction than what she originally intended in her pockets. I agree, we exchange pleasantries, and she turns to leave – a hand on my shoulder, down my arm, a light squeeze to my hand. Without looking back – she’s gone, velvet red and all.
***
I left my secure communicator in my Wardroom. That’s it – that’s the lie I told myself and the Captain before I headed toward the bay that afternoon. The bar didn’t open for some time and, to be perfectly honest, why wouldn’t the Leftenant check on how maintenance was going? Turning, I could see her walking down the hallway, heading for the bay, as well.
“Kelsie,” I say in a I’m-not-excited-to-see-you voice. “I’m glad I caught you,” I continue, trying to think of some way to explain my bad excuse. She watches me, a curious lip, a raised brow.
“You need on the ship…” she says finally, tiring of my rambling.
“Yes,” I reply exhaustedly, stopping my speech short and clearing my throat as if the Spring air still lingered on the ship. In space.
We make our way for the bay door and she reaches for the button. “You ready?”
I nod to her, sure of myself. The door opens and we enter. Still weightlessness in the bay, I grab onto a shelf, keeping my feet on the floor. No one else was around, the maintenance teams still out. Moving, slightly floating, I grab onto a tow cable and slowly pull myself a short distance toward the ship – coat floating about me. Stopping, I look back. Kelsie is still standing there, watching me curiously. I look at her awkwardly, away, then back at her. She has this little smirk on her lips before it turns into a light laugh, watching me floating with my coat all over the place, legs floating. I suddenly felt embarrassed for some reason. She presses her lips together as if she noticed she was laughing at my expense.
“So,” I say, trying to reduce my embarrassment somewhat. “What made you want to become an engineer? Not much less in a weightless environment?”
She stops smirking, a smile remaining on her face, and she walks across the floor naturally with clipboard in hand. She passes me as I watch in an unsure awe. She removes her gaze from mine as she continues to walk with feet firmly on the deck, finally turning to me from some distance away.
“That’s where you’re going, right?” she says with a lazy hand pointing toward the ship. I nod slowly, an inquisitive look with my eyes locked on her while holding my coat to my side with one hand, stabilizing myself with the other.
She puts her hands at her side, slowly lifts off the dock, then stills in midair. Looking to the ship, she floats towards it now, slowly, deliberately. Watching where she goes, she floats to a mast above, fastening a loose rope in its place, then over the deck before finally landing. I pull myself along the cable toward the ship, my blood warming until I generate enough speed. Letting go, I use the inertia to float, although maybe a little too fast. Quickly floating toward the shrouds just above the deck, I start to panic. I let out an incoherent shout and wave my arms in a desperate and ungentlemanly maneuver. Feeling a hand grip my coat, she leaps up to grab me, pulling me down to the deck. When we settle, she lets out a contained laugh, a deep chuckle of a thing. She was darling. It was impossible not to become addicted to her grace. Her eyes locked onto mine, continuing her humor at my expense. I give her thanks, watching her grin and examine my face.
“I’m a Haleptrarian,” she begins to explain, sort of to herself, trying not to be rude. I nod in understanding. She begins to explain that there are…differences…between us, but I kindly and quickly change the subject without allowing her any additional time for explanation.
She hangs onto my coat, holding me close to the deck, close to her. She idly explains the work they’ve completed to fix the Argo, a hand on my shoulder to keep me down as she turns and leads me on a tour of my own ship. She takes my hand, a subtle bend in her knees, before we float to the quarterdeck. Landing, she pulls me close to her using both hands, my coat now about her.
“Thought I may have lost you there for a minute,” she jests, her smile turning serious. She looks into my eyes, to my face, to my coat as she fiddles with her grip. Lightly, we begin to float above the deck. It was strange, but I could feel her flowing through me as we continued the slow and steady ascent. She wraps an arm inside the coat and around me.
I raise a hand to her face and into her hair as she reaches back and lets her hair loose, the velvet red floating behind her in a wavy, weightless mass. Running my hand through it – smooth, as somehow expected – I feel her ability to control gravity and space flow into my body before feeling the light touch of her lips to mine. We float there together, one of her legs around mine to stabilize us while suspended.
We hold on as long as we can, knowing this will be brief. “You’ll be leaving,” she says quietly, deliberately avoiding eye contact. Breaking her thoughts, she floats us back down to the opposite side of the dock. Soon the door opens, the rest of the crew and maintenance teams returning. With her hands on my chest, she turns her head to the sound of their approach. Quickly returning her gaze, she leaves me with one last, light reminder of our encounter. “We’ll be in the Ypres Sector in a month,” she says in a hurry. “Come find me.” I agree without words, feeling her slip from my arms, watching her float up, above, out, and away from sight.
***
“Haul – Lines!” the Mate shouts. We slip backwards, lined on the quarterdeck as we were before. I watch as we slowly reverse, Kelsie watching as we are pulled apart, accompanied by the sharp sounds of the whistle and bell. The Captain notices my deliberate inattentiveness, but doesn’t say anything. Maury has a light smile, shaking his head a little. Kelsie watches as the Argo pulls away, letting out a thin and shallow breath as we slip from view.
Ypres in a month.
20. The Part Time Princess
Liberty – Daytona Beach, Florida
The water was a little rough, tossing the boat slightly as I fought against the current. Looking out to port, I tried my best to stay aligned with the beach in the near distance. This was just a daytrip, a joy ride of sorts, though it wasn’t my boat. I take in the main sail line while keeping the wheel straight, looking up to make sure the sails are full from the wind, letting out the jib to catch a little more speed. Standing at the helm of a thirty foot sailboat – it was pure bliss. Feeling the wind pull me along, I let out an overdue smile. In shorts and sunglasses, hair down above my shoulders, unshaven, cares away – I was completely out of regulation. A disgrace to the service.
The day had drawn to a near close. Sails stowed, trolleying into the harbor, I can see our condo building where we were staying. I came as a favor to a friend, the payment for that favor being my now-concluded excursion on someone else’s personal yacht, if you want to call it that. A beautiful boat for sure.
Amanda and I knew each other from back in our Academy days. We were cadets together. She had always struggled with her physical fitness, so sometimes in the early morning I would feign some injury or another excuse to lager behind the unit a bit and run with her until she returned to the start point. She blamed it on her weight, which she struggled with – always on the edge of being dismissed because of it – but we became Ensigns together nonetheless. Eventually it caught up to her and she had to leave the service, something she was very upset about. We stayed in touch, so here I am.
Mandy was a schemer of sorts. She met a millionaire-billionaire somewhere about six months ago and, apparently, they hit it off. He gave her a key to a condo here on Daytona which, to my enjoyment, had an accompanying sailboat. She came as an invitation to a gala he would be attending, likely a fundraising of some type or another. Her intent was to make their meetings permanent. The idea of me being here was for her to have run into an accomplice from the many people she was so well connected to. The truth to that story was a distant reality.
As we prepared for the evening, I hit the shower, still feeling the sun on my back and shoulders in the hot water. Towel around my waist, I put the white cream on my face and heat up the razor.
“Oh!” Mandy yells, storming into the bathroom. “No!”
Startled - I stand there, razor in hand, hunched over in the mirror – near frozen in terror of some unknown horrible consequence from shaving. “No,” she repeats, “you can’t shave. Keep the stubble, please. He will be clean shaven and you’ll be…well…” she says, gesturing to me in a dismissive way, trying not to make eye contact.
“Scrappy,” I fill in, having not moved. She makes like she’s thinking about what I said, agreeing without words, a backhanded politeness she possessed. Still – standing there it was hard not to look at her. Amanda was a beautiful woman. Her family was Hispanic, her naturally sun kissed skin and dark hair a compliment to her white smile and coffee colored eyes on that round face of hers. She was no stick figure, no model on a magazine, but she was more – woman. Seeing her there in that light blue slip, the curves of her body were a poorly kept secret. Nothing ever happened between us at the Academy, though not for lack of tabling the idea before it was shelved.
‘Ditch the uniform,’ she told me before arriving. No doubt also part of her plan. A plain black suit and tie instead, nothing to stand out. Mandy, however, was a bombshell in a strapless, ocean green gown – gorgeous. Just before we leave, I take out a miniature service metal and begin pinning it to the suit. Not missing a beat, she smacks it out of my hand as it bounces off the ground, a shocked look on my face.
“No! Clay…hey!” she says, grabbing me by the tie with both hands. “Stop trying to sabotage me here!”
“It’s a nice touch,” I tell her, attempting to retrieve my tie.
“This will be over soon enough, Clay. Then you can go parade in that damn thing all you want with whoever you want. You look…fine,” she continues, looking at my face with a little smirk. “Come here,” she says, making puckered lips at me, using my tie as leverage to bring me to her.
“Mandy! No,” I tell her, trying to get away, head back. “No, nooooo!” I go on, a finger pointed in her face, a light laugh escaping. Finally she gives way, making a sound like she was actually upset. “Go get your man,” I order, adjusting the now partially wrinkled tie. We shelved it.
***
The night….didn’t really go as planned. Walking into the gala, Mandy stops in her tracks, looking at all of the guests. I look to her, to the gathering, and back at her.
“What?”
She looks around before taking another step. “They’re dancing.”
I look to those on the dance floor without being able to see the problem. “…and?”
“I thought this was just a gathering, Clay. I can’t dance, especially not like that, “ she says, gesturing with her head. They were doing a sort of disorganized waltz. But the real problem was, there was her man, dancing with another woman…
Time goes by and Mandy still hasn’t let him know she’s here. Her second glass of wine from the cash bar – bastards – as we did a stake out of her man dancing with the other woman. She gets nervous, making comments about it.
“Look at the two of them,” she says, taking another drink. “Look how close they are.”
“That?” I reply, gesturing dismissively and tilting my head. “That…that’s a good distance apart. That distance to me says….cousin.”
She looks over at me as if she was wondering why my dead body hadn’t been stashed in a hole somewhere yet. Finally she works up the courage and finds an opportunity to strike, albeit after a few more dinks, but it doesn’t last.
Ten minutes later she was walking toward me deliberately and in a hurry, her eyes tearing up. “We’re leaving,” she stammers, grabbing my arm and dragging me along. Our way back to the condo was silent minus her heavy steps on the ground. To the room now, she fumbles through her bag for the key. I decide it’s time for the obvious.
“So,” I say, watching her eyes tear up, “not a cousin?”
“Nope,” she spurts, “definitely not. I feel like such a fool. I won’t do it,” she says, finally getting the key into the door. “I won’t do it – I won’t play the role of the part time princess for the weekend.”
She storms in before I slowly shut the door, letting her be mad. She had too many drinks and this was all a disaster, but I had better sense than to have a conversation regarding eggs and baskets – so I let her be. She rants for a while, the alcohol running its course before she turns to me.
“Clay…” she lets out in a broken voice, a hand to her mouth as the tears flow.
“Oh. Mandy, come here.” I take her in my arms as she has it out. She mumbles a few more sentences, but they were just words. She puts her arms around me, cries on my collar, kisses on my neck.
“Mandy – hey now. C’mon now. Hang – hang on. You’re drunk, why don’t you get changed, huh?”
I go in my room, trying to give her time to calm down before coming back to check on her. By the time I saw her again, her dress was on the floor, herself in bed, lights out. Turning out the hallway light, I do the same.
***
The sun had been up for a little while yet, but we were in no hurry. The light sound of a coffee cup being set down causes Mandy to open her eyes. Still in bed, a single sheet up to her neck, she doesn’t move much. Sitting at the table wearing sleep pants, I look over from my paper.
“Morning,” I say sarcastically from across the room while keeping an eye on her.
“Morning,” she provides in a low and somewhat embarrassed voice.
“Feeling ok?”
She does this slow nod, pulling the sheet up to her nose, her eyes locked on mine and turning almond shaped like they do when she gets a smile on her face. She takes a slow glance under the sheet, then back at me. It was obvious there wasn’t much left under there between she and I – the sheet doing the talking for her.
I put up a hand, lightly shaking my head. “Hey, I had nothing to do with that. When I came in here last night you were already out.” She’s still smiling, but seeming to be more from embarrassment than anything. She asks for a glass of water and I oblige. Taking it to her, she reaches out and takes the glass, the other setting herself up and a hand around my neck, pulling me to her.
“Are you hurting that bad?” I ask friendly enough.
“No,” she replies, a light smile and laugh. She continues to pull on me, letting the sheet fall to her waist.
“Do you mind?” I ask quickly, trying to pull my head away while she does the opposite.
“No,” she says through a laugh, both hands now tugging me to her.
‘This is pointless,’ I think to myself.
Letting her pull, feeling myself nearer, I submit. One hand on her cheek, a thumb tugging at her lower lip as she becomes serious. It’s amazing the softness of a woman’s lips first thing in the morning. The softness and warmth of her skin within the sheets, the ghost of her body lingering in the pillow and mattress.
She no longer has to pull, but rather make room. Inching my way down to her body, taking my time on the way down her cheek and neck, I feel her tugging at my morning attire. The sun against her light brown skin, her mess of dark hair – it was a moment I would never be able to capture with any picture. That sight only exists in this memory.
Slowly I took my time – years of pent up tension slowly releasing, unfamiliar territory between us being explored. I made it a point to accentuate and account for her curves. From her cheek to her ankles she was beautiful, nowhere not a firm fit in my hands. She was ticklish, a twitch from time to time as I explored, she containing a smile or letting out an indistinguishable word with her laugh.
God she was beautiful.
Pulling the sheet over us, my lips now on hers, we slowly introduced ourselves to one another. It had been years – the rest of the day would have to wait on us instead.
21. Three Years a Commander
Admiral’s Call – Admiral Halveston’s Estate; Loraine, France
The dispatch arrived yesterday afternoon. Either it was perfect timing or they expected us, we weren’t sure, though it seemed the latter was most probable. The Captain, Commander, and I have been summoned to Admiral Halveston’s personal estate in Loraine for what can be considered a ‘house call’. Not unusual, though rare, but we weren’t sure what the purpose was. Since it was not reporting to a headquarters of any sort, we were certain it wasn’t anything bad. We concluded that we would still have jobs once we returned.
Two days later we arrived by transport to the estate. It was an incredible place – the Ministry really knew how to take care of its own. Not really knowing what or who to expect, we made sure we put on a proper display – our finest uniforms with bright gold trimmings and buttons, a row of medals, gold shoulder braids and boards, swords and tall cocked hats.
The Captain seemed a little concerned, but unless he knew something I didn’t then I wasn’t worried about him. My best guess was a pat on the back and a medal for the Captain, so I left it at that. We made our way casually as we walked to the estate, our little group, the early summer heat increasing below the layers. Making our way up the stairs to the entrance, hands on our swords to reduce the clanking, we gave the appearance of being in no rush.
Handshakes go around, nodding of heads in respect to the Admiral. Halveston was a good man. I never served with him, but the Captain said he knew the Admiral when he was a Commander, the Captain an Ensign. I’ve only heard good things, so it really was a pleasure. We have afternoon drinks in the shade behind the estate, going on about the service and latest shenanigans, senior level palace intrigue and gossip – the usual. After dinner we gather in his study. I walk around the room glancing over the bookshelves, wondering if I’ll ever even be able to understand what all of this really means.
“I appreciate you staying around, Gentlemen,” Admiral Halveston says gruffly, taking a seat on the couch.
“Of course, Sir,” the Captain replies, “we were more than happy after completing our last journey.”
“That’s just it,” Halveston continues, “I wanted to discuss how effective Nelsonians are against the enemy. Things such as the function of the crew, operations on the gun deck, relaying commands and its effects in pitched engagements.”
“I hate to speculate, Sir, but…are there issues with how we handle the ship?”
“No.” Halveston quickly injects, adjusting his seat and clipping a cigar. “This is about the current state of things. About modernization. About relevance.” He strikes a match, lighting the end in a huff. “So – Leftenant?”
The mention of my rank brings me back to reality, the Captain looking to me quickly, as well. The Commander shifts his gaze between the three of us, a surprised smirk on his face.
A hesitation. “Myself, Sir?” The Admiral nods as if I were simple. ‘Good Lord,’ I thought, ‘a nice start to things.’ I go on for a few minutes about how well things are run on the ship. Praise the leadership, honor the men, recognize their bravery.
The Admiral listens and goes along, messing with the vice between his fingers. “Like I said…Leftenant?”
“Right, Sir,” I comply in a low voice, moving to a chair. He gestures and I sit, hat beside me, sword to the side. Enough with the Homage, get down to it…
The conversation goes on, my points direct and – mostly – supportive of the way things are now.
“Your last engagement seems to be proof of that principle,” Halveston says, a light inhale as he had done these past ten minutes.
“Usually I make the decision to load one side early –”
“As ordered to do so, Leftenant,” the Captain quickly injects. I feign a tight smile, a nod to the Captain. Without correcting myself, I continue. The Admiral looks to the Captain, then back to me.
“Sir,” I pronounce after regaining myself a bit, “the most significant drawback from the ships design still, to this day, remains the gun charge when drawing power from the ship while maneuvering. There needs to be a way to augment the two. Maneuver, though still commit energy to the guns while in motion – especially while inverted. Right now there’s a contest between the two – maneuver and firepower. Sometimes…” I say, catching myself – but to hell with it if he wants to know – “I fire earlier than I like for fear of losing a few seconds of power as we move around targets. The artificial gravity generator can’t keep up in the first place, not much less recovering while returning from inversion.”
From there the Admiral wrinkles his brow a bit, taking out his cigar, and leans forward.
“And sacrifice maneuverability in the middle of an engagement?” the Captain asks. Admiral Halveston doesn’t move – Shit.
“And who’s going to cut off this power to the Captain? You, Leftenant?” the Admiral challenges.
I gather myself, try not to back down. “Sir,” I say, a light swallow. “Just an observation, Sir. With my limited experience, I’m sure that I’m out of place by not fully understanding the finer points of interstellar maneuverability. Sir.”
“I should say not,” the Captain huffs. The Admiral turns his head to the Captain – back to me. Eyebrows raised, then lowered, the Admiral taps the couch with his hands.
“Well,” he says while rising. We all stand as he does. “Thank you, Gentlemen. I’ll speak to the Captain now.” The Admiral doesn’t look at me, nor does the Captain. The Commander and I leave the room and close the door behind us. I pretend to admire some of the décor in the hall, avoiding the awkward pressure from the Commander. Tapping on my hat, I meander around the hall – feeling the Commander looking at me.
Some time goes by. The discussion between the two men is pronounced as mumbles through the heavy doors. A raised voice here and there, but nothing too alarming. Finally – a click from the door handle before the Captain emerges.
“Leftenant,” he says casually, gesturing for me to go back in. I hesitate before walking past the Captain – avoiding eye contact, of course. A composed look about my face and manners as I enter before the Captain closes the door behind me.
“What’s wrong?” the Commander asks after I disappeared. The Captain doesn’t know, makes an unsure face.
Entering the room, the Admiral pours himself a hardball. I arrive close enough, a hard knocking sound from my boot heels while at the position of attention. He gestures for me to take a seat.
“Two enemy ships – one on each side – approaching quickly, both moving faster than your ship. What do you do, Leftenant?” the Admiral asks.
‘God,’ I think, ‘like a promotion board interrogation – prepare for the shouting…’
“Sir, the…” I let out in a quick stammer. He turns to me unimpressed. “I fire the side on the enemy ship that’s further behind first. It would give me more time to land a larger quantity of rounds.”
Halveston walks over to a painting of ships at sea before motioning for me. Obliging, I walk to him and take a look for myself.
“One-hundred-twelve guns,” he says, messing with the cold glass in his hands, “twice as many crew than the Argo.”
I don’t say anything at first, assuming there is more. “A fine ship,” I say inquisitively, “Sir…”
“It’s my ship,” he continues, “and I want you to be her Commander. Promotion would be effective immediately with two years additional time served just for accepting. Mine is retiring soon, not wanting to pursue a Captaincy, as it was. If you do, however, Captaincy is assured within three years. Four, tops – if you prove too good at it.”
We talk a bit more. The cat was out of the bag, so I asked the hard questions. The long end of it was that the Captain, my Captain, didn’t get selected until after eight years of service as a Commander. Even still – as it turns out, he barely got selected. The Admiral assured me I had time to think about it, though he needed an answer by tomorrow night. A hand shake, smiles between us, and I left the room.
Upon exiting, I hear the Commander and Captain talking in low voices.
“Probably gave him a week before he gets the boot,” the Captain says, the Commander and he chuckling low before seeing me. They turn to me, though I give an expressionless and awkward look to the Captain. The Captain and Commander exchange a glance between them, then back to me. We say Gentlemanly things as we make our way out for the night.
“No,” I respond to their question as we traverse the lawn, “nothing to be concerned about, Sir. Just wanted to question me a little. That’s all, Sir.”
That night I looked at myself in the mirror with my uniform on, hat under my arm. Three years a Commander…
***
“Welcome aboard, Commander,” a midshipman announces with a salute. A quick salute in return. The ship tosses line, calls and commands begin filling the air. The bright planet disappears from below us as we enter space – sails flapping, engines rearing, lines hoisting.
“Your course, Commander?” the navigator asks, unrolling the charts to show the way. Some scratches on the chin, some markings on the document.
“Leftenant!”
“Aye, Sir!” I respond with a quick step and a salute. The Commander asks me some questions, wants my opinion. He always takes it into consideration. We adjust course a little, take in some sail. The Captain thanks me for my work in getting us underway and I reply in kind. A quick detour to the stores before emerging with two beers. Walking over to Ensign Maury on the quarterdeck, I acknowledge his salute with a shallow nod. He reaches out as I toss one of the full beers over the side, a long drink of the other.
Leaning over the side he watches, its contents and glass falling into the abyss – “Bollocks.”
22. The Instrument
Coordinated Attack – Scavenger Rally Point; Near Galaxy 7yUL
The Ministry had been keeping close watch on recent Scavenger transmissions recently intercepted and decoded over these past weeks. It wasn’t unusual that Scavengers were sending communications – it was that they were so cryptic in their messaging. Strange to think, but that was precisely the reasoning. Cryptic messages would be expected in small numbers, but the multitude of them didn’t just hide information – they hid an event. To what extent we weren’t sure, but we knew it was big.
Taking the initiative, the Ministry assembled a fleet – some twenty-plus strong – to rapidly deploy and intercept the most commonly deciphered location amongst all the Scavenger transmissions. The theory being that we would intercept any progress they had already made in an attempt to disrupt. We were anxious, though nervous, at the prospect of what size enemy fleet we would find. Our Nelsonian sailing ship was positioned on the right flank as far side security – an early warning for any signs of ambush or otherwise.
Setting sail across the galaxy, we kept pace with the other ships. Guns charged and stowed, myself on the gun deck, the Commander at the helm, the Captain relayed positioning data and status reports as we trudged along at a high rate of speed. The engines humming, the men unusually quiet, we pretended we were not on edge.
After a couple hours, Ensign Maury pokes his head down the stairs to the guns, motioning for me to accompany him. Topside, I join him at the railing. It really was an impressive sight – dozens of ships spread out in wedge formations across the dark sky. We blazed through the stars on a journey that for some may be their last. Maury hands me a tall beer. “For the edge, ‘ol boy.”
He knowing I wouldn’t, I didn’t diminish his honor by rejecting his offer. There we stood, looking out at some ships like ours, more modern ships in the center, Admiral Halveston’s ship front and center, a very large support ship some ways behind in the distance.
“We’ve never done anything like this,” I say while taking a long drink. I motion to the Admiral’s ship. “Do you think he knows what we are getting into?” Maury doesn’t have to see where I direct my thoughts to know who I’m talking about.
Maury just kind of keeps staring off to where his attention has him. “Yes,” he says in a composed manner. The inflection in his voice made it seem there would be more to say, a deeper analysis within – but nothing of that sort is voiced. We finished our beers and, in typical fashion, tapped our empty glasses together before tossing them over the edge.
“Bastards,” we say in unison.
We were approaching our target, so hats on straight, a handshake between Gentlemen, and down to the gun deck I go, the men starting to run out the guns. An alarm rings throughout the ship, lights flashing to a signal we know all too well – Prepare for Attack.
“Here we go, Gentlemen!” the Captain shouts over the radio.
A thunderous crash ripples out as the lead element of our attack formation opens fire in the distance. It was a textbook rushing tactic – the enemy being caught completely off guard. Some of the Scavenger ships were linked together, some floating lazily or too close to one another. They had no clue we were coming. Some of their ships were in fighting condition and spirits, though – so they made sure we were well aware. They outnumbered us nearly two to one, but the element of a swift attack negated those odds.
Soon we were maneuvering hard. Our flank formation was ordered into the fight to create as much damage as possible in the first pass while maintaining the initiative.
“FIRE!!” I shout – port side guns recoiling as the rounds came out hot, a blue and green cosmic swirl out and away from the ship as well as filling the gun deck. Our ship maintains its position as we turn hard to port, the ship and engines straining in a high pitched whine as we careen through space while the men shout and hold on. We steady ourselves as we hold on tight. Soon the enemy emerges to our starboard. “FIRE MEN! FIRE!”
Again the rounds leave our ship hot and on target amongst fervid shouts of the men. We make a real mess of things, like kicking over a house of cards. It seemed the enemy was everywhere at once, though most of it being pieces of them. The enemy had suddenly become aware that they were being dismantled systematically, the larger mass of them beginning to maneuver and make some semblance of organized resistance.
The Captain did the best he could to maintain formation integrity, but the havoc being created amongst us was too great. Hardly any of our ships were damaged, if hit at all really, so we capitalized on the momentum. The men reloaded with fervor, sweating and straining, enabling us to keep firing simultaneous broad sides one after the other. The mix of shouts, guns, recoil, engines, and exhaustion was deafening. The Gunners Mate has to shout at the top of his lungs next to me just to relay simple information.
Amongst the twisting and turning, the firing and heaving, the heat and darkness, it careened along the void of space before coming closer to our ship. Like a spill of black ink – like oil slinking along the tops of waves – it came. Not that hardly anyone took notice when it came aboard, we were in the midst of the fight, too focused to know the difference. As the blackness slinked across the deck, a figure arose, the tentacles of ink still slipping across and down into the decks.
The men continued to fight, adrenaline flowing through their blood, the fury of war flooding their senses. The firing becomes less synchronized, but the boys were landing targets. I couldn’t help but be caught up in the drama of it all. Pieces of the enemy in the distance, pinging off our ship, splitting the enemy in two, watching them sink into the abyss.
“FIRE, Damnit, FIRE!!” I shout with a now strained voice, the men working up a storm of sweat and hate.
The dark creature slowly makes its way to the front of the ship. Its arms extend down to the deck and take hold, tentacles of the darkness spreading like vines as they leaked over the sides, up the masts, over the guns, and under the men’s feet. Still we fire – men shouting until their voices strain, the Captain tossing and turning the ship amongst the thickest of the enemy, the helmsman pushing the engines to full capacity. The enemy begin to become too much around our ship – we start taking heavy hits as the enemy begins to punch holes in us. Two guns blown across the deck, the hole in our side sucking the gun crews out into space. It doesn’t slow us down a bit. Parts and pieces of the top masts begin to be shot away with sails aimlessly flapping in the wind.
The dark creature now has a tight hold on our ship. Lurching forward, arms and legs securely lodged into the deck, throughout the ship, it forces us along – a terrifying and ear piercing scream as it uses us as a tool. As the instrument of destruction.
With total disregard, we order the men to reload, but it’s not of any use. They were firing and reloading at will, even if there was nothing to fire upon at all. In a rage, I scream at the top of my lungs, an incoherent sound as I draw my pistol and move to a hole in the side of our ship. We continued to turn and roll through space, some of the men losing balance and being sucked out. Some of the loose guns roll about the deck and crush the crew next to them. Without warning, some of the men draw sword and pistol, jumping out from the holes and over the top of the deck toward enemy ships below us. Front mast now gone, we continue to careen through space. The dark creature pulls harder, tearing pieces of the deck and masts forward as the ship now turns through space with no helmsman, no Captain. Its black tentacles now in full control.
Finally having enough, finally giving into our desires of not being satisfied, we leap over the side – falling through space toward an enemy ship below that fires at us as we do so. The dark creature screeches its shrieking cry, the now empty Argo making a hard turn, engines reeling, masts now gone as it dives straight for a Scavenger ship.
A devastating crash and explosion resonates from the collision. Indistinguishable pieces of two ships fill the air as the battle continues around us…
…falling now – pistols drawn – falling faster and faster to the enemy ship below….
23. Traitors and Spies
International Relations; Nation of Sultora – Rewlet Galaxy
“The Captain’s looking for you, Sir,” a midshipman reports. I had been in the bowels of the ship inspecting the power lines running to the guns for these past hours. Crawling out, I put on my coat and hat, buttoning up as I follow the midshipman topside. We had only been on patrol for two days now, just a routine trade route rear-guard security mission. It was a pretty secure route and some of the ships themselves were military in nature, so their mere presence was enough to deter any random Scavenger patrol.
“Sir,” I offer at the position of attention, a salute to the Captain before he returns in kind. Having done his duty, the midshipman does a quick salute and goes about his business.
“Mr. Wade,” the Captain says dryly, no mention in his voice of any apparent trouble. “This will be your task for the coming weeks.” He hands me a folded message he just received.
‘Weeks,’ I think. ‘What could take that long?’
“It appears you will be on escort duties, Leftenant. Literally,” the Captain continues. “We have been tasked to accompany a Duchess of a friendly world. You will board their ship and tag along, ultimately accompanying her when they land on her family’s planet of Nusra. Once there – you will serve as a representative of Thera as well as a show of unity towards us and our support the Duchess’ monarchial families right to rule over her subjects.”
“Aye, Sir,” I respond, reading through the simple message. A picture of her was enclosed – a white dress with dark hair and ruby tipped crown. It was an honor to do such a thing. Besides, hanging around a beautiful princess for a couple weeks wouldn’t be a terrible change of pace from the current circumstances I found myself.
Maury’s mouth actually showed signs of shock when I told him where I was going. I had the letter in one hand as we walked the deck, sharing a couple final beers before I departed. “The privileges of rank,” Maury begins, half complaining and part jabbing. “I hope you’re content, Mister Wade. If anything should happen and goes awry on the gun deck,” he continues, folding an arm under him, “it will still be your fault, you know.”
“You wreak of jealousy, Ensign.” I inject, a light smile on my face as I drink along with him.
“Bite me, Sir.” We cheer our near empty glasses together, talking nothing of importance for the next hour. Grabbing my bags and over the side, I hop onto a transport craft. Watching as I drift further away, I watch as the Argo makes sail for her next destination.
A couple weeks didn’t seem so bad.
***
It was a very large ship. As we approached I couldn’t help but admire. Though I’ve seen such ships before, I’ve seldom been on them for any length of time. Small ships were entering and leaving her, the single bays being large enough for transport ships like this one. Making our way aboard, I grab my bag, hat on straight, taking an extra minute to straighten the buttons on my coat. My host on the ship gives a slightly irritated look. He wanted to know if I was quite finished, though he didn’t ask. They were more modern than us – quite modern, actually. Their uniforms are a fitted black affair. Their crew wore different color shoulder boards indicating their rank and jobs. Except for doctors and nurses aboard, it was difficult for me to discern.
“Leftenant Wade,” my host announces, “Her Highness, The Duchess of Cambra, Commander Melody Tulsambra.”
She was stunning – and in uniform – as she stood before me. Pinned up dark hair of rich brunette, dark eyes to match, her fitted uniform a credit to her figure. We shake hands, a ‘Ma’am’ here and there from me before the others leave us be.
“Mel,” she offers after we exchange the regular pleasantries.
“Yes, Ma’am.” I reply, realizing I’m still wearing my hat in front of her. Quickly snatching it off my head, fixing any loose strands of hair, I watch a smirk appear on her face. The colorful ribbons on her uniform indicated that her rank was more than an honorary position.
We walked together through the ship. It was quite a walk from the bay to the bridge, so we had time to get past the rigid formalities in our speech. Eventually she called me Clay, so I started calling her Mel. The ship was a busy place, but after all they were heading back to their planet, so they would have to prepare for re-entry. Some of those we passed recognized her, others did not, though I think it out of formality rather than disrespect. She would be difficult not to recognize, a beauty amongst a sea of the rest of us. Eventually we make it to the bridge where Mel introduced me to some of the command and other Staff Officers.
“Is this what you’re used to on your ships?” she asks after the Signal Officer describes how they operate.
“Almost,” I reply, an impressed look on my face and sound in my voice, “though not nearly as sophisticated. We only operate on three communications bands at once. Not for lack of capability, but it’s really about what our Nelsonian ships are used for. We just don’t track that many channels.”
She has a friendly smirk on her face, albeit a not-really-impressed look. “Maybe you’d rather see the weaponry?”
I smile, a light laugh. “Now seeing that…” I say while looking to her, “…I couldn’t be happier.” She lets out a smile and we are off to the different gun stations. They were impressive – their mechanisms complex, their gunners highly intelligent and professional – not like the muscle grunts on our craft, I complain and brag simultaneously.
We tour more of the impressive vessel, Mel showing me some intricacies as we compare the differences. She finally admits I am in harm’s way more often and in more severe situations than she, so we call it a draw. For an international relations trip this was all going very well, knowing this sort of thing wasn’t really my business. She was as charming and charismatic as she was beautiful. It was hard not to be captivated by her.
“Should we turn in for the evening? Maybe a drink before we do?” Mel asks, a curious curl in her brow.
“Of course,” I reply, a friendly sound in my voice, a glad expression from knowing she didn’t want to be rid of me just yet.
***
We had changed out of our uniforms before we headed to the lounge. A small bar located in the dimly lit room, the other occupants begin to fill the place as time went on. Melody entered the lounge, seemingly to make the dimly lit bar just a little brighter. Her chestnut hair down over her shoulders, a fitted light dress to her knees – it was difficult not to stare. She smiled when our eyes met – a good sign, at least. For a couple hours we drank more than we probably should have, but no one seemed to really notice or care. I grow bold as the drink settles in. I make a little remark about spending a few more hours alone, possibly away from here. She laughs a little, tapping a finger on her cheek.
“You’re sweet,” she says. ‘Sweet,’ the death kneel in the rejection of all men boldest to try. I play it off well enough, she ignoring my embarrassment, so we agree to turn in for the night – though she did hold onto my wrist for a while as we did so.
***
We were in the process of re-entry to Melody’s planet. Having cleaned up and prepared my uniform, I did my best to be presentable. I would be escorting her from the craft with the rest of her maidens and staff behind us as we did so. I was told it would be a real spectacle.
I stood in a reception area for over an hour before Melody and her entourage arrived. Wearing a deep yellow formal gown, her hair up neatly with curls, her obviously royal jewelry about her person – she was stunning.
‘This will be an easy couple weeks,’ I tell myself. We exchange pleasantries, myself a light bow to her as her servants did. We’ve finally landed and prepared to disembark the large craft.
“Over this next week I will announce your nations support to our cause,” she says calmly, adjusting her elbow-high gloves while a servant arrives with a red box behind her.
I give a light glance to her. “Ma’am?”
“I will send a dispatch stating we have reached an agreement for mutual support. I will need ships to support us as we expand into the Olimia quadrant,” she says in a light and sophisticated voice. I continue to look at her with a curious and sideways glance. She looks at me as though I’m surprised due to some inexplicable misunderstanding.
“I’m afraid we can’t do that, Ma’am. We’ve reached no such agreement.”
The servant behind her opens the box while another reaches in. A crown is taken out and lightly placed on top of her head.
“Oh please,” she says dismissively, balancing the crown with one hand, “we exchanged all kinds of information these past couple of days. Don’t you know all about how our ship works? And don’t I know all about yours? Now,” she continues, finally ready to walk out of the bay, “when one country knows sensitive information about another country and exchanges such in return…what is that called?”
I listen to her words, feeling my heart begin to race.
Treason.
“And don’t look so worried, Clay,” she says lightheartedly. “I’m not concerned about you going back home and revealing our capabilities. That would label you something that you know you don’t want to be. A spy. Therefore, there are two types of people you now do not want to become – traitors and spies,” she condescends, no one around her chiming in, not even making eye contact with me.
Melody’s eyes widen a bit while gesturing forward. “The door, Mr. Wade,” she demands.
Against my will I open the door, allowing she and her entourage to walk past. Hat placed on my head, I catch up to her, allowing her to take my arm as we make it past the rows of Soldiers and reception parties awaiting her arrival.
24. This Didn’t Happen
Liberty; Earth – The Aegean Coast
This time it would be picked at random. The precarious thing about taking shore leave, something supposed to be relaxing and carefree, often turns out to be highly scheduled and crammed full of preplanned activity. Sometimes it seemed the same as being in the service – the only difference being not wearing the uniform. But this time would be different. Swiping through destinations on the device, putting my finger down while it spun through the locations, that is where I would go. Holding my finger down, I slowly open one eye, then both. Hey – not bad.
***
It was early summer on the Greek coast. The narrow streets of the towns, the hillside homes and villages, the blue waters against the rocks below – it was the perfect accident. Not being one to sunburn on a wet rock, I opted for stretching my legs along the winding roads, eating wherever I wound up, all while staying in a centralized area. I had six days, so I would make the best of it.
Sitting at a street side cafe, I took my time to not hurry. The passersby of people in their unfamiliar language, the sun beginning to set from the oppressive Mediterranean heat, and the hot breeze turning cooler were all welcome. 
She walked passed a shop just down the street, that signature thick hair, a slender frame, and tan skin.
‘That’s not her,’ I told myself, paying the check and gathering my things. I make a quick walk toward the shop she had entered, anxious though knowing I felt as if I was going crazy.
Making my way in, I try to act normal as I look around. That light brunette color, there she was. Walking toward her slowly, I tried not to seem anxious. “Rebecca?”
She turned as if surprised to hear her own name, but the look on her face was priceless. A light gasp and a hand towards her mouth before she speaks.
“Clay!” she lets out. “Oh my God! Hey!” Her face was an expression of genuine surprise, that good surprise when you don’t see someone for a long time. She reaches an arm and does a sort of distance hug, pat on the back kind of gesture. Definitely not an expression of deep affection. We talk in disbelief as to how we ran into each other. She was taking a detour, having just finished some business in Israel. Becky was beautiful, of course, just the same as when we last saw each other nearly thirteen years ago. She was as thin as she was then, her Italian descent skin still a hint of light year-round tan, those deep brown eyes. Yeah – still gorgeous.
The last time we parted we were at the crux of our lives – myself leaving for a job way before entering the service, she going to school for the first degree she dropped out of early. She finished school, I got a raise, and we never saw each other again after that. There was a short time when we spent more intimate nights together than we ever intended. We had let things go a little too far, but our decisions back then were allowed to be reckless. Not as rule bound as we are at this point in our lives.
“It’s still early. Do you have anywhere you need to be?” I ask.
She gives a surprised look from my question, though looking as if she really wished I hadn’t. “Yeah, umm,” she lets out, still a smile on her face, “I have time.”
We walk a ways and talk about the town, our jobs, our past, and some of our present. We keep talking, but we’re not saying much. The air between us was thick and oppressive. We don’t talk about that time of our personal past, though I got a sense she was avoiding it. We finally make our way to the hotel I was staying in and we make for the lounge to order drinks. I order a tall one, she a short. She kept the conversation light, the subjects distant, and the feelings nonexistent. Still, she was beautiful and really was glad to see me.
“What if we link up tomorrow before you have to leave?” I finally ask. She gets quiet, looks down while messing with something in her purse.
“Clay,” she says in a long breath, “things are…different now.” Her wedding ring said enough. How could I ignore it? It had been burning its own image into my eyes and mind all evening.
“I know,” I reply, though I didn’t want it to be true. Deep down inside I was hoping it was her grandmother’s ring or something along those lines. I would continue this nasty habit of lying to myself even if it drove me crazy with jealousy and resentment. We dismiss the awkwardness and move on. She couldn’t blame me, after all, nor would she feel vilified if I didn’t even try.
“What about walking me back?” she asks. I was more than happy to spend additional time with her, so we took a long walk to the apartment she was in for her short stay. It really was a long walk, though it felt like it took only minutes. Every step closer I took was unwelcome. We stand outside of her place for a bit. She looks up to the open window a few times, so taking the hint, I wish her a good night and tell her to stay in touch. A friendly hug, friendly smiles, and the beginning of the long road home.
“…Clay?” she asks, gesturing to the apartment. “You should come get a bottle of water, or, something, before you go.” I did my best, but I would be lying if I said I wasn’t the least bit hopeful. So why at the same time did I feel terrible? Again – the nasty business of lying to myself.
While inside, I do just as she wanted, grabbing some water and refilling it before I set out to leave. She says nice things in a nervous tone. She keeps pacing back and forth a bit between spots, so I don’t give her any additional reason to be nervous. Staying in the kitchen – and away from her – is the best way to do the right thing, the respectable thing, the Gentleman thing.
“Clay, I…” she begins, messing with her hands, “I’m glad to have seen you. I…” She seems distracted while a little at odds with herself. “I can’t, ya know?” she says, deep breaths, still pacing.
“Becky,” I say calmly. “You can’t. And you’re right.”
“I’ve got this, umm…” she begins, her left hand swinging above her head, “and then there’s…” she continues, making a waist height gesture with the other. Her hands now in her hair, she was exhausted – the wrestling with herself was too much to watch. This isn’t what I wanted when I saw her today.
I move toward the door, not insinuating anything, though I can hear her take a couple steps.
“Clay,” she says. I turn to look at her like a friend would, no pathetic looks of empathy. “This never happened,” she tells herself in a hesitant voice before taking quick steps toward me. A light jump into my arms, she wraps hers around my neck, pulling me to her in a deep kiss. There was no denying it now. Neither of us wanted to let go, so we held one another as if this was the last time we would ever do so again – which was true. Making quick work of shirts with more effort than their design intended, working our way awkwardly to her room, there was nothing else to say.
This usually isn’t the way you see things happening during a reunion like this. But there we were, like teenagers those years ago. As these things go – this one doesn’t count. There has to be a redo of sorts after a severely uncoordinated event like this. This wasn’t passion, but necessity. In the darkness of her room we let our greed take over, our hot and pent up emotions assuming control. As far as memories go – this wouldn’t be the one. This one doesn’t count.
Lying there in the small hours of the night, I could feel her skin next to me. The thin sheet being the only thing needed in the hot summer night, her arm and cheek on my back as I slept. She would run her fingers through my hair as it was tussled about. I was asleep – half asleep – she was sure I was, but in a small moment of the night I thought I heard her say that she had always loved me.
***
Lying there, she was still beautiful. Having made coffee for our late morning, I let her sleep a bit, navigating my way around her disastrously organized kitchen. Returning with two filled cups, I see her there – now awake – her body thinly veiled by the sheet. The sun peered through the drapes, shining orange-yellow across her and the room. Her hair a mess, she extends her arms towards me as she gives an easy smile, hands gesturing by opening and closing. I make my way to her before a light kiss on her lips. I let her warmth permeate me. A hand on her face, the other pulling away the sheet, still in need to see her body as the night before. It was a natural feeling as she wraps a leg around me, tosses my shirt aside, and slides herself lower. Her arms around my chest, gentle hands roaming along my back, the feel of her pulling me closer as I took my time traveling between her cheek and neck.
The summer heat was coming on – warming the room more than it already was, warming the air between us more than it normally would. The sound of her voice without words will haunt me forever, her motions below me a feeling that can never be replicated, the taste of her lips and neck that turns a sense into a memory will lead to addiction. The morning drags on, the two of us oblivious to the world – taking full advantage of each other, taking advantage of our past.
This is the memory that would persist. That morning will remain in my mind for the rest of my life. This is the one that matters – the one that counts.
***
It should have been her that walked by that day, but it wasn’t. The beautiful brunette in the shop should have recognized me, but she didn’t. She would have been surprised to see me when I said her name, but she never was. The walk to her place would have been long and wanting, but it wasn’t. 
Knowing her, she would have kicked me out based on principle than from the lack of want, but she never had the opportunity. Seeing her during that time would have made the trip, but it never did. Sitting at the cafe for the sixth day in a row, enjoying my final hours away, I take in the sight.
Time away was amazing as it should have been. Other things should have occurred, they could have, but as you already know…this never happened.
25. A Clash of Steel
Operation Culvera; Allied Response – Day 3 of Hostilities; Thalhera Galaxy
For the past three days, intergalactic forces have been fighting to stave off an effort led by an enemy known as Vulgara – a coalition of forces hell bent on breaking up the large galactic alliances that have stabilized space travel for over four hundred years. If they succeed, then space travel becomes threatened by what can only equate to space piracy, leading larger nations to segment into smaller ones. This ultimately leads to more war. Strangely enough, history tells us that warfare doesn’t just destroy existing nations, but also creates new ones.
The Ministry positioned our ship, the Argo, as part of the reserve force. We never expected to be called up, the Ministry being so strong, but after three days our forces had just about enough. More than that, now that the Argo and myself were part of the formal Maldara Alliance, her trade route interests were at risk, as well. This mission then served two purposes – all the more reason to go all in on this hand.
We have been on planet Ja’Mesha over the last day getting our ship ready before joining a formation for Operation Culvera to relieve current fighting forces, holding onto our gains until our broader force can reconstitute, redeploy, and regain the initiative. We were just about ready to make way.
“Commander!” the Signaleer calls out, handing him a folded message. Opening the parchment, the Commander quickly makes for the Captain. Whatever it was, it was important for all of us. He hands the Captain the message with a quick ‘Sir,’ waiting for his orders. The Captain looks around – to the men making preparations, back towards the dock. We don’t feel good about it, but we’re not sure how bad it could really be. If they took us out of the fight then we would be beyond furious, so out with it already. Ensign Maury, a few other Officers, and midshipmen pretended we weren’t staring while going about our duties to appear clueless.
“The Staff in my quarters, Gentlemen,” the Captain says. Vilification – but now we would see what the Ministry had in store for us this time.
An anxious Ensign pipes up as we gather. “Are we not going, Sir?”
 “Gentlemen, we will not be leaving with the rest of the fleet. In fact, we are to be receiving a few guests. That being said…” he continues, looking at a few of us, “we will be going out alone, separate from the fleet. We will receive them shortly where I will inform the rest of the crew on our current situation.” We salute, an ‘Aye Sir’ from us before we turn out. Still – there was no time to drag feet, no time to question, we were still heading out at the same time as the rest of the fleet. Best get to it.
We observe the Captain on deck receiving six men – all of them broad and tall while dressed in loose, white clothing. All of them have long hair and short beards. What in the world? They are followed by chests, war chests at that, being brought onboard by others. The chests are quickly taken below to their quarters. Ensign Maury and I look to each other – a little confused, a little worried – but the Captain knew what he was doing, we were sure.
***
Some time ago, we watched as the rest of the fleet set out, we veering off on our own, though in the same general direction. Hours went by as we set into our routines. The guns were securely in place, fully charged, just as they were the last five checks I did. We all stop a minute as a heavy banging clamors on the deck above – a rattling racket that sounded as if something were coming loose. Shortly thereafter Maury pops down, quickly making his way to me. A hand on my shoulder, his words are low in my ear. “You better come see this,” is all he says. A direct look.
Naturally, calmly, we made it to the main deck. Maury leading, perhaps it was best, me not knowing what to expect. I finally see them there, standing in a small group with the Captain. Others have a similar expression as mine. Maury looks at me as I try to understand. “What in the world?” I say in a low voice, mostly to myself. If my mouth was open then I don’t remember.
The six men were talking to the Captain, all dressed in medieval body armor and chain mail. Shields either carried, on their backs, or held. Swords – like real, steel swords – sheathed on their hips. On their chest and back was a white cloth covering. Their shields are white on one side, red on the other. As they talk, the Captain’s eyes make it my way. No point in trying to play coy or look busy, the Captain knew I was curious – he would have to explain.
As we continued on our path through pace, the battle continued a ways off in the distance. We now took notice. We were making a wide loop around, though we were going to the same destination as the fight. The Captain assembles the Officers in his quarters. He had this look – the look of a man trying to explain something complicated as best he could to someone who just wouldn’t understand – but he did his best.
“Gentlemen,” he begins, hands on the table, a chart in front of him. “We are to do a turn-and-burn here.” He points on the map with all of us looking on, the outskirts of the fight though near a large enemy ship. Was it their command ship? Was it supply? Who knows these things but the Captain…and six armored men.
Turn-and-burn: Show up, drop off, and back the way we came. He explained a bit, but none of it really made sense. The Captain, now tired and uneasy, rubs a hand down his face and between his eyes. “Ok,” he says, “here we go. Leftenant…”
“Sir.”
“Run out the guns, but you will not fire.”
Not fire? Is this a suicide mission? Maury and I look to each other. The Captain notices the exchange, but doesn’t have time for that now. A nod. ‘Gentlemen.’ Hats on. To our posts. I run out the guns, the men shouting and heaving as they knew to do.
“All at the ready, Sir,” the Gun Master says. I acknowledge, though with a bit of void expression. As we approach the battlefield, I slowly make my way to the stairs. Half way up now, my head peers out at deck level. I can see the six armor-clad warriors there. Putting on their helmets, shields on their backs, swords drawn. They step to one side of the ship, watching as we veer closer to the enemy. A voice over the radio echoes throughout the ship, no doubt to warn us that we were danger-close to the fight. We could hear the rumbling of guns, the radio of our allies going off in an incoherent manner while they were amidst the fight. Bright flashes of light, explosions, gunfire in the distance. 
Closer now, we approach. The six warriors take a stance. Looking out, I can’t see the large ship, or any ship for that manner. I watch, eyes wide and locked as if watching a tragic accident. Our ship picks up speed, causing me to brace myself on the stairway.
With a single motion, the six armored warriors crouch and leap over the side in a clash of steel and mesh. Gone! In a panic, I climb the stairs and rush to the side. The alarm sounds and our ship turns violently to try and turn around as fast as possible. I hang on with both hands, with some men not able to do the same as they and other things tumble along the deck. Engines were hot, full speed, burning us back to where we came. Finally turned around, able to pull myself upright, I look over the edge toward where the men had jumped. A crewmen points them out, shouting their location. Looking closely, there they were, the six of them still falling through the void of space – swords outright, bodies straight, aiming at the large ship below previously indicated on the Captains charts.
A blinding flash of white light – the six warriors disappear into the bright streak emitting in all directions. The streak of light runs directly through the enemy ship, a massive explosion as the light remains. Pieces of the enemy fly, red-orange-blue flames in space, the blinding light persisting. We have to look away though not by choice. The streak of light bends, leading out and away from where the enemy was destroyed. Pieces continue to burn and fall, twist and splay through space as we regain ourselves.
“Clayton…look,” Maury says while gripping my shoulder. The blinding white light continues through a cosmic cloud in space. The clouds and the stars around it seem to shift to its will. We watch it shift and finally stop, a slight disbelief, in fact.
Suddenly the fighting reduces to a dull roar before ceasing altogether. No one was firing. Not the enemy, not the coalition. Some words come over the radio as the fleet stills. We continue on our course, back to port whence we came.
26. The Weight of Mass
Distress Signal Response – Open Space; Near Shawyula Galaxy
It took the Signal Officer to notice it, but the nearly inaudible pinging sound coming from the emitter screen and radio could barely be heard over the business of the Argo. A second glance before his heart jumps. Quickly he rises, making it to the door as he shouts across the ship to anyone nearby.
“Distress beacon, Sir!!”
The Commander arrived in the signal room first. Ensign Maury was on watch, but knowing the Commander was on it, the Captain soon to follow, all he could do was keep an orderly ship as we traveled along. A shout like that from the Signaleer sent a cold feeling throughout the ship. The men, I felt, took that sort of news the worst. Wherever the distressed ship may had been, was it the crew’s fault? Their Captain’s? The enemy? No one knows, but the likelihood that we were the closest ones to the signal was high. Whatever happened, the men knew that we would be the first ones on scene – possibly the only ones.
“Still some ways away,” the Captain is overheard as I approach the radio room. The Signaleer goes on, handing the Captain printed coordinates, charts, graphics, and hand sketched notes with diagrams.
“Sir,” the Signaleer says as the Captain quickly turns out. I give a quick salute, but when he doesn’t return it I don’t get upset. I watch him go, the Commander quickly on him. “Leftenant,” the Signaleer offers as I watch them retreat to the cabin. I tag along to get a more thorough report and do some detailed analysis for the Captain.
With the Captain on the radio to contact the Ministry, the Commander frantically piecing charts together, I make my way to the quarterdeck with chart and papers in hand. There’s Maury – good man – keeping a sharp eye on things while not letting the drama of it all distract him. He’s anxious, nervous, but he lets me tell him the latest before he asks. I explain, discussing with him while remaining calm, poised, and level headed, the Gentlemen we were supposed to be, what we were expected to represent.
“Any contact yet?” Maury asks, looking out over the rails and to the distant stars around us. Just then, the Signaleer pokes his head out of the radio room with a solemn look to me. A shake of his head before he slinks back in. I watch a distant star, taking a deep breath.
“No,” I say calmly. We knew what that meant – either they were still fighting or worse. Either way we set full sail. Sacrificing maneuverability for speed, something I highly frowned upon, we made our way to the origin of the signal. It could have been a trap, but it was highly unlikely.
***
I have been on watch for a few hours now. The skeleton crew of the night shift were giving attention to the sails, giving a taught pull on the lines every once and awhile to make sure we were getting the most out of the solar light. It was quiet. Really quiet. The engines hummed along, ushering us closer to the signal growing stronger by the minute. Earlier we received some radio static coming from its original destination. The Signaleer had sworn he heard voices. We were optimistic on that report, so we entertained hope. Sturdy and heavy footsteps tranche up the stairs to the quarterdeck. Maury – I knew those Neanderthal clunks of steps anywhere. He emerges, two tall glasses of beer in hand, a smirk on his face. He hands me a glass though we don’t cheer. If the Captain finds me drinking on shift then it’s the brig.
“Just because you bring me a drink doesn’t mean I’m going to let you sleep in on your shift, you bastard.” I tell him. We both smile, taking a drink and listening to the stillness of the dark. The Signaleer can be heard manipulating the radio – searching for a signal – with only static coming across the waves. A galaxy passes by, green celestial clouds off in the distance. A creak of the ship, flap of a sail, a line hauled in. I lived for these small moments. “So,” I finally huff, breaking the few minutes of silence, “how do you think this will go?”
Maury remains calm, holding a nearly empty beer – a practicing alcoholic – “Bad,” he states, simple as that. I don’t ask him to expound at all, just let him be tired, nervous, and half drunk. We talk a bit more, though nothing of note surfaces. He looks around, ensuring no one is watching before giving me the finger and walking his way back down.
“Get some sleep,” I say, casting my voice over the rail. Suddenly realizing what he did, I go to the rail, catching him before he goes inside. “And that’s a Court-Martial offense, Ensign!” He apologizes, head down, stepping backwards to the door – before giving me the finger.
***
“RELOAD!” I shout to the gun crews as they frantically run out the starboard guns. We were right. We were all right. It wasn’t a trap, but rather an ambush. We had the advantage, though, having gained an extra ship in route. Along the journey, The Celestia had caught up to us – previously dispatched by the Ministry to assist. She was more modern than us, much more so, able to take the punches while we maneuvered around her, using her as a shield while we fired rapidly through the void toward our enemy.
The distress signal ship was nowhere in sight, so we assumed she was all but gone. We had taken a few small hits from the single enemy ship, but we had her on the run. Speed was now our deadliest weapon. The men’s tenacity and thirst for victory acts as the blood surging through our ship. With every hit, with every fiery piece of the enemy trailing off into the darkness – a resounding “HAZZAH!!” from the men would follow.
We would win this, it was just a matter of time. It was difficult to control their passion for destroying the enemy. The more experienced gun crews could load and fire faster, though synchronized blasts were more effective. They itched, lanyards in hand as they waited for the others to finish loading and hauling the gun into the port – chastising them and hurling slurs their way. Pieces of the enemy pinged off our hull and tore through our sails as we pursued her. The Captain insisted we stay on her. This was beyond a sophisticated and calculated reprisal. It was a determination and rawness for revenge.
A few well-placed shots that can only be explained as chance strike against our ship as the enemy runs. We feel the hit, not a terrible concussion, but something’s definitely wrong. We begin to slow, the Argo beginning to tilt.
“LIST!” a crewman shouts. We feel it now, the ship beginning to list as it begins slowly tilting to one side. It’s happening quickly, though appearing in slow motion. Some men yell from panic, others shout orders. I quickly run to the top deck and look around. The men were running about, the Captain taking over the helm and shouting orders. The forward mast begins to snap, breaking, cracking, and splintering as lines, sail, and debris begin to slowly lean towards the side.
We were doing all we could, but the ship was listing. It may even roll over. No one was sure, but the ships gravitational core is damaged somehow. To what extent – no one knew. Maury shouts to his men on deck to clear out of the way. I run forward, attempting to do something, anything. A line snaps and a sail breaks loose, a deafening pitch of crackling lumber falling quickly towards the deck. The enemy ship was nowhere in sight, nor was our accompaniment, but at this point survival is all that is on our minds. The sail hits the deck and rolls over the side haphazardly – taking with it rope, mast, debris – and Maury. Quickly the mass of wreckage spills over the side, busting over the railing, pulling the ship into an even faster roll. Men go over the edge, into the abyss, the severed mast still connected to the ship by its lines. A long stream of pieces and sail hang over the side, threatening to completely roll us over, tumbling uncontrollably into the abyss below.
Shouts ring out over the side. Looking over, Maury is barely hanging onto sail and rope – anything he can keep his hands on. He’s struggling, he’s hurt, he’s terrified. Stabilizing myself, I look over the edge with surging panic. Maury looks at me with first glance. “CLAY!!!” He screams, panting and grunting as fleeting strength challenges him to hang on. The engines die, power leaves the ship – it’s worse than we thought. If we roll over without power then the ship will be pulled down into the abyss in a flat spin turning bow over stern – there’s no recovering from that.
“CUT THE LINE!” the First Mate shouts. Crewmen take up hatches and sabers, frantically hacking away at the lines.
“NO!” I counter angrily at the men. Either they can’t hear me or they just don’t care, I’m not sure which. “Stop cutting. Stop Hacking!!!” 
I remove my pistol and begin to fire. One crewman shot dead, another with a hole in his back – blood splattering on others around them. I fire a few more times and hit a couple of men hacking away at the lines as they fall and slide across the deck. Someone tackles me, pistol forced from my hand. I shout incoherently and struggle, now being punched and beat in the head in an attempt to subdue me.
“CLAAAAAAY!!” Maury exhaustedly screams, his voice now strained, a cry of terrified desperation. I struggle, fight, kick, anything to get up. Loud chops, pops, and cracking snaps out as the final lines are cut, pieces of the mast now giving way to the weight of mass hanging over the edge. Ends of line and sail go over the side, the ship no longer threatening to be rolling over. Another line cut, and over the side it goes. The ship sits there powerless in the dark, motionless, tilting heavily to one side.
It all goes over the side. Near silence now. No engines, no energy flowing, no sails flapping. Just the deep heaving from the labors of desperate and exhausted men. A near silence – less the hoarse screaming – a cursing, shrieking cry of anger and rage as they hold me to the deck, bleeding from blows to the face, men begging me to calm down.
27. All Too Familiar
Norfolk Naval Shipyard – Portsmouth, Virginia
As the transport descended through the clouds, I could see the ocean below with its deep blue ripples across the horizon. The sky was clouded over, but the coastline was still visible. It’s been some time since I returned to Earth for anything, but it had been years since coming to this place. For some reason I thought I should return. With some turbulence, we descend to the spaceport just outside the city. Grabbing my bags and a rental, I begin the short drive into the concrete jungle.
I opted for civilian clothes during this trip – not any sort of official business. Jeans and a t-shirt, a light brown leather coat, hair down – keeping it simple.
I keep the radio off for now, just driving along the all-too-familiar streets. The grey sky had begun to fall, a thin and drizzling mess that just made things miserable. The place never really did recover from the economic downturn all those years ago – before I was even born – but the ship yards had remained for over six hundred years now. Pulling through the suburbs, I can see the old wood sided house. Not much to look at, the white paint chipped away more than it was before. Their vehicles are gone, no one answering knocks at the door, so I go to the only place I thought they might be. It was already late afternoon, so they must be working the late shift.
Parking at the far end of the extensive lot, I have to make my way for nearly a mile in the light drizzling rain. No point in running, just walk and avoid the puddles. Massive warehouses surround the landscape, giant cranes dotted about in the distance. The place was all but dead within a sea of employee’s cars – the rain keeping everyone at bay.
Finally arriving at the yard house, I skip the manager’s office and make for a crack in the huge hangar-like doors. Inside now, I can hear the banging and grinding of tools, shouts and calls of workers in the massive tunnel of a building – full of falling sparks over workers coming and going. I run a hand through my hair to get some of the water out, but it’s soaked.
They’ve been building spaceships here for hundreds of years. Some military, though mostly private and merchant. I knew my way around – it was all too familiar. I got some looks from workers as I walked along, but with wet hair down to my shoulders and a couple days of stubble, maybe they thought I was off shift. After walking and wondering around, I check my watch – thirty minutes – it’s time to ask. Finding a white collar, I go to him and shout my questions.
“Mulvaney!” I shout close in his ear.
“Austin!?” he shouts back. “Yeah! This Way!”
He leads me through the maze of a complex, still inside the massive warehouse that literally stretched for miles and nearly a quarter mile high. Some ships were half built, but mostly it was a fabrication house for smaller parts to be assembled in the great hangars later.
Mr. White Collar points him out to me without words. I thank him with a handshake and half smile. There he is, hunched over and welding away – nothing changes. I give him awhile, taking a seat and watching him work. Another twenty minutes go by before he stands to stretch, removing his helmet and taking a deep breath. He looks my way so I stand, hands in my pockets. He gives me a look and a heads up gesture before approaching. We give a light smile to each other with a hard clap of a handshake. He gestures for me to follow him and we head out – the end of his shift having finally come.
***
Not much to my surprise, he takes me to a bar that has existed since the flood. The typical place, I remember it well. It was almost eerie walking inside where nothing, literally nothing, had changed even since I was a boy coming here for a burger. Burgers were now replaced with late night beers as is the routine for a number of the workers. If not for them, this shoddy hole wouldn’t exist. We take a seat at the bar as he removes a pack of cigarettes. Two beers down, the light and friendly conversation now long dead – we still don’t embrace much.
“Where’s the old man?” I ask, slowly spinning a full beer in-place.
He inhales deep, lets it out. “Dead,” he exhales like telling me it’s still raining outside.
I try to process what he said, looking around. “Dead,” I repeat back, a bit of shock, a lot of remorse. “What happened to him?”
“Everything,” he replies, looking to me. “You would know that if you had been here, even just come back for that matter. Where the hell have you been?”
I tell him my story, though he is critical as usual. I try to give him specifics to make it more believable as he becomes interested, but I can tell he really doesn’t care to believe me.
“So…wait, woah-woah,” he says, setting down another empty beer. “You want me to believe some bull shit story about you joining the Naval Fleet and becoming an Officer?” He shakes his head. “You were always full of shit, you know that? You didn’t even look far to make that story up. From building ships to flying on them. Wow, real original.” He gestures to some other guy in the bar. “Hey, check it out. It’s my little bro the Navy Captain!”
I shake my head, not even looking to the man. The man doesn’t seem to know how he should react to that, so he goes back to his business of ignoring us.
‘I didn’t come here for this. I just thought I would…see them both.’
I’m not going to convince him, so I just get another beer and talk about his favorite subject – himself. “And what about you? Since he died. How’ve you been?”
Elbows on the bar, he turns his hands up before tapping them back down hard, cigarette smoke swirling. He gives a bit of a blank stare to nowhere. He looked bad – terrible – worse than the last time I saw him. He and I worked these yards as soon as we were able to – too little ambition to do much else with our miserable lives. He takes another drag as I look to him with familiarity, though with some apathetic pity. He talks about some girl he knew who is currently in jail and how she may be pregnant with his kid. He then rambles on until he does what he usually does – ask for money. I turn him down, so it just gives him a reason to act like a total jackass.
“Come on. Don’t give me all of that,” I say in a heavy and exhausted voice.
“What?” he asks, looking as if someone just accused him of murder.
“Just don’t. Lets…” I continue, taking up the near empty beer, “just talk.”
He doesn’t let it go and continues to pick at me, looking for an argument just to rile things up. I’m not having it. Taking out forty bucks, I lay it on the bar and hop up. I say some nice things to him – like how it was good to see him – and head for the door. Outside, the rain is a little heavier, still miserable, but I walk to catch a cab back. I’ll get the car in the morning.
The bar door opens behind me with a squeaky creak and a ‘Hey!’ I knew he would come out. He’s heartless, not a monster. “Ashton, wait!”
I turn to him, neither of us approaching one another. We look at each other through the falling rain, neither of us making any sign of wanting to get closer.
“Just…” he says over the rain, “take care of yourself…ok?”
“Yeah,” I shout through the falling drops, “you, too.” We continue to look at each other standing there some feet apart, giving the sort of head nods you offer when you agree to call them in the morning – but you know it will never happen.
Walking through the dark alley, I can feel the rain soaking through me now. I walk for what seems a good mile or so. Cars pass by as I cross the wet streets around the massive ship yard complex. I’ll just walk until I see a cab or what looks like civilization. I stop and turn – the sprawling complex in the near distance, lit by the orange glow of lights along the streets and atop the buildings. Thunder rumbles overhead for some time, though it was far away. Seeing a cab, I make a hobble of a run with my hand in the air. Hopping in, I tell him to take me to the hotel. As we drive through the complex, I recognize the familiar landscape, remembering why I left in the first place.
I never should have come back.
28. Taking Away From The Memory
Scheduled Maintenance; Artificial Gravity Core Diagnostics – Notori Space Station; Thalhesa Galaxy
It was the damnedest of luck being part of the Argo at this stage in its lifecycle. Roughly every five to seven years, the artificial gravitational cores have to be recalibrated and repaired. It was ideal to do both at once, but the way things usually go, maintenance on these things becomes routine. This time we would still have some maintenance done, though minimal. The Captain told me I was handpicked for overseeing the process and testing, saying it would be good for my career and professional development. Truth is – he didn’t want to be stuck at the spaceport for what could be weeks.
Over the past couple hundred years, with the advancement of spaceflight as it is, the Notori Space Station had been built up fairly well. Nicknamed “Notorious” for something always going wrong with your ship while in maintenance, days could turn into weeks if something doesn’t go right.
With a constant population of over two thousand on any given day, it was a quasi-busy place. Multiple ships were receiving the same maintenance as ours. One ship would leave every day, another soon taking its place. They put me up in a nice little room, but it was average at best. Luckily I was there on another task other than just checking what amounts to diagnostic reports on an engine. While at the spaceport, I was to meet with some other Ministry officials regarding future operations and planning. We treated it like a conference with regular meals, long conversations during the breaks, and drinks in the evening.
On the fourth day, the Station commander held an afternoon cocktail hour and dinner at his residence. Dawning my dress uniform – a show of peacocking at its best with gold chords, medals, shoulder boards, and brimmed hat – I catch a transport to fly me out. The place was swanky, though not too over the top. The conversation was light. A low threat environment. Other guests were there – military, civilian, diplomats, academics – but no one I knew.
I began to hang around another military man, Army it seemed, who wasn’t too terribly bright. Whilst getting drinks at the bar, a beautiful woman in a black dress stood in line waiting to place her order. He nudges me and looks to her. ‘Oh, lord,’ I thought, watching him go. He did a great job of making a fool of himself with terrible pickup lines – she looks him up and down, to me with the same face, then turns away. He puts it off as if it were a joke, but I could tell it bothered him.
Well, enough of that.
After about three hours and as many beers I am completely bored. The evening was setting in and the conversation had turned stale. I wasn’t all that interesting, it turned out, at least not as interesting as the richer and more powerful people around me. It seemed they just wanted to know when I would make Captain. Tiring of the game, I begin to wonder around a bit. Hallways, sitting rooms, kitchen.
Aha – the study. Perfect.
Setting my hat on a table I walk around, arms folded, eyes catching the expansive book shelf. Not just a display case full of encyclopedias, but actual books. Skimming my fingers over them, turning my head sideways to read, I find something that stands out before I remove and look it over. The study door opens before quickly closing again.
“Umm,” a woman’s voice echoes. “I’m sorry, I didn’t know anyone…” she stops to look at me, suddenly aware I was executing the same wandering maneuver as she. Ms. Black Dress Rejection, it appeared.
“Not a problem,” I assure, moving to take up my hat and make for the door. “I’m just milling around. You can have the room.”
“What’s that?” she asks before I make it to the door. I stop and turn to her a little confused. She looks to the book I was apparently still carrying.
“Oh,” I say, caught off guard, turning it up so I can read it. “After Victory: Institutions, Strategic Restraint and the Rebuilding of Order after Major Wars.” I mess with it in my hand while she gives a face of grimace.
“Wow,” she says unimpressed, messing with her necklace. “Of all these books, you grabbed that one?” She smiles a bit – she’s messing with me. All the better reason to go.
“Well…” I reply, walking to return the book to where I found it. “It’s actually pretty good.”
She makes a face, no longer messing with her necklace. “So you’ve read it?”
“Once,” I answer, walking over to the chess table separating us. “A few years back I was required to do so, but I learned a lot, actually.” We talk for a while, she changing the subject to the party, the guests, this room. While talking, I reach down and move a chess piece forward, then another inconspicuously.
She takes a seat at the table. “Do you play?”
“I do,” I offer with half-interest in my voice, taking a seat. She really was a beautiful woman. Dark hair done up well with eyes to match, the black dress forming to her body, slender features on soft skin. Her name was Aubrey. She worked in procurement. After resetting the board, we move a few pieces, though it appears she obviously knows what she’s doing. After she takes a few of my pieces, I clear my throat and sit up straight. She has her fingers by her mouth while trying to subdue a smile. She was getting to me and, to be honest, I was embarrassed that I let something like this get the best of me.
“I thought you said you played,” she jests, her fingers no longer doing anything to hide that smile. I give a light laugh, a friendly sound before sitting back in the chair, suddenly aware I had become flustered.
“You’re right, I did. But I didn’t say I was any good.” That got a little laugh from her. It was a contagious sound. It was hard not to be captivated by her. She moves another piece – I do the same – before a light thud comes from under the table. Feeling her now, a stocking covered foot rubbing my leg, trying to find a knee. I play it off while she doesn’t seem to be preoccupied with the motion.
“No. Not that one,” she says, standing and walking over to me. She squeezes herself between me and the table, adjusting on my lap a couple times more than seemed absolutely necessary. She moves my pieces around before moving her own. I put my hands around her waist, trying to see the pieces over the top of her dress. “There,” she says, slightly turning to me with hands around my neck, “doesn’t that look better?”
“Yeah,” I reply, not caring for my tactical position much more. She slowly, gently leans into me – a light kiss permeated with her perfume.
The door swings open and we panic – why we panicked we’re not sure – but she jumps and hits the chess table, pieces spilling about, losing her balance and taking backwards to the floor. Her arms grasped for that invisible thing that would have kept her from falling. She lets out a sharp yelping sound as I do my best to try and catch her, which I do successfully, though most of her made it past me save for a shoeless leg. A look to those who just entered.
“Gentlemen.”
***
The drive was silent and awkward. She offered to take me back which was nice, but as she drove she would fidget in the seat. Her back may have been a little tweaked after the short fall from lap to hardwood floor. I try to subdue it, but a little laugh comes out. She reaches over and lightly smacks me on the chest. “Don’t laugh,” she says smiling, “ass.” She laughs a bit but complains as she does so. “Ow, ow…oh don’t make me laugh. It hurts.”
We arrive at my destination as I open the car door. “Hey,” she says stopping me, a calm and serious voice. “What if…you come to my place for a drink? Maybe…a quick redo? I can’t let the memory of tonight be that whole…chessboard…thing.”
Shortly afterward we make it to her apartment on the Station, down just a ways.
***
We successfully managed a quick redo – in the car, in the hallway, against her front door, and along every inch of the way to the couch. One heel goes flying, then another with a crash into something fragile, it seemed, before she tosses my coat top to the wall – medals, pieces, and trinkets flying.
“Aww…really?” I say looking towards the downed top, feeling her forcing my attention back to her.
Almost to the bed now, she reaches behind and unzips her dress, holding onto me with a smile as she walks backwards. The sheets become a mess, some additional garments now missing, she reaches behind her back.
“Don’t,” I tell her quickly. She looks to my face, my hand on her arm, leaning down to give her a soft and quiet kiss. Her hands slide along my shoulders, behind my head, as I set my lips against her ribs and stomach. Making my way up, I can feel soft cloth and lace, the delicate skin curving below her neck, to her collar bone, against her cheek.
She was already too beautiful. Just seeing her lie there, wanting me near, was enough. I felt that if I saw more of her it would take away the mystery, be taking away from the memory I currently held with the image of her there. The taste of silk straps pressed against her shoulders, the scent of her perfume, the softness of her hair. She was too much – I couldn’t ruin it. She lets me do what I need to do. Slow, deliberate, soft movements, allowing me extra time to worship specific parts of her body that often go unnoticed. She lets out a low and satisfied sound, almost the beginning of a laugh. I can hear her smiling…that was good enough.
I roll her onto her stomach, taking a seat on her legs. Leaning forward, I slowly rub my hands on her lower back where she ached. Soft and deliberate at first, some firmness from my fingers, and the warmth of my lips all on the same spot.
She lets out a long and satisfied breath, knowing I was going to take my time.
29. The Madussae
Search Party; Near Trade Route Molekst’a – Open Space
By Order of The Ministry – The Captain and crew of the Argo are to dispatch in the vicinity of Route Molekst’a to search for the missing ship The Madussae. She is to be located, reported, and if able rescued for return to planet Talmika or closest planet as the situation permits.
“We’re glad you’re aboard, Major Halstrom,” the Captain says, shaking the Space Marine’s hand as they arrive for their briefing. Earlier today we were dispatched from our regular trade route security mission to fly along with another ship, The Melee, to search for The Madussae that had been missing for two months now. Initial searches turned up nothing, but the Ministry thinks they narrowed it down to a dozen or so other places she may be.
“It’s a pleasure, Sir,” the Major replies, arriving in the Captain’s quarters with the other nine members tasked to support the mission. They were modern Marines with the latest uniforms and weapons. Not sleek uniforms, but full battle rattle truly hauled into a pitched war zone. They were as tough as they come. And everyone knew it.
“If we do find her, then you will lead your Marines aboard as the search party,” the Captain briefs. “We expect only to do so after we find her most likely battered by the enemy. Leftenant Wade here,” he gestures as I nod to the Major and his team, “will accompany you. His mission is the bridge. Once in place he and our Signal Officer will attempt to get the ship powered up while maintaining communications. Your team will continue the search for survivors. Any questions, Gentlemen?” A collective ‘No, Sir’ from us and we are off to plan. The good Major would lead, our first objective being the bridge, if it existed.
***
The Marines were busy getting ready below deck. Loading weapons, extra magazines in pouches, body armor strapped, demolitions and other gear in bags. These guys were warriors – they knew what they could be getting into. “There, Sir,” a midshipman says, pointing and handing me the scope. Putting it to my eyes I can see her now – The Madussae – silent and dark as the galaxy skies. She was still in one piece, though. No obvious damage.
“Any communications yet?”
“No, Sir,” he replies, trying to look out to the dark ship himself as we slowly approach her. “The Signaleer has been trying for the past twenty minutes, though.” I go to check our instruments in the command center. No radiation emission, no poisonous substance in space, no electromagnetic pulses. Everything seemed normal. I walk out on the quarterdeck slowly, one boot in front of the other, arms crossed, a concerned look on my face.
“Any thoughts, Leftenant?” the Commander asks, giving the same uneasy sound in his voice that I had in my mind.
“It won’t be good, Sir.” I reply, not even moving to salute him. We talked as peers now, staring at something so ominous together.
“No,” he agrees, “it probably won’t be. You’ll have the good Major and his Marines, though. Those guys are killers.”
I reach down and feel the pistol under my coat, an extra magazine in the holster. “Yeah,” I let out, an arm crossing my body, knuckles rubbing along day old stubble.
***
“Here we go,” the Major says, giving us the signal as our landing craft leaves the Argo. We approach slowly, the Argo and Melee casting spotlights on the bay door serving as our entry point, shining light about the ship to look for any signs of life. Our craft gets close and stops outside from the bay. We take a stance on the landing craft – crouching, leaping, we fly through space a short distance, landing as gracefully as we could upon touching down in the open bay. The emergency lights inside the ship were lit – dim greens and blues along floors, corridors, and floodlights in the ceilings.
Slowly we make our way, our boots on the ground with the Marine’s gear being the only sounds. We stay as a group for now, keeping our eyes open and oriented to the darkest pockets of the ship. We walked. Kept walking – nobody. There was a stale stench in the air – like stagnant water or moldy clothes. Worse could be expected, though.
Two dull pings echo down a corridor. I froze like a deer, the Marines turning their weapons in all directions. A hand motion and we begin to move as a unit, weapons up and at the ready.
“STOP!” the Major orders before a mess of sound is heard from someone stumbling upon hearing our approach. Flashlights stream in the direction. “Hands Up!”
“Please!” a voice shrieks. “Don’t kill me!” A man’s face peers out, hands extended and illuminated from the flashlights. “We…” he begins, looking around, “we have to leave! We have to go!”
No one moves. No one makes a sound. “Walk to us!” a Marine shouts as the man takes cautious steps. “Stop – turn around!” The man obeys, shaking as if just found guilty of some crime. “Now walk backwards. Keep coming….keep coming….stop.” Two Marines quickly go hands on, dragging him back into our tight circle. “Where’s the rest of the crew? Where’s the bridge?” they ask, but he’s not interested in wasting any more time on the ship.
“We have to go! Now!” he screams, his voice echoing down the hall and through the ship. Well – if no one knew we were here before, they do now. They keep asking him, but they’re getting nowhere. This man was a wreck. Even if they had only been adrift for a couple months, whatever happened it was bad – and if he really was alone all that time then madness was surely to have set in.
“Take him, Sergeant. We’re moving,” the Major says. Two Marines have to force him along. He struggles and resists, begging us not to take him any further. We move faster, knowing that our position was no longer a secret. We go further, the leading Marines following signs to the bridge.
“NO!” he begs, legs giving out under him, kicking while screaming at the top of his lungs. The sounds of his cries are difficult to block out. The sheer terror in his voice sent a shrill fear along my spine.
“You two – stay with him,” the Major orders. Dragging him along was pointless, just post some guys on him and move on. We move to the bridge door. A Marine taps away at the access code with numbers we received from the Ministry prior to the mission. A green light illuminates.
The lone man continues to scream – louder in our direction now – his pleads are indistinguishable as his voice strains. His screaming causes me take a few steps back from the door. A couple looks exchanged between myself and some Marines. Our weapons are out, pointed at the door, lights focused in the center. I can hear a Marine breathing heavily, another adjusts his stance – ready to receive whatever is in there.
The door pops open and a rancid stink emits from within. The smell makes a couple of us gag, having to turn away. We stood in horror, trying to understand what we are looking at. The survivor continues to scream, the Marines holding him down to the ground.
The Captain comes over the radio. “Clay. What’s your status? We’re coming on board.”
Between gags, I shout back into the radio. “Sir! Don’t come on board! DO NOT! Fire up the ship!” I continue, gagging, catching my breath, “We’re leaving, Sir! NOW!”
Hanging from the ceiling, sprawled out along the counters in the bridge, are mutilated bodies – some half, some completely – the flesh torn away and strewn about. All of the blood had dried, muscles and fat cut from their bodies – the rest of the unwanted pieces in piles on the floor. We quickly make back to the survivor and posted guards.
“Get him up!” the Major screams, “We’re moving! NOW!”
They quickly snatch up the crazed man, two others joining to force him off the ship by his arms and legs.
“GO!” the man screams. “RUN!”
“We’re coming out running, Sir! Watch out!” I shout into the radio as we near the bay. Once in the bay we stop, preparing to make the leap for the landing craft. A loud clanking sound follows from the dark hallway we just came. A few Marines turn their weapons to the sound, the Major doing the same.
“Get him on the craft!” the Major shouts. “The rest of you,” he says loading a grenade. “To hell with this!” They unload rounds into and down the hallway, the grenade leaving the tube and detonating in the distance. They continue to fire, moving backwards to make the leap.
On the craft now, we hold the man down, though he is not saying or screaming anything. We look back to the bay. Nothing is there but illumination from the flicker of flame. The stench is still in my nostrils, making me queasy, forcing me to take a seat like most of the others. One Marine throws up, obviously still reeling like the rest of us. The other two Marines keep asking what happened, what was wrong. None of us could bring ourselves to explain. A look to the survivor’s face – a twisted and desperate expression. Tears flowing down his nose, teeth gritting, his body stiff as a board.
Riding the transport, we make our way back to the Argo. Further away from the death.
30. Gentlemen – Make Your Turn
Routine Security; Trade Route Escort – Route Galgamega; Near Sophria Galaxy 
Before leaving port, we took on a small entourage of Officers and crew from another ship like ours, the Eleptra. This wasn’t unusual in any sense – we have taken on other members of the fleet or passengers before, so it was business as usual. Ensign Maury and I had a chance to meet the small bunch as they came aboard. They seemed like the rest of us – the same attire, the same background, the same understandings of our mission. There was one fellow Maury and I weren’t too sure about – their senior Officer.
His name was Lieutenant Commander Henson. It wasn’t so much that he outranked me, many others did, it was this boisterous attitude – a certain air about him. As he spoke it seemed as though he was trying to impress, though his entourage didn’t seem to pay much attention to him, nor did we…at first.
“So…how did you work your way into where you are now?” Henson asks me, an eye to my uniform before back to meet mine.
“I’m sorry, Sir? Work…what?” I ask, staying polite and cordial. Maury just looks to him, waiting for a reply. Henson looks as if he’s about to speak before the Mate calls All Hands to prepare for the launch. I tip my hat to him, his entourage, before Maury and I turn for our posts.
***
“Work my way?” I retort to Maury as we take to our beers on the quarterdeck, looking out into the dark sky of space and scattering of stars. A galaxy lies in the distance, white and red stars all around.
Maury smirks, letting out a sound. “Don’t let it get to you, Clay. He’s just sizing you up. Like his rank isn’t good enough for him.” We continue to drink, taking refills when we run low. Neither of us had watch until the morning, so we took our time. The trade route was a secure one, all of us knowing there was no need to be on any alert status. Even the Captain turned in early for the night.
The next night, we dined in the Captain’s quarters with Lt. Commander Henson in attendance. At first he was civil, but after too many drinks he began to boast…mostly about himself. He was an ingrate. It was apparent he only got to where he was because of his connections. There was no trace of what he had actually done in the service. Then he became a drunkard. After he provided back handed compliments around the table, he then turned his sights to me.
“And being the little guy,” he says while gesturing to me, “how do you manage to serve in the sight of these great Officers, those who are your betters.”
‘Those Betters,’ I think, ‘are my seniors, my friends, and my crew.’ Before saying anything, my Commander interjects.
“Leftenant Wade is an asset and a fine compliment of an Officer in the Nelsonian fleet,” he states, a few ‘Here-Here’s’ and pats on the table from those I know. I lift my glass to them with a drink, a glance to Henson before returning to my own business. My Commander looks to me with a steeled glance – he knows the game.
***
Maury and I were in my quarters sitting room for the remainder of the night. I couldn’t get that insolent man out of my head. It drove me up the wall – having to sit there and take it from some stranger, some two-bit bastard.
“Clay…” Maury says, sitting in the chair while watching me pace, “calm down.” He chuckles a bit at my expense. I don’t let it bother or distract me. Before long there is a knock at the door.
‘Oh dear Lord,’ I think before telling them to enter, ‘it better not be…’
The door creaks open as my Commander steps in, my breath letting out as he closes it behind him. Maury rises while we give a little salute, but he stops us early. “Clay,” he says, “look…don’t worry about this guy. He’ll be off the ship in a couple days. I’ll keep him busy and away from you.”
“I appreciate that, Sir,” I say while continuing to pace, “but that man insults me. He INSULTS ME, Sir!”
“You’ve had too much to drink.”
“I’ve had a few, Sir. I am no drunk.” Maury tilts his hand side to side at the Commander with a scrunched face. Bastard.
“THAT man,” I stammer, pointing to nowhere, “is NOT a Gentleman. Not in the earliest sense.” The Commander kind of puts his hands up in a defensive measure, shaking his head a little.
“Maybe not,” he says in a calm voice, “but you, good Sir, are not to measure his merit as an Officer.”
We agree to disagree before he turns out. We give a salute as he does so, knowing he is our superior and our friend. We give up the bitch-fest for the night, finally recognizing it was getting me nowhere.
***
“Is that a CHALLENGE, Mr. Wade?” Henson bellows out. It doesn’t matter what he did, it doesn’t matter how I countered, but I couldn’t let him go on bullying those I care about. Rising to my feet from the table, I stand shortly before him.
“What?” I reply easily. “Are you going to weasel your way out of this one, too? When it really matters?” We stare hard at each other, breathing deep and waiting for the first strike. He smiles, putting a hand to his lips, trying to seem collected.
“So be it, Leftenant,” he contests. “We’ll settle this by the book then?” I give a quick nod to him before he leaves, a few others looking on.
Maury approaches me as others pretend they didn’t hear. “Clay,” he says before looking around, suddenly becoming awares. “Sir,” he counters in a low voice, “you know what you’ve just done?”
“Yes,” I reply, looking to him, “and I need you to be my second.”
“Sir,” he urges, “come on now.” Hands on his hips he looks around, to the ground. “All right then…”
The entire ship had turned out, the Captain and other Staff Officers overlooking from the quarterdeck. Henson and I stand on opposite sides of the railing, facing each other. No one was between us, no one near. No one wanted to be caught in the middle of this.
“Chamber – Rounds!” Maury calls out from the deck, taking a few steps back. I load a single round into my pistol, Henson doing the same. He has a determined expression between his brow. He means business – as do I. The Captain expressed his discontent with me, challenging a superior. Maury walks over to me, though an unorthodox move, before we begin. Henson protests, but Maury continues walking to me regardless. Maury pulls my lapels tight, unbuttons my coat a little. “So he’s a jerk and you insult him to the point of a challenge – now who’s not very Gentleman-like? Huh, Clay?” I look to him, he returning a hard look to me. Bastard. Maury returns to his position.
“Gentlemen – Make your turn!” Maury shouts.
Henson and I both turn away from each other, facing out over the railing.
“Ready – Leap!”
The both of us jump over the sides of the ship – leaping over the side and into the abyss. Both of us falling quickly, rapidly descending as we both try to turn towards one another, our coats flapping as we do so. We do the best we can to point our weapons at each other – though with only one round apiece.
He appears to aim, but doesn’t shoot yet, as I try to turn and gauge his rate of fall. I was falling faster than he was, though it seemed due to the inability to control his spin. I steady myself, pointing my pistol at him just before his comes into view. Two shots ring out in quick succession followed by a stinging in my foot. He appears to grab himself while he turns, slowly slipping away from me. He’s still alive, whatever happened.
Drawing my sword, I extend my arms to slow my fall and allow him to pass by – though a ways away now. He notices me coming, grabbing his sword and drawing it outwards. One arm gripped his side while I extended my sword with both hands, guiding myself right for him.
Pushing hard for him, I let out a shout – a scream – now quickly closing the distance between us. I fly to him faster than I would have liked, the sound of space flying past my ears while filling my mind with the deafening sound.
We meet – the sound of bodies colliding at a high rate of speed. A snapping sound – someone’s bone, no doubt – while we both claw and reach for the other – kicking, gripping, elbowing for supremacy.
A sword pierces flesh, a shriek and a gurgling sound as the blade runs through the other side. Forcing it inwards, holding it in place as the other suffers a quick and painful death. Continuing to fall together, they release – one body lifeless while the other not. Watching, the blood streams out and up out from the limp mass of human remains hurling downwards.
Coats flap as they continue to fall.
The Argo comes into view, coming about and picking up speed.
31. Honestly
Liberty; Planet Luestra – Hapsbrun Colony 
Looking into the mirror, I couldn’t come up with a better excuse for bringing myself here to come see her. If I told myself the real reason out loud, I felt terrible. She’s the one who wrote me in the first place, so why should I feel bad about it? I only had two days here, anyways. Not like I could accomplish much if I tried.
Running a hand across the steam covered mirror, I see myself staring back. Rubbing a hand over two-day-old stubble, through my damp hair down to my neck, I try to remember the last time we met. I needed a haircut. I should shave – I remember how much she complained when my face was like sandpaper. Towel around my waist, another around my shoulders, I rub the remaining water from my face, hands on the counter before taking a good look at the guy in front of me. The words in her recent letter in my mind:
Clay,
If you’re ever around this part of the universe then you know where I’m at. The shop is still there…
Brianna
The shop she refers to is just a little cafe downtown. We planned to use it as an excuse to meet and just talk. What was so conspicuous about meeting at a public place for coffee? At a table for two? With the same woman? Nearly every evening? I look up and out to nowhere, shrugging my shoulders in the mirror.
‘I got nothing’ I think to myself. Liar. I was on Luestra at one point previously for three months during a major training exercise, but that was nearly four years ago. I had gone to the coffee shop one morning and we struck up a conversation while waiting in line. I couldn’t help it. She had her brown hair down, a light yellow sundress. I just wanted to know the sound of her voice. Anything more than that was never thought of – immediately. Brie and I kept in touch over the years – about once a year, really – and I finally decided it was time to pay up to my debt of promises to stop by ‘one day.’
I just needed to be honest with myself. If I thought I was going to convince her of anything other than reminding her of our past then I was fooling myself and wasting her time. I decided I wasn’t going to do anything foolish. Don’t shave, don’t do anything I wouldn’t normally do, don’t infer anything. So I did my normal routine, tightened the towel around my waist, and head towards the closet.
Clean shaven.
***
For the first time in ever we were meeting early in the morning. It really would be coffee for two this time. Walking in my relaxed jeans, fitted shirt, and light waistcoat, I walk with hands in pockets towards the shop. I didn’t need to look for our regular table outside. The one on the end – it was still there. I arrived first, ordering what I remembered as the usual for us.
There she is – a black top with jeans, a ponytail, and splashes of jewelry. She was just as beautiful as I remembered. She hadn’t aged a day. She smiles when our eyes meet. I stand, though I didn’t feel myself do it before we hugged. It was a friendly hug, a familiar hug, one reserved for those who share a secret between the two of them.
“I’m so glad you came,” she says standing there in front of me, a hand on my shoulder. She puts a hand to my cheek, running her fingers on the ends of my loose hair as she watches them slide through the ends. She smiles a real smile, looking at me. “Clay…” she says, releasing a deep breath. She looks to the table – “You remembered.”
“Of course,” I say, rubbing a hand on her arm, looking back to the table. “I never forgot.”
We sit and get situated, acting like our meeting didn’t bring back a rush of emotions. We made great small talk – right out of the book, couldn’t have prepared the statements beforehand better myself. My hand on the table, she reaches out, sliding her fingers into mine. A sharp feeling catches my attention – and there it is! Whoever he was, he had money – the only way to obtain a rock that large.
“Yeah,” she mutters, looking down to the table and away from me as I rock the stone back and forth on her finger. It’s a strange feeling messing with a ring that another man put on the woman you were in front of. Even though it is a gift to her – it’s still his somehow.
“I’m happy for you,” I assure. Not liar. “Hopefully I don’t cause a scene for you just by being here. Must have been recent. I got your letter just over a month ago so –”
“About eight months now,” she says directly. She takes back her hand, messing with the ring under the table. I play it off, saying nice things to her, trying to make this not so awkward. Hey – the letter didn’t say anything about… that…so what’s the big deal? We sit and talk, dismissing what just happened. We ask about each other’s lives, what we’ve been up to, what the future may hold. If she invited me to the wedding then I was going to throw myself into traffic, though she never did. Every driver within a twenty-mile radius should consider themselves lucky. Returning myself from the thought of my corpse laid out in the road, I attempt to return to reality.
“What about a walk to the park?” I ask. “I hope it’s the same since we were there.”
“It is,” Brie says, looking to her watch, “but I have to wait just a little while longer before we can go.”
‘Oh lord,’ I think, taking a look around, “Are you waiting for…him? I should go, then. I’m not here to cause problems, Brie.”
“No,” she quickly reassures me. “Not him.”
So…we keep talking for a while. She asks about what happened since the last time we saw each other. We both kind of shrug and make idle gestures, neither of us admitting that we should have stayed more in touch after I left. When we previously parted it was difficult – but we both knew it was coming eventually. It was just a three-month tryst. Neither of us ever committed.
When she finally stands, I do the same. I figured she saw whoever it was she was waiting for.
“Ameila,” she says, waving a hand to the ones she was waiting for while grabbing her things. I lay a twenty on the table, placing it under an empty coffee cup before I take one last look around. Last time I’ll see this place again.
“Oh – honey, no,” Brie says as there’s a feeling of something wrapping around my leg. I look down a little surprised, seeing a little girl.
“Hey there,” I say, crouching down to her, hands on her shoulders. I look to Brie with a smile. “What do we have here?” Brie motions like she’s going to take her, but I put my hands under her arms and pick her up.
“Wow,” I say, a firm grasp on her blue dress, “you look just like your mommy.” Those brown eyes and matching hair, that round face. She was the cutest thing. I get the sense that Brie didn’t like what I just did. Randomly picking up other people’s children really wasn’t a habit of mine. Holding her there, it’s incredible how much of a spitting image she was of Brie. I let out a smile, tucking a piece of loose hair behind her ear. Looking to her, I try to guess. “She’s what? Three?”
“She’ll be three in a couple weeks,” Brie replies, looking between the little girl and I.
I stop swaying side to side, looking to the little one now. “What’s your name? Let me guess…Amanda.” The little girl shakes her head and makes a scrunched up face. We both tuck a strand of hair behind our ear. 
“Her name’s Claire,” Brie says, a slight shake in her voice. The little girl looks and smiles at her mother.
“Claire,” I repeat, looking to the little girl’s long hair. “After your mother?” I ask Brie.
Brie looks around a bit, a hand to her mouth as she takes a quick breath. “Honestly, Clay,” she says, the other hand on her waist. “After her father.” She looks out as she wipes away a tear, fighting back the short gasps while putting her sunglasses on. She reaches for Claire, though I suddenly find it hard to let her go.
The three of us begin to walk to the park just down the way. Claire asks me my name and if I have a dog. Brie doesn’t say anything.
I look around as we take slow steps down the sidewalk, not able to keep myself from watching the cars quickly passing by.
32. Rolling of Thunder
Scavenger Patrol – Vulteema Quadrant; Near Bolsereno Galaxy
“Sir,” someone says in the darkness, feeling a few light shakes slowly bringing me back to consciousness. “Gotta get up, Sir. It’s almost your shift.” I sit up quickly, the sudden response you give when trying to fake like you’re up and ready to go.
I finish a few quick bites before refilling my coffee, ready to begin the day. Saucer and cup in hand, hat on straight, I make out the galley door and on deck. Acknowledging a few ‘Sir’ remarks from the crew, I continue my way as the ship begins to come alive. Up the stairs and onto the quarterdeck, I leave the midshipman on watch be – myself checking the reports, charts, radar, and ship status first. After assuming watch, I send for the coffee tray and await the Commander.
“Good morning, Sir,” I offer, a deliberate pinch to the front of my hat, extending a freshly poured cup and saucer to him.
“Mr. Wade,” he says casually. “Another day, it seems. A tight ship under your watch, as usual,” he continues while we share a couple cups together. I pour his refills out of respect and a general courtesy rather than subordinate obedience. He insists I don’t – but he watches me do it nonetheless. This was the best part of any day – a fresh start, new opportunities. The command is in a good mood while any past grievances or issues are left to yesterday and put behind us. We always knew when to start afresh.
A few electronic blips ping from the radar. The Signaleer mutters something indistinguishable to himself at first, then quickly emerges from the bridge. “MULTIPLE INCOMING, SIR!”
The Commander makes for the Captain, tossing his cup as it shatters on deck while the Signaleer shouts distance and direction.
“All ahead on the Mainsail! Divert to one-twenty-degrees! Power ninety-five!” I shout, the men frantically setting to work. I finish my coffee before setting the cup on the railing – who knows, it may be my last, after all. The Captain takes over – even amongst the chaos he lets out a casual “Mr. Wade,” as I go running by without acknowledging him. The Commander assumes the quarterdeck, his hat on straight and looking about through his scope. I quickly make for the Signaleer, trying to get a better picture of what’s going on. The ship picks up speed and begins to divert with engines roaring. We do our best to look out to where the blips were emitting, but we heard before we saw…
A distant thunder. A rolling sound like cannon balls hitting and tumbling across a hollow deck. “There!” someone shouts, pointing out into the distance. The radar screen is completely overwhelmed to the point where individual images are now indistinguishable from one another. Making for the deck, I join the others as we hold onto the ship, speeding towards the sight.
Streaks of fire and debris emit from around a planet, multiple burning hulks beginning to fall while cosmic cannon blasts of green and blue fly past the now derelict craft. The fiery mess reigns outward like an orange meteor shower. Multiple smaller ships dart out in front of the debris, while the few remaining large ships do their best to fire back and defend themselves from the hoard. The larger ships are more modern, the smaller ones a mix of old and new.
“Scavengers!?” I shout to anyone who knows.
“No!” the Captain shouts back, still looking through the scope as the Signaleer sprints to hand him a piece of paper. “Cortinians,” the Captain says as he looks at the paper, returning to his scope.
“Cortinian, Sir? Which ones?” the Commander asks.
The Captain continues peering through the scope – “All of them,” he replies calmly.
“Run out the guns, Mr. Wade,” the Captain orders in a deliberate tone. A quick ‘Aye, Sir’ as I make for below, but the gun crews were itching, already hauling the lines and opening ports before I could give the order. Our coordinates are relayed to the Ministry, sending out the code for Imminent Danger, and requesting permission to preemptively defend ourselves – it’s granted.
Guns out. Full speed. Ready to fire. We watch helplessly as the scene continues to unfold in the distance. The smaller ships quickly maneuver in a swarm around the larger ones. A hailstorm of devastation and fire emits in all directions. Some of it even makes it our direction, though the blasts were from so far away that they no longer packed the energy to cause damage. Before long, light pings are heard impacting our hull – they’re getting closer. We feel a change of course, the engines burning hot, the ship vibrating under our feet with every sail out.
We have to get away from this – whatever it is.
Eventually the swarm of small ships come closer, suddenly turning their attention to us though they haven’t fired yet.
“FIRE!” I shout – starboard guns ringing in our ears as swirls of deep blue emit from the Argo to sweep through the hold and up onto deck. A couple of their small ships are hit and put out of commission. Some return fire, taking out our forward and top masts.
“Cease Fire!” the Captain shouts over the radio, the smaller ships circling us while our transmissions become flooded with Cortinian chatter. The Argo slows to a halt. The men arm themselves as I am summoned up top.
Already on deck, the Captain and Commander are receiving a small crew from the Cortinians. They were like human – though not. Their skin was a hard, smooth, gray mass. Sharp features on their face, thorn-like extensions from their knuckles, light blue eyes that were impossible to ignore.
Their smaller ships flew black flags – though the Black Flag meant something entirely different to naval fleets – they even carried one on a pole when they came aboard. Their language wasn’t English, but the leader would do the best he could. The Captain approaches him calmly, hands behind his back.
“I am the Captain of this ship,” he announces, gesturing around him. “What do you want?” We all knew if they were pirates then we would have all been dead by now anyways.
“Corint,” our guest says, pointing back to their previous attack with burning hulks falling into the abyss. “Over.” He takes the black flag from his counterpart, tapping it hard on the deck – “Resolution.” We don’t really understand, looking to each other a little, giving a confused look to the leader. The Captain looks around a bit, taking some time to think, looking to the other black flags flying from their ships. He nods to the leader.
“REV-OLUTION,” he says in an extended and clear voice while keeping his calm. The leader nods his head slightly, extending the flag to the Captain.
“My God,” the Commander says to me in a low voice. “They’re taking over their planet.”
“Revolution,” the leader repeats. “Take flag.” We exchange looks between each other, the Captain not looking away from their leader. From their ships around us, the crews draw weapons and aim towards us. The Captain doesn’t move.
“TAKE….FLAG,” the leader persists before drawing his pistol and putting it to the Captain. The Captain doesn’t move, just clears his throat and stares at the leader. He pulls the trigger and the Captain falls to the deck. Our crew draw weapons and fire back at a few targets, but we are quickly overwhelmed. The leader grabs hold of the Commander.
“TAKE THE FLAG!!” he screams. The Commander just stands there, looking to me, breathing heavily. A round fires into his back and exits his chest. He falls to the ground in a bloody mess. They snatch me up and hold me in front of the leader. He extends the flag to me with a grunt, looking me in the eye. I don’t move, though I’m shaking. He presses the flag hard into my chest, looking around at our crew now overtaken by his army.
I look to the crew. They shake their heads, low in their breath begging me not to take it. I shudder as he presses the pistol to my head. My hand shakes – then suddenly without control reaches out and grabs the flag. The men let out a sound of exasperation, knowing what I had just done. The leader gives a light nod in my face. He pushes me away from him, the flag in my hand, summoning to his crew as they turn and begin to make for their small craft.
No one moves, not even myself. The Cortinians turn their ships away from us and return from where they came, heading towards the remaining larger ships that had clearly given up the fight. No cannon are heard, no more rolling of thunder. We walk to the edge, watching the swarm continue away from us and into the distance.
In an instant I run to the side of the ship with flag in hand. Giving a hard and angry thrust, screaming at the top of my lungs from the anger, the fear, the frustration of what we had just endured – the black flag with pole now spiraling out and over the edge, into the abyss below, the only sounds being a silent crew and the hate of one man.
33. Infrared
Operation Hulvak – Tormeto Quadrant; Yulvamera Galaxy
“Argo, Argo…this is The Red Pulsar. Argo, Argo…red flash indicator.”
The large evacuation ship makes a wide turn as it continues its approach to the outskirts of the fight. In the distance and slowly approaching is our ship the Argo, red lights flashing in unison atop masts, bow to stern, and underneath. We had retrograded from the fight with lights out, slipping away from the enemy as fast we could – with what we had left. Half of our sails were shot away or barely hanging on as the Argo limped out and away from the battlespace. In the far distance, colorful bursts of cannon rounds and short sporadic blasts exchange between Imperial ships and the enemy.
“Pulsar, Pulsar…this is the Argo. Roger. Preparing approach. Ready on deck for transfer,” the Signaleer responds as our two ships near. The wounded are on deck with those most grievously injured strapped to body boards, ready to be moved to the Pulsar.
“WE’LL BE MAKING THE LEAP!” the Mate shouts across the deck as the wounded are lined up. “Two men to one, now!”
“He’s mine,” Maury demands, gripping tightly to the casualty. They are the third to jump, watching the first two hold onto their casualties as they float through space – a short trip to be received in a bay aboard The Red Pulsar. Tears begin to fill his eyes again, his cheeks already wet and stained with grime and sweat. His turn now, he and another holding on to the casualty. Maury looks down, grabs on tight to the unconscious casualty – “Hang on, Clay,” he says while looking down, another tear falling from his nose, his voice cracking. “We’re almost there, buddy.”
A crouch and a heave – the two men cling tightly to their casualty as they quickly float through space, an arm extended to meet the crew of The Red Pulsar as they pull them and the casualty aboard. Placed on a stretcher, through the bright corridors and to an operating room, they make quick work of me.
I feel people pulling at my body, strapping things to my arms, my head in a haze with muffled sounds filling my mind. Against the fuzzy white lights, there is a deep shade of blue that comes and goes. Suddenly I feel a calm slowly enveloping my body. From chest to back it slips into me, forcing me to take a deep breath and hold it before slowly letting it out, my eyes opening as the pain disappears. Slowly – deeply now – a cool feeling against my forehead, through my hair…then quiet…then darkness.
***
Four days passed until I finally came to full consciousness. Sitting up, I can feel a pain of soreness in my side. Wincing as I sat up, I look about – a hospital room of sorts. The doctors tell me I am aboard The Red Pulsar, having been rescued from my ship after the fight turned sour. After a while I feel well enough to put on the simple white hospital pajamas, walking about to stretch my legs and grab something to eat. A cup of coffee in hand, a look at myself in a window – hair to the base of my neck, a week’s worth of scratchy stubble on my face. I ask how they saved me, so one of the nurses obliges and takes me to an urgent care room.
There, looking through the window, a team of doctors work around their patient. The nurse looks to me with a light smile, pointing to the team. “You see the woman beside the table? Watch…”
A blue haired woman slowly extends her hands over the patient, close to him now. Her hands slowly moving above the body, pausing at times over the wounds. The patient seems to gasp, a deep breath before letting it out.
I look to the nurse a little confused. “What is she doing?” I ask, thinking some sort of magic. The nurse reaches down and hands me a pair of clear glasses before motioning to the room.
It was hard to believe, but below the woman’s hands and in an aura around her body, there was a blue and green cloud radiating from her – cascading down and enveloping the red and orange body of the wounded man, some of the colors rolling and falling like a heavy fog to the floor. The colors change as they move, the other doctors bodies glowing a yellow-red under their smocks. The woman appeared only in shades of deep blue and black.
“It’s infrared,” the nurse says before removing her glasses, smiling as she watches me. The blue haired woman’s hands fall to her side, patient now calm, colored clouds dissipating as they fall to the floor. She looks to us standing behind the glass before I quickly look away, taking off the glasses and handing them to the nurse.
“She’s called a Rustramera. She’s human…sort of…but their species uses this…” she gestures with her hands in light circles, a tilting head motion, “ultraviolet…heat producing…sort of thing that…heals.” She shrugs her shoulders and does a friendly chuckle before looking to me. “Strange, huh?” It certainly was, but such things were not misunderstood in the universe. It was very unique – and very much a mystery.
The doctors leave the patient and walk by us in the hallway before stopping to see us. The blue haired woman makes like she is speaking to another doctor who then responds to her, but for some reason she didn’t make a sound. The doctor talks to her in plain English, so she must understand.
“This is Ke-liminia-hulemra-yulsekt. We call her Kelly,” the nurse says as she gestures to the blue haired woman. I look to her – a beautiful woman. Her features delicate, her skin soft on the curves of her face and hands, her blue hair undetractable from her overall beauty. She was slender from neck to waist, though the round hips are a contrast to her stature.
“Doctor,” I say, nodding to her. “Thank you.” That’s all I am best to let out. She shakes her head side to side, gesturing with her hands. Her mouth moves for a few words, but again strangely nothing comes out.
“She’s not a doctor,” the nurse says, “but she says you’re welcome.”
I look between the nurse and Kelly, a sort of confused expression. The nurse looks to her. “Do you mind?” she asks Kelly before taking the small buds from her ears. Kelly doesn’t look amused, but remains kind natured. The nurse puts the buds in my ears before gesturing to Kelly. “Now tell her,” she says, a smirk on her face.
“Umm,” I begin before noticing everyone was waiting on me. “Thank you, Ma’am.”
Kelly holds onto her clipboard and moves her lips. Seconds later I hear a voice. “…You’re welcome.” I let out a slight smile and laugh before nodding to her, removing the buds and returning them to the nurse. After they leave, I can’t help but be inquisitive.
“It’s not English?”
“No,” the nurse replies before putting the buds in her pocket. “It’s alien to us. These help pick up the low decibels of her voice, amplify, and translate. Cool huh?” The nurse takes me back to my room as we talk about what just happened. Before I knew it we had arrived, having not asked nearly as many questions as I wanted answered.
***
Standing outside a doorway, still aboard the ship, I look down the list of translated words posted outside the entrance. Down, down – there it was. Kelimina-something-something. Right place.
Standing in my white hospital cloth, I look around through the empty hallways, fearing someone might see me…for some reason. My heart is in my throat and my nerves on end when I finally knocked on the door. When it slid open I wasn’t sure what to say, though I do remember a few words coming out after ‘Kelly.’
Standing in loose pants and top, appearing to be evening leisurewear, she looked a little confused, peered out into the hallway, then back at me. A smile grew on her face, though, so maybe I wasn’t a total fool. With hands on her hips, she looked at me in an awkward silence. Her lips didn’t move. Though knowing I wouldn’t hear what she said – I wished they would just move. She steps aside and gestures for me to enter her quarters. She closes the door behind us as she makes for the kitchen, shaking her head a little, that blue hair down around her shoulders.
The place was cold. Really cold. It was a nice place though, a small living space for a…practitioner…as she was? She returns with a glass of water – also cold. She goes to a drawer and pulls out ear buds – thank goodness – and hands them to me.
“Kelly,” I say while putting them in. “I just wanted to stop by and say thanks. Again. I saw what you did for the other patient and I…just…” Shrugging a bit, I shake my head.
Why was I here? 
Her lips move a bit before the sound of her voice fills my ears. “It’s really no problem. We’re all different…I guess.” She looks to my side before taking a few steps forward. Moving lips flash seconds before the sound of her voice. “Do you mind?”
Shaking my head, I watch her step forward, lifting my shirt and looking at the healing wound. “How is it?” I ask while setting down the cold glass. She lets out a self-contained smirk.
“Better,” she replies in a low voice. She still has the shirt in one hand, then both. She lifts it a little and examines my body underneath. I finally get an awkward sense from the feeling of being near her.
“I shouldn’t be here…”
“No,” she says, a couple shakes of her head as she keeps her gaze on my wound, roaming under my shirt.
“I’ll leave, Kelly. I should.”
“No,” she counters in a low and reassuring voice. Looking up to me, a hand holding up the shirt, she lifts it, steps closer, running her fingers over my forehead and through my hair. It sends a chill through me – her hand cold against my skin.
She continues to run her fingers through my hair. Down to the base of my neck, her cool touch pulling me closer. The soft and cold first touch of her lips – that gentle and delicate thing that you do when slowly giving into someone for the first time. She reaches up and removes my ear buds, tossing them aside. Pulling me closer to her now, her hands tightly gripping at my shirt, I can feel her cold body as a firm touch against mine.
We hold, kiss, embrace the newness of each other. Running my hands around her waist, to the small of her back, I pull her closer and tightly against me. Her blue hair now brushing my face, the feel of her body against me is like the first cool breeze of winter. Her eyes closed, her lips brushing mine, she lets out a smile – feeling the warmth of my body having an effect on her. I could feel her warming against me, more than just contact from skin. We stay there – still – feeling the difference between us.
Slowly she tugs on my shirt, looking into my eyes as she lifts it up and over. She leads me further into her quarters, the two of us finally resting with one in the lap of the other. The only light to be seen comes from another room, the slow and defined silhouette of her body in front of me – outlines of blue on the extremes of her face and bare shoulders. Making similar work of her attire, she pulls herself close – more to expose the warmth and coolness that was exceptional from the air around us. She appears to take a deep breath, closing her eyes and slowly tilting her head back. Her fingers wandering, her hands on my back, she pulls me close.
She presses her weight against me, leading me back as she removes what she finds disagreeable on the both of us. Sliding herself to me, she sits upright, the coolness from her wandering hands making me take a shallow breath. The chilled sheets under me, the cool air circulating around my body, it only creates a heightened sense of her presence, the weight of her body keeping me in place. Finally, she gently eases herself down, a hand to her chest as silent words from her mouth go unheard. Pulling her to me, I sit up to wrap an arm around her back, feeling her about me. Though her body cool, a slow and growing warmth is instantly noticeable.
Feeling the strain, my wound re-announces itself. Hearing my wince, she looks to my side before extending a hand and placing it on me for a few seconds. Her eyes are closed, her mouth slightly open for a breath, occupied with another task as my pain begins to fade away. She looks to me, pulling my lips hard to hers, the air between and amongst us quickly warming. She reaches back with both hands, pulling her hair up in a disheveled mess before bracing herself against me again.
Grabbing on, rolling her body, I let myself give into her desire. She quickly kicks away the sheets, giving the pillows a shove, her blue hair against the mattress. Though I’ve not gotten beyond the cold, she begins to sweat. The only sounds heard are those created by the natural movement between us, her lips moving in secret words. Her eyes closed, a light smile here and there, she steadies herself.
Reaching her hands to my chest, she stops short of touching. A warm and soothing sense flows through me as she looks into my eyes. I can’t help but smile as I sense her. She looks at me and seems to let out a light laugh before smiling and looking away. Her lips repeat the words that I cannot hear – things I know she only means to keep to herself. Not even the sound of her breathing can be heard. Regardless, I am not discouraged. As she becomes relaxed, I am emboldened. Suddenly her lips part, seeming to take a deep breath, her legs tightening their grasp, her hands squeezing into my chest, her body becoming tense.
Suddenly, like a wave coming over me, a flash of warmth flows around and through my body. It forces me to take a deep breath, my body arching away and against her. She pulls herself to me and holds tight, a light and quick convulse, the natural warmth between us.
She adjusts the hold she has on me and, maybe…just for a moment…I thought I could hear Kelly trying to catch her breath. Slowly she leans up into me, her lips lightly and delicately brushing against mine – a gentle and delicate thing you do after knowing someone for the first time. A light sensation slips from her – a low and satisfied, though silent, sound from within.
She presses her kiss into me, now taking notice of both the softness and warmth of her lips against mine.
34. La Prima
Admiral’s Call, Chalwik Estate – Schweinfurt, Germany
A standing ovation was in order as we rose to our feet. Amidst the cheers and applause, Ensign Maury, the Captain, and myself stood in the balcony as la prima ballerina joined the others on stage, adorned with lights and flowers.
“Brava!” we shout amidst the raucous from those around us. We had come to Germany as part of an Admiral’s Call, something we had not been able to do for some time, but we would represent Thera and take part in the usual activities. Tonight was the attendance of a ballet in Schweinfurt before heading back to the Admiral’s estate for the night. Standing in our uniforms – medals, gold shoulder boards and braids, tall and embroidered collars, swords at our sides, and hats tucked under waistcoat arms – we made a sight amongst other uniformed services and civilians.
We shook hands and mingled with the crowd in the great hall amidst those we had never met, but it was enough to be cordial and sociable. In a small group with the Captain, one of his associates approaches us and introduces the others accompanying him. After shaking hands with the Captain, us in the background, he gestures to his guest for the evening. With them is a beautiful and recognizable woman – la prima. We rise from our seats as they shake hands and make introductions.
“Gentlemen. May I introduce the elegant and most talented Reveeka Androvka. The star of tonight’s performance,” one of the young gentlemen says.
“Of course,” the Captain replies, extending his hand for hers. “You were wonderful, Ms. Androvka. An absolute pleasure to see you perform.”
She acknowledges and thanks him, making small talk from things of nothing important. She was breathtaking. Having changed into a studded black gown reaching the floor, she was affable, courteous, and seemed genuinely appreciative that we came to see her. An acclaim to her name – her accent was a credit to her heritage and dancing a patronage to her lineage. In short, she truly was breathtaking – the kind of beauty that would naturally draw any man closer in the hopes of stealing her away.
The Captain went around the table, introducing myself and Ensign Maury along with a couple others we were attending with this evening. She does a friendly nod and a kindly ‘hello,’ her attention returning to the Captain and her escort – introduced as her husband – his accent and age hinting at the fact. As the evening wears on we order drinks, the Captain and other Gentlemen slowly wearing down cigars as the crowd continues to thin. It was a pleasant time and wonderful evening. Soon, though, we would retire to the Estate where we would stay until our next event in the morning.
Close to leaving now, we stand as Reveeka does, obviously worn from her long day and conversation. We gather our things as we few remaining patrons begin to make our way. Reveeka takes her empty drink to the bar and I do the same, making small talk with her along the way. She asks about the uniform and I about her career. She doesn’t seem agitated from the company, though not too terribly focused on our conversation. The evening wears on and eventually ends, the other company going about from where they came.
***
Early the next morning I was optimistic, excited to be at such a wonderful place as the Admiral’s sprawling estate in the German countryside for our next event. As I walked down the marble stairs, I could hear the other guests making for outside or arriving. Opting for my regular uniform of shinned boots, blue coat, and gold brimmed hat – we would be riding for sport today. There would be fifty or more riders, most of them we either saw or met at the ballet.
“Good Morning, Sir,” I offer with a salute to the Admiral and his guests as I make my way outside and into the clear summer morning. Horses drawn from the stables, coffee served from the servants, people beginning to mount up – it was a calm and pleasant experience. The morning seemed brighter, the air cooler, the day more promising than any I had experienced in some time. I realized I had a little grin on my face, lost in thoughts to myself. A few last words amongst our group with the Captain and finishing the coffee to get us going – we mount up. The coolness in the morning was a bit unusual for this time of year, but the yellow-orange of the rising sun, casting shadows of the trees, was a calm and peaceful atmosphere. Hearing hooves on cobblestone behind me, I turn to see as I adjust in the saddle.
“I don’t believe it,” Ensign Maury says as he slowly strides his horse next to me. “Mr. Wade without the stern scowl of internal disapproval so early in the morning.” He touches the brim of his hat to me for show and courtesy, but he would otherwise slap the hat from my head given the chance. “Why doesn’t the coffee have the same effect on me?” he asks, watching as the servants make their way back into the Estate.
“Because you’re a belligerent, drunken, sorrowful, self-indulgent, soul, Mr. Maury for which you don’t lose a wink of sleep over – and we all envy you for it.” He gives an asinine nod of agreement with a self-satisfied expression. The sounds of hooves and startled ‘yips’ suddenly come from someone as a horse backs into mine. Pressed together as we all prepare to move out for the ride, we were crammed for space.
“Woah – hey!” I hear the rider as they do what they can to control the animal without getting us all kicked. Our horses move out of the way while we try to keep from crushing our legs between the beasts. Turning, I try to see the rider – a woman side saddled in a top hat and blue dress – instantly recognizable.
“Mrs. Androvka,” I say easily as she regains the attention of her horse, a light touch on the tip of my hat. She looks at me – then quickly way. Maury nods to her in kindness, but when she is distracted from us, Maury looks to me quickly with a stupid expression of grief on his face.
“Ah,” she says, turning her focus. “Captain. An honor to see you again.”
The Captain’s horse takes a few steps closer to Reveeka and her horseback husband nearby. “I’m sure,” the Captain replies. “We’re glad you were able to join us this morning.”
“We?” she responds quickly, a hint of curiosity in her voice.
“Of course. With the other Officers from my ship.”
“Mmm,” she lets out tightly lipped before glancing my way. “And you were…Mr….”
“Wade…Ma’am.” I reply, not bothering to oblige any other gesture.
“Right,” she says, “I’m sorry I couldn’t remember. So many others here to meet, you know. And…” she says, looking to the Ensign. “…Maury. Wasn’t it?”
“That’s right,” I reply, ushering my horse closer and moving around the front of hers. “I would be easy to forget, not having the privilege of being first row to watch the…choreography…as last night. That was you…correct?”
The Captain clears his throat and shoots a glance of disapproval my way. Maury just watches, not really sure how to make of what was currently happening. Reveeka’s husband suddenly feels the need to intervene.
“Is this your first hunt, Mr. Wade?” he condescends. I look to him, not too bothered, but before I have a chance to respond, someone interjects.
“The fox…he means,” Reveeka offers past her shoulder to me, “but of course I’m sure Mr. Wade wishes we were hunting the Stag – then he would be completely satisfied that everyone were here for just for him.” She quickly glances at me before her husband says something snarky and leads her away. The Captain pulls his horse away from me with a huff of an expression – clearly not happy. I ride closer to Maury who still looks confused and a little aghast.
“Good Show, ‘ol boy.” Maury jests, watching Reveeka slowly ride away. “And what prompted that?…”
I look to Maury with an unconcerned expression, half shrugging a shoulder with a low sound from within me. I look to her as they ride away to join the others, turning back in my saddle a bit.
“Would you know the fox if you saw it, then?” Maury continues, a grin coming to his face while he takes up the reins and adjusts his seat. The horn sounds as the pack of dogs is let loose and runs to the front of our group before we begin to trot in a gaggle of coats, top hats, bowlers, and dresses – the event finally beginning.
For a while we trot along, the conversation light while we admired the beautiful morning. The sun still hidden behind the trees, the coolness of night beginning to capitulate to the heat of the coming summer day. We break from the road and head cross-country, the green fields lined with trees and buildings, red roofed towns below as we crest the hills, and low stone walls adorning the roadways. Horns blow and we pick up into a gallop. The sound of hundreds of hooves beating against the ground, the wind blowing past, horses breathing heavily, dogs howling and barking out in front as we wove through the countryside to try and keep up – it was exhilarating.
Standing in the stirrups, Maury and I begin to pick up the pace and slip through the gaggle of speeding horses, the two of us eager to be the first to spot the fox. We didn’t have to catch it, I just had to see it before Maury to win this round. We break away from the group as we look for the pack of dogs. Out in front are two red coated gentlemen in top hats with horns around their shoulder as they leap over a hedge. Coats flapping in the wind, horses furiously beating the ground to death below us – Maury and I look at each other and can’t help but let out a laugh. In the near distance is a woman riding sidesaddle in a blue dress, a hand on her hat as she sped along.
“YOU’RE TOO AMBITIOUS, MR WADE. I’M AFRIAD YOU’RE HOPELESS!” she shouts over the wind, hooves, horns, and dogs. I look to her, letting out a smile and laugh in her direction. Returning my attention to the green in front of us, the sounds of ‘HYA!’ and ‘HYP!’ as Maury and I heel our horses along faster. Looking back, I can see her laughing and shaking her head – obviously not impressed.
As we are led over a hill, the dogs take into the wood with the red coat leaders keeping together as they entered the trail. Watching Maury move out in front to follow their lead, I slip to the side, trying to find a way to cut them off and get a competitive edge. Riding through the woods, I dodge braches as the horse hops over low obstacles. Suddenly I find myself on a side trail, noticeably lost. I slow the horse and listen, only to hear the dogs and horns slowly pulling away in another direction.
Damn.
Turning the horse around I suddenly stop, seeing Reveeka slowing riding down the trail as she makes it my way. I have to look away from her – knowing I was caught.
“It seems you are lost, Mr. Wade,” she pries in a condescending tone, a smile and smug look on her face. I laugh and continue to look away, searching about the woods like I knew what I was trying to find.
“I wasn’t…” I reply, “…not at first.” I tug the reins and usher my horse forward, the both of us now facing each other, side by side on horseback.
“I told you it was hopeless. Don’t you listen?”
“You said it was me that was hopeless.”
She does a little applause. “You CAN hear! And I thought you just a dumb horse’s ass” she lets out with a chuckling laugh, finger tips to her chin.
There’s no reason to look annoyed at her. She couldn’t help it. It was just her way. I look around, adjusting with creaks from the saddle. “Is there something you need?” I ask. She reaches into her pocket, pulling out a small notebook with a leather strap while coming a little closer. Holding it up, she extends it my way a little.
“I believe you left this?” she says as I look to the notebook. “I considered you more cautious and calculated that that, Mr. Wane.” A smile comes to my face as I take the notebook, looking into my coat while tucking it away.
“Mr. Wade, “ I correct while adjusting my coat.
“No,” she says quietly, a smile on her face. “I know what I meant.” She reaches out and takes my coat lapel in her hand, pulling me close with a gentle kiss. The feel of her soft lips filled my mind, her perfume light in the air as it consumes me. I slowly reach for her, continuing to take in that now familiar sense of her. She drove my nerves to the ends, thinking of the terrible crime that dress was committing to her just now.
With the sound of the horn and dogs, we both turn and look to the echo. Quickly tugging on my coat again, she pulls me in for one final and permeating kiss before I pull myself away. She lets out a sound of self-frustration as she urges her horse the opposite direction. I just turn and watch her, a small smile on my face. She doesn’t turn around to look at me, but I’m waiting for it. She continues up and around – there – finally looking back just before she turns the corner and out of sight.
I move the horse along, making my way up the trail to join the group from the opposite approach. Breaking into the field, I take up a trot before catching up to the rear of the hunting party now slipping over the hill to the sounds of horns and hooves.
Reaching into my coat I pull out the notebook, removing a fresh letter tucked inside.
Clay,
For all my days, I will cherish our night. I will never forget you.
~ Veeka
35. The Heaving Roar
Convoy Security; Ulipsa Trade Route – Near Vultessa Galaxy
Aligned on the quarterdeck, Officers of the ship stand in line with the Captain and Commander as the 48 gun Argo disembarked the Rulmera Spaceport. For twelve days we will patrol ahead of the next convoy traveling along the Ulipsa galactic trade route. Our job was to provide security on the extreme right wing most vulnerable to Scavenger ships which may be near the Vultessa Galaxy. Action out that way was sparse, but that part of space was still a threat.
The Argo slowly ascends and pulls back from the port. Men stand at the ready to release sails, the engines gently hum with a dull vibration under our feet. The long, shrieking whistle of Captain’s Call and three deliberate dings of the bell – we were off. Slowly turning out and away, the Mate gives the call.
“LOOSE – SAILS!”
That part always brings a slight grin to my face. When the ship comes alive, when the men eagerly go about their duties, when the sound of heavy solar sails flop into place and begin to fill, it was a growing exhilaration that would flow through my body.
“The ship is yours, Commander,” the Captain says easily.
“Aye, Sir,” he replies, a salute with a touch to the tip of his hat and a nod to myself and the Ensigns.
“With your permission, Sir,” I say as the others scurry away. I was off to the gun deck – bound for the routine duty of preparing for what we felt was the inevitable.
“Just a moment, Leftenant,” he replies in an unhurried voice. “There’s someone we’ve taken aboard I want you to meet.” He briefly walks down the deck and away, emerging shortly afterwards with someone we had taken on since port. Not just someone – a woman – in uniform at that.
“Leftenant Commander Avistan,” the Commander introduces, “this is Leftenant Clayton Wade. Our gun deck Officer.”
“Mr. Wade,” she says, a light handshake with myself before I touch the tip of my hat in salute.
“Ma’am. Welcome. I apologize I wasn’t here when you boarded, I’m sure your duties expedited your arrival.”
“Leftenant Commander Avistan will be our Physician’s Assistant until we have a replacement for Dr. Holm,” my Commander says. He allows me to hang around a bit and make small talk with her. She said I should call her Avi as her friends do. She was in the modern space fleet services, donning a white smock over the more sleek uniform than our Corps. She was wonderful. Spirited, charming, enchanting. We spoke as if we knew each other for ages. We felt almost more like siblings than fellows. It was friendship from the start. I felt calm around her – a certain peace. Maybe the fact that she was a woman physician – a better view than the rankness of the men after a long journey – which put me at ease.
Even still – off to my duties. A light salute to her and ‘Ma’am.’ A dismissive ‘Leftenant’ from her. I took to the gun deck to see how things were coming along. Check the guns, tighten the chain, inspect the chargers – back to business.
***
Having arrived at our destination yesterday, we sailed along the void and quiet vacuum of space. With the Vultessa galaxy in the near distance, we traveled in the safety of her pink ambient glow. I was forward in the gun deck with the Gunners Mate, talking idle business when we saw the lights. Flashes of yellow flickered as a warning below in the gun deck, a paced blinking as a sign of something, anything, needing attention.
“Leftenant,” I hear calmly over the radio. The Commander on deck – something’s up.
“Be alert, men,” I say as I make my way forward to the stairs to head topside. “Mr. Mosley,” as I pass the Master Gunner. He knew what to do – just be prepared. As the men took up positions, not too alarmed yet, they went about their business. Good, brave men – all of them.
I join the Commander top side on the quarterdeck as he peers through the scope, idle conversation between he and the Mate. “There,” he points out as I look through my scope. I try to focus to where they do – sure enough, a ship. Most likely Scavenger.
“Mr. Wade,” the Commander says, waiting before reporting to the Captain. “Let’s extend the bow runners. Stand by for a measure if you would, good Sir.”
A quick ‘Aye’ and nod from myself. We would prepare to ‘measure’– fire a couple rounds from the front of the Argo to see what the enemy does – a measure of her strength. Below deck I issue orders. Front gun ports open, two massive guns hauled into place. The men heave quickly, a loud locking clash of steel as the gun snaps into firing position along with a steady hum as energy loads her shot. The Gunners Mate mutters something to the Master Gunner, difficult not to notice. The quiet is noticeable as they look to me. I try to fight it – the order hadn’t been given yet – but I capitulated to my better intuition.
“Charge the remaining guns,” I calmly order. A nod from them, an order to the gun crews, and the humming increases as the guns charge rounds though not out of their ports. I’ll deal with the ass chewing from the Commander later.
“Mr. Wade,” I hear firmly over the radio. The Commander. Good enough for me.
“FIRE!” I shout, the Master Gunner echoing. They fired on my command instead of his. They’ll deal with the ass chewing later.
The rounds burst out as a charged pulse of energy and light, landing right on target – though some distance away – where it seems all we did was piss her off. Immediately she turns, now knowing we were here to stay. Quickly she begins bursting blinding white pulses of fire and hate towards us. Though she is far away, some of her rounds make a hard effect on our ship. Pinging off the hull, some tearing through the sails – we hold on as the Argo begins to turn and increase speed. The Commander intends on closing the gap.
“RUN THEM OUT BOYS!” The Master Gunner shouts, knowing he doesn’t have to wait for my command at this point. It was happening – no hiding it now. The men shout, haul, heave as ports slap open and the remaining 46 guns slam into place – fully charged. We try to calm and quiet the men, but they are eager, ready for a fight. They shout as the guns lock, shout as they take positions, shout out the gun port in an incoherent roar. It was bliss. We couldn’t help but smile a bit amidst the fear and pending chaos.
The enemy seemed prepared to do the same, blasting and moving as fast as she could. We took some good hits, but soon she was broadside. “FIRE!” I scream, our ship shifting from the blast as we quickly maneuvered through space. The rounds ping all over her, blasts of blue and purple firing from our broadside. A swirl of the cosmic smoke from the guns billow through our deck. The guns recoil with a heaving roar – the men clamoring and hauling them back into place as they recharge. She turns and rolls over us, but we take to her quickly – the Captain sharply turning the Argo and picking up speed. This was going to be a close engagement.
Without warning, we take a substantial hit – sharp and heavy blasts all along the side of our ship. We were close, too close, when the enemy retaliated for our last bout. Holes opened in our hull. The blast carried pieces of the Argo, guns, and some of the crew from one side and clean out the other. We were in the hurt now – a clean hole through both sides of the ship. We buckle and heave, list and haul, but still too close. More of her rounds plow through us. I feel a sudden heat, a blow to the body and a smack to the face. Soon the reeling in my body stops as I feel a sudden weightlessness. Soon the wind of space billowed around me followed by a rapid sinking feeling. I was instantly aware of what had just happened…
I was blown clean out of the ship.
Falling now – I sank through the void of space as I am unable to right myself – not knowing which way is up. Feeling blood on my face and in my eye, a pounding in my chest, I strained to see where I was.
A sudden, glowing light was before me. I could feel consciousness slipping away. The light grew, coming closer now, as I felt a light squeeze on my chest. Feeling the wind around me slow, I felt my chest tighten. I struggled to see, but the blinding light was all around me. Through one eye, one not shrouded in blood, I see a face. A woman’s face – mistaken as Avi – in front of me. I was lifting – flying – floating above.
Lightly, the grip was loosening from my chest. The blinding light above me now, I feel my body slumping as time appears to have stopped. The ship was below me – silent and nearly frozen in time – pieces of her hull, mast, and shrouds floating as I slowly descended. The enemy not to be seen – not a sound to be heard. No shouts from the men. No vibrations from the engines. No flapping of sails. There was such a silence that I swore I was deaf from the explosion. Lightly, the tips of my boots touch down on the deck. Slowly, gently, my body lowers as the singeing pain is gone.
Lying on the deck I can see her, the emanating glow of white around her body, the slow flap of wings as she lowers herself closer to me. I struggle with heavy hands, with one eye the only vision, as I feel her hand in mine.
Calm. It settled over me. She leans close, hand on my chest as her face lowers to mine.
A dull sound rumbles around me. Then a pounding. Then shaking before a rumble. Quickly the shriek and pounding of the guns echo – the vibration of the ship shuddering under me. Someone is shouting. With one good eye, I see a crewman with his hands on my chest – seemingly shouting my name.
“LEFTENANT!” he shouts. “MR WADE!” Quickly they begin to pull what’s left of me along the deck – to the physician, no doubt – a streak of blood along the deck as the sudden desire to live had now overcome me.
The guns ring out as the fight continues around me. Though all of this was going on, I knew I would see the only one who could save me now – Avi.
36. Selfishly
Refit Operations; Rosmela Space Station – Orbiting Planet Opula
October 9th, 2639
Nobody liked being out in conditions like this. Just before we arrived to the Space Station, a cloud of cosmic dust passed by the nearby planet and shrouded everything in a dense, fog-like cloud. It wouldn’t kill you by any means, but the blue cloud would stick to your clothes and make it difficult to take a deep breath. Head down, hat blocking the wind, hand on my coat flapping in the gust, I made my way to the closest place I could find – a small cafe – crowded with other weather refugees.
Slipping through the packed atmosphere while shaking off the blue particles, a few ‘pardon’ and ‘excuse me’ statements later, I find a small table near the back. Everywhere I traveled it was the same glances from others. The sort of glance that wants to ask where I got the get-up. Gold brimmed cocked hat, blue naval coat with a single shoulder board, calf-high shinned boots – what many assumed as a sort of costume rather than a uniform. Some knew what it was, though most didn’t. Hat on the table, undoing a few buttons, and a hand straightening my hair tied with a black ribbon – I take a deep breath and try not to knock elbows in this cattle house.
I order some coffee, something small for the early morning, and before too long it arrives. The waitress puts a few additional things on my table before hurriedly slipping back through the crowd. I begin to protest, but I knew she wouldn’t return. The noise from other conversations, the opening and closing of doors, and a shattered glass here and there – it was difficult to concentrate. I couldn’t help but let out a little chuckle as I took a drink and glanced around – what a mess.
“Excuse me,” a woman’s voice travels to me. A stuttered, “Miss…” the voice says again. She was sitting a table away, facing me as she exercised futility in getting the attention of a waitress. Her voice was calm and soft – from her looks I couldn’t imagine it could be too much more pointed and direct. As others scooch between our tables, we exchange glances. I still had a smirk on my face from the madness, so she made a sort of friendly-yet-frustrated look to me and smiled back. She was getting nowhere, but she was beautiful while she tried.
She had a soft glow – delicate features from her cheek to her neck, a slender figure in a light dress that accented her chestnut hair and hazel eyes. It was painful to see her so nearby. If she were any more beautiful I would have to simply walk away – it’s difficult for a man to be so close to such a beautiful woman and not be able to do anything about it.
“Um,” she mouths, a quick point to some of the things on my table. “The uh…” she slips out, still a gentle gesture towards me. I hold up the small plate and cup of cream as she nods. An easy smile and awkward social gestures produce as she finally gets the message across. Taking my coffee with me, I pick up the items and slink her way, setting them on her table. “Thanks,” she says. “I appreciate it, Mr…”
“Wade. Clayton.”
October 11th
Carlene, 
It’s not like me to simply leave abruptly and so anti-climactically, especially in such pleasant company. I should have escorted you. It would do me a great favor if I had the ability to apologize in person, if it’s not too imposing. 
~Clayton
I look around the packed cafe a bit and gesture towards the other seat at her table for two. She gives a friendly gesture – an ‘of course’ sort – though I think she just didn’t want me towering over the table so awkwardly.
“Hi,” she says simply, a charming voice from a pretty smile. “I’m Carlene.” She messes with her new assortments, completing the coffee to her liking. “I don’t mean to keep you,” she continues, looking over the uniform, “you look as though you have somewhere…important…to be?” It was a statement and a question, a sort of sideways glance as she carried a confused sound in her voice. She was adorable.
“I’m part of the fleet,” I provide, not seeming condescending. “We’ve stopped here to resupply before shipping back out in a couple days.” She flips her sugar packet, tucking in her lower lip a little bit as she squints at me slightly. She’s unsure – but she goes with it. What fleet? Resupply what? Really – it doesn’t matter, does it? We got to…Space Fleet = Military. That was about the depth of what she cared about. It’s well enough.
“Your uniform,” she says as she takes a drink, eyes picking out a couple spots. I’m ready for the punch line – aaaaany second now. “It’s…umm,” she says and smiles, tilting her head to one side, “very blue.” A single chuckle and smile pops out from me.
“Tradition, I suppose.”
October 12th
Clayton, 
I’m the one who should apologize. I wasn’t sure if you had tired of my company or if I were keeping you. I’m terrible at reading signs, I guess. I felt that I rushed you away. But no, you wouldn’t impose – I think it’s a prudent idea. 
Carlene
“No, thank you,” I tell waitress as she arrives to refill our coffee. I look to Carlene, noticing she had about finished. “I’m glad we had the chance to talk. I’m sure you need to go.” She leans in her seat to see around the standing bodies and notes the rush of blue fog continuing outside.
“No,” she says, returning her gaze to me. “Actually…I wouldn’t mind a refill and maybe an order of something small? It doesn’t look like its letting up.”
“Same,” I say to the waitress as she refills our cups and away for the order. “What do you do, Carlene?” I ask, both of us messing with our coffee as we idly pass time. A bit of sugar, a drip of cream, a few easy stirs – both of us nearly in sync. She lets out a slight smile. That smile was contagious – it was impossible not to do the same. She tucks a strand of hair behind her ear and gestures before taking up her cup.
“I’m a systems analyst,” she replies. “I’m here for about a month before heading back to planet.” She takes a drink and adjusts in her seat. “Can I…ask you a personal question?”
October 18th
Carli,
Each day is more difficult than the last. It pains me to say that it is entirely your doing. Whoever brought the maxim into being regarding distance and fondness should be shamed and erased from history. I will return soon, though not sooner than I should like. 
~Clay
“No,” I said simply – no attachments. She seems undisturbed by the answer – whichever way it would have gone – but she did noticeably relax a bit. As time wore on we became aware of another excuse to refill coffee and linger – the place was still a little too busy to get up now; there would be too much traffic; let the wind blow away what little was left of the storm; once the sun sets it will be a little cooler.
Her laugh was warming, her charm penetrating. I wanted to know more about her, see more of her, but who knows how these things will really pan out.
November 8th
Darling,
I couldn’t bear myself to do it alone today. I still set out your coffee mug in the morning, hoping that somehow you would appear and walk back into the kitchen to retrieve it and join me. I sat at our spot on the balcony, that same time of morning when the sun comes up that you love so much. I looked towards the kitchen every now and then – but you never came. I miss you. Come back to me. 
Yours,
Carli
She had business to tend so – as did I – which was sure to separate us eventually. The cafe was now nearly empty, back to business as if the storm had never happened. Rising, we exchange a few kind words as one of us keeps talking – delaying the inevitable.
November 12th
Carli Sweetheart, 
I hate to admit it, but I do know something about your missing perfume. I brought it along with me, packing it in my bag when I left. I’m sorry, but I figured it best to beg for forgiveness than to ask for permission. I was able to bring you along with me after all. 
This trip has been easier to bear since we were last together. As difficult as it was to leave – watching you on the pier as our ship pulled out of port – knowing that there are nights that no one can take away from me has made this regularly mundane business that much easier. 
In my mind I see you there – sitting in my lap on the couch that early morning. The sun shining through your tussled hair, the softness of your kiss after morning coffee, the warmth of your touch brought with you from where we slept. I can still feel you near me. With the thought of soft kisses on your neck, that comfortable and pleasing sound you made as you slid closer – you’re still here. We’re still there. That morning is frozen in time. That moment will continue even though it has already passed for us. 
The days here can be long while enduring the bitter cold in the vastness of space. I’m standing here now, in my newly acquired coat, watching over the night shift as we slowly slip through the stars. The creak of the hull, a flap from a sail, footsteps of one or two coming and going – the nights here are an idle business. 
I will return soon, but I fear it may be a little longer than anticipated. Still, my first cup of warm coffee while standing on deck at the beginning of watch is yours – the thought of you warming my soul. I will return soon – until then. 
Affectionately Yours, 
Clay
Adjusting my coat with hat under my arm, I gather my things and push in the chair. She messes with her purse, returns her chair, and stands close to me as we fidget with our dress and glance around the place. She reaches into her purse and writes on a piece of paper. Pretending not to notice, I check the weather – again.
She reaches out and opens my coat a little, slipping the folded paper into a pocket – doing so as if she were invisible and hoping that no one we didn’t know would notice. No one did.
November 18th
Baby,
Thank you for the flowers. They’re beautiful. I just hope they last until you get back. The weather has turned colder since you left, as have my nights. I’ve worn your coat these past couple of nights, standing on the balcony and looking up on a clear night, checking between the stars while dark clouds slip under them. Occasionally I see a light move across the night sky and, selfishly, I hope it is you returning to me. I continue to watch as it passes, and hope, but so far it has not come true. 
Still – as I lay here on the couch writing you this letter, still wearing your coat, I know that this will find you and when it does, will bring us together if only briefly. When I read your letters, I can hear your voice. I can see your face. It hurts not being able to put my arms around your neck as you tell me about where you go, about what you do. Though, I admit, I’m not sure what all of it means – I just need to hear your voice. You were right once before, the kiss was to make you stop talking so much, but there were other self-serving motivations. 
Another final glass of wine for the night. Another stroke of midnight. I can hardly wait until you return, but you’re never getting your coat back. 
Only Yours,
Carli
Walking with her, I hold the door open as she gives a quiet smile and ‘thanks.’ We exchange a few words – good luck and all – before she turns to leave. I put on my hat and button my coat, fiddling with the cuffs as I watch her walk along, back to where she had come from on the Station. The sun is warm on my coat, the wind now a clean breeze and refreshingly cool. Two rings of a bell from a ship in the port nearby, turning my head in that direction as the sound reminds me that reality still required attention.
I begin to walk with purpose, boots sounding off the ground, coat gently moving in the wind, knowing where I need to be. A touch to my coat, I smile when I hear her folded note in my pocket.
37. The Mick
Mission Preparation; Defense Ministry Space Port #319 – Mynura Galaxy
For three days now we have been resupplying, refitting, and repairing parts of the Argo in port as we prepare for our follow-on mission. Nothing out of the ordinary – routine business as usual. The only action we saw while sailing through the Fortella System was a game of cat and mouse with a single Scavenger patrol ship. We were just keeping an eye on her, where I suspect she was doing just the same, exchanging a few rounds when they flew a little too close. Nonetheless, we had to keep a constant eye out for her or her cronies. Chasing the mouse would have wasted time and wouldn’t have done anyone any good anyways. Nothing ever came of it.
I was on deck with the Sail Master, going over all the equipment and parts the port didn’t possess for completing our repairs to standard.
A midshipman reports. “Leftenant Wade, Sir,” he says with a touch to his hat. “I’m sorry to interrupt, Sir, but the Captain is sending for you.”
“Thank you,” I reply to the midshipman, a nod to the Sailing Master and away. Straightening my hat and buttoning the coat, I make my way across the deck, down the gangplank, and onto the dock. The shadow from our ship cast a broad shadow over the dock and across nearby buildings – long, dark lines of naked masts reaching out and away.
Other ships were in the dock slips, as well, floating over the vastness of space as they are tethered off with rope and chain. Most of the ships were more modern, much sleeker than ours. They may have flown faster, moved more Sailors, and hauled more equipment, but the sight of our 48 guns protruding from their ports at full sail made others curious, even envious. It was surprising, though, to see two other Nelsonian Class sailing ships like ours in port, rare as they are. Something was likely to be up.
The Captain, Commander, and some of the other Staff Officers were in a Ministry building nearby. Whatever it was, it was sure to be routine. Making my way through the door, past the Naval flags posted outside, I tucked my hat under my arm and placed a hand on my sword hilt – limiting the sound of clinks as my boots trod across marble floors. Following the dull echo of voices, I stop just outside the doorway and stand at the position of attention – I was likely to be the lowest ranking member in the room, as it was. The Commander notices me and gives a hand gesture to enter. He appeared distracted within his thoughts. The other Gentlemen – both Nelsonian and modern fleet Commands – stand around the table and screens discussing our next mission.
“This is Commander Wrestin,” my Captain introduces. “He is assigned to the The Pulpit which we will be sailing with on this next mission.” Commander Wrestin is Nelsonian, like us, and just as much an impressive man as any in the fleet.
“Sir,” I offer him, a nod and light bend at the waist. He extends a firm handshake – strong man.
“Aye, Leftenant,” he says with a thick Irish accent, walking with me, away from the table of Gentlemen and toward the bay window. With the docks outside and ships towering nearby, we talk about what’s coming up and how it would all work. Our ships were to sail in the middle of the combat formation, prepared to fly and fight as the reserve if the action got too hot. Nods, handshakes, ‘Sirs’ and ‘Gentlemen’ all around before we were heading back to the ship. We sailed first thing in the morning.
***
“A Mick?” Ensign Maury says with a raised eyebrow and half smile as we stand on the top deck with glasses of cold beer in hand, overlooking the docks and ships as the crew continued to prepare for the morning launch.
“Right,” I answer sarcastically. “A whole ship full of them, I would guess.” We take shallow drinks and look around each in our own way. It was dark now, the stars having come out like sand tossed across a dark sheet of glass – the galaxy’s sun now a deep red hue on the aura of a planet.
“Gentlemen,” we hear the Mate announce to capture our attention, causing us to turn our heads and straightening up a little. “Captain,” he deliberately follows up. Maury and I exchange a quick look – a shrug. We leave the beers in place and put hats on straight – to the cabin we go.
“Enter,” the Captain bellows – a little formal for our liking. One last look between us before I gesture for Maury to go first. A quick shake of his head and he shoves my shoulder forward with a friendly gesture of ‘You first, asshole.’ The Commander was with the Captain as we stand side-by-side and give a quick salute. The Captain was over his desk reviewing something, the Commander standing by.
“In the morning we will fly out with another Nelsonian, The Pulpit, as you know.” An easy ‘Aye’ from the two of us. “We will be flying out a little light, it would seem.” Glances exchange between Maury and I, even the Commander is curious. “The Commander, I have recently discovered,” the Captain continues as he gestures and looks to him, the Commander looking back with an expression of ‘…what?…,’ “has begun to take ill and that his condition is likely to worsen.” Maury and I look to the Commander who appears equally confused. “Isn’t that right, Commander?”
“Uhm,” the Commander hums. Awkward silence. He feigns a cough and rubs his neck. “Yes…Sir…”
“Good. Off you go, then.” The Captain gestures as the Commander gets up and leaves. He’s worried, but he shouldn’t be. We remain standing, hats under our arm, watching the Captain.
“Maury you’ve run the gun deck before haven’t you? The good Leftenant in his prudence having trained you to an effective degree?”
“Aye, Sir,” Maury replies, a little more confidence in his voice.
“Well – with the Ensign on the guns and my Commander out, that leaves you Mr. Wade.” I stand a little straighter – Shit. I know what’s about to happen – “You will command our next mission, Acting Commander Wade. It’s non-negotiable.”
“Aye, Sir,” I respond as he hands me the blood red coat and double gold brimmed cocked hat of a Commander.
“That’s all, Gentlemen.” We salute as he returns to his work. We leave the cabin a little confused, assuming what’s happening and all. We stand on the quarterdeck and look around. Quickly Maury snatches my single gold brim hat and replaces his solid black one. “That’s mine I suppose.”
“Right,” I agree, putting on the double gold and red coat. We look at each other and let out a light laugh.
“After you, Commander,” Maury says, gesturing towards our now warmer beers.
“Leftenant,” I reply, the both of us chuckling to ourselves. We knew what was happening – and the pressure was on. Taking up the position of Commander and Leftenant, we would undergo what the fleet calls ‘The Crucible.’ What others know as Baptism by Fire. We would perform, in heavy action which is now assumed and, if we ‘save the battle,’ then we were promoted on the spot. No exams or timeline restrictions. We finish our beers – followed by three more in celebration.
***
“On your call, Leftenant,” I say in the radio to Maury in charge of the guns below. Standing on the quarterdeck, I see our ship prepared to fight.
The fight had turned for the worse and, consequently, we along with the Mick were about to be called in to plug the gap – using our intense fire and high maneuverability to delay the enemy long enough for our fleet to regroup. The action was hot on our left flank, friendly and enemy guns blasting away. My heart was pounding. The Captain is resolute at the helm. Maury gives the call below and the boys do what they do – run out the guns in a heaving and shouting roar, eager to close the fight. They scream and shout, their voices piercing to Maury below but muffled to me. Usually that would make me smile, but not this time. The Captain gives orders and I relay, shifting direction.
“Here We Go, Boys! Close the Gap!” I shout over the deck, the men up top creating sounds of adrenaline and awareness. The men below deck shout even louder. The Captain picks up speed and directs the ship, shouting orders as we bob and heave. I have to hold on to the rail to keep from tumbling. We were coming in hot, our friendly damaged ships giving and pulling away as we fly through their now disorganized formation on the wing. We can see the enemy blasting away – bound and determined to exploit her gains.
“FIRE!” Maury shouts as the forward and broadside guns all at once ring out. The deafening blasting sounds rack and vibrate the deck. We fly just under a friendly ship, pull and slide past another. Our rounds land on target, the men shouting ‘HAZZAH!’ as they reload and heave. We were on the mark thus far. I can’t help but smile a bit – pieces of the enemy flying past us and pinging off our hull as we continue to press on them.
Suddenly the blasting of guns pounds in my chest and leaves my ears ringing, my eyes stinging from the cosmic blast billowing down from above, the shadow and heat from the engines of a ship narrowly barrel-rolling over us – The Mick. Looking up, I can see her masts, sails, and deck as we are now upside down to one another. She was reloading and rotating around us, casting her shadow as one of our masts clip – sending pieces of the topmost sails flying out over the edge.
We couldn’t believe it – stunned – She’s Reckless. Damned Fools, All of Them!
Still we pressed on – flashes from exchanges of cannon going back and forth between us and the enemy, another broadside from our ship as we heaved and shuttered. Picking an enemy ship in the opposite direction of the Mick who was now making a splendid mess of our previous target, I shout orders and we turn – rounds blasting out from our bow as broadsides locked into place. We pumped a few holes as she peppered us with rapid blasts of shot – pings and dings tearing through our sails as rigging and hull take the brunt of it all.
“CLOSER NOW!” I shout as our ship picks up speed, the Captain issuing orders behind me. We close in on her and begin to come about so as our broadside can take effect.
“FIRE!” Maury shouts as we rake our rounds hot and deadly all over her, taking pieces of the enemy with our shots through the opposite side of space.
Out of nowhere, the enemy ship suddenly takes hits from its top, tearing her in two and detonating one of the halves – shrapnel, hull, and pieces explode in every direction like a grenade. We fly through the debris field we didn’t create as its pieces poke holes and sticks in us all over the ship. The Mick, suddenly roaring by as she sails by us hardly damaged, her men shouting as they reload from their recent successful shot and fly to their next target. I quickly pick out another ship and order us to turn.
“Commander!” I hear the Captain shout. I give the order again, calling below to reload the guns. “COMMANDER!” the Captain repeats. I stop in my place, our ship slowing as we pull back towards the formation for close security – the Mick still blasting away at the nearby enemy.
Heart pounding, palms gripping the railing, I look about as my eyes begin to narrow. Pieces of the rigging swayed back and forth with scraps of sail dragging along the deck. A mast creeks from the shrapnel field we just flew through. The deck was littered with pieces of us and the enemy. The hot smell of burning cosmic powder from the guns filled our noses. Eyes burned from the fumes. There are wounded being tended to on deck and below. I resume a calmness, removing my hat and straightening my hair, wiping off the sweat as a shaky hand resumes stability.
“Sir,” I say calmly with composure, turning to him with hands behind my back – catching my breath. The Captain strolls over, a hand on my shoulder and a tight grip like a father would do. The Captain looks about, back to the enemy, up and around the tatters of sail.
He knows. He understands. He would have pressed on the same. We stand there together – he patting my shoulder a few more times.
“To the convoy, Commander,” he says, knowing it wouldn’t stick. “We’ll be arriving to the outer defenses soon.” He walks back to his station, on the radio, updating the fleet and calling in a damaged status. The men wait – looking to me. Waiting. I let a few seconds lapse. Maury says something over the radio.
“Two points starboard. Close with the formation to the right flank,” I order calmly, the men taking to work with their duties. I look to the Captain who briefly exchanges glances with me before returning his attention.
He understands.
38. Saint Mauritius
Liberty; Mitlemar Lake – Planet Thera
Having finally found my stride after a solid two miles, I begin the climb of gentle slopes along the trails cutting through the woods. Crushed gravel and wind fill my ears as I extend my legs, take in the air, and feel the steady wind. Today was the first full day of liberty, kicking off what was expected to be five days of nothingness at Mitlemar Lake on my home planet of Thera. The only plan was to not think about work and enjoy the end of summer.
Steadily, I finally make my way to what appeared to be the top of the trail overlooking the lake. Sweating and sucking wind, hands holding hair behind my head, I’m embarrassed to say that I am not in as good of shape as I used to be. Below is a modest marina tucked away from the lake, surrounded by trees and cabins. Recreational, luxury, and sailboats are tethered to the dock in lines. I found an ad in the paper regarding a forty foot sailboat, the Saint Mauritius, which peaked my interest. I’ve looked through the want ads for years but never went further than circling them with a red pen.
***
Testing out the boat was a horrible idea. The wheel was sturdy, the sails were taught, and its overall condition was immaculate. I knew I was going to buy the damned thing, but I wished they would come down on the price a bit. They were very gracious in letting me take the boat for a spin to see what it can really do. Standing in cargo shorts, hair down, a simple tee shirt and sunglasses, I felt the fiberglass hull plow through the tiny waves on the lake, the slight vibrations of the wheel as we slipped along the wind. Letting out a little line here, turning away from the wind there…it was bliss. I couldn’t help but smile to myself. A few clouds had started to gather, but with that brought more wind and I wasn’t one for complaining.
We were really moving along. I say we, not just the boat and I, but because the owner insisted that someone came along to make sure I don’t wreck or steal the thing, I guess. That person was Chloe. She knew the owner and had been on the boat a few times before, but she wasn’t able to answer some of the finer questions. Still, I didn’t mind the company. Chloe was beautiful. Stunning, actually. Her honey colored hair subtly blew in the wind past dark brown eyes. If she wasn’t an athlete you wouldn’t know it by the way her swim wrap hugged her waist and the tank top clung to her body. This boat with full sails in the wind was a gorgeous thing to behold – Chloe made it look like a dump.
“So?” Chloe shouts from the cabin as I take my time perusing around the lake, almost forgetting it wasn’t mine, “You love it, right? I can tell. I know that look. It’s worth every penny, isn’t it?” She sarcastically casts with a smile, walking up the stairs and into the cockpit. She takes a seat on the side bench just in front of me.
I chuckle lightly. “A lot of penny’s,” I counter. “I’m just not sure every single one, though.”
“Oh, come on!” she jests, making herself comfortable and looking out over the water through sunglasses. “It’s basically a bargain price. Trust me, I know the owner and how badly they felt when they listed it for sale. They have to pay their mortgage off before they lose their house, poor guys.”
“Pay off the mortgage,” I say to myself, keeping my smile to a dull glimmer.
“Right,” she says, making a nodding gesture out and away. “Medical bills are expensive.” That does get a laugh out of me, looking to her.
“Those hospitals will come for your house now? Talk about thieves.”
“Hey!” she says quickly while pointing a finger at me. “Don’t contradict me when I’m telling the story. I know what I’m talking about. I’ve been there.” Hands slightly off the wheel, I show capitulation by shaking my head a little. I’m not one to accuse others of telling dirty lies. The penny discussion had come to an abrupt end, but that wasn’t he last she would hear of it.
We made idle conversation as we let the wind guide us around. It had been long enough and I had seen all I needed – regarding the boat – when we turned back. She noticed, as did I, that the clouds were still coming in and the wind was now against us. I tried to hug the shore a little closer, but without knowing the depth it was hard to get any closer for fear of hitting the bottom. The wind picks up and it starts to get serious. It wasn’t raining yet, but it would. Luckily we came upon a cove with no name – any port in a storm. She steered as I hauled down the sails, ran to the front of the boat for the anchor, and picked out a spot. She does a good job steering us, letting the wind slip us around as we came to our target area.
I look out as we begin to drift, tossing the anchor over as the long line slips over the edge, anchor sinking quickly to the bottom. The line keeps slipping over – until it disappears from the boat and into the water.
Damnit! The line wasn’t tied to the boat!
“Chloe!” I shout back. “Anchor took the line! Stay on the boat, start the engine, and idle us so we don’t drift ashore!” Removing my shirt, I dive into the water and swim after the line slowly floating away.
‘Engine,’ Chloe says to herself, flipping buttons on the controls as lights flicker on and off – nothing happens. She goes to the engine and looks for a pull string. Nothing. Her heart does flips in her chest. “Hey!” she shouts, suddenly realizing she doesn’t remember my name. “HEY! Guy!” she shouts as I continue swimming away.
‘Something, do something.’ Chloe grabs a line and ties one end to the boat, the other in her hand, and into the water she goes.
Grabbing the loose line, I turn to see her swimming towards me with something in her hand. “Hey,” I remark in a confused tone as I swim to her. We meet in the middle. I was just as shocked to see her as she was me.
“The engine didn’t start. Tie the line!” she says, quickly handing me her end. I tie the loose ends together before we start swimming for the boat. I stop at the rear of the drifting boat and look around.
“The ladder,” I stammer as she catches up to me. We look around – no ladder. The engine is still in the up position. The waves pick up a little as the boat lifts up and down. We still had time and it seems the drifting has slowed, the tied anchor lines finally catching hold. A look of panic starts to show in her face as I’m sure she was feeding off my expression. A hand on the engine, I reach out for her. She takes my hand and we just – hold on.
“Well,” I say, looking around. Her breathing was heavy – exertion mixed with adrenaline – “We’re not going anywhere right now. Don’t work too hard staying afloat. Long strokes with your legs.” She nods, holding onto me as we exchange frustrated smiles. It couldn’t get worse.
Then it started to rain.
I make a disgruntled sound as she lets out a little laugh, our breathing now beginning to calm. She adjusts her grip and puts both hands on my arm, still looking around and trying to stay away from the gentle rise and fall of the boat. A good ten minutes go by as we hope the wind will let up some, but it just gets worse. We will have to climb the engine and hope something doesn’t break in the process. Talking it over and how we would try to do it, she decides it’s best if I try. If I break it then I don’t have to buy it.
Then something happened. I wasn’t exactly sure what, but whatever it was came over us both at the same time. She puts a hand on my shoulder, I slide my hand around her waist, and we float there together. When we looked at each other, she inched closer. The calm on her face, the rain in her hair, a drop of water off of her nose, I couldn’t help but watch. She inches closer as I don’t avoid her kiss. Two strangers – in a terrible situation – having some instant connection. With eyes closed, we hold our kiss, both of us knowing it was longer than any casual thing.
The boat shifts in the water. Then comes back. Against the side of my face.
The smack broke both of us out of our spell. She makes a little scream and ‘Oh, my God!,’ looking at me wide eyed. “Ow,” I say in a single, dull voice with one eye tightly closed. No blood, so it wasn’t too bad. “OK,” I say finally while looking up to the engine. “Time to go.” 
She helps as I grab part of the engine and haul myself out of the water. We hear something near the engine pop a few times, but eventually I awkwardly make my way up and without a hint of grace crash onto the boat. Leaning over the side, I grab her hands to haul her up and over. We do a quick assessment – no blood or bruises – so we head below and close the cabin door.
We do the best we can to dry off in the cabin. Searching through a closet, we acquire a few towels and try to not get cold too quickly. Starting the generator, lights on, it was a beautiful interior. We make small talk as we continue to mill around, occasionally looking up through the windows as the skies darken, the rain and wind continuing to increase and slap against the boat.
“Hey, umm..” she begins, her hand moving in small circles.
“Clay,” I answer, the two of us exchanging embarrassed smiles and smirks.
“Clay. I’m sorry about the…” she begins, gesturing with her hand and looking away, “…back there.”
“Oh,” I counter, looking back where she’s pointing, “it’s not a problem. I can take a hit.”
Stop playing dumb. You know what she’s talking about. Saving face, perhaps – good man.
“Well…” she says dismissively, cutting her final thought short, “…yeah.”
“Yeah,” I quietly agree.
She looks at me a moment, one second longer than necessary, before turning to the counter and messing with the towel around her waist. Since this point in time I have told myself that what happened next was a reaction. Something ethereal, like instinct, which consumed all reasoning and forced me to react. A few steps toward her as she is turned away, pretending she doesn’t feel me closer, I reach out and gently pull on the back of her damp top. She doesn’t shutter, she isn’t startled, just sort of slowly stops doing what occupied her. My fingers trail along her back and shoulder before she turns her head to me without looking. She was beautiful. How I got this far without even hinting at the fact was beyond me. Someone had to give – I’m just glad it was her.
When she turned it was magnetic. The two of us no longer shy about what had happened before. In my arms, she felt soft and controlled. I felt as though I was anxious and impatient. Neither of us suddenly came to the realization that this was a bad idea. Even without much room in the boat, she still managed to raise one leg and a hop into my arms. Her kiss was soft like a breeze. Her tan skin warm under cold clothes. Suddenly aware of our confined space, I adjust her in my arms as she continues to demand my full attention. Turning, gently kneeling, I let us down easy as we take up the space on the floor between the seats, continuing to demonstrate mutual pent up frustration.
Being with her was too good to be true. She was about reciprocity – one kiss was returned by another, a touch complimented with hers. Struggling with wet clothes, we make no attempt at elegant movements – nor were we complete animals. Smooth skin from waist to thigh, calves to bare feet – she allows me to explore a little, taking her in. The scent of her hair was spring, the taste of her skin a thin lotion. As the rain continued against the boat, we took our time. Neither of us are in any rush. Her hands around my neck and chest, she fought the urge to pull herself close. The expressions she made were satisfying, like she was beginning to say something but couldn’t finish the first word. I ask if she’s ok. She just smiles and closes her eyes, pulling me closer for a soft kiss on the hard floor.
The graying skies continue to cover us in darkness. The wind moving the boat side to side, up and down on gentle waves. The rain continues in thin sheets above the cabin, creating a hissing noise that dulls the sound of our voices – the things said between two lovers that no one remembers – save for the smiles on her face and the breaths she takes. The afternoon grows darker and the wind continues. She takes my hand and we just – hold on.
The sun had begun to rise the next morning in a clear sky, but we missed the first part of it. Neither of us were quite ready to leave, so we decide to go for a quick swim – ladder down. Holding her with me as we float along still waters, clothes still drying on the boat, she says beautiful things as she holds on to me. She would talk, kiss, repeat. Constantly adjusting, she never seemed to like the grip she had on me. She whispers in my ear which makes me smile, making our way to the boat to get ready to leave.
In a couple hours.
39. The Silent Prison
Open Space – Perimeter of Galaxy 27iL
It was quiet enough to hear your own heartbeat. No one moved. No one made a sound. We just had to stay put as long as was necessary. Every exterior light was extinguished from the Argo as we float along in the silent void of space. We were buttoned up tight down below with guns charged and ready to be run out. ‘Remain calm and stand by,’ were the only orders from the Captain. Everyone was on edge, not exactly knowing what to expect next.
This all began twelve hours ago with our trail ships being attacked and destroyed within minutes of each other. Amidst the sounds of explosions, ships returning fire, and the radio loudly squelching over the net – no one really had a clue what had happened. Initially, some speculated it was a malfunction on one of the ships which caused a chain reaction, but since then we’ve determined that isn’t the case. Now we found ourselves separated from the convoy and other combat ships – all of us having scattered to the winds.
We remain still, the men crouched and holding onto their guns as one or two occasionally look around, waiting on my word to release them from the silent prison. Red lights filled the deck for some level of visibility, but essentially it was zero. We deactivated the artificial gravity to enable us to float around instead of tromping our boots all over the deck. In the shadow of an unnamed planet, having flown to a nearby galaxy to obscure our position, we let the planet’s gravity hold us in place.
A midshipman floats silently down the stairwell. There’s no need for him to come find me, I see him stop and motion with a wave. Buttoning my coat, I grab onto a rope running along the deck and pull myself along, floating to the stairwell. We remain low, keeping close to the deck as the men up top watch us slip along. Nothing – not a sound.
Up on deck, the Captain and Commander are gathered with the Signaleer by the main mast, messing with some device. Only one person spoke at a time, their voices so low you almost had to be face to face to hear. I wait before they notice me, the Commander gesturing and pulling me aside from the conversation.
“New technique,” he barely whispers close to me, “you’re radio still good?” I touch my coat pocket and nod a couple times. “I’ll key the radio once for you to come up. Don’t reply – just come. Go try the gun port hatches and open the ones that won’t creak.” A nod and thumbs up from myself, floating and slipping along my stomach to the stairwell before stopping to look around. A couple of sails had been destroyed, cut loose to keep from creating a flapping sound. Ropes and chain hanging down, the rear mast snapped in half before having gone over the side. Most of our guns were still operational, though a hard hit to the hull bent a few gun port hatches closed as well as damaged the hull, rendering some guns useless.
“No,” someone whispers aloft in the rigging. Two crewman were up top to keep watch and see – or hear – anything. “That’s not it, no,” the voice sounds again. The two men look down to the deck, having caught everyone’s attention. One of the crewmen points in the direction, causing the Captain and Commander to look through their scopes while holding onto the deck. I try to look where he’s pointing, but it’s just a cluster of stars. He’s probably right, though. He points in curved motions – up and down, then around – we try the best we can. I give up, heading down for the gun deck to open some ports.
I manage to open thirteen gun ports without issue. I turn off the red light just as a measure, the majority of crew in near complete darkness. ‘Ch-k’ the radio clicks, the Commander summoning me. My heart rate increases as I anticipate the worst, hoping it isn’t my movement topside that dooms us all. On deck, everyone is looking to one direction – of course it wasn’t in a segment I had an open gun port.
The Signaleer is holding a device that looked like a recorder, a headset over his ears. He moves the device in his hand, pointing it out into space. He moves the device up and down, side to side in smooth and deliberate motions. He stops, goes back. Does it again. White noise – he’s projecting white noise recorded from space and amplifying it as he transmits it out and away. If he moves the emitter and the noise gets louder – then it has bounced off something before it returns. He stops, moves the device up – then down – then up – and stops. He looks to the Captain.
It’s there.
A few struggle to see, but they knew it had to be right. A crewman puts a hand to his face. He can’t stop staring, his eyes wide as I’m sure he is forgetting to breathe. The Commander reaches out and touches my shoulder, looks at me, then eyes the stairs for me to head below – now. I knew what was about to happen, no need to provide the five W’s. I slide over the deck and make it to the stairs, looking out to where the others were watching.
Shaped like a dragon from an ancient artwork, its dark body curved around in a contorted position without blocking any lights from our view, twisted around within the darkness and between the stars. It remains there, still, blending in with the darkness of space. A thin line of light highlights the creatures underside – it was impossible not to stare even briefly. Even worse…it was closer than before. How did it know it wasn’t blocking any light from our view? No one knew. Whatever it was – it was some kind of monster. If any of the guys didn’t believe in monsters out in space before, then they do now.
I pass the word down below and point out the direction. I didn’t have to continue after stopping by one or two of the gun crews, everyone caught on to what was happening. The men behind open ports take hold of their ropes and chains, ready to run out the guns in a heaving roar. The men with closed ports had someone prepare to open them on command. From outside we hear something like a breeze from the end of a long tunnel…
“NOW!” the radio screeches.
The men shout as guns are hauled into place while the ship’s power comes alive. The guns slam into position and lock as the men shout and prepare to fire. The ships engines ignite and shutter throughout the ship, nearly sending us all to the deck. Artificial gravity kicks in and it sends a sinking feeling through the chest and gut, making me nauseous and dizzy. The Captain had her wide open. There was no hiding it now. Red flares fire from the tops of the masts while those on deck to point out the direction of the beast. Men shout, most of them incoherent, as we run out the rear facing guns as well as the bow runners. Full sails, most guns out – we were only going to get one good shot. The Commander shouts orders as a couple gun crews let loose blasts, hot energy billowing out – firing on their own accord and wafting the deck with a blue cosmic smoke.
“CEASE FIRE!” I shout, trying to keep the men calm. Some look around for me, most of them trying to get a good look through their gun ports. They reload as fast as they can, one of the crewmen desperate with a ‘come on, come on,’ to himself in a near panic. The ship lifts and falls, turns and weaves. It was behind us, at least. Running to the rear guns, I look out and see the large black body of the beast – appendages reaching and head opening as if to bite.
“FIRE!” I shout to the rear gunners, deafening blasts of fire and light blasting out and slamming into the rear locking position. The beast makes a screeching and vibrating sound, filling our ears as if ringing from a sudden shriek. Muffled screams come from the men above – followed by a crash on deck as the ship drops. It had smacked down onto us – hard. The ship fights for control as we turn and careen, the ship lifting as the beast slams us from below. A few men toss and bounce off the guns and walls. The ship rolls hard, our port side guns facing downwards with equipment, cables, and myself slamming hard against the wall. The men don’t wait, the beast turning and making to get away as they fire randomly. Having landed right next to an open gun port, a gun fires and nearly makes me go deaf.
The hot billows of cosmic smoke burn my eyes and fill my lungs. I struggle and try to get away, the guns now a dull echo in my head as they continue to fire amidst a background of shouts and screams. The ship rights and I roll across the floor, landing on my shoulder and what feels like a now shattered collar bone. Reeling pain surges through my body, my own screams muffled by the near deafness from gunfire.
I feel someone grab hold of my coat and begin to pull me away from the crew that was nearly stepping on top of me to reload and fire off another round. The ship violently pulls and heaves, turns and dips. Whoever had a hold of me didn’t have very good control of himself, not much less both of us. I lay there coddling my arm and trying to get a good look around, but I didn’t even recognize who had me. The ship flies straight. The firing has stopped. My ears begin to clear up a bit as I try to catch my breath.
“MR. WADE!” the man holding me shouts, “LEFTENANT! Can you hear me, Sir!?” Another helps me to my feet. My hat missing, a throbbing pain in my neck, the cold feeling of blood trickles down my arm. The ship vibrates as the engines are maxed out, an injured ship creaking and popping as the Captain pushes us away. The men are quiet, some of them helping those wounded more grievously than myself. A hesitation persists in the rear gunners looking out their sights.
A stillness along the deck.
Something like a breeze at the end of a long tunnel…
40. Her Highnesses Aide-de-Camp
Valmont Gala – Embassy Suites; Planet Dure
The early autumn night was a welcomed change. Compared to the extremes in temperature while traveling through space or being on station, this was easy. Making my way along the road toward the entrance, the wind gently blowing my coat ends, I walk with a hand to my hat every once and awhile to keep it from blowing away. The night is accompanied by the dull glow of a moon behind a cloud-filled night sky. A distant rumble of thunder rolls as the Valmont gala’s participants passed by in their cars. The transport dropped me off nearly a mile away – not expecting to hike tonight, but it’s not too far.
Dressed in my finest – blue dress uniform, waist coat, a few select medals, white embroidered high collar and cuffs, gold braid around my shoulder, and sheathed sword – I was tasked by the Ministry to represent Thera just as a show of face and a sign of solidarity between us and Planet Dure. This event was really a fundraiser for the high rollers, millions a plate, so the Ministry provided tickets which would at least get me a free meal out of it and a stay at the nicest place for the night.
As I got closer to the entrance, with valets parking cars as elegant gowns and tuxedos head inside, I try to skirt around the edges so as not to stand out too much. There were other military in attendance, but all with uniforms more modern than mine. I reach and make sure my hair is tied back with the black ribbon resting on my neck, checking to see if the wind pulled anything loose.
Reaching in my coat, I remove the pocket watch and click it open.
Damn, I’m really late.
Hopefully I could come up with a good excuse. A ‘click’ and back in the pocket, a ‘Hey there’ to a few guests I pass by. My uniform got some strange looks, but few ever asked. There was a line to get in, apparent preference for VIPs arriving. The thunder rumbles closer as those standing in line look out and up to the sky. People try to huddle closer to the entrance with most standing in the open, the awning only stretching over the entrance stairs. Still, I lift the coat collar up to my ears and button it all the way. No stranger to the rain – though I did feel bad for the other well-dressed patrons. The rain begins to fall and people gasp and clamor, shuffling into the entrance regardless of the universes’ rules on maintaining the order and discipline of the line. I let the others pass by, not stopping a smile and chuckle slipping from me as they do so.
A limousine pulls up to the building and the door flies open, two men hopping out and quickly making it for the door. They make it to cover, but looking back, the limo door is still open. I think I hear something within, so I take a few steps to steal a look. A few young women, beautiful in their gowns, had been left for dead, accompanied with angry expressions from the limousine toward the entrance. Walking to the car, I bend slightly and nod.
“Ladies,” I offer, the group of them looking to each other before one makes her way to the door. Removing my coat, I hold it over us as she trots to shelter. I return, eventually escorting all three to safety, one of the guys beginning to help, but stops short.
“Thank you so much,” one of the ladies remarks after making it inside, their shoes being the only things scathed by the danger. They point out that I’ve become wet in the process.
“It’ll dry,” I tell them with a closed smile as a single, cold trickle slides down my spine.
Brilliant.
We wait in line together under the awning, making room for others arriving. One of the ladies looks at me a moment, then away.
“Excuse me, umm…”
“Clay,” I reply, a slight nod to be polite.
“Clay,” she says, looking to her friend then myself. “Our friend Adya’s escort has not shown up. She’s trying to call her father now, but he’s not picking up. Her date had the tickets and we were hoping…” she says with a tilted head and scrunched face, “…you had another ticket or could help? Somehow?” I mull it over, looking around.
“Of…course,” I agree, looking to her, “as long as you don’t mind,” I say to Adya. She looks at me, then to her friend. Her friend relays in a different language to Adya, obviously translating. Adya looks to me and nods with a thankful look. She’s a beautiful young woman – dark skin with matching eyes, jet black hair in braids to her waist, a white smile behind thin lips.
I reach in my coat and produce a ticket. Adya thinks it’s a gesture to her, so she reaches out and takes it from me. I take it back, shaking my head a little and making a face. I present my arm to her as she slowly links hers into mine, looking curiously between her friend and I. “Tell her not to look at the receptionist when we walk in.” She translates, ticket in my hand, hat under my arm – and we wait our turn.
Finally arriving, I look to the receptionist and extend the ticket to him. Adya just looks forward, seeming preoccupied.
“Princess Adya Toledi,” I announce to the receptionist. He takes the ticket, looks at her, then to myself.
“And yours, Sir?” he asks in a polite condescending tone.
“I’m Viscount Edelson, Her Highnesses Aide-de-camp.”
“I’m sorry, Sir, but…”
“Should I send her Highness in without her aide, head military advisor, and translator to negotiate peace deals?” I say loudly, people beginning to turn their heads to hear what’s going on. “That’s what you’re suggesting? That’s where we are now, Sir?” The receptionist is a little frazzled, shaking his head, uttering ‘No…of course not’ before waving us through. Her friends smile as I escort Adya through, delivering her to freedom. Adya chuckles and gives a confused gesture. They saw what happened, but couldn’t hear. I shrug and smile, telling them it’s nothing, and hope they have a good time.
Open bar. That was my first destination. Turning in my hat and coat, I grab up a couple glasses of champagne and navigate the crowd. A little lost, I stop and look around, the dim lights making it difficult to see. A hand reaches from beside me and takes a glass with a ‘thanks.’ Confused, I stop…looking around before turning to the man in a tuxedo.
“I’m sorry?” I ask, looking at him and the young lady he’s standing with. She’s a little wide eyed, looking to him, then myself.
He takes the glass and returns his attention to her. “I appreciate it.”
“Well…” I begin, trying to make sure I’m not crazy. “I’m not a waiter.” The man now with a surprised look.
“I’m sorry,” he says, at least a little embarrassed. “Please forgive me.”
“It’s ok,” I say shaking it off, setting the other glass down on a nearby table. I stand there a little longer, looking at him before noticing her expression – still a quiet look of surprise on her face, her lips slightly parted. The gentleman is stoic, quiet before turning to me.
“Is there something myself or Sheila can do for you? I’m sorry before when I –”
“Shayla,” she interrupts, again looking at me. She’s beautiful in a sea-green gown, amber hair up right, mocha tapetum eyes reflecting low light behind her makeup, a single blue tattoo on the hand holding her glass.
He talks just to fill the awkward silence, not much room to get a word in edgewise. Shayla and I just listen to him as he goes on about himself. Finally he cedes to social decorum – sort of.
“Who did you get stuck escorting?” he pries.
“Stuck escorting?”
“Sure. This isn’t exactly the sort of environment regular Army…guys…are accustomed to, right?”
“I’m not an escort.”
“You’re not an escort, you’re not a waiter…ok, ok. I’m the CEO of EstraCorps. I’m sure I’ll be able to get a word with the dignitary speaking here tonight. Got some business with his country. You do know the dignitary I’m talking about, right? Or…no? I don’t mind introducing you to him when I do, Shayla. How much did you say you make, Mr….?”
Shayla lets out an ‘umm’ behind pressed lips while I contemplated what this guy would look after being exposed to a bout of minor trauma, but I let it go. Without getting a word across, I hear a familiar voice.
“Clay?” the woman from the rain soaked group asks. “Can I steal you a moment?” I nod to her politely, back to Mr. Edgewise. “Sheila,” I say nonchalantly, Shayla letting out a little huff while frustratedly watching me walk away.
I’m led through the crowd to a table near the front of the gala. We stand and wait while a few gentlemen talk with an older man, turning when they notice us standing there.
“This is Helebdi Oreya. Adya’s father. He’s this evening’s honored guest, a dignitary visiting Dure.”
Mr. Oreya gives a little nod and says some words, the woman translating.
“It’s an honor, Sir,” I say to him, thanking him for coming to Dura. He thanks me for helping Adya, looking to her as she listens along with her friends.
“Of course, Sir. I was just in the right place, that’s all,” I reply, a light bow between us before a handshake. They invite me to sit with them next to the head table, asking if I brought anyone with me tonight. Adya sits next to me through the evening. We laugh at the jokes, applaud the speakers, and stand when Mr. Oreya takes the podium. It went pretty well.
***
Outside there was a chill, a light autumn wind gusting up every once and awhile.
On – Off. The lights outside the building turn on and off, creating light and darkness. Light…and dark, her eyes flickering a quick mocha shine every time the lights came on. Standing some ways away from the building entrance, my arms around a coat and sea-green gown, we gently sway side to side with my chin on the side of amber hair. Nowhere to be. Shayla flips her hand and the lights turn back on. We stand there together, wishing I had my coat back. A smile comes to my face.
“Do it again.”
Shayla lets out a chuckle and flustered huff, flipping her hand twice. Off-On. As guests would depart, they look around quickly as the lights came and went, confused but not alarmed. On their way.
We watch the entrance, both of us kind of peering to make sure we see what we see coming down the stairs.
“Is that him?” I ask. Shayla nods a few times as we watch Mr. Edgewise trot down the stairs to his valet assisted ride. Near the bottom, Shayla flicks her hand and the lights go out, sending him tripping down the last couple stairs, into a puddle of water, taking out the valet, face first into the car door with a fiberglass ‘thud.’ Shayla lets out a tiny shriek of laughter before covering her mouth.
“Oh, geeze…” I say through my teeth as I grab her waist and turn us around. Shayla keeps trying to conceal her laugh as I pick her up in front of me and carry her away from the scene of the crime.
“I didn’t mean to!” she gets out between that loud laugh and snort she does, trying to contain herself, “I swear it…” She covers her mouth and tries to contain her laughter, but she’s always terrible about that.
“Just tell me if I’m about to trip over something, sweetheart. I can’t see a thing.” I carry while she chuckles, both of her hands on my arms, her dress dragging a little on the wet ground. “Can’t take you anywhere…”
41. Remnants of Sauvignon
Refit Operations; Eur’Merik Space Station – Orbiting Planet Nineve
We finally made it to our dock after hours of orbiting and waiting our turn to land at the always busy Eur’Merik Space Station. It wasn’t one Station, per se, but rather a few disconnected ones all within a transports trip away. This was the ideal place to refit our ship after nearly three weeks on mission. As per the norm, luck wasn’t with us when things got their hottest against the Scavengers. Lines were shot away, a couple sails missing, stress and frustration served in their typical portions. I planned on getting lost on Eur’Merik. I was given twenty-four hours to just disappear before taking over refit from the Commander.
Uniform stashed away in my ward, showered, changing into a suit sans coat, black vest and tie, hair down and clean shaven – I had somewhere to be. Some of the guys cat called me as I disembarked, Maury asking what party he was missing. I gave a half smile, just telling him I’m meeting a friend at a nice restaurant tonight. He continued heckling me over the railing even as I disembarked the ship.
“Have fun on first watch!” I shout back, an overnight bag slung over my shoulder. “I hope everything goes wrong!”
Maury yells something in return, but I’m too far away now. Mentally I was even further away than that. Onto a transport and away to Eur’Merik’s commerce district – vindicated as the ship’s naked masts fade further from view.
***
I picked the place for the view that they advertised. A nice restaurant, tucked away in a building deep in the city overlooking the Station’s streets below. It was more of a jazz bar than anything, but the music was nice, the lights were low, and nobody knew me. I reserved a table by the window, having ordered drinks and just kind of – waited. She may not have shown, but I wouldn’t know what to do if she didn’t. Maybe I shouldn’t wait any longer…
“This way, ma’am,” I hear the hostess say, walking my way while concealing who was behind her. I stood when she arrived, a little unsure what she may say. She was gorgeous, much more so than I deserved. Her name was Candice. A light blue dress to the floor, thick brunette hair curled in spirals with naturally tanned, dark skin around matching, almond shaped eyes – she was stunning. I had suddenly thought I should have cut my hair. She thanks the waitress and looks to me. I walk around the table and pull out her chair, helping her sit, a light ‘thank you’ from a kind and soft voice.
“I hope you don’t mind. I took the liberty of ordering some wine ahead of time,” I say, pouring her a glass.
“No, it’s fine. I’m sorry I’m late. Traffic was terrible and the transport got held up.”
I make a face and shake my head politely. “Not a problem. I’m just glad you were able to make it.” Before long we ordered something small, finished a bottle of white wine and had a wonderful start to the evening. She laughed at my jokes, chuckled at my dry sarcasm, and did this slow thing with her fingers while fidgeting with her wine glass. She asked what I did and I told her, she seeming to follow along really well. After a couple drinks, it was hard not to notice the curve from her cheek to her neck, gently sliding to a slender shoulder and the curve in the middle of her chest. Her voice was soft, her conversation warm, and her energy contagious. She was wonderful.
The place wasn’t too terribly busy, the lights turned down low, so when a nice song came on I asked if she wanted to dance. She looked around the place a bit – no one was dancing, there was no room for dancing at any rate.
“Sure,” she says with an easy smile, standing and allowing me to lead her by the hand. In the corner by some empty tables, few patrons in the place as it was, the waitress just let us be – no alarm for such a harmless thing. As we swayed, she slowly pulled herself closer to me, sliding a hand over my shoulder and resting it on the back of my neck, playing with the ends of my hair. She looks at me, her face aligned with mine, those dark brown eyes soft and captivating. I look to her lips and she notices, but just lets me be. I make small talk as we slowly sway and turn, inching close to rest my cheek on hers. She doesn’t show any signs of objection, just closes her eyes and feels me there. She comes closer, wrapping an arm over my shoulder.
As the evening wore on, we decided our welcome had worn out. I help with her coat, leading her out of the restaurant and out into the night covered streets. As we talk, she wraps her arm around mine, her other hand interlocking fingers, pulling herself close as we walked and talked about things of no real importance. Her curled hair blew in the wind, the smooth silkiness of her voice slipping into my mind. I liked her immediately – there was nothing not to like. She held my hand tightly, occasionally feeling her fingers roll in my hand or play with mine. I could feel her intent to be, and a growing feeling within me, closer and speak softer than casual acquaintances normally would.
Not far away, I found a decent enough place for the night in a suite overlooking the Station – small balcony, multiple rooms, a full kitchen and small bar. When we arrive, she makes herself comfortable, placing her coat over a chair and her purse on the island. I turn on a few lights, allowing the night to illuminate through the window as the wind whistled past. She grabs a couple wine glasses and selects a cold bottle before noticing I had started a pot of coffee. She pauses, glasses and bottle in hand. A little smile grows on her face.
“I just thought…” I begin, undoing my tie and loosening a couple buttons, “…maybe it would be good to remove some of the chill from our walk.”
She sets the long stems on the table, a slightly surprised smile on her face, and walks over to me. “It’s perfect,” she says, helping me remove my tie and undue a few more buttons. “A great idea.”
Gently, she leans forward with a light and tender kiss. She made it seem passé between us, though the feeling was so new. Her touch was welcoming, her scent inviting, her taste unfamiliar. She kisses softly, the muffled sound of the outside, the orange-yellow lights reflecting off her hair, the moonlight’s hue accentuating the curves of her face and shoulder. She kisses softly, unbuttoning my vest and letting it fall. I slide my arms around her waist and pull her close – a low and happy sound from her as one side of her mouth curls to a smile. I slide my hand along her back and feel the zipper of her dress, beginning to pull down before stopping after a few inches.
She kisses my neck, her hand sliding easily over my chest. “It’s ok,” she whispers against my lower lip, pressing herself closer to me. I hold her there, a few more inches having passed by.
“I need to know your name,” I say to the distance behind her, passing over the smoothness of her hair. I can feel her stop focusing on what had previously held her attention. She doesn’t pull away, just stands there with me. Her hand goes to my face, pulling me in for a soft, firm kiss.
“Candice,” she says as if telling me for the first time. She gently pushes against me, leading me backwards before easing me down to the couch. Slowly, she slides her legs beside mine, unzipping her dress the rest of the way. I lean up into her, a hand sliding the dress from one shoulder and letting it fall along her arm. The taste of her soft skin was scented lotion, her lips remnants of sauvignon, her breathing increasing with the rise and fall of her chest. 
Where I touched – she exhaled. Where I roamed – she firmly held. She slips the dress from her other shoulder, gently pulling it forward and letting it fall. She could feel my pace, she could sense my timidy, and in such a short time she could time my actions. She knew me already – for that I felt predictable, suddenly not happy with what I had done. She stops, feeling the change in my mood.
“Hey,” she softly says, her hands taking my face and looking to her. That curled hair falling beside her face, those lips inviting, her eyes and voice sincere. “It’s ok,” she says, “you can take your time. There’s no rush.” She looks one way in the near darkness of the room, then the other. “We don’t have to, I don’t mind. Seriously.” She leans into me and wraps her arms around my head and body, her cheek resting on top of my head – “Just tell me.” I hold her there in the darkness, neither of us saying a word. I feel my arms wrap around her as we gently sway side to side, my face in the curve of her neck. She understands, she knows what’s going on.
Later that night I awoke to a sound from the kitchen. I didn’t have to check the time to know it was late. Bare footsteps softly make their way back into the bedroom, watching her walk in, not wearing anything the dress couldn’t conceal.
“Sorry,” she says. “I needed something to drink.” She slips back into the sheets and curls up next to me. Her head on my shoulder, hand on my chest, she lets me run my fingers through her hair. I kiss the top of her head while resting my hand on her flowing curls – the feel of her soft body warming us as she wraps her leg around mine. She kisses my shoulder and neck – just being polite and affectionate. We sleep until the light begins to grow in the room, turning the place from the blue of darkness to the red-yellow of morning.

She grabs her things and prepares to leave, finding her purse as I follow her to the door. We exchange a few words to be sociable. She can tell I felt awkward. She opens the door and stops, turning to me with a knowing expression.
“Hey,” she says softly, “maybe…maybe if you’re around in the future you can find me? Maybe if we met again?” I nod to her, but more so to myself.
“I’d like that,” I reply, a hand on the door and a step closer to her. “Candice.” She looks to my face, doesn’t correct me. “Maybe next time not so formal,” I offer with a closed lip smile. She smiles back, leans in, and kisses me on the cheek before turning to leave. I close the door after her and walk to the balcony. After a while, I see her leave the building below, walking to where she needed to go. I look around, wondering if anyone saw me there.
No one I knew was around, so why did I feel so ashamed? Inside, I get ready to leave and prepare to travel back to the ship. I was to be on watch before we made sail. They’d ask how it went and I’ll probably lie, as much as I already do to myself anyways.
42. Greening Copper
Ministry Conference; Halovek War Memorial – Planet Salivre
This would be an easy day. Having been tasked to attend a regularly occurring Ministry Defense Conference on Planet Slivre, the most I was expected to do for the next twelve hours was provide a synopsis of what Thera had us doing, the sorts of missions we embarked on, and how I felt about the state of the fleet. These sorts of things were really for statesmen and academics. The military were more like guests expected to simply intermingle. The Argo was on a routine escort mission through tomorrow anyhow, so there was nothing to miss.
The early morning was a welcome site on this planet. A blue moon lingers as dawn creeps over the horizon, two nearby planets exchanging places in the sky as this world completed revolutions. The weather was changing quickly, though, requiring my coat to be buttoned as the chill of night would linger until late morning. A gentle breeze, I tap my hat down a little tighter. Boots on concrete stairs, a hand on my sword hilt to keep it from clanking, I trod up to the front of the memorial. A massive affair – both sides lined by trees and kept gardens, a reflection pool the length of the walk undisturbed but by the wind, statutes and archways leading to the main building.
I opted to bring coffee along. Something being required to take off the chill. Having stopped for a quick bite at a little place by the hotel, I filled the largest cup I could find and began my walk. This time of day was peaceful. There was something incredible about the morning. It’s as if I get to start over again with each sunrise, like there’s some secret to seeing the sun come up on the horizon, telling me some tiny piece of wisdom that no one else gets to know. I don’t feel any wiser, but I do feel better.
A few people are coming and going at this hour, though. Mostly those attending the conference, some of them families, and others just living their lives. As I walk, one memorial catches my eye – the greening copper statue of a sailor hauling a line. I stop and look over the details of the strong young lad heaving a line to nothing. The look of grit and determination on his face, muscles strained, shirt undone, half bent over in his determination to accomplish the task.
‘Hmm,’ I mutter to myself, ‘that could be any one of us.’ It was a strange feeling, standing there as others passed by. I couldn’t pull myself to leave. I began to miss the ship for some reason. ‘You’re indoctrinated,’ I tell myself. ‘Institutionalized.”
Finally, I take one last look before a drink of half-empty, lukewarm coffee. I walk along the red and orange trees, under another archway leading along the path. A small group passes by, myself having to step out of the way a bit before I stop – compelled to cease moving – a burnt red color announcing its presence in front of me. Slowly I walk closer, the burnt red pea coat standing in the walkway. Beige pants, black scarf, dark chestnut hair falling to her shoulders. She had a light smile on her face, like she knew how surprised I would be to see her there. She was right.
I can’t help but let out a little smile as I continue towards her. She stands there, patiently waiting. When I finally make it to her, she lets a smile emerge.
“Hi, Clay,” she says with that little laugh escaping before smiling that small smile she does. Her skin was still smooth behind that signature red lipstick.
Suddenly my heart races and she can sense it. I reach up to remove my hat and place it under my arm – “Alyssa” – that’s all I can let out. She reaches out and taps my hat.
“Don’t do that,” she says, gesturing to my head. “Put it back on. For goodness sake, Clay.” She chuckles a little, but I know she’s serious.
“Right,” I reply, not knowing what words to follow with. I fumble through the next few before stopping to take a deep breath. I look around as others pass us by, the sun still rising, the trees gently blowing. I look to her – those warm, almond shaped eyes, that silky brown hair, her hands aching to be held. “How long are you here?”
She shrugs and puts her arms, looking around before turning back to me. “I’m not sure,” she answers. “I’m thinking just a little while. No need for me to stay, really.” She reaches out her hand and raises an eyebrow – clearing her throat before an ‘A-hmm.’ I smile, forgetting myself, and extend my arm. She takes it willingly, the two of us slowly walking along the concrete path together.
“I’d almost thought you forgot your manners, Mister Wade.”
I chuckle to myself, a smile on my face. “Only when caught off guard. You of all people know that.” Her arm firmly latches onto mine, hand gripping my coat sleeve. She reaches and takes my coffee, a long and deliberate drink before making a satisfied sound.
“Mmm,” she lets out, “that’s good. You always knew how to make a crappy cup of coffee taste decent.” We continue walking, myself in a euphoric state, just glad she’s here. I look around, keep glancing up to the graying sky as she notices. She tugs on my arm to bring me back. “Hey.”
“Hey. Yeah,” I echo while looking to her face, she allowing me some time to go over her features. I stop as my face softens, hers turning to a look of concern. “Allie,” I begin, voice cracking a bit, tears welling up in my eye.
“Don’t,” she says, taking my hand in hers. “Nothing’s wrong.”
“I know that,” I assure, “if there was then I know you would let me know.” She nods, trying to fight back tears herself. She reaches up and gently wipes mine away. “It’s ok,” she says, “I just needed to tell you something.” My face eases, a small sound due to my own embarrassment and temporary loss of control. I clear my throat, a deep breath, and regain composure – looking around to ensure no one had noticed my lapse.
“There,” she says with an easy smile, “there’s the calm and collected Leftenant I know.” We resume our walk while she talks, telling me what she needed me to know. I was relieved, the news welcomed during this time. Things had been difficult, doubts had been raised, stress in no short supply. We continue to walk.
“…That’s good to know,” I tell her, a smile and laugh from myself, herself smiling as she fed off my emotions.
“I knew you would like to know that. You shouldn’t worry about those things, Clay. I know you do and it keeps you up at night. Just trust me, ok?”
“Ok,” I say, pulling her arm tighter against me, not wanting to let her go. She stops walking, turning me toward her.
“Hey, you,” she continues, “and stop going so hard when you’re exhausted. By that time you’ve always accomplished enough. Just – get some sleep, yeah?” She looks around before toying with my coat buttons.
“Stay,” I tell her, both of us knowing she won’t as she makes a face. I had to try, though. I can feel her leaving already. “Alyssa,” I say, trying to keep my voice from cracking. “I still love you.” She lets out a chirp of a laugh and smirk of a smile as her eyes begin to tear up. “I don’t want you to leave.”
“I know. I love you, too.”
She takes a step and hugs me, feeling her arms wrap around my waist, myself pulling her close with fingers in her hair. There was no point in feeling alone, just to take her in. She pulls away from me slightly, wiping away the watering below her eye. I run a hand through her hair and let out a smirk.
“What?” she asks with an uneasy smile returning to her face.
“Can I see it?” I ask. She wipes her cheek and shakes her head.
“No,” she says firmly, looking out to the water. “It’s not some trick, Clay.”
“Please? For me? Does it really break any rules?”
She lets out a little huff of frustration and shoots a stern eye to myself – she knows she won’t deny me at this point. She looks to my coat before closing her eyes. She sniffles from the half crafted tears, a deep breath before slowly exhaling. Both hands on my arm, she stills, her breathing low as color returns to her skin.
Slowly the light appears, a gentle aura around her body, a ring of deep gold glowing and emerging above her head. It’s impossible to look away, not to be in some state of reverence. I have the desire to reach out and touch it, but the sense to know better. She slowly opens those brown eyes and looks to me, the gold ring moving above her as she does. The light illuminates the space between us in a deep gold, a gentle and calm sense now cast over me. Small specks of light fall from the halo, easily slipping past her and to the ground.
“I’ll be here. Ok?” she says, leaning up and kissing me on the cheek.
Her light fades, her warmth dissipates, her glow disappears. The world returning to me now, my eyes adjusting before looking around. Clearing my throat, I look to others passing by who have suddenly seemed to notice my presence. The wind passes gently through my coat, coffee nearly cold, clouds passing by as a ray of light slips out and warms me along the walkway before fading behind clouds once more.
I look to the sky, a deep breath, tapping down on my hat, and away to my task – still feeling her there.
43. Denying Arabella
Admiralty Protocol; Charmagne Estate – Planet Justia
There was little room to move as the four of us were crammed in the carriage. The Commander beside me, Ensign Maury’s boots interlocked with mine as horses cobbled and carried us along, I look through papers and folders to make sure I have everything. The Captain made Maury, poor bastard, hold all of our hats as we rode along – appearing more a tailor’s boy than Fleet Naval Officer. Yesterday we arrived on Planet Justia in support of a Defense Ministry Consortium, our job being split between representing planet Thera and acting as attache to Admiralty officials – which was my primary task.
Outside, the weather had a nipping bite, coats and gloves being drawn for the swift onset of the snowing season. This early morning was blanketed with a thick gray fog that clung to the windows. Cavalrymen from the Therean Royal Guard trotted along with us, more a show of tradition than anything, their heavy hooves clapping on the road with their riders adorned with tricorn hats, sabers, pistols, and shined knee-high boots. The Guard was definitely an impressive bunch.
“No sense of the destination, Sir?” I ask while shuffling through papers, making sure I’ve got the information right. I hated referring to paperwork in front of Commanders and officials, so I did my best to memorize it before we arrived.
“Nothing,” the Captain says, steadying himself as we bump along. “The Admiral’s aides should arrive tonight. You’ll have tomorrow to receive and brief the Admiral on his schedule and roles during the Consortium. Just let the Ministry know if there are any issues, Clay.”
“Aye, Sir,” I reply, putting the papers in order before bumping against the Commander – again. Maury does his best not to crush our hats, using elbow and head to brace himself when we hit the bumps. “I love traditions,” I jest, “but no one loves them more than Maury.” This gets a chuckle from the Captain and Commander.
‘Mmm,’ Maury grumbles in a sound of discontented misery.
The carriage slows to turn along a dirt road lined by trees and hedgerows. We strain to peer through foggy windows, but ahead is a large estate building flanked by fountains and statues. Three stories tall with balconies and pillars – it’s an impressive residence. The Commander lets out a low whistle as we, minus Maury, get a good look. “Lucky…dog,” the Captain says, “and I volunteered you for this mission, Mr. Wade. Damned foolish.” There was no one outside, but a single light illuminated from the ground floor.
Pulling up to the entrance, the footmen open the carriage as I squeeze out, another footman snatching my hat from Maury while he protests with a ‘Hey…’
“We’ll be back on the second morning to pick you up,” the Commander says as he makes Maury go sit with the Commander. “Call if you need anything – and good luck, Leftenant.” My bags unloaded, hat on straight, a nod from a cavalryman. The sound of a quick ‘Hya!’ carts the Captain, Commander, and Maury off to their destinations.
Grabbing my bags, I make my way to the door before it is promptly opened by the butler. I introduce myself and he sees me in, some of the guests having already arrived. I look around, but I appear to be the only military on site. Hat under my arm and a ‘thanks’ to a footman taking my bags, I admire the bright lights, intricate architecture, decorative woodworks, and scenic paintings along the walls.
Bags on the bed, I open the double doors leading to a balcony overlooking open fields and gardens. The sun was creeping over orange and red trees, turning leaves into bright and burning colors mixed with yellow rays of sun over dew covered grass. It was perfect. Bags away, hat under my arm, I make my way downstairs to see what I could find.
Grabbing a bite from the kitchen, I carry coffee and saucer amidst a few guests enjoying the morning. In the drawing room, guests linger, sit, and talk with some of them seeming to know one another. Along the walls are waist high pillars, most of them displaying objects of white marble – an open book, a church, a telescope, a bouquet, an equestrian helmet and crop. They were such random objects that it was hard to look away. Slowly turning, without noticing, I bump into someone who had apparently been doing the same. My coffee spills on my saucer and hand. There’s a gasp and ‘Oh!’ from the woman followed by a fumbling before we stop moving altogether.
“My apologies, Ma’am,” I assert, keeping coffee dripped fingers away from her and myself.
“That was all me,” she says, seeming to have escaped the hot liquid. “I’m so sorry. Here, allow me.” She walks away momentarily, a towel from a footman who follows to assist.
“Sorry about that, Sir,” the footman says, wiping the hardwood and my boot. “I’ll grab you another.”
“No, that’s ok,” I reply, but it’s too late. The lad is already away on his task. Thanking her for the cloth, I set the cup and saucer down to dry my hands. She keeps apologizing, but she was just being polite. Her name was Arabella, truly a gorgeous woman with natural beauty – long and dark hair, light brown eyes gleaming softer in the early morning light, a comfortably fitted auburn sweater with slacks and heels – she was no stick figure model, possessing the right shapes and curves a woman shouldn’t be without. Her presence put me at ease, though I feared her absence would have the opposite effect.
“So these are yours, then?” I ask, referencing the marble creations along the pillars. A random guess. She smiles and nods, talking a few points about one or the other. “That’s impressive,” I add. “So this place is…yours.”
“I’m a mistress,” she says before turning her attention to somewhere in the room.
Hands behind my back, I quickly turn my head to her, hearing the footman returning with coffee.
“Sorry for your wait, Sir,” the footman says, helping me with sugar and cream. I thank him and he leaves, returning my attention to Arabella.
“I’ve been the mistress of the estate since my parents left it to me a little over a decade ago,” she continues, using light brown eyes to capture and hold me hostage.
“You’ve done a wonderful job maintaining it. I only wish I could be so lucky.”
“Maybe you will get lucky. Excuse me please,” she says, turning and leaving with a hand to my wrist. I watch her leave, slightly ashamed of what exactly caught my attention as she did so, suddenly aware of the need for myself to resume some semblance of respectable posture. I suddenly felt a little uneasy, a little lightheaded after she had gone. I turn my attention to some books on a shelf – it’s not helping.
I spent most of the day doing my job and doing it well. Receiving the Admirals attache, making polite company. I did my best. The long day had drained the get-up from my step, finding myself running on fumes by this point. Arabella hadn’t been around, busy I’m sure, but after dinner she made an appearance in a honey colored dress while making small talk with the guests. The dip in the dress was obvious, making her necklace the star attraction.
“Mr. Wade,” she calls while making her way over. She grabs two glasses of wine and offers one while drinking casually. She crunches her brow a little, leaning closer. “Can I tell you the truth?” she says in a joking whisper. She inches closer, pressing herself against me a little while playing with her necklace. “So many people waste their time on idle gossip and nothingness. There’s so many better ways to use one’s oral talents, don’t you think?” Before I could process, not much less respond, someone calls her away. She says she’ll be return…but never does.
***
That night was maddening. Lying in bed with moonlight peering through curtains, I tossed and turned for a good hour before feeling tired.
‘This is useless,’ I tell myself, my mind filled with edges of a dress. Walking to the window, I overlook the moon swept field, the dark gardens below, something appearing on the edge of the woods and catching my eye. I watch as the figure moves, easily walking along the rows of flowers and the fountain, stopping just short of a bench. I try to look, but it’s difficult to see. I could swear it’s a woman – though not a dress – before I turn back and lay down.
Necklace – that’s all I see.
At the darkest time of night, in the quietest room, I drift away with the sounds of her voice in my mind. The sheet gently slides down to my waist, the feeling of fingertips on my back causing me to quickly turn over. Arabella’s stocking-clad leg slides across me and onto the bed. She leans forward with long hair falling on my chest as she softly plants lips on my ribs. I reach and run a hand through her hair, moving it out of the way to see that round face. Her scent was the chill of midnight, her touch the difference between skin and lace, her sound shallow breaths of anticipation.
I almost resist, that feeling you get when not knowing how far some things will go, before she grabs hold of my hand and wraps my fingers in the top of her corset, allowing me time to exploit the temptation while she slides her body on top of mine. She runs my hands from her neck to her curved waist, the soft feel of my fingers wrapping around exposed hips and tugging at the thin elastic band. Arabella leans back and lets her body settle on mine. Denying Arabella at this point would be self-torture, knowing that if I didn’t have her, I would never sleep again. Her voice from behind closed lips fills my mind…
‘… Clayton,’
Quickly, I sit up in bed, though alone. Heart racing, my head a heavy pounding, a cold sweat flowing over me – I look to the balcony doors, forcing myself to stay in the sheets.
***
The next day was excruciating. I got through the day of receiving the Admiral as I should, my best uniform with gold epilates, white embroidered collar, medals on my chest – I represented well, but evening drinks were more than welcomed and long overdue. Arabella was nowhere in sight. I asked around for our hostess, the self-proclaimed mistress, but no one seemed to know.
By the time night fell I was completely drained. I had no pallet for eating. If I had a desire for any taste it was one I suddenly wasn’t able to acquire. I take my drink up to my room, standing on the balcony whilst occasionally looking to my closed bedroom door – somehow hoping she would walk through.
In the garden – There! – a shape along the tree line. I scuttle down the stairs, race out the back door, and run into the light fog of the garden’s darkness. Heavy footing, heart pounding, I reach out and touch her on the shoulder.
“Arabella,” I say definitively, she turning to me in a long coat with hair over one shoulder. I stop, allowing her to reach out and touch me on the chest, pulling me closer as she nears and presses her cheek against mine. That speechless voice returns and slips into my mind…
‘Clayton,’ it sounds as my heart slows, though a heavy pounding as it beats. My tastes become midnight, my breaths shallow and weak. I feel myself become heavy, arms forced to my side and legs collapsing. On my knees, I try to reach out for her, but the weight of my body forces me to my back with legs contorted underneath. In an attempt to scream out from the pain – my heart stops, my vision fading as I feel her hands on my face, seeming to pull me up to her with ease.
***
“Clayton!?” the Commander shouts from outside the estate, standing next to the readied carriage and mounted cavalry in the twilight of morning. They pile out and begin to look around, a single light coming from the ground floor. They walk to the entrance and open the door, the darkness inside permeated by stale air. The furniture is covered with cloth. The windows are shuttered. The rooms occupied only by shadow and silence. A light emits from a lamp in the hallway. 
“Clay!” the Captain’s voice echoes through empty halls, bouncing off bare walls and over dusty stairs.
Maury walks into the drawing room and does his best to look for anything or anyone – passing by a book, a church, a telescope, a bouquet, a crop, and an anchor.
44. Feigning Oblivion
Post-Wedding Reception; Maratela Bay – Planet Kluretra
Waking up any time before five a.m. is an ungodly hour. I do a fairly decent job convincing myself that I’m handling it well, but it still takes a good while to reach full consciousness. A pot of coffee, a quick shower, and to the closet – I somehow manage to coherently put myself together as I prepared to leave. A shave and a sweatshirt, keys and coat, I pour two coffees to-go and make my way outside to start the car. The world was still asleep as a light wind from the bay carried salty air past the house we were staying at for the past three days.
Myself and others I knew had been invited to the wedding of a mutual friend on Planet Kluretra along the beautiful Maratela Bay. Miles and miles of rocky coastline stretched up and down the peninsula dotted with lighthouses, condos, and rental houses. We pooled our money together to put a few couples in one house. Not that it mattered – most of our effort was spent preparing for the wedding and spending extra time on the coastline. My mission this morning was to drop off Nanami at the spaceport to catch a ride off-planet. She liked to leave early and, with myself being more familiar with the port, everyone unanimously voted for me to drop her off. It was prudence, they said. That…and they could nurse their hangovers for a few extra hours.
Car started, coffees in holders, I go inside to see how she is coming along. Nanami sets her bags by the door and puts on her coat before taking one last look around to make sure she has everything.
“Hey,” she says in a hushed tone and easy smile. Her long, red coat was a contrast to her black pants and shirt, signature high heels, and diamond earrings. With shining, straight hair past her shoulders and almond shaped eyes, prominent cheeks of soft skin, Nanami’s elegant presence had a way of putting men at ease. Being around her was like noticing something for the first time that had always been around but you, but you just…never really noticed until now.
“Morning,” I reply while reaching for her bags. She doesn’t try to stop me, just grabs her purse and finishes her coffee. “All ready?”
She smiles easily and nods her head, running a finger to tuck hair behind an ear as she follows me out the door. Bags in the trunk and strapped in, I put the car in gear and slowly turn us out.
“Thanks for doing this,” she mentions as if she thought I would protest.
“Oh…yeah,” I reply, pretending to be distracted by other vehicles on an abandoned street. Mirrors checked – yup, still no one else around. “There’s coffee. I hope it helps. Take it with you while you wait for your ship.” She nods and takes the warm cup, a few gentle blows for good measure.
Nanami and I had met before the wedding. Once. A few years back I was with a group of friends where she met Chris, who she’s been with since, but other than that it has just been familiar pictures and third party condolences. These last few days, we exchanged a few words here and there just to be polite, but we didn’t really talk that much. We danced together last night at the reception, twice, which was pressed upon us – the first one, anyways. We actually seemed to get along ok, those brief interactions talking more than just a few words.
Meanwhile, we head for the onramp and slip past orange streetlights along the highway. With only one or two other cars out this early, we were able to just cruise along. The car was filled with a dull blue from the instruments, orange lights slowly slipping over and away, and the scent of Nanami’s perfume mixed with creamer and coffee. She makes small talk of nothing important, but she seemed interested in what I had to say nonetheless.
“Do you think it will be years before we all get together again?” Nanami asks.
“Uhh,” I begin, checking the empty rear view mirror. “I hope not. I thought it was good to see everyone again.”
She nods and fiddles with her coffee lid. “It was. I had a good time. I’ve only been off my planet once or twice, really. So this was a good change. I don’t think I’ll ever get used to space travel. I sit away from the windows and pretend it’s a regular flight.” She lets out a nervous little chuckle, her voice and expressions making me smile a little, as well.
“Damn,” I say to myself as we crest over a hill and see lines of dotted red lights in front of us. “Of course,” I murmur while slowing down to get in line. “Why wouldn’t we get stuck with less than two miles to go?” Nanami checks her watch and reassures me that we will be fine. I look around for a better line to get in, but it appears we would have to fight for every inch to reach the far lane. Nanami helps navigate and lets me know who’s letting us in and who isn’t – not our idea of an easy morning.
“Just stay here,” she says, gesturing through the windshield. “These lanes merge to the port.”
“Right,” I agree, relaxing as I listen to the sounds around us and, as I noticed, we never turned on the radio. Ships fly overhead, their engines taking me back on the Argo, the things that waited for me when I returned to man the ship in a few days. It’s quiet in the car – stale, really – where we waited for nothing it seemed.
I turn and look behind us for an opening. “Are they going to let me over?” I ask before turning back around. Nanami takes her turn to look back and briefly kisses my lips as we pass. I suddenly felt my heart leap – a quick jolt running through my body. We pretended as if it didn’t happen while she calls out which car to wait for as we continue to inch over.
Finally in the lane, we relax as we no longer have to fight for a spot. A drink of coffee and a cleared throat, I notice nothing in the darkness out the window. Nanami slips her hand forward and runs her fingers over mine before we lock our hands atop one another. It’s difficult not to notice her perfume. It’s hard not to return the kiss. It’s impossible to not think of what else we could do with what remained of the night. We don’t turn our hands in each other’s. We don’t pull and lightly touch on the ends of fingers. We just stay as we are.
There’s somewhat of a phenomena when two people are together within the mix of time. They usually lock hands and hold on tight when the element of time overcomes space and events. Either they have been apart too long or there’s not enough time. It was difficult to determine which category we fell into.
“Maybe you’ll be late,” I suggest, looking to a ship slowly passing overhead as though it was hers. “There’s always another leaving later in the day.” Nanami chuckles and gets a better hold on my hand with a squeeze.
“Maybe,” she says, “but then what do we tell people? We just sat and waited?”
I shrug and smile. “It would be the only Gentlemanly thing to do by making sure you made it safely.” That does get a little laugh from her.
She shakes her head a couple times, still a tight smile before a simple “No.” Nanami sets down her coffee and links her arm in mine, her head lightly laying on my shoulder as we inch along in traffic. I rest my cheek on her smooth hair, a gentle kiss planted on her head. She grips my arm a little tighter.
“I can just go with you,” I say, my lips against her hair as I feel the warmth of her body next to mine. “Right now.”
“And what?” she asks dispassionately. “You’ll leave Veronica?” We stay like this next to each other, both of us thinking the same thing without letting the other know. Both of us are liars, knowing we were telling each other flagrant lies if we insinuated otherwise. She lifts her head and looks over to the cars beside us. I turn to her slightly before our eyes meet. It was a natural thing, something that wasn’t going to be stopped as we leaned into each other – a light and gentle kiss that grew with permanence as seconds slipped by. We take advantage of each other and gently repeat the gesture, allowing time to stop if only within the vehicle.
Eventually we make it to the offloading dock with the rest of the early morning travelers. Her bags loaded onto a cart, yellow hazards flashing, vehicles inching in and out of loitering spaces, we stick to the business of getting her ready while trying to suppress what just happened.
“Ok,” I say in a matter-of-fact tone, closing the trunk as we turn to one another. The sounds of ship engines shutter as they slowly slip overhead, the darkness of the remaining night still lingering around us as if the morning sun were delayed due to some cosmic event.
Nanami inches towards me, reaches out, and takes my open coat ends in her hands before pulling herself close. “Why didn’t you pull me away all those years ago?” she muffles into my shoulder. I didn’t really have an answer, save for the fact that she had already been talking to Chris by the time I even noticed.
“I don’t know,” I calmly reply with arms around her, lips against her silky hair. “I was a fool.” That’s all I can bring myself to say. It didn’t really matter what words escaped me – just say something.
“Same.”
She reaches into her coat and removes a square envelope, slipping it into my coat pocket and resuming her previous hold on me. I reach for her face, a gentle hand on a soft cheek as we slip into each other one more time. Her skin was cool against mine, her kisses stretched thin between eager passions. We hold on, saying goodbye while apologizing to one another without words – feigning oblivion while making up for time that should have already passed between us.
“If things were different…” she says preemptively, wiping under her eye.
“Nami,” I say dismissively.
“No,” she counters, looking to my face with hands on my shoulders, gripping tightly. “If things were different.”
“Yes,” I finally say while looking to the ground, around, then back to her. “Of course. There would be us.” She nods as is satisfied with my confession though she already knew the answer. There’s something about hearing what you already know from someone else that actually makes it true.
A few stolen kisses. A few minutes ticking by. Her name is called over the speakers as others pass us by on the way to their flights. A few last words, those of reassurance and things that may come before she takes hold of the cart and makes her way inside to board.
The car door closes with a solid thud as I am left with dim, glowing blue lights and the fading fragrance of her perfume. I reach into my pocket and pull out her note before touching it to my nose, her scent still present. I look it over before returning it to its proper place.
‘… Not now.’
45. Long Shadows
Liberty; Naptrina Countryside – Planet Thera
Elongated shadows stretch up the wall and onto the ceiling of a small and dark room. A single light emits from a socket near the floor, a light so dim it takes my eyes a minute to adjust before I place my hat on the floor and easily sit in the chair.
It was difficult to be here, difficult to be composed at a time like this. I thought of what I would say, feeling as though I would only be welcomed for so long, but knowing well that I was welcomed to stay as long as was absolutely necessary. ‘Come back when you’re ready,’ the Captain said before I disembarked. I wouldn’t ask him to do it, but I know the Captain would delay our departure if I returned later than I had requested.
Gently…quietly…I rock in the chair and lean forward to put hands to my face. A slow and quiet breath before I listen to the quiet room around me.
‘What do I say?’
 The hallway light slips through the cracked open door, slivers of yellow-orange along the floor and around its frame. I begin with the words I had rehearsed, not able to find a more suitable place to begin. I can’t bring myself to look anywhere else but the light slipping along the floor. Those first words bring my voice to a weaker version of itself, holding back a raw memory.
“I swear,” I begin with cracking voice, already my throat hot and feeling as though tightened by a rope. Fingers to my forehead, not able to bring myself to look away as my eyes redden and burn, “We were right there…”
***
Enemy Ambush; Wullture Quadrant – Near Galaxy 6c76
“ALL TO PORT!” the Commander shouts as the only remaining engine strains and struggles to push the Argo away. Men clamor, the boys below doing the best they can to hold on as the ship vibrates and creaks under the pressure and weight of nearly rolling over. The Captain holds onto the wheel along with the helmsman as they force their weight onto the handles in an attempt to keep us upright.
Gunshots ring out as they are exchanged between our ship and theirs, the enemy having spired into us as she rammed into us from below. Torn and broken pieces protrude from her hull after she rammed into us, but now we were stuck together – a massive piece of her having thrust into our hull and failing to let go. Our guns were not at an effective angle to shoot at her, though she was in the same situation. The enemy, however, was at an extreme angle and unable to right herself.
The men aim their rifles and repeaters over the side, shooting as best they could as the enemy attempts to do the same. Blasts of gunfire ping off the hull, tearing into our remaining sails and rigging. Our ship shutters as we hold on while the enemy repeats its fruitless attempts of pushing or pulling away.
“What now, Mr. Wade!?” the Gun Master shouts as I hold onto a pillar in the gun deck. I look to the men who are doing their best to hold onto their guns, hold onto their gear, hold onto something. I look around quickly, straining as my muscles begin to atrophy.
“Let them run out!” I shout, some of the men taking notice. The Gun Master looks around, only some of the ports were open, but none of the guns were run out before the enemy randomly snuck from under us.
“READY BOYS!” he shouts to the gun crews, men scrambling to get away from the sides and path of the massive guns. The gravity of our listing ship would force the guns into place, but the gun ports would be too heavy to haul open at this angle. “And the ports, Sir!?”
“Break them open! To hell with them!”
“Mr. Wade!” the radio sounds with Ensign Maury’s voice. The men are in position, holding onto one another and prepared to set the guns free. We’re already charged – ready to fight.
“Maury,” I say across the open communications. “Get the Marines back from the rail! We’re running out!” A quick ‘Aye’ in response before shouts echo above deck. Our boys stop shooting and haul themselves to the masts or anywhere else while the enemy keeps firing to the now vacant railing.
“NOW!” I shout as the men kick the release and allow gravity to take hold of tons of armory, sending the massive beasts beating and blowing through the now irreparable gun port covers. The ship vibrates and shifts as the weight adds to the strain against the engine. Our ship shudders, vibrations increasing as the enemy uses her weight to force us upwards, trying to roll us over.
“Six guns, Sir!” the Gunners Mate shouts. Damn. At least the other sixteen guns made it through.
“When we free from her, we will roll to starboard and get off a line of shots!” I shout along the deck. “Be ready!” The men shout and grunt, sounds of hope from a desperate situation. “Commander!” I shout into the open net. Nothing. “Maury,” I try again. Nothing. Something’s going on, so I haul myself up tilting stairs and on deck.
Up top, the Captain and others are straining at the wheel. The vibrations increase as the sound of metal and hull twist, creak, bend, and pop. The Signaleer calls ‘Mayday.’ The Commander tells me to get away from the edge. Maury is holding onto the mast as he pulls out his pistol – an unsure and confused gesture, but at least he’s ready to fight. A blast is heard from the enemy ship as chains and rope fly up and out, through our rigging and over the ship.
“DOWN!” I shout as others do the same. “DOWN, DAMNIT, DOWN!” 
The rope and chain retract as lines, rigging, sail, and men are caught in its path. The enemy ship hauls in the lines as most of the lines tear away and take souvenirs of our ship with them. Men scream as crumpled and broken bodies slide along the deck and roll into the busted railing.
“Cut them away, boys!” the First Mate shouts across the deck, the men chopping and shooting at the lines. A shrill scream comes from the railing, pieces of the ship bunched up in a mess of coils between myself and the sound. I run to the heap of pieces to find Maury half-crushed between debris and the rail, bleeding from face and neck.
“Hold on!” I tell him desperately, pulling at the pieces that won’t budge. Other lines and chain are cut away. The ship begins to thrust, causing me to lose my balance and slam into the pile trapping Maury. He screams, with no help from myself, as I can feel the ship beginning to pull away from the enemy though we are still attached. Maury takes out a knife and begins to cut at the rope holding him and the debris down. “No Maury!” I shout, our hands fighting one another as he cuts with one and fends me off with the other. “NO!”
The men watch as we struggle, Maury cutting at the only remaining line linking us to the enemy. They’re unsure what to do, but they know any decision is bad. The ship lists harder toward the enemy – we were separating, but she was hauling us down sideways.
“Get away, Clayton!” the Commander shouts while pulling on my shoulders. I fight to hang on, Maury’s bloody face in angst as he continues to cut and hack. Tears in his eyes, mixing with blood and sweat, the pain of being crushed now stinging through his body. He lets out a few yelps from the pain of crushed bones and torn muscle in his final attempts.
The line snaps, whipping across the deck and hitting a few of us while the heap of broken pieces carry the railing, steel, rigging, and Maury over the side. Our ears ring as our bodies are hammered by the concussions of our guns ripping out over the side. Our ship rights as fiery pieces of the enemy blast up, out, and into our ship. Shouts of ‘Hazzah!’ are heard from the men below while those on deck just hold on, looking at the hole where the pile of debris had been.
***
“Maybe,” I say quietly into the night. “Maybe if I would have just cut it earlier. Then I wouldn’t have to be here.” It’s too much. I’d told the story as best I could, but the words just didn’t seem to do any justice. Quiet tears. The struggle to regain short breaths as my face tightens and struggles. I do my best to recover – a deep breath and let it out slowly as I wipe my face.
I look up, the sliver of light from the door now a silhouette – covering her nose and mouth with one hand as she leans against the doorframe, listening while the emotion flows from me to her. Slowly I recover, the only sound catching my attention being a tiny breath, a quick and silent sigh from a deep sleep. Tiny breaths from her tiny body, rapid heartbeats as she lay in the crib sound asleep, tightly bound up in a blanket.
The light casts long shadows of her crib up the wall and across the ceiling, the nightlight being just enough to see her tiny nose and cheeks.
“I’m sorry, Celia,” I tell her in a hushed voice as she stands watching in the doorway, my hands together and looking at her shadow across the floor. “I tried,” I say with cracked voice. “We all tried.”
I look to his baby girl, sound asleep, her daddy now gone.
“I’m so sorry.”
46. One Witness Testimony
James Halwick’s Trial; Greldow District – Planet Ur’Meri
I made it a point to get up early for a head start on the day. Shirt buttoned, tie straight, and a hand through my hair to the back of my neck, I grab the folders and close the door before heading down for coffee. With a check of my pocket watch and a ‘ding’ from the elevator, I step onto the ground floor and opt to be first in the little cafe by the entrance. The hotel was one of the finest in the area. Elegant halls, marble pillars, high-class bar and restaurant, I put Thera’s money to work when they sent me. The service doesn’t let their patriots hang out to dry if called upon. If I were to have traveled on my own dime then I never would have been able to afford all this.
I arrived on Ur’Meri four days ago to act as a character witness for James Halwick, a sailor I served with some years ago. His trial was high visibility for his social class, being put on trial for his suspected part in the murder of a senator’s ex-wife and their son after a business dispute gone wrong. This all happened after he honorably left the service, so I opted not to wear the uniform – much to James’ dissatisfaction.
“Sir,” the waiter says while pouring coffee with a nod before leaving the pot. He already knew me too well, though we don’t know each other’s names. With only one other patron downstairs this early, I sat near the entrance to keep watch for her, hoping to steal some of her time before the verdict was read this afternoon. I tried my damnedest to catch her yesterday morning, but she was elusive.
The sound of the elevator doors bring me back to reality as Audrey walks toward the entrance with her small team. I set my coffee down, rise, and begin to move that way before the small group walks by with a purpose. I stop short as they pass by and roll out the door. The doors close while I let out a slow and frustrated breath through the nose. Well…I wouldn’t expect any less today. I check my watch, a coffee to go, and begin the short trip to the courthouse.

I wasn’t in any rush to get inside while the attendees filtered in. James and his lawyer stopped by when they saw me. Even in a suit he looked terrible. This trial had worn on him and, in his defense, wasn’t looking good.
“Clay,” he says with a nod.
“Jimmy,” I reply in a low voice, watching the passersby as they hardly take notice of us. Hands in my pocket, not really sure what to say or do, I just tried to listen to his thoughts.
“Thanks again for this. I know their attorney treated you rough yesterday, but you did well. They wouldn’t expect less if they really knew the brave Leftenant,” he says with the forced muster of a smirk. He was a good man, that is, the man I knew back then. He was right, though. Their lawyer really dug into me on the stand, but I didn’t get carried away. I knew what was coming. If I could have stopped and talked to her this morning even for just two minutes, then maybe this afternoon would be a little easier for all of us to bear. No matter how this unfolded, it was bound to be tense.
Shortly afterward, Audrey paced around in front of the judge and jury delivering the prosecutions closing arguments for every reason to jail James for life. After these past few days, I had come to despise that bun on her head.
It was pent up so tightly it was almost pretentious. Her pantsuit only varied by color, the sight of them having come to dull my senses mixed with her matter-of-fact voice as she delivered her remarks. Her voice was dry and course – it got under my skin the way she pointed the end of her sentences to a sharp edge. James was already getting a rough deal out of all this, so why be so condescending even up to the last minute? Her gestures were calm and collected, though her fingers would press together between thoughts. When she was finished and finally sat down, it appeared as though she took one single breath that lasted minutes, as if previously having forgotten to breathe during her efforts. I listened to James’ lawyer, the verdict was read aloud, and it was over.
Sorry, Jimmy.
***
Later that evening I did my best to stay busy. The look on James’ face when they read the verdict is imprinted in my mind. Drinking wasn’t an option yet since there were still things to do. Bags mostly packed, next day’s clothes set out, room cleaned up as best I could – I needed to get in a quick shave before it got too terribly late.
The thin curtains were dotted with lights from the city as the night settled in. White and blue from structures, red and green from traffic, silver and blue from a moon. The room takes on the mixture of dim lights as a sense of anxiety slowly grows within me. I flip open the pocket watch for the fifth time, knowing full well it was only minutes later than the last time I checked as it closes with a ‘click.’
A key in the door, a slow tick from the handle, and a dull tap as the deadbolt snaps shut. It’s difficult to retain a sense of calm as these seconds tick by. My anxious want turns to burning need as Audrey lets the keys land and slide across the counter. Turning to the clamor of keys and watching her come closer, she’s on a deliberate path and makes a hard line straight to me as her arms stretch out before a short hop into my lap. She doesn’t say a word but doesn’t have to – the eagerness of her lips and tight hold was telling enough. She wraps her legs around my waist, flicking one leg at a time as high heels come into contact with solid objects somewhere in the room.
She lets out a pleased and selfish sound as she presses her lips to mine, an arm around my neck while tugging on my buttoned shirt and open collar. We continue to kiss as she presses herself to me, seemingly able to close the distance between us as we become more attached.
“Congratulations,” I say from the side of my mouth, causing her to smile white teeth against my lips with a short laugh. She doesn’t take the bait – just continues as she was before I interrupted her.
After these past few days, I had come to despise that bun of hair on her head. It was so tightly pent up it was almost pretentious. It looked so much better down around her shoulders, shaken out and flowing past her face while my fingers run through auburn streaks. I struggle to undo her hair as she touches her feet to the floor, helping me to free and reveal the beautifully tussled mess.
Her pantsuit only varied by color, the sight of them having come to dull my senses mixed with her matter-of-fact voice as she delivered her remarks. We were both more than happy to relive her of the tyranny of that formality – using a bit of excessive force one button at a time. The matching bright red underneath maroon was a stark contrast and, under different pretenses, would be a surprise. With dark brown eyes fixed on mine, she wraps one leg around me before I help her hop back up.
That voice was dry and course – it got under my skin the way she pointed the end of her sentences to a sharp edge. The more she leaned into me, though, the smoother her voice became – especially those deep, brief sounds she made within every other kiss. I could barely make out some words more than others, almost like whispers mixed within confessions. She says it’s like slowly dying of thirst. Like taking a deep breath after being underwater far too long. Like suddenly being caught in the rain after excessive heat.
Her gestures were calm and collected, though now her fingers relaxed and eased as they expressed her thoughts. Sliding comfortable and smooth hands along my neck and shoulders, she showed the distaste for my attire after casting maroon on the chair, splashes of red on the desk and lamp. Sliding into my lap, she put it on me to hold on tightly – gently easing herself down with a few quick, sharp, and quiet breaths. It appeared as though she took a single breath that lasted minutes, as if previously having forgotten to breathe during her efforts.
“Tell me you love me, Clay,” she says with eyes closed, her cheek against my temple, fingers sliding through my hair. As I trail my fingers up her back, she lets out a twitch and a smile, pushing back on me as punishment.
“I love you, Audrey,” I tell her calmly. It’s not true, but she had a way of needing to hear certain things. After these past few nights, I came to know she needed me to say words that were desperately needed. Maybe things she had never heard. Maybe things she never will.
Now – I’m not a lawyer. I’m not really sure what it’s called, but there has to be some ethical laws regarding what was happening between the prosecution and a character witness. In the service we call it fraternizing with the enemy. If this were a crime, then it would only be a one-witness testimony. If revealed, then I assume that I would be instantly discredited.
“I won’t be the same,” she confesses as we continue showing our delayed need for the other after somehow making it through the last twenty two hours without going completely insane. “You’ve killed any first expectations I’ll ever have again,” she continues. “I’ll never get through another trial the same.”
The stress from the course of the past week melts from her body. The strain can be felt slipping away from her soul. That tireless anticipation disappears from her face as she allows herself to settle onto me while I take in the scent of her perfume, smiling against her neck and tussled hair resting on bare shoulders.
“The enemy,” she gasps into the half-darkness, working towards the edge of one final night as we escaped our lives if only for a moment.
“…You’re the enemy.”
47. The Argo
Operation Cutter; Quadrant 5r29 – Near Sumetra Galaxy
Alone and unafraid on the edges of the Sumetra Galaxy, we sailed in the Argo on the extreme left flank of the Alliance’s fleet formation that was heading for the last known Scavenger position. Ensign Maury and I finished securing the two massive beams placed across the rails of the ship, both of them sticking over the side with loose sails flapping down each end. Maury gives me the thumbs up as I secure my lifeline and float over the beam to check lines and let out slack. Maury does the same so as to make the sails drape over the edge, causing them to flap free and disorderly.
“Begin the list,” the Captain says to the helmsman while looking through his scope to a mass of red cosmic clouds in the distance. Maury and I pull ourselves back to the ship as we lightly begin to tilt to one side. With one engine dully burning, we slowly cruise along the dark side of a planet with gun ports buttoned up, artificial gravity non-existent, and ship minimally manned.
Maury and I check around the mass of crisscrossed ropes and chain rigged up for what was about to happen. Ropes running here and there, some around a wench on the rails, some feeding to the deck and run below. The Captain hasn’t moved his scope, fixed on the same position for nearly fifteen minutes now.
“How certain are you?” the Commander asks the Signaleer, receiving an affirmation and nod in return.
“I’m sure of it, Sir. Absolutely.”
“Ok then,” the Captain says calmly. “Mr. Wade, Mr. Maury – make ready then.”
An ‘Aye, Sir’ from both of us and a knuckle to our brim, we pull ourselves along the deck to float along and head below.
The Captain nods to the Commander.
“Send the message,” the Commander orders, the Signaleer acknowledging and flipping the switch.
“Net-Net-Net, this is the Argo. Do you read?”
“Roger Argo, this is Net. Ministry vessel Commodore. What’s your position and status?”
As the message broadcasts, the Captain and Commander ready themselves. Watching for any sign of movement. Myself and Maury join the other two hands below in the gun deck, guns nonexistent. No guns, no power cables, no crew. In their place were four lonely posts in the center, each of them with a wench and rope. The ropes ran up to the deck, along the rails, and to the four makeshift sails drooping over the sides.
“Are you picking up the Commodore at all?” the Commander asks the Signaleer. A shake of the head while scrolling around the radar.
“No, Sir. Nothing.”
“Commodore – this is the Argo. We are requesting assistance. Mayday. Mayday. Mayday. Enemy attack resulting in loss of power. Listing to starboard. Negative gravity. One outboard engine. Sending yellow light indicator at 21-68-00.”
“Roger, Argo. We see your beacon. Estimated time on station seven hours, over.” 
“Acknowledge Commodore. H minus 7. Standing by. Argo out.”
“Hit it,” the Captain says, yellow lights flashing in unison from atop the masts, from the bow, aft, and underneath. There we float, tilting to one side with all sails out, four sails flapping over the edge for no reason, one of our two engines hardly working, no artificial gravitational pull, and yellow lights flashing.
Wounded.
The four of us in the barren gun deck below have our hands on the wenches, lightly floating, waiting calmly for the word.
Some time goes by before the Captain and Commander take a closer look, sending out passive sonar to help confirm what they see. “There, Sir,” the Commander says, pointing out and looking around the distant dark space and white stars.
“I see it, Commander,” the Captain replies, putting down his scope and placing his hands on the controls. He takes one deep breath and slowly turns the ship away from what they see. There – in the distance – three Scavenger warships are slowly emerging from the cosmic cloud and turning our way. We wait below – nothing is happening.
“NOW BOYS! GO!”
Furiously we turn the wenches and haul in the rope as fast as we can, the four of us working like the devil to get the lines tight. The ship shutters as the second engine comes to life with the Captain slamming the throttle wide open. The solar sails strain to transfer power to the engines, but without any guns, crew, or artificial gravity core, we are much lighter than we have ever been.
Yellow lights flash, us panting and straining as we crank away, the ship picks up speed and sends a rapid vibration all around us. Gun ports closed, all sails out, the four additional solar sails being reined in – we were hauling ass faster than this ship has ever gone before. The Commander looks out from the rear of the ship – no need for a scope now – watching the three Scavenger ships begin to close the distance.
“Sir,” the Commander says sternly, the Captain’s hand still pressing the throttle hard and wide open. Maury and I turn the wenches, the heavy sails causing us to switch hands and strain on the weight of the energy being drawn from the sails. Heave – haul – pull – and ‘CLANK!’ when all four lines are reeled in with the additional sails all out. We float and hold onto the makeshift wench stands as the Argo begins to slip left and right, up and down, heave and weave.
“HOLD ON, BOYS!” I shout as our bodies float around from the ships violent movement while the Captain navigates us in a hard rotation to avoid rounds fired from the enemy. Shots of energy blast out from behind us as a couple get pretty close while others burn through a top sail or two.
Things are getting desperate – the Captain begins rolling us while climbing, sending us in a rotation. One of the sailors slams onto the deck and loses his grip, sending him rolling and slamming up against the side of the ship. I lose my grip with one hand as we strain and shout while holding on tightly. The ship rolls, sending flickers of light from nearby stars and galaxies through the hold – sending my leg into the makeshift pole with a resounding snapping sound. I let go of the wench as my body slams against the ceiling and is hurled against the side. I scream as the pain singes through my body, holding onto the side of the ship as best I can as the Captain slows the spin. We make a hard turn and I hold on, Maury yelling something at me, but all I can do right now is just hold on.
Just Hold On!
The ship shutters as we take a hard hit from the enemy approaching from behind. “That’s a hit, Sir! BAD!” the Commander shouts. The enemy is closing in, close enough to fire rapid bursts of white hot blasts from multiple ports, tearing into our hull and burning through our sails. The back of our ship was now just a giant hole with burning embers of timber and metal chunks flying and falling out the back. The pieces hit the enemy, but it doesn’t deter their pursuit.
“ARGO, ARGO! ROLL PORT! PORT, PORT, PORT!” the radio blares.
The Captain does as ordered and rolls the wheel to the left until it stops, using the weight of his body to hold the wheel down as the Argo violently rolls over and makes a hard left. Immediately, massive blasts of blue cosmic light and dust billow out from in front of us, the blasts tearing into the enemy from the Commodore, causing the enemy to abandon its position and split its formation into what was now two and a half ships.
Our ship rights as the Captain turns around and watches the destruction now consisting of friendly and enemy pieces in a desperate engagement from both sides. The enemy doesn’t capitulate, but tries its damnedest to create some distance between themselves and the massive Commodore. Two and a half ships becomes one, the Commodore taking a direct beating before it turns away and delivers a few final parting gifts to a retreating enemy.
Yellow lights flashing, embers burning in the rear of our ship, we hold on as we listen to the final outgoing shots and the sound of our engines winding down.
“Argo, Argo – Commodore. Status.”
“We’re here,” the Captain says calmly while catching his breath. “We’re…mostly still here.”
48. Effects of a Gentleman
International Relations; Bulkerani Gala – Planet Tuulow
The party was just picking up as our small entourage entered. Leaders, ambassadors, military – it was a large gala marking the end of a two-day international relations event on Planet Tuulow. Dressed in our finest, we remove our hats and place them under our arm as we meet and greet before making our way through the crowd. A single medal on my chest, white embroidered high collar, a single shoulder board, and my hair tied to the base of my neck – we did our best to try and blend in under these circumstances.
Our group begins to pear off one-by-one until I find myself in a sort of aimless waltz through and around other guests. Tiring of the exercise shortly thereafter, I opt for a seat at the end of the bar to give my boots a rest – setting my hat atop the bar and placing a hand on the sword to keep it from knocking. The bartender stops by and takes my request while obliging me with a smile, always a busy man and in higher demand by the other attendees. I was in no rush. The past couple days were busy enough, but this wasn’t to be the end of our trip. Later tonight, we would catch a ride to the museum for an unveiling of some type or another.
“Excuse me,” she says while slipping by other loitering guests before taking up a seat near me at the bar. It was difficult not to take notice – a beautiful blue dress over one shoulder and flowing to the floor with a mid-thigh slit, diamond dotted hair done up right, skin toned lips hiding a contagious smile, and bright white tipped fingernails. Like most other women here tonight – she was elegantly beautiful. Her neckline was soft and forbidden, myself struggling not to notice as she trailed fingers from shoulder to cheek.
She seemed reassured, or exhausted, to finally find an open seat. There was no ring, but selfishly I admit that’s not the first bare skin I noticed. She takes a drink of nearly finished wine before setting the glass down, letting out a shallow breath before looking around.
“Wow,” she says. “That’s some get-up.” It takes me a second, but I turn my attention to her with a half smirk on closed lips.
“Yeah,” I answer in a friendly tone. “It can be. Thanks.” What do you say? Do I comment on her dress?
We look at each other with smiles fashioned for new acquaintances. She takes up the glass and does her best to slowly, steadily extend a leg outward without falling from her seat before tapping the steel sword scabbard with a metallic ‘tink.’
“Is that thing real?”
I reach down and take hold of the hilt, pulling the sword up a few inches to expose the blade before returning it with a metallic ‘click.’
“Hmm,” she emits in an unimpressed sound, finishing her wine before setting down the glass and looking for the now AWOL bar keep.
“Natalie,” a man says before he arrives next to her. She just sort of looks at him as he taps her bare shoulder a couple times. “I’ve been looking for you. Come on, we’ve gotta hurry if we want a good spot.” She makes a frustrated sound and adjusts in her seat.
“It can wait. We’ll be fine. Let’s not be in a big rush, ok?”
“No, Natty. It can’t wait. Now let’s go.”
Their conversation continues like this before he turns and leaves. She makes a dissatisfied moan and puts her forehead to her fingers, a dismissive gesture with her hand in his direction.
“Maybe I should get up,” I offer while retrieving my hat. “You can sit together here for a while.”
“No,” she interjects quickly, “don’t leave on his account. It’ll just vindicate his need to push everyone around and substantiate the misogynist practice of boorishness. No offense.” 
I put my hands up a little with a light shake of the head. 
“How do I find these guys?” she lets out before attempting to drink from an empty glass. Setting it down, she watches the bartender approach.
“For the lady?”
“Umm,” she begins. “Whatever he’s having,” she says gesturing and looking at me. I look at her before returning to the keep.
“Coffee,” I answer easily. We look at her for assurance and she gives an honest little smirk.
“Sure,” she says with almost a short laugh. “That sounds great.” The keep nods and produces the cup and pot. She looks around the bar, appearing a little lost for a second. I give it a moment before helping out.
“Here,” I say while sliding over cream and sugar. I hold the spoon and look around. “I’m sorry…not sure if…” I trail off before she reaches for it.
“It’s fine,” she replies, setting the spoon down next to her cup before doing some quick mixing. I nod and take up my own.
“What does it say?” she asks before wrapping gentle hands around warm ceramic. I’m a little confused, but she nods to the inscription on the sword hilt. I put my hand on the handle and tilt it toward her.
“Between His Majesty and God” I say with an assured smile. 
She looks at me with narrow eyes before shaking her head lightly.
“That’s where we find ourselves when doing our duty,” I reply in an over-rehearsed tone. “Some things we do for His Majesty. Some things for God. And in the worst situations we will make difficult decisions in serving one or the other. Either way, we will never be faulted if we are doing things for either.”
“That’s…nice,” she says unconvinced and friendly enough as I take a light drink and tilt my head side to side. “Do you buy those things yourself?”
“No. The service issues us everything. They gave us these things to keep with us for our duration of service once we commission. Effects of a Gentlemen, I suppose.”
“Clayton,” a woman’s voice lets out before linking her hands around my arm. Natalie occupies herself with the coffee. “We’ve got a spot in the far corner. Just come whenever, ok?” I give a nod and a thanks as she gives me a tap on the shoulder before leaving.
“That’s my cue,” Natalie says to herself as she begins to grab her things. I shake my head and slip my hand on the bar towards her.
“No, it’s ok. I’m ok here. They can wait.”
“But your date…”
“She’s my Commander’s wife. I’m sure she was more curious than anything.”
“Oh. Well – if you don’t mind,” Natalie asks as she makes herself comfortable again. I nod and agree as she takes up the seat next to me.
Time seems to slip past as we talk about a bunch of nothing. Where we’ve been, where we’re going, poking fun at those around us with childish enthusiasm. The more she stayed, the more she relaxed. I didn’t bring up her previous accompaniment, though she would glance over her shoulder every once and awhile. Her voice became soft and inviting while her smile emerged more and more at my pathetic attempts at comedy. She was more laughing at my attempts, but all the same. When she turned her head, the diamonds in her hair would glimmer. When she listened, she would tap her nails on the ceramic. Her previous buzz may have been replaced by caffeine, but her inhibitions remained relaxed.
“So you’re not staying around. Tonight…I mean,” she asks and says when a break in the conversation emerged. I shake my head lightly and exchange an innocent glance. She lets out the little curve of a slightly embarrassed smile.
“No. After the museum we have to report back to the ship. First thing in the morning and…we’re out.”
“That’s too bad.”
“Mmm.”
Natalie grabs her things and scoots her chair back a little. I watch as she becomes noticeably unnerved. “I should…go,” she says. 
I look around to find nothing unusual, but I’m sure she spotted him making his way back.
I take up my things, slide folded green across the bar, and grab my hat before gesturing to her. She follows as we walk down a random hallway, turning left and right before finding ourselves near the front entrance. We stand there calmly and refrain from asking if we lost him or not. Others are filtering past, so Natalie reaches out and slips her hand under my arm and hat. I pretend not to notice as she pulls and moves closer. Trying to avoid the passing crowd is as good excuse as any. I put my other hand on hers as she locks her fingers together. She doesn’t pull away as I tap my fingers on her soft hands, just goes along with the motion. 
The rest of my group joins us as I nod and acknowledge the Captain and Commander. The Commander’s wife talks to Natalie like they were old friends while we waited for our ride to pull up.
“Will you be back?” she asks while watching others climb into their vehicles with the valet skirting around to hold doors.
“No. I shouldn’t think so.”
“If we came together it would have been a nice time. Possibly.”
“Probably,” I say easily as I look to her with a relaxed smirk.
“Do you think…” she begins, letting her words trickle off at the ends. “Maybe we would have seen each other again? Just us, I mean.” She has a way of slowly prying short smiles out of me. It was impossible not to. I reach down and take her hand, turning to her while placing a soft kiss on the top of her fingers.
“Of course we would,” I mutter calmly with sharp fingernails pressing in my palm. She looks like she’s about to speak as our car pulls up and the doors open. She hesitates briefly.
“And if it went well, though I said something embarrassing, then we would still see each other…more…then. Maybe.”
I take a short step forward and undo the black ribbon holding back my hair before wrapping it around her wrist and tying it in a bow. Leaning close to her, I give a light and shallow kiss to her cheek. She quickly returns the gesture before I pull away.
“Without a doubt,” I tell her as she holds onto my hand before I walk away. I turn to her before getting in the car while she messes with the ribbon on her wrist, giving a self-contained smile. She doesn’t turn back inside until we are out of sight. She gathers her coat and begins to make for door, gently pulling on the bow as she thinks, the sound of her heels ticking as she heads to where she is going – suffering the effects of a Gentleman.
***
A quick check to her watch, there was still time as she made her way down the street amongst the busy coming and goings of the day. After waiting three weeks, Natalie had worried she would be too late, but with the location and times on the telegram, a black ribbon in her hair, she boards the shuttle for the ascent from Tuulow to the spaceport. A glance to the note one more time as she lets a smile emit while holding on during liftoff.
Halvina Spaceport; Dock 119 4:30pm; C.W.
49. The Ghost of Us
Convoy Escort – Near Qi’Lan Galaxy
After a day like today, it would be near impossible not to sleep. Everything seemed to be going wrong and, without a hitch, had all begun to do so at nearly the same time. I shouldn’t complain, though. There was no sign of the enemy, but these sorts of days just have a way of setting me back. After a beer with Maury on deck, I turn myself in without giving the stars a second glance as I normally would before heading to my Wardroom. Boots off, shirt hung, hair down – and it was lights out.
***
It was wind. That sound is unmistakable. More than wind, it was a good strong breeze just outside of me. Even without opening my eyes I knew something was different. Something was off. The room was too warm. The sheets were too soft. The dim blue light only coming from a single source.
Opening my eyes and sitting up, it doesn’t take me long to know I wasn’t feeling the motion of the ship under me. A fire cracked and popped in a fireplace in this great bedroom. The blue of a moon shone off the snowflakes and blanket of white on the ground outside. Giving the large sheets a toss to the side, I slide to the edge and let my feet down on hardwood floors. In a pair of sleep pants, I run a hand through my hair and walk to the door – a light emitting from the edges.
Stepping out, I stand on an open second floor in a large cabin. It was an incredible sight, one I would never be able to afford in my lifetime. The great fireplace lit, the lights soft, large windows displaying the same scene as the bedroom. Soft music drifted from somewhere nearby. Something was cooking in the kitchen and it smelled wonderful. I should have been elated. I should have told myself I was dreaming and to just go with it, but I knew better than that. Hearing a knock and clank from somewhere in the kitchen, I make my way down the staircase to look for what I already know is there.
I wasn’t trying to sneak or spy, but just keep to myself and stay quiet so as not to disturb. Her back was turned, but it’s impossible for my eyes to look anywhere else. She was comfortable tonight – letting her blonde-streaked brunette curls fall down her back, a white tank top and light blue shorts with her long legs extending to bare feet on the floor. Her skin was a product of generations in the sun, having told me before she was originally from a place called Memphis – a land near the great river and desert. Her name was too difficult for me to pronounce entirely the first time we met, so in an affectionate joke I call her Turya.
“You don’t have to wait for me to acknowledge you,” she says, hearing that warm smile on her face. Her words slipped through the air and into my soul. A genuine smile comes as I cross my arms and watch her turn with two cold drinks in her hand. When she saw me my heart jumped, my focus on those beautiful desert-at-dusk eyes and thin lips. She walks over as if hiding some embarrassment, but I know what she’s refraining from. As she walks over, she gestures with the glasses and I make a face – which she mimics – before setting down two warm cups of coffee on the counter near me. Better.
Turya tucks hair behind her ear, looks at me from head to toe, takes easy steps and slowly extends her arms as if asking ‘please’ for a hug. Her moves are cautious as she lightly takes steps towards me, slipping her hands over my shoulders as I take her in. She turns and rests her head into my neck, letting out a warm and relieved breath as our bodies touch. She puts her feet on mine, a thing she does when she wants to be as close as possible. If in the bed, she would extend her legs to mine and touch our feet together while her face cradled somewhere.
She holds on and I can’t help but do the same. The longer she held on, the tighter she did so. She wouldn’t let go until I did, so eventually we had to slip away from each other.
“Umm,” Turya says, quickly wiping something off her cheek before reaching for the warm cups of coffee. “I thought this would be nice,” she says while handing me a cup and gesturing around. Her voice quickly changed from unsure to elatedly giddy. It was her defense mechanism. “It’s winter on Thera right now, yeah?”
“It is,” I say with a drink. She didn’t have to ask. She knew full well what season it was. Turya slinks back towards me when she notices I don’t really move anywhere. Her arm around my waist, her side pressed against mine, she takes a drink and looks out the window as her silky, full hair slides along my shoulder and chest.
“I’ve missed you,” I say finally. A slightly pleased sound escapes as her smile is even noticeable in the dark.
“I missed you, too,” she echoes quietly, turning her head and lightly kissing my shoulder a couple times. We take each other’s hand as she leads me to the tall window. We stand and watch the snowfall – large chunks blowing sideways and all around in the wind. The trees are overburdened with accumulation, their limbs stretching to reach the ground. The blueness and black from the night reflects along the tall trees and ground. In the distance is a frozen lake – a single sheet of ice in its irregular shape within a place that no one knows. Time passes as we stand there rocking, she in front of I, our hands grasping for life.
“What’s it like?” she asks in calm and genuine voice. I think of a way to describe it as she leans more of her weight back into me.
“Like a sharp and crisp wave,” I tell her. “The cold slips over your body. There’s not a single place you don’t feel it. The cold can be so intense it burns your lungs if you run in it. The snow is so heavy you can hardly drag your feet through it.” Turya sways and listens, not really making much of a sound. She lifts a foot and rubs it along my leg before coming to rest on top of my foot like she does. That gets a smile out of me before I kiss the top of her head. She’s quiet – thinking.
“Give me three days,” she offers, turning her head to rest on my chest. I exhale as she increases the pressure of standing on me. I exhale and look to her reflection in the mirror. She locks eyes with mine in the ghost of us.
“Turya,” I begin.
“Yes?” she quickly questions, not wanting a response but rather keeping me from thinking or talking. It works as she stops my response before she rolls into me, our coffee now nowhere to be found. She wraps her arms around me and kisses my neck before a tight squeeze. “Clay,” she whispers, her voice not as strong as it was before. “You’ll go back, not a single second lost. Just be here. We don’t have to –”
“I know,” I interject, a hand on her face as she lifts her head and lets me look at her beautiful round cheeks. I lean into her as we gently kiss as like it was first time. It felt as though it was, having been so long, but Turya was just as warm and inviting as the first time we were together. Our first passions are burned into my mind. Our first hint of love terrifying yet assured. Our first partings a suffering.
While holding each other there, she silently plants images in my mind – a sheet pulled away to reveal long, smooth legs. The sounds of her voice in a light gasp. Her hair tussled in my face as she presses her bareness into me. It causes me to smile ashamedly, which gets a chuckle out of her with an honest-to-God smile while looking into my eyes.
“Turya,” I repeat with a smile and light laugh. She chuckles along with tongue between teeth as she knows what I’m thinking. It was her doing anyways.
“Sweetheart,” she says compassionately, bringing me back to reality and the seriousness of what was happening. “Sweetheart,” she repeats, vying for my attention and affection. She rises on her toes and lands a kiss on me. A kiss here. A few more there. I step away as she puts her hands together as she makes a slow pursuit. With hands on my hips, I look around the place and back to her.
“This isn’t real, Turya.” I say, having to keep myself from losing my composure or breaking down at all.
“It is,” Turya defends, putting her hands on my face before reaching down and taking my hand. She runs my hand along her hair to her cheek, to her shoulder, to her waist. “I’m real. So are you. Don’t think about it, Clay. Just stay.”
“What is it you want me to do?” I ask. “After three days what happens?”
“You’ll love me,” Turya replies quickly as if they were her final words. She was forcing the issue, but distance, separation, desperation, and our difference would keep us apart.
“My Turya,” I say gently with a hand to her cheek. “You have a responsibility. There’s so much you must do that leaves no room for me. I can’t take that away from you.”
I lean in for a kiss – which was always offered or accepted – as she holds my lips against hers. The image in my mind becomes one of us dancing in the moonlight. Another appears with us on the deck of the Argo as the stars pass by. A final image of her in that dress that summer night. These images flash in my mind. Some of them having happened, some not…
She reaches around my neck and clasps the link together – a silver chain with a prominent cross resting on my chest. I can feel myself leaving. Turya’s not pleased, but neither is she satisfied nor convinced after our short duration together. She still has a piece of me and will take it with her. She’s selfish as she holds onto it, knowing that hope is all she needs to keep me near.
I ask when, but she doesn’t answer.
The fire disappears and the snow fades away. The cottage is now gone as we stand in the light all around us. An easy feeling comes as she places her hands on my chest and kisses my lips. Raising my hand, I touch her cloth-covered shoulder and follow it down to the cuffs around her hands. Her feet still bare, her kiss still warm, I feel her wrap around me. The light sound of smoothness comes as my hand brushes along the inside of her brown and white wing. Stepping back from me, she lets her arms down as wings rest at her side.
‘I’ll always be here,’ her voice echoes in my mind, watching her fade and slip away as my soul returns in a flash of light and a dull echo after having been gone for the night. ‘…I’ll always love you…’
50. When You Didn’t Leave
Post-Argo Decommissioning; Nautramara Bay, Planet Thera
After three days of accomplishing nothing, as was planned, I had the idea to sit out on the deck and take advantage of the clear night skies. All around the property, trees reached into the night sky, casting a black silhouette like a frame around the large yard. In the near distance was the lakefront with light and shallow waves lapping from a warm and gentle breeze. Without a cloud in the sky, I could see the vastness of stars stretched out in white, blue, red, and yellow like sand scattered across a sheet of glass.
With a small table positioned in front of me and an unoccupied chair nearby, I set the InterstellarCompass down and crack it open. The orb rotates as the floating needle inside begins to turn before stopping while pointing up and away. A dull green light grows within the orb until a pleasant illumination enables me to see the words in my notebook. Reaching down, I turn the compass with a ‘click-click-click’ until it aligns with the arrow. I lean in close to check the numbers, cross that with the signal reads on my device, mark latitude and longitude, and…yup, that should be about right.
It was a quiet and welcomed night. The crickets chirped as they should, a few fireflies lazily riding the breeze with dim yellow-green flashing on and off. I sit back with the notebook in front of me and a StarScope in my hand. I put the scope to my eyes and slowly scan the skies. Back and forth, side to side, periodically trying to use my naked eye to see if I notice anything different. Not yet.
After a few minutes, the needle slowly turns away and seems to be gently following along. I look through the scope in that direction and notice a dimly burning light trailing across the sky. If it makes a shallow turn and heads Northeast then it’s definitely a ship. Moments pass as I watch the needle, check the scope, and mark the position in my notebook. It doesn’t turn for the spaceport somewhere nearby, but I’m pretty sure it’s a ship. Still, I mark the time and location along with a checkmark.
Luckily, I was able to spot another tiny streak heading the opposite direction. The scope doesn’t help much, meaning whatever it was must be too far away. The trajectory doesn’t change so I mark it down as a satellite. I check the tablet for nearby satellites and…yup, that’s it. ER-01-P-Q53. Check.
I look back to the house and see a couple lights in the kitchen as another one comes on in the office. I was just curious, nothing going on tonight. She knows I’m out here. Soft music slips through the house. She was a fan of soft jazz. I never was previously, but after being around her so long I finally came to appreciate some songs.
That evening was just like those previously – quiet, calm, and relaxing with no unexpected events. She had been waiting for these days for nearly two years. Now that they were here, her expectations of what they would be like didn’t disappoint. With jazz in her soul, chilled wine in her body, she occupied her mind by walking around in pajama pants and satin camie while perusing through his office. With the click of a lamp, she walks around with one arm tucked under the other, her camie resting easily on her body, protectively bringing her wine along for the nightly snoop.
She trails her fingers along the bookshelf, not really noticing any one book in particular. Periodically she would stop and look at the framed pictures on the wall. There’s one of him and the Commander posing for a shot on the quarterdeck, their hats on and hands behind them. Another one of the Argo at a random spaceport with stars in the background. Another of Ensign Maury busy doing something. Other pictures were those of distant galaxies – blues, greens, reds, and sparkles of stars with cosmic clouds in distances too far to fathom.
A little smile comes to her face as she takes a drink and looks at one with the two of them at a military ball. His blue and gold uniform. Her deep green and pearl white dress to the floor. A line of flags in the background.
The clock ticks slowly before the ‘ding’ of the half hour.
Before leaving his man cave turned museum, she stops by his uniform hanging on the armoire and turns a button until it faces right side up. She had a pet peeve about the buttons. They clipped onto the uniform through the coat holes but wouldn’t stay right side up. Often times she would occupy herself with this tedious task whenever they were out in public. He never minded, so he just let her piddle with them. Her obsessive compulsion satisfied, she turns and gently leaves the office with the lamp still on, needing a refill before heading out to see what he was up to. Along the way, she passes a framed certificate adorned with crests, seals, and a couple heavy coins behind glass.
To Commander Clayton Wade for twelve years of honorable service to His Majesty and the Republic of Thera. His selflessness and bravery further ensured the security of Thera and her constituents between galaxies and across the universe. Commander Wade’s gallantry and leadership served as the nexus to his decisive victories over a tough and determined enemy, in the most dangerous of combat zones, proving his mettle as a leader and…
She leaves the door open as she walks out across the deck and into the yard. She sees him sitting there, playing with the compass-thing and watching the sky. It was never something she took to, but it didn’t matter what they did as long as he was home.
“Hey,” she says softly while making her way over to me. She bypasses the empty chair and scooches her way onto my lap. She had no problem using me to prop herself up while my leg fell asleep. There was no removing her, so I just had to deal with it. She looks at the compass and my notes before randomly glancing around the skies. “Are you winning?”
“No. I used to be so much better at this,” I say with a frustrated breath while setting down the scope and wrapping my arms around her waist.
She gently sways a bare foot back and forth across the tips of cool grass, taking a drink while tucking back strands of hair to keep them from blowing in my face. Arianna was everything I ever wanted. She deliberately stuck around and made it a point to convince me of that fact. I would say that she was beautiful or gorgeous, but those words don’t do a woman justice when you love her this much. She was everything. She was that one thing I was missing. I thought I would find it somewhere up there, but never did.
We watch the skies for anything. The taste of her quick and repeated kisses were sweet white wine. Her kiss was unconditional compassion, ones that say more than what they show on the surface. Somehow her naturally sun-kissed skin could glow just a little in the starlight, honey colored hair sleek under the moon, and brown eyes still visible through the darkness. Ari’s hands were the scent of her lotion. Her neck retained an aura of perfume at the end of the long day. She’s quiet. She’s not drinking or looking around. She’s about to say… something.
“Do you miss it?” she asks, legitimately wanting to know my answer. It wasn’t a loaded or pretentious question. She didn’t want me to say what she wanted to hear.
“Umm,” I hum, taking a glance at the compass as the arrow turns. I look to where it might be pointing, but I don’t see anything. “Sometimes.” I run my hand up and down her back, along the edges, and side to side. She twitches a little before giving me the light elbow.
“What do you miss the most?”
“Coming home to you.”
She huffs out a sarcastic breath and shakes her head with a smirk. It was the correct answer for the position I currently found myself, but she knows it’s just a reaction of a response.
“Seriously. What do you miss the most? The fighting?”
“No,” I answer quickly. “That’s the last thing I think of, honestly.” I relax, think, and feel her against me. “I miss the stars. Floating through galaxies. I miss the launch – sails out, men on the ropes, sails unfurling, picking up speed and darting off to the next galaxy.” Ari just listened. Maybe she paid attention to each point, but she really just wanted to hear my enthusiasm and genuine passion for sailing and for the service. She knew it was good for me to talk about it without being drunk. “But most of all I missed you.”
She’s quiet, drinking, still thinking. “Did you get out because of me? Because I wanted more time with you?” 
I shake my head with an obvious and slightly scrunched face. “I got out because I wanted to be with you. I wanted us. I needed a good reason to call it, really. When the Argo was decommissioned, when you didn’t leave, when I saw you there – standing on the dock the last time we made port. All of those things. But no – you didn’t make me do anything.” I lean up and pull her close for a kiss. She sniffles a bit, where if I asked then she would blame it on the wind. She touches a finger under her eye and clears her throat before taking another drink.
“Maybe we can take a cruise sometime?” she asks. “A long one. On a large ship to see a couple galaxies? Maybe go see Maury?”
“Yeah,” I say in an assured tone. “That would be great.”
She turns her attention to the stars and barely notices the blue cosmic cloud cutting behind the mass of white specks. She looks to the compass and tries to see where it’s pointing.
“Ship,” she says pointedly. I look to where she does as she drinks.
“Yup,” I answer while trailing my fingers along hers. She leans her shoulder into me and places a cheek on my forehead. It was a satellite.
Another white light streaks across the sky.
“…Star.”
