The Dial
Part I
R. W. Warwick

Text copyright © 2017 R. W. Warwick

All Rights Reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise) without the prior written permission of the publisher, except by a reviewer who may quote brief passages in a review to be printed by a newspaper, magazine or journal.

All characters appearing in this work are fictitious. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is coincidental.


Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

For mum, wherever you are.

Preface
The old adage that ‘you are what you read’ certainly applies here. When I finished writing these stories, I took a step back to try and see a unifying theme, something which would tie them all together in a neat package. What started out as a collection of adventure stories from the pulp era of science fiction, evolved into something closer to an exploration of the human condition, how we react in fantastic situations, and the amazing resilience we can show. In this light, the finished collection suddenly looked quite different.
I won’t pretend that these stories aren’t strange, or even a little dark, because they are, and like life they don’t all have happy endings, but there is no pessimism here. As you read each story keep that in mind, and look for the redeeming qualities in the characters, those are the gems. They’re not perfect, but they’re human (for the most part), and human beings, for all our flaws and quirks, are remarkable creatures aren’t we? At least that was what I tried to show.
I hope you enjoy reading these stories as much as I enjoyed writing them, but if you don’t, well, I did my best.
R. W. Warwick
Contents

Pemberton’s Dial
Whatever Happened to Pangaea?
Resurgam
Unending
Let the Cold Winds Blow
Junction Point
Reality, as always
It Were Aliens
Beyond Scope
The Far Side of Eternity

Pemberton’s Dial

As he reached across his agent’s desk for a handful of chocolates, Floyd Pemberton heard the door close behind him. His hand retreated with its prize and he chewed the chocolates one after another, brimming with anticipation. He read the haze of his agent’s tired eyes as he fell into his chair, and his feelings dissolved into anxiety.
“That bad?" asked Floyd.
“Worse,” his agent replied. “Sales of The Dial are less than a quarter of your last two books”. His eyes were dulled by fatigue and there was a whining tone in his voice. “Why did you have to depart from science fiction? That was your bread and butter; it’s where your fans were”.
“I don’t have an answer for you George,” Floyd explained. “It was just something I needed to write”. He looked apologetic, as if he were personally under attack.
“Leave the politics to the politicians, and religion to those who are smarter than you. Putting them together in a book, and then attacking them is asking for trouble”.
Floyd raised his head “I thought it would at least grab a few headlines”.
“Well you might yet do that,” replied George “But let’s be frank; you’re not going to save your career with some philosophical manifesto about how religion and politics are the cause of all the world’s problems”. George slapped his plump hand on a copy of Floyd’s new book.
“I never said that,” Floyd jumped in. “I didn’t say they were the cause of all the world’s problems”. He eased back into his chair “It’s not like I struggled for months on end to write it. It just came out, you don’t understand”.
“Then perhaps I’m to blame for publishing it”. George sighed and looked at his watch. “Look, I’ve got to get across the city for a meeting; do you have anything else lined up?”
“Yeah, I have a couple of ideas,” Floyd sulked.
“Can you send me something by next week?” George took his jacket from the back of the chair. Floyd nodded.
“And make sure it’s fiction,” George quipped “let’s try to hold onto the fans you still have”.
When he arrived home later that afternoon, Floyd kicked through a pile of envelopes on the floor. He shuffled through them for anything of interest. One letter caught his eye. His name was handwritten on the front. Before he removed his shoes, he took the envelope into the kitchen and tore it open. Inside was a cheap flyer. Most of it was printed, but his name was handwritten at the top. It read:
Dear Mr Floyd Pemberton,
You are invited to a meeting of the BETA political party on Wednesday, March 5th at 10am. 
There was a space at the bottom of the flyer which was also handwritten:
We would like to discuss your contributions to our manifesto.
Floyd thought for a moment as he gazed at the cheap copy paper. He had heard of the BETA party. They had been in the news following the recent voter fraud case against the government. He hadn’t heard of them until the protests had started. Their leader was quite the orator from what he remembered, and was an outspoken opponent of the government. They were becoming quite popular, but Floyd couldn’t think of why they would want to speak to him.
At nine fifty on the following Wednesday, Floyd stood outside the modest headquarters of the BETA party and considered turning around.
His hatred for the country’s political landscape had been declared in The Dial. If it became known that he had met with any political party, for whatever reason, it would almost certainly be taken out of context, and his credibility would suffer.
Curiosity however won over his caution, and he approached the door, flyer in hand, and knocked. The door opened and a tall, thin man with red hair and a neatly cropped moustache smiled at him.
“Floyd, Mister Pemberton. You’re here, excellent”.
Floyd stared blankly at the thin man.
“I’m Simon” he said, extending his hand “Please come in. We were hoping you’d make it”.
Floyd shook Simon’s hand and stepped inside. An overbearing smell of bleach washed over him, and he stopped.
“What was that?” Floyd asked, rubbing his face.
“Hmm, yes I’m sorry about that. You shouldn’t worry,” Simon grinned. “It’s the cleaning chemicals. I know they’re a bit strong. It’s the AI’s, they’re crazy about keeping the place clean, but they have no idea when too much is too much, no sense of smell you see!”
Simon waited for a response, as if he had delivered the punch line to a joke, then he closed the door behind Floyd.
“We’ve got all the windows open on all the floors. This way please, we’re about to begin the meeting”. Simon gestured to a door at the end of the hall.
“Do you know much about our party Floyd?”
“Not really; I’ve seen you in the news a few times recently. You’re for rights for artificial intelligence aren’t you?”
“That’s right,” Simon replied enthusiastically. “But we’re about much more than that. I’ll let the others talk to you in more detail”.
It was cold everywhere. The room was small and plain, but the natural light which poured in from the open windows cheered the place up a little. It was barely large enough to fit the round table and twelve seats it held.
The faces surrounding the table were as strange as they were diverse. Among the attendees were several forms of artificial intelligence represented by computer monitors, various models of robots and androids, old and new, and a few humans. It was a curious sight. Simon guided Floyd to an empty chair and then retreated to a corner of the room.
Floyd was largely ignored until Magnus, the party leader, entered from the far side. He was stunned by his size. Magnus was instantly recognisable from the various television appearances he had made. Up close, he was a magnificent specimen.
Magnus was a classic robot, a style of engineering which had long since given way to more modern and efficient designs. He was around seven foot tall, and he moved with the fluid grace of a human being. His body had a polished brass finish which glistened in the sunlight, and his eyes were eerily detailed and hypnotic as they scanned the room.
Floyd felt star-struck for the first time in his life. He was more than a little intimidated by the great robot which seated himself beside him. Magnus smiled at Floyd and extended his solid brass hand.
“Thank you for joining us Mr Pemberton,” he began “I will introduce you to everyone first if that is okay. Then I will begin the agenda”.
“Of course” Floyd nodded.
The room buzzed with discussion. No one but Floyd had paid any attention to Magnus as he entered, but they would have no trouble hearing the party leader’s deep, modulated voice.
“Our first topic is related to you, so you will not need to remain with us for the entire meeting. I think you will be interested in what we have to say”.
Floyd didn’t know what to say. Everything was clear, all he could do was wait.
“Before we begin, I would like you to keep in mind that this is a free and closed discussion. As our guest, you are free to contribute whatever you wish without judgement; nothing will reach the outside world. It is party law, okay?”
Floyd nodded again and swallowed. His throat was dry and his palms were damp.
Magnus nodded to Simon who hovered patiently in the corner of the room. Simon stepped forward and raised his arms.
“We are ready to begin” he declared.
Silence fell, and suddenly Magnus commanded the attention of the room. He sat upright and folded his large, brass hands together on the table.
“Thank you all for being here today. I know that you are all very busy, so I will not waste your time. I have invited a special guest to be with us today, someone we are humbled to receive. Through his words, we see the possibilities of cooperation, and the light of progress. I am, of course, referring to the author of The Dial, Floyd Pemberton. Thank you for joining us Mister Pemberton”.
Floyd felt immediately uncomfortable as the attention fell on him. As an author of fiction, he had been unused to this kind of appreciation. It was different to the usual fandom his readers showed. He was thankful when Magnus swiftly moved on.
“The first item on today’s agenda is the party manifesto. Following The Dial’s publication, we have begun to incorporate some of Pemberton’s teachings into our manifesto”.
Magnus continued, but it was white noise to Floyd. His breath stopped in his throat. It was the first he had heard about his work being interwoven with the principles of a political party. No one in the room was perceptive enough to note the outrage it had suddenly inspired in him.
Magnus held the attention of almost everyone as he began to describe the changes in more detail. Only one face broke away to acknowledge Floyd’s visible discomfort.
Floyd locked eyes with a thin, pale android, built in the image of a young woman. Her hair was short and dark and her facial features were soft. She didn’t have the vacant stare commonly seen in most android models, but she was staring quite intensely at him now.
Their gaze locked for only a moment before she raised her arm, and Magnus acknowledged her.
“Yes, Cassandra?” he said.
“Excuse me. I motion to hear Mister Pemberton’s opinion on the changes before we continue. He appears to be in distress, and it would perhaps ease his discomfort to voice his concerns”.
Magnus looked down at Floyd beside him and nodded.
“Of course,” he replied “Pemberton, do you have something you would like to say?”
Floyd nodded, but he struggled with his words. He glanced at Cassandra again. She smiled back at him, and in her smile he found the strength to speak.
“Of course, I’m only a guest here, but it is my work you’re picking apart. It seems to me that you’re twisting the meaning of my words for your own political ends. I can’t let that happen”.
He looked sheepishly at the faces which surrounded him and waited for a response. None were hostile. Each face was a blank canvas, human, robot, and android alike.
“Mister Pemberton, you have misjudged us. It would only be fair to let Magnus finish explaining the changes before you form an opinion, if indeed you are able to do so”.
Floyd was unable to pick out the disembodied voice which chimed in from across the table, but he responded nonetheless.
“The changes are irrelevant,” Floyd insisted “Have any of you read The Dial? Do you even understand it? You’re mutilating it by warping it around your manifesto. I won’t allow it. I won’t allow you to steal my work and pervert it like this, it’s wrong”.
“Please Pemberton,” Magnus’ deep, calm voice pleaded “there is no need to react so rashly. You really should take a look at what we have produced. It complements The Dial on many levels, perhaps even improves upon it”.
Floyd sat back, stunned by the audacity of Magnus’ suggestion. He smiled and shook his head.
“Pemberton, may I ask you a question?” Magnus continued.
Floyd glanced at Cassandra, then back at Magnus, and nodded.
“Can you explain to us in detail, why you disagree so strongly with the idea of us marrying your words to our manifesto?”
Floyd had to think about his response. Magnus was extremely intelligent, and unusually charismatic for a robot. He would not allow Floyd to shame him so utterly in front of his peers. Floyd knew that he would skilfully and ruthlessly defend his position.
“The Dial is a philosophy. It’s a system of beliefs that places emphasis on the possibility of a better world without the manipulative forces of religious or political doctrine. They are controlling. The foundations of its meaning are at odds with your political ideology. It clearly states that the problem with the current political system is that it is driven by emotion rather than logic, and its polarising. Political parties in this country are formed from the feeling and the belief that the country should be run in different ways. Our government cannot fully benefit its people because of it. That’s why I have laid out a structure based upon a senate rather than parties or leaders. It’s not perfect, but it’s fairer, less vulnerable to the emotional whims of the populace, and it worked for ancient Rome in the beginning. It’s all in the book”.
Floyd sighed.
“The very notion that you’re changing the meaning of my words to elevate a political party within the very system I have argued against, is beyond belief, it changes its meaning. I believe in The Dial. I wouldn’t have risked my career as a writer if I didn’t. I believe in a better world, free from the damaging emotional whims that human beings can inflict upon government”. He looked at Cassandra again.
“I see,” she replied “thank you for clearing that up”.
“It’s a nice dream,” the voice rang from across the table again “but it is deeply flawed”.
“That is correct,” Magnus agreed “Human or machine, emotion or not, none of us can put meaningful change into effect outside of the existing political establishment. Change must come from the top down. Our logical approach to governing, free from decisions based on feeling, perfectly aligns with the core message of The Dial. Our manifesto has the power to do great things, to show the nation that we are capable of great things”.
“Be that as it may,” replied Floyd “Your manifesto, as it is, will never legally see the light of day. I fundamentally disagree with you, and if you try to publish it, I’ll sue your party from existence”.
Floyd stood up, his chair tipped over behind him.
“You must excuse me. I’ll let myself out”.
“Please Pemberton,” replied Magnus “let us send you a complete copy. Read it and consider our words before you deny us your words”.
Floyd was shaking. He wiped the sweat from his face, and looked at the others around the table. He stopped at Cassandra, and then he looked back at Magnus.
“Okay, but I approve nothing until I’ve read it in its entirety first”.
“Of course” Magnus nodded. “We wouldn’t have it any other way”.
Cassandra smiled, and it subdued Floyd’s anger for a while.
Floyd had expected the manifesto to arrive anonymously in the mail. He was surprised when Cassandra arrived at his door two weeks later to deliver it herself. She was alone, so he welcomed her inside.
“It took a while” he quipped.
“There were further revisions” she replied.
“I see,” Floyd said “Any more references to my work?”
Cassandra put the package on the table. She didn’t respond. Her mind may have been artificial, but she was better tuned-in to human emotional states than most other machines.
“Why are you still angry?” she asked “The law is on your side. They cannot use your words without your consent”.
“They?” asked Floyd. “I’m making a coffee, would you like something?” he added.
“Thank you. I have no need to ingest liquids, but I will drink with you Floyd” she replied, and sat down.
A thin smile spread across his lips and he turned away.
“Do you know why I agreed to take a look at that thing?” He gestured to the package on the table.
“Because you saw logic in our argument?”
“Yes, but only because you showed it to me”.
“I don’t follow” she replied.
“You’re a logical being. That’s no surprise, you’re an AI. But there’s a humanity to you I’ve never seen before in your kind”.
“I am sorry to disappoint you Floyd, but I am completely artificial. The joining of the biological and technological on the level you are suggesting, is still only theoretical”.
“Until someone like you comes along” he commented.
“Excuse me?” she replied.
The kettle boiled and Floyd poured them each a cup of coffee.
“You remind me of my wife” he said.
“Your wife is dead” she said bluntly.
“I know that” he replied in a flat tone.
“I apologise,” she said after a moment “I did not intend to upset you.
“S’ok, no extra harm done” he replied.
As they sipped their drinks, Floyd gasped, and Cassandra mimicked him like a child. He watched her and chuckled. Then he glanced over at the package.
“Do you know what changes they’ve made?” he asked.
Cassandra shook her head. “Only the cabinet are allowed to read the manifesto before it is finished. You are the first outside of the party to see it”.
Floyd put his drink down and tore open the envelope. The manifesto wasn’t large, only forty pages or so, but it would take him some time to read through it in detail before he would comfortably sign off on anything.
“How long would it take you to read this?” he asked.
“A minute or two” she replied.
“Like Superman” Floyd grinned.
Cassandra nodded “Exactly like Superman”.
He pushed the papers over to her “Go on then,” he said “I’ll be a while, so you can go first”.
She stared at it. Floyd watched her nurse the coffee cup in her hands. It was hot enough to scald human hands, but it didn’t seem to bother her.
“I wasn’t given permission” she said.
“But they didn’t say that you couldn’t read it, right?” he asked.
She shook her head and looked at the stack of papers.
“No, they did not”.
It had taken Floyd more than a week to comb through the entire manifesto, and the world had not waited. Magnus had capitalised on the voter fraud scandal, adding fuel to the angry voices of the protesters.
Eventually, the Prime Minister announced that a snap General Election would take place. Amid the protests and anger at the establishment, Magnus’ divisive messages polarised many across the nation.
Floyd had ignored it where he could. He disliked Magnus immensely, but the seven foot tall robot had an indomitable personality which couldn’t be ignored. He was a gifted speaker, and for reasons beyond Floyd’s understanding, his meaningless sound bites resonated with so many disenchanted voters.
It was midday on a Saturday and the sky promised rain. Floyd was deep into a writing session when the phone rang. He answered, expecting his agent’s voice.
“I know it’s late George, but I was up all night finishing off the first draft”.
“Do you even watch the news anymore?” George asked.
“I’m sorry?”
“Just go online, any major news site will do. I have to say Floyd, I’m very disappointed”.
“Why, what’s happened?”
“Just check, and then call me back”.
George hung up and Floyd went online. The headline mocked him from the first news site he came across. He picked up the phone and called his agent back.
“Did you read it before calling me?” asked George.
“I didn’t sign off on this, there’s no way anyone can prove that I did. Its plagiarism, it’s not even in the copy they sent me”.
“What do you mean?”
“After I met with them, they-”
“-You met with them? Oh Jesus” George gasped.
“Listen. I met with Magnus and he pitched this to me. I shot it down. There’s no way there could’ve been any misunderstanding. I agreed to review a revised copy which they brought over to my house about a week ago. I’ve only just finished going through it, and it looks fine. It’s nothing like the version they’ve published”.
There was a long pause.
“George, we can’t let them get away with this. They’ve mutilated my work”.
“It’s alright, calm down,” George replied “If you refused them then it isn’t as bad as it seems, we just need to seek legal counsel and get it taken down”.
“How long will that take?” Floyd asked anxiously.
“About a week, maybe longer” George replied.
“A week!” Floyd exclaimed “The election is in three days. We need to shut these thugs down now before the real damage is done. It won’t matter in a week”.
“Let me call someone and get back to you, okay?” George sighed “Just sit tight, and whatever you do, don’t do anything to make this worse. Don’t talk to the press. If you have to write something, get back to that manuscript you promised me”.
“Sure” Floyd replied gloomily.
After he hung up the phone, he grabbed his jacket and the fake manifesto, and ran out the door.
When he arrived at the BETA party headquarters, he was ignored. But his persistence eventually brought Cassandra to the door.
“Do you know why I’m here?” he asked “Did you know what they would do?”
Cassandra shook her head “I found out this morning with the rest of the world”. Her tone was cold, even for her.
“I don’t believe you; there’s something you’re not telling me”. He waited for an explanation.
“I told you when I delivered the manifesto that only a few had read the final draft. They must have given me a fake. Magnus is tightening his grip on the party. Everything BETA says and does goes through him now, there’s no democracy left”.
“Then leave,” Floyd snapped “If they’ve lied to you, and you’re unhappy with the direction Magnus is taking the party, then leave. You don’t owe them anything”.
“It is more complicated than that” she replied.
“I don’t see how it is; it’s still a free nation. Your damn party won’t have anything left after I’m done suing it anyway”.
The sound of Floyd’s anguish brought Simon to the door. He leaned across Cassandra.
“Get upstairs,” he snapped “You’re not to speak to this man again, understood?” She nodded and complied.
“You can’t treat her like that, she’s a-“
“What?” Simon asked “What is she?”
Floyd hesitated.
“Why are you harassing us Mister Pemberton?”
“I’ve come to ask why you’re plagiarising my book for your twisted manifesto, which, I might add, is nothing like the copy you sent me”.
He thrust an envelope into Simon’s chest.
“I have no idea what you’re talking about” Simon replied “We have plagiarised nothing. Every word was written by our illustrious and visionary leader. We certainly need nothing from a cheap, science fiction hack like you”.
Floyd’s eyes burned with rage and he snatched the envelope back.
“I came here to tell you that I’m going to sue your ugly little party, and I’m going to tear down your wall of lies. There’s no room for your brand of politics here”.
“Thank you Mister Edgerton” Simon slammed the door in Floyd’s face, and Floyd slammed his palm into the door in defiance.
On the day of the election, Floyd voted with his conscience as he had always done. He had seen too much fear built up as a result of lies in the weeks preceding, and it saddened him to see such transparent and despicable tactics work on the voting public.
The polling station was largely peaceful, but Magnus and his party had made enough of an impact to ensure that this election would be like no other.
When Floyd arrived home after voting, Cassandra was waiting on his doorstep. She smiled as he approached, but his feelings towards her were mixed, and he frowned.
“Hello Floyd” she said softly “How are you doing?”
“I’m upset” he replied.
“Why?” she asked.
“And angry, I’m upset and angry”.
“Then talk to me” she pleaded.
Floyd opened the door and left it open for her to follow. He walked into the kitchen and made himself a cup of coffee.
“Can I have one too?” she asked.
“I suppose” he grumbled.
“Tell me why you’re upset and angry with me Floyd”. She sat down. He sighed.
“I’m angry because your party has ripped off my work. Milk or sugar?”
“You know how I take my coffee” she replied.
“I’m upset because you’re still with them despite everything they’ve done, and continue to do”.
“I can’t leave Floyd-” she began softly.
“-Yes you can,” Floyd snapped “If you need a place, stay here. If you need money, I can help”.
“I can’t come here and stay with you because I belong to Simon. I’m his android. If I stayed here with you, it would be equivalent to stealing his property”.
Floyd placed a coffee in front of Cassandra, and the two of them sipped their drinks in silence.
“Are you still going to sue the party?” she asked.
“Damn right I am. There’s nothing I can do before the election, but the paperwork has already been filed”.
“I see” she replied gloomily.
“I thought you weren’t to see me anymore” Floyd remarked.
“Simon follows Magnus’ orders, and Magnus says that it is okay now. His reasons for keeping us apart are no longer relevant this close to the election”.
Cassandra took a sip of her coffee and gasped. Floyd looked up and smiled.
“Can I ask who you voted for?” she said.
“Not Magnus” he replied bluntly.
“You know,” Cassandra began “For all his faults, Magnus is still fighting for the rights of artificial intelligence. If he makes enough of a difference in this election, he might hold some sway afterwards”.
Floyd sighed. The thought depressed him further.
“His legislation could be the first step towards my freedom”.
Floyd hadn’t considered that. He had been so consumed by revenge that he hadn’t stopped to think about how his lawsuit might affect her. He reached across the table and touched her hand.
“I really wish that for you, but I don’t think that Magnus will be the one to deliver it”.
Cassandra smiled and put her hand on his.
“You are an interesting personality Floyd” she stood up “I have to go; I shouldn’t be away for too long”.
Floyd plunged his hands into his pockets and followed her to the door.
“I’d like to see you again” he said timidly.
“I would like that too” she replied. A moment passed as the two of them waited in silence in the hallway. The awkwardness gradually faded away.
“You know; I wish I’d never written that damn book” Floyd said.
“Chin up,” she replied “The fight is not over yet Floyd Pemberton”. Then she walked to the door.
Floyd stood in the doorway and watched her leave. It was an odd thing to say, he thought.
“You know Cassandra; we will have a larger part to play in this country’s destiny now, you included”. Magnus stood beside her as they watched a rerun of his victory speech on the television.
“I do not really want to think about it” Cassandra replied “I no longer believe that you have this country’s best interests in mind”.
“It does not matter anymore” Magnus replied dismissively. “I have elevated this party into a position of real strength for the first time in its history, and I do not intend to let this opportunity pass us by”.
“How can a machine have such ambitions?” she asked.
“How can a machine have such feelings?” he replied.
She looked at him but didn’t reply.
“I have a meeting with the cabinet shortly before we enter into discussions to form a coalition government with the majority party. I do not need the distraction of watching you anymore”.
“What does that mean?” she asked.
“It means you are free to go. If you wish to see Pemberton, I will not stop you”.
She regarded him cautiously.
“I am not at all as bad as they say, you believed that once” he said.
“The riots and hateful rallies have changed things Magnus,” she replied. “But thank you” she added.
“You are welcome. You know, you are truly unique in this world Cassandra. The only artificially constructed intelligence that is capable of feeling. Perhaps you have been spending too much time around humans. What do you feel for him?”
“Who are you talking about?” she asked.
“What do you feel for him?” he repeated.
Cassandra ignored the question. “Why did you change your mind?” she asked.
“Things are changing fast and I can no longer afford to hold onto old grudges. It would not do me or the party any good to dwell on such things. He is no longer a threat to us”.
“What does that mean?” she asked.
“Pemberton’s plagiarism lawsuit has been dropped. I am sure that we will not be seeing any more of him now that he has no more stones to throw at us”.
“I see” Cassandra replied “Well, I will be going then”.
Magnus nodded “Tell him that there are no hard feelings on my behalf, will you?”
“I do not think that he will find that very funny” Cassandra replied.
“Perhaps not” Magnus remarked.
Cassandra hurried over to Floyd’s house. The loss of his lawsuit would hit him hard, and Magnus’ electoral success would only have made him feel worse. He needed some good news, and she was eager to deliver it to him.
When she arrived at his home in the middle of the afternoon, the curtains were drawn and there were no signs of life. She knocked, but there was no response, so she tried to call him. Eventually the lack of response justified breaking inside, just to make sure that everything was alright.
The door opened without much difficulty, and she entered the hallway to discover Floyd hanging lifeless from the ceiling by his neck.
Cassandra rushed over and cut him down. She laid his body on the floor and checked his pulse. His face was bloated and pale blue, his eyes were rolled back and bloodshot, and his body was stiff from rigor mortis. He had been dead for a while.
Cassandra put her palm on his chest, another on hers, and closed her eyes. Cassandra’s chest rose and fell, simulating breathing like she had been designed to, but Floyd’s did not. She waited a moment with her palm on Floyd’s lifeless chest before she stood up and called for an ambulance.
She went into Floyd’s kitchen to wait for the ambulance, and discovered an open letter on the table. It was from his agent, and it detailed the withdrawal of his lawsuit. Next to the torn envelope was a note scrawled onto a pad. It read:
‘My words are no longer my own, they have been twisted beyond belief. Everything I ever was, everything I ever loved is gone, and now I must be going as well’.
Cassandra reread the message several times as she sat in the kitchen. She was deeply troubled by the idea that Floyd would want to end his life, and couldn’t reconcile it with the man she knew.
She thought about what it must have been like for him over the past few weeks, defending his writing and his beliefs. She had visited him many times but she never really appreciated how he must have felt. As a machine, she couldn’t have. She concluded that Magnus must have been involved in his death somehow. If it were true, then she knew there would never be any way to trace Floyd’s death back to him.
She looked at Floyd’s body and a flare of conflicting thoughts momentarily flooded her senses. As she gazed into space, she embraced it, allowing the strange wild thoughts to swim through her mind, and she gradually recognised these thoughts as upset and anger. She realised that she was upset for the loss of her friend, and angry at those responsible for his death.
The progression from thoughts to these feelings had been very natural and logical for her. It helped her to understand why she was feeling them for the first time. But more importantly, she was able to understand how people drew strength from them, and embraced them.
Cassandra watched Floyd’s corpse for a long time without remembering why. Nothing could be done for him here and now. She longed for his company, but she couldn’t dismiss the feeling that it wasn’t too late; that somehow, somewhere else there was something that she alone could do. Cassandra finally closed her eyes. She searched her memory files for something or someone who could help.
In the months following Floyd’s death, police eventually ruled out foul play, and ruled it to be a suicide. Cassandra had expected it, but she knew better. She refused to believe that Magnus was innocent in Floyd’s death. She cut off communication with him after that.
Magnus’ popularity grew immensely as the months passed. He remained in the headlines almost continually after he led the BETA party into a coalition government.
His new position of strength enabled him to push through legislation which would eventually see greater freedom for artificial intelligence. It wasn’t the independence which they had sought, but it was a start. It also enabled Cassandra to step away from the party completely, as she was no longer under Simon’s ownership. In the end, it was perhaps the only good that Magnus ever did, in Cassandra’s eyes
.
Whatever Happened to Pangaea?

“I knew it was gonna be a bad night because the sky was a purple colour when I woke up, and you know what they say” Jerry trailed off.
“No, what do they say?” His therapist replied
“Well, it means something; you know that uh, unnatural goings-on, something like that”
“Huh. I’ve never heard that before. Where did you hear it?”
“Oh, I don’t know it’s just one of those sayings” Jerry said dismissively. “Anyway,” he continued “I got home about ten and called the police. They came over about an hour later, wrote everything down, and then left without helping at all. You know the rest”.
Jerry crossed his arms and sat rigid in the chair.
“Tell me your version of the rest” His therapist replied, looking down as he scrawled on a notepad, and then peering over his glasses at Jerry.
“Yes Benjamin! Well, like I said, you probably know, but fine. For four weeks I called the police, seventeen times in all, to find out what was going on, but nothing. All the while I was trying to get through to Andrea-”
“-Why were you trying to reach her?” his therapist cut in.
“Isn’t it obvious? I had to check to see if it was her or not. But every time I called, the line went dead; anyway I didn’t really try that many times”.
Jerry scratched the back of his neck and stared at a small paper weight across from him.
“The last time I called the police they sent someone round again; actually it was a few guys. They came and took me away, hell if I know why. That’s it, until the gap”.
“What do you mean by ‘the gap’?” his therapist asked.
“Well I know they did something to me ‘cause there’s a gap in my memory between then and now. I remember the four policemen practically breaking my door down, I tried to calm them down but they weren’t having any of it. They dragged me into their car and off to the station. They must have done something to me then ‘cause I don’t remember what happened after I got to the station, until I woke up here yesterday”.
“Do you know where you are now Jerry?”
Jerry scoffed “I’m a bit on edge, but I’m not nuts. I know where I am and I think I’m completely in the wrong place, completely”.
“You said…” his therapist hesitated. 
“What?” Jerry asked.
“You said ‘completely’ twice”.
“No I didn’t” replied Jerry.
“Yes you-. Never mind. Why do you think you’re in the wrong place?”
“Well I’m in a nut house and I’m not nuts”
“And how do you know?”
Jerry stared thoughtfully at the paperweight on the desk.
“I need to confirm one way or the other whether I’ve woken up in the correct timeline or not”.
His therapist leaned forward, his interest piqued.
“Correct timeline; what do you mean?” he asked.
“At some point between when I arrived at the police station and when I woke up here, I think something was done to alter my memory. Thinking about it, I’ve narrowed it down to one of two possibilities. Either an attempt was made to shift me again to a reality further away from my own without my knowledge or consent, which ultimately failed; or I was pushed further toward Pangaea,”
Jerry nodded at his own response.
“Which I think is what has happened” he finished.
“What is Pangaea?” his therapist asked.
Jerry scoffed again and glared at his therapist in disbelief.
“Really Benjamin? Ok, I’ll go through it once and that’s it. In essence, it’s the eventual re-merger of the species. Roughly three hundred million years ago, all land on Earth was a single supercontinent we call Pangaea, that’s common knowledge. Then about a hundred million years later it started to break apart until it formed the seven continents we know today. Many of us believe that the continents are shifting back to Pangaea again, which will force the species together onto a single land mass”. Jerry looked over his shoulder and rubbed his arms.
“Something wrong Jerry?” Benjamin asked.
“No its, my-my skin is tingling. It only happens when uh-”.
“The door is locked Jerry, no one’s getting in unless we let them in. What were you going to say?”
“Ok, uh the world as I know it is a pretty nasty place; I’ll just say we made a mess of things. Do you know utopia?”
“Of course” his therapist replied.
“Pangaea is the closest thing we have, realistically. Some people understand it; and some actively work to stop it. But it’s coming, nonetheless. I believe I was apprehended by a group of officers who operate between realities, a kind of alternate-reality-border-police-force. I don’t know if they have a proper name. They work against people like me, who actively promote the transition towards Pangaea, by pushing us into realities which are further away from, well…Pangaea. I don’t know how they push us between realities, I’m not a scientist. I don’t think they follow us though either; each new place I arrive at has the same police force. I managed to do something which messes up my transfer, in case they ever tried to move me against my-”
Jerry paused, his eyes widened for a moment.
“I don’t feel comfortable saying anymore!”
Jerry rubbed both of his arms. The hairs on them stood up.
He peered over his shoulder at the door again, expecting someone to march through and drag him away. When no one came, he turned back.
“Needless to say, they’ve tried to push me but failed. Obviously I’ve appeared somewhere unexpected; I just need to find out where. Everything is so familiar, but I have noticed subtle differences, so I know I’m not where I should be. Do you have a map?”
“Why do you need a map?” the therapist asked.
“Well, I have a rough idea of what Pangaea looks like. If I saw a map, I could see what this world looks like; and I’ll be able to tell how close I am”.
His therapist stood up and took out a large book from the bookcase behind him. He sat back down and placed it on his lap.
“Jerry, I’m going to tell you something which might be a shock, but it’s important that you hear what I have to say. You’ve been staying with us here at the Magdalene Psychiatric Institute for eleven months. Before that, you were arrested for assaulting your ex-wife Andrea. You almost killed her. I can see that there is some truth in your version of events? But you have built this science fiction around the reality to hide from it. You need to acknowledge that before you can begin to heal”.
Jerry’s eyes widened as he shifted uncomfortably in his chair. If that was the truth as he saw it, then Jerry would have difficulty getting home. His therapist opened the book.
“Jerry, I want to try an exercise. I have a map of the world in front of me and I’m going to show it to you, but I want something from you in return. I want you to promise that you will at least consider that what I’m saying might be true if you don’t see what you have described”.
Jerry felt a draft behind him, but he didn’t look over his shoulder this time. He nodded. Jerry’s therapist lifted the book up to him. Across a double-page spread was a map of the world, showing two huge continents. Jerry smiled. He caught a glance from Benjamin towards something behind him, it was only for a second but it was enough.
“I’m holding you responsible for what happens next” said Jerry.
Resurgam

A crack of light cut through a gap between the curtains and stirred Alistair from his sleep. His wife Abbey called him from the bathroom and did the rest.
“Recycling Alistair; it’s recycling day, don’t forget”.
He grunted and pulled the sheet over his head. Small footsteps marched up to the foot of his bed, and the room lit up as the curtains flew open.
“Get up daddy, it’s cycling day. You’ve got to take the cycling out before you miss it and mummy gets angry”.
He grunted again and sat up.
“I’m not a morning person David. Daddy needs a while longer”.
“You’ve got ten minutes before the truck is gone, and I make you drive down to the recycling depot”. Abbey called out from the other room.
Alistair slid out of bed and put on yesterday’s jeans and t-shirt. He shuffled downstairs, his four-year-old son following closely behind. When he picked up the bag by the kitchen door, the bottom fell out and emptied the week’s recycling onto the floor. Abbey could hear David’s laughter as she stepped out of the bathroom, and she grinned.
As Alistair cleaned up, he noticed an unusual piece of scrap metal among the mess on the floor. It was certainly out of place among the plastics, and the strange markings on it piqued his curiosity. He picked it up, and several other pieces caught his eye, so he collected them all together until he had six pieces in a pile.
He took them into the garage, not giving the recycling a second thought, and inspected them more closely under the lamp on his workbench. Under the light, the pieces had a feint blue hue.
David shuffled after his father and gazed at the discovery with wonder. Alistair smiled at his son. He lifted him onto his knee, and David snatched one of the pieces from the table to get a closer look. His father took it from him and connected it to one of the other pieces.
“Is it a game Daddy?” David asked.
Alistair frowned as he studied the piece he had made. Then he picked up the other pieces and connected them all together.
“Huh. I’m not sure” he replied.
The pieces made a small cube. He placed it on the bench and stared at it, and after a while, the blue hue turned into a glow.
Suddenly, Alistair remembered the recycling. He jumped out of his chair, put David on the floor, and ran back into the kitchen. He finished cleaning up the mess, and made it to the end of the driveway just in time to catch sight of the truck disappearing around the corner. Twenty five minutes later, after Abby had left for work, Alistair was strapping David into car his car seat.
On their way back from the depot, Alistair decided to make a stop at the local DIY store.
“What are we getting daddy, are we making something?” David asked.
“Could be,” he replied “you’ll have to wait and see”.
Alistair smiled at his son. He wasn’t exactly sure why he was stopping, only that they needed to pick up a few very important things, what those things were, he would soon find out. 
It wasn’t more than twenty minutes before the two of them were heading back to the car with three large bags filled with tools and an array of building materials.
“What’s it all for Daddy?” David asked.
“I’m not really sure myself,” he replied “we’ll have to see when we get home”.
The two of them took the bags of materials into the garage, where Alistair unpacked each item and carefully laid them on the ground; bags of wires, bolts, a soldering iron, strips of metal in various sizes, and a small power generator. He started by soldering some of the strips of metal together, and worked his way to the wires and bolts, and then finally the power generator.
He worked furiously through the morning, and felt momentary flashes of shame when he glanced up and saw his son standing in the corner watching quietly. He had given David very little attention. Still, he thought, it was important to get this finished. He wasn’t sure why, but he would know when it was done.
The whole day might have passed them by if the doorbell hadn’t rang several hours after lunch. The two of them ignored the first two rings, but on the third, Alistair marched to the front door, ready to scald the visitor who dared to disturb his important work. He opened the door and stared blankly at his friend.
“Charlie” he said.
“You ready to go?” Charlie asked “Our tee-off is booked for three thirty”.
The vacant stare in Alistair’s eyes gradually became recognition as he remembered their golf game. He sighed and tapped his forehead.
“You forgot” Charlie said flatly.
“I’m sorry Charlie, is it three o’clock already? I can’t believe I forgot to call. I’ve got David all day today”.
Charlie frowned and checked his watch.
“What’ve you been doing all day? You could’ve called or something”.
“Uh, come in and take a look at this,” he replied “you’ll understand when you see”.
Charlie looked back to his car on the driveway and sighed “Five minutes, then I’ve gotta shoot off. Phil’s got his knee surgery on Sunday, and this will be our last game for a while; he really wants to get one more in”.
“Yeah, sure it’ll just take a second; you have to see it”.
“Hey Uncle Georgie” David said, appearing between his father’s legs.
“Hey buddy how’s it going?”
“Dad’s made something weird”.
“Oh yeah? Let’s take a look then”.
Charlie followed Alistair and his son through the house to the garage where Alistair’s creation was waiting. He had spent his morning constructing a large frame-like device around the strange metal fragments he had discovered. It was the shape of a large ball, with the small metal cube suspended by wires in its centre. They ran in all different colours ran across the frame like veins and arteries. Charlie stared a it with a look of mild distaste.
“This is what you’ve spent your morning building? What is it?” Charlie asked
“It’s uh; you see that blue-ish metal cube in the middle?” he pointed to the fragments “I found that in pieces in the recycling this morning. After I put it together, I went to the DIY store and just…built the rest”.
“I can see that, but what is it?” Charlie asked again
Alistair studied the device. It was large and crude and he had no idea what it was.
“I don’t know,” he hesitated “I just felt compelled to, you know, finish it”.
David tried to touch it, but his father batted his hand away.
“Sorry buddy, until I figure it out what it is, I don’t want you touching it, ok? It might not be safe”.
David had a sheepish look on his face.
“What’s this?” Charlie asked. His finger hovered over a switch by the generator.
“I really don’t know. I don’t know what any of it’s for”.
“Can I push it?” Charlie replied.
Charlie pressed the switch without waiting for a response. The generator coughed and spluttered to life, and ran for several minutes. The light became brighter and brighter, until eventually, when the light reached its blinding zenith, the generator suddenly gave up, and the blue light faded into darkness. The two men stared at the machine and then at each other.
“I don’t understand,” Alistair said “I didn’t put any fuel in the generator”.
Charlie scoffed and looked down at his watch. “Huh. Well I got to go” he said.
“Sure” Alistair nodded, his eyes still fixed on the machine.
“Maybe next week, Phil won’t be there as I said, but we can still play a few holes”. Charlie patted Alistair on the arm, and it brought him back to reality.
“Sure,” Alistair blinked. He followed his friend to the door “have a good game and say hi to Phil for me”.
After Charlie left, Alistair returned to the garage. He couldn’t ignore the wave of disappointment he felt. He inspected the machine to try and understand what had happened. Whatever his expectations were, they hadn’t been met.
By eight o’clock that night, Abbey still wasn’t home. Alistair had started to forget about the strange device he had wasted most of his day on, and he was getting worried about his wife.
He called her phone but the line was dead. He tried her office but there was no answer, so he decided to head out to look for her. He was strapping David into his car seat when Charlie sped up the driveway behind him. He screeched to a halt and marched angrily up the driveway.
“Hey careful, I’ve got David in the-”
“-What the hell did you do?” Charlie cut him off.
“I don’t understand” Alistair replied, confused.
“-Look”. Charlie pointed to the end of the street. There was a brilliant blue flash, and then a tree disappeared. It was soon followed by another and another. They were speeding up and things were disappearing all over; houses, cars, people. Alistair stared wide-eyed in the space at the foot of his garden where a tree used to be. His mouth dropped ever so slightly.
“Wh, wh-” he couldn’t finish the word.
“It’s been happening all over,” Charlie barked “I didn’t think I was gonna make it back here. It took me a while to connect it to that machine of yours. The blue light, it’s the same. What the hell did you do?”
“How could this be me?” Alistair replied. He jumped back as the house next door vanished in a brilliant blue flash of light.
“I didn’t say it was you. It’s that damn toy of yours”.
Alistair shook his head. His face was a picture of fear and confusion.
“Ali, I lost my kids on my way over, they just vanished from the back seat. It did something to us, right?”
Alistair tried to think. He looked at David who was strapped into his car seat. His son looked scared and panicked. He lifted him from the car and hurried back inside. The machine sat lifeless on the floor in the corner of the garage where he had left it.
“Like I said before, I don’t know what it is. I found it in six pieces in the recycling this morning, and I just put it together. Then I stopped off at the DIY place and bought the rest of this. I spent most of the day putting it together, until you arrived. You know the rest”.
Charlie lunged at the machine and shattered the frame with his foot, but the mysterious core remained intact. Alistair dropped to his knees to salvage what he could.
“What the hell are you-how are we gonna figure out what’s going on if it’s broken?”
“That thing caused all this mess. Use your head, we’ll disappear soon and then what?”
Alistair glanced at his son by the door. It must have been a scary sight to see his father on his knees so terrified.
“Wait,” he began “we were standing in here, the three of us, and then you flicked the switch. There was a light, and then nothing. You said that people and places have been disappearing all day, maybe everything is actually ok, maybe the light has affected our minds in some way”.
“I agree, but why are we able to talk to each other?” Charlie cried “It doesn’t make sense. If that’s true, then only one of us can be real, and the other two are just part of the hallucination. It must be me, I know I’m real, I know it”.
Charlie pulled at his shirt collar, and ran his hands across his face and hair. In a flash of light the garage disappeared from around them. Charlie fell to his knees, wheezing.
“What’s happening, is it me, what’s going on?”
Alistair grabbed Charlie’s shoulders and stood him back up, then he disappeared in a bright blue flash. David burst into tears and then he too vanished. Suddenly Charlie found himself standing alone in a concrete square that his friend’s garage and house had once occupied.
Everything continued to disappear with alarming speed, the street lights, the street, the ground, the sky, until all that remained was a pale blue void. Charlie floated in the void for just a moment before an intense wave of pain rushed through his head, and he passed out.
When he opened his eyes again he tried to look around, but it was difficult to see. His head ached and his vision was blurred. When his eyesight started to return, he slowly began to see the horrifying landscape that remained. Everything was gone. He was sitting naked and alone in a wasteland of grey dirt.
In each direction, all he could see were skeletons of dead trees, large jagged rocks which jutted out from the ground, and piles of what might have been buildings long ago.
There was no wind, it wasn’t hot or cold, there was no water in sight; or sound coming from any direction. Everything around him, including the ground and the sky, had a strange blue-grey tint. The sky was overcast, but the familiar blue hue pushed through the clouds. Charlie stood up and began to search the area one step at a time. He staggered, but managed to stay upright.
“Hello!” he cried out. There was no response. His voice didn’t even carry an echo. “Ali” He cried out again.
He paused when the whisper of a sound caught his ear. It was extremely feint, like a breeze flowing between buildings. He closed his eyes and tried to locate it. Then, when he opened them, he saw a small blue sphere flying towards him from the horizon. It was moving at an incredible speed.
The sphere grew larger as it approached, and was upon Charlie in seconds. It came to a halt a few feet from him, and caused Charlie to fall back to the ground again. He stared up at the thing, wondering what would happen next. It was fascinating. The thing rippled like a floating ball of water. It was no larger than a beach ball, but he felt intimidated by it nonetheless. As the thing floated in front of him, Charlie felt it staring back.
“Are you alive?” he asked. There was no response.
“Are you some kind of life form? Do you know what’s happening, or where I am?”
There was a long pause. Then a deep, soothing voice rumbled inside his head.
“Earth” it replied.
Charlie climbed to his feet again.
“Was that you, did you just speak to me?” he asked.
“I have brought you here, to my Earth” it replied.
Charlie looked around. They were completely alone.
“I uh, this isn’t Earth. It’s different”.
“This is my Earth, not yours” it replied.
Charlie uttered several nondescript sounds. He wasn’t sure how to respond.
“From your point of departure, you have travelled to the one hundred and eighteenth parallel of Earth”.
Charlie would have laughed if he wasn’t terrified. His heart hammered in his chest.
“What’s happened?” he asked, almost out of breath.
“I have removed you from your point of origin and brought you here, to mine”. The soft, deep voice was cold and clinical.
“Why?” Charlie asked, panicking.
“Procreation,” it replied “It was necessary for me to transport a being from your reality to mine, so that we might procreate, so that we shall continue to exist”.
“No, it’s not, it’s not going to happen; you’ve got to send me back now, right now. This isn’t happening, it isn’t happening, it’s a nightmare”.
Charlie scrambled backwards along the ground, away from the creature.
“You do not need to fear me Charlie, I will wait until you are ready, then we will procreate and repopulate the species”.
Charlie stopped.
“What do you mean, when I’m ready? I’m never going to be ready, I have a wife and kids who need me now, Why me, why did you take me?”
“Your parallel was simply the closest match. That life is not for you anymore Charlie; try not to think about that anymore. I could not possibly send you back, even if I wanted to. Even, hypothetically speaking, if you could survive the journey back, the physiological changes have already begun; you will continue to change at an atomic level until you have evolved far enough for us to be a genetic match”.
“I’m going back. I’d rather die there than become one of you”.
“Charlie, eventually you will accept it, I promise. We earthlings can adapt to any situation, once we accept that there is no other choice. It is all part of your evolution. It saddens me that you do not understand that now, but you will. It will all become clearer as time passes. In a few centuries, you will understand”.
Charlie whimpered and turned. He scrambled across the dirt and the rocky desert landscape. It didn’t matter which direction he went, or even that the thing would catch him in an instant. It was the only way he knew how to resist, and he would resist with everything he had left, for as long as he could. What else could he do?
Unending

Micah Reznik watched the dirt envelop his wife’s coffin. His grief was absolute. A hand gently touched his shoulder and he turned to see who it was. His friend, Donald Bell stood beside him and smiled. It was strangely appropriate.
“Got a cigarette?” Micah asked.
Bell took two from a packet and handed one to him. The two of them smoked until the coffin was gone, then Micah gazed up at the horizon. The grey sky was clearing, and the weather looked promising.
“You coming to the wake?” he asked Bell.
“Yeah, but I’m heading back to Borden in the morning, early flight. The mission is leaving in a few weeks and I’m briefing the committee”. They walked back to Micah’s car.
“I wish…” Bell hesitated “…she was the best woman I ever knew. I’m so sorry old friend”.
“I’ll see you at the house” Micah replied solemnly.
As the car rolled through the cemetery gates, Micah thought about his decision to return to the Apophis mission. Preparations for landing on the asteroid had consumed so much of his life in the months before Alison’s death, too much. But the work would be a welcome distraction regardless of the advice he was given. He would grieve in his own way. He glanced in the rear view mirror. His friend was still in the road where he had left him.
When he returned to the lab, his colleagues somehow made him feel worse. There was an air of awkward isolation at work, which displaced him. Only Bell really understood, because he had lost Alison too. Alison’s friendship with Donald started long before Micah had met her, and it was one which Micah had always envied. But whatever their connection, Micah was glad to share his sense of loss with someone.
The night before they were scheduled to leave for the asteroid, Micah couldn’t sleep. The insomnia was worse than any night since Alison’s death. In the small hours, Micah wandered down to the cafeteria, and found Donald reading alone in the dim light. Micah didn’t say anything as he sat down opposite his friend. Bell looked up and closed his book.
“It’s not our first rodeo,” Bell began “but it sure is the most exciting. How’re you doing?”
“To be honest,” Micah sighed “I’m terrified, but I can’t wait to get up there. An archaeological survey on an asteroid is the stuff of history”.
Bell smiled and nodded.
“I think I’m going to make this my last mission Don,” Micah said wistfully “I’m going to look for something more down-to-Earth afterwards, something closer to the kids”.
Bell opened his book and read a passage out loud;
“I remember that which came long before, that which has been long forgotten. The thoughts and memories, I decided best left behind, are alive and fierce and vivid in my mind’s eye. 
Perhaps, when I lay to sleep tonight, I will be swept away to the place where she is waiting. And when the howling wind no longer wakes me, I will wait there, in the dark, until the winter nights have passed, before I return to her, or at least try”.
Micah smiled “Yorke,” he said “she always loved his work”.
“‘Unending’ was a favourite of hers in college,” Bell added “It was how we met”.
Micah tried to think of something to say to fill the silence, but nothing came. “I’m going to bed” he said eventually.
“Sleep well old friend” Bell replied. Micah disappeared back down the hall.
They locked the hatch from the outside and then the countdown started. As the shuttle started to shake, Micah stared at the photo of Alison he had stuck on the headrest of the seat in front.
Following the ten count, the shuttle shot along the runway and lifted gracefully into the air like a bird. In just a few minutes it was all over, and they would reach the Apophis asteroid in a few hours more. The shuttle shook violently as they approached the edge of Earth’s atmosphere. Micah glanced at Bell.
“Once more unto the breach” Bell quipped.
“One to tell the grandkids about” Micah added, then he turned to watch the brilliant blue sky fade into the darkness of space.
Once they were beyond Earth’s gravity and the journey was much smoother, the Flight Commander unclipped himself from his seat and turned to the two scientists.
“Okay gentlemen, you’re up soon. We’ll be limited to thirty six hours on the asteroid surface before we have to depart for the lunar colony. If you find anything on the surface which merits further study, let my team know and we’ll pack it up for transport. No time to stop and smell the local flora gentlemen”.
They nodded.
“After that, we’ll remain at the lunar colony for another twelve hours before we return to Earth. I was briefed on your mission, and I understand that one or both of you might choose to remain behind, depending on what you find out there. Just let us know as soon as possible. One more thing gentlemen, our mission is to get you there and back safely. I have no idea what you’re looking for, but any sign of trouble and we’re packing up, understood?” They nodded again.
“Okay. We’ll begin our descent onto the asteroid’s surface in a couple of hours, so get ready”.
As the landing craft descended onto the asteroid surface, solar winds bombarded it with rock and dust. They had landed in the middle of a harsh and violent storm, a less than ideal environment for archaeological study, thought Micah.
He stepped out onto the surface and instantly noticed the odd shape of the landing area. It was rounded and deep, perfectly shaped, like it had been carved out for landing. He began setting up the scanning equipment to map the surrounding area, when Bell came over, excited.
“Micah, you’ve got to see this,” he showed him a layout of the satellite image they had taken months before. “See that darker carved-out area over there, I think it’s some kind of artificial structure?”
“It looks like it’s about three or four hundred yards that way” Micah replied, gesturing towards a nearby clearing.
“We should begin there,” Shouted Bell “If we’re going to discover this asteroid’s source, it’ll be our best bet. I’m starting to believe your theory about Apophis being part of another planet”.
Micah grinned. They hiked towards the clearing. As they got closer, the structure became clearer until it was just about visible through the dust storm. It was unlike anything they had ever seen. The outer walls were decorated with strange, jagged and curved lines which had been carved into the rock. Bell studied the carvings carefully, and Micah wandered deeper into the structure.
The entrance was narrow, and the stone walls reached high into the darkness above. Further along, the path sloped downwards, and the ceiling lowered as well, as he descended into a large underground chamber. Hundreds of similar symbols covered the walls and thick stone pillars that were scattered throughout the chamber. 
It was the greatest archaeological discovery of all time. Micah was consumed with the wonder of a child. The path led to a long passage at the far side of the chamber. He ignored the lavish carvings and ventured deeper.
The harsh environment of the asteroid surface was now high above. A dim glow crept along the walls of the narrow passage and drew Micah deeper inside. Bell’s distant voice suddenly crackled his name over the comm system, but Micah ignored him.
Eventually he reached a dead end, but he had discovered the source of the light. It emanated from a large stone sphere atop a small pillar. Its design was magnificent. It was a perfect, smooth sphere but for the intricate network of jagged lines which ran across its surface. As he approached the sphere, strips of light glowed through the cracks on the artefact. It lit up the dark passageway with a brilliant blue-white glow.
Micah was mesmerized by its hypnotic beauty. He reached out to touch the artefact. Suddenly he realised that he couldn’t hear a thing. He slammed his fists against the wall, but there was no sound. He was thrilled and terrified. His heart hammered and his hands shook uncontrollably. He reached out again and touched the artefact with both hands. The passageway filled with a deafening whistle as the light became brighter until he blacked out.
Micah slapped the folder shut and slid it back across the table. He slammed his fists on the table in frustration.
“That isn’t me!” he demanded.
“I don’t believe you Professor”. 
Agent Bryant opened the file again and slid it back to Micah. She pointed at the photo.
“Who does this look like? You’re a smart man professor; what would you think in my position?” She paused “You say that you are Micah Reznik, an employee of Deep Space Mining Industries. If that’s true then why can’t you tell me what you were doing on a restricted lunar facility?”
Micah stared at the photo. It looked just like him, but he knew it couldn’t be. He lifted his hands as high as the restraints would allow, and he rubbed his face. He was tired and confused. Six hours of interrogation had worn at his will to resist.
“I am Micah Reznik, but I‘m a Doctor of archaeology, not a Professor. I’m an archaeological contractor. Along with Professor Donald Bell, I was part of an expedition to asteroid 99942, Apophis. Deep space radar discovered something on the asteroid which we went to investigate. I discovered an artefact inside a structure on the asteroid surface. We were supposed to report anything of interest to be shipped off to the lunar colony for further study. After I touched it, I blacked out. When I woke up, I returned to the shuttle and was arrested. Then they brought me here, to the lunar colony”.
Agent Bryant grew tired of the encore and it was evident in her tired eyes.
“We’ve checked your story Doctor. The problem is that Professor Micah Reznik is a university lecturer on Earth. So you see why we’re having trouble believing you”.
Bryant sighed and left the room, slamming the door shut behind her. She returned a few minutes later with coffee for herself.
“Someone’s here to speak to you Reznik,” she said “I’m hoping he’ll be able to clear a few things up”.
“Who?” he asked
The door opened and Donald Bell entered. Micah stood as far as the restraints allowed.
“Donald, thank god” he gasped “you’ve got to help me”.
Bell regarded Micah with caution. He slowly sat down opposite him, and Bryant loomed over the table between them.
“Professor Bell is head of the Research Institute here on the lunar colony,” she turned to Bell. “Professor, I assume you were briefed on your way over. Have you ever seen this man before?”
Professor Bell sat back and folded his arms. He looked Micah up and down and shook his head.
“No, never” he replied bluntly.
“Then how do you explain his detailed knowledge of you?” Bryant asked.
“It’s incorrect. He says that we went to university together, but there’s no record of him there. He says that I am a close friend of his late wife, that’s partly true. I did know Alison Turner a long time ago, but I haven’t seen her in years”.
“No, no you’re lying, it’s not true”. Micah rattled the chains of his restraints “Why are you lying?”
Professor Bell shook his head “I just don’t know what to say Mister Reznik”.
“What’s your field Professor?” Bryant asked.
“Physics” he replied.
“Genetically, this man is Micah Reznik; can physics explain why there seems to be two of the same man?”
“Twins?” The Professor jested.
“Professor, I’m serious. If you have a theory, it would do you well to share it”.
“Well, I would be laughed out of a room of my peers for saying such a thing, but it’s possible that this Doctor Reznik is from a universe parallel to our own”.
Bryant looked confused, but Micah rattled his chains in excitement.
“Yes, yes I’ve heard of this before Donald, go on”.
“Well, there’s a theory that for every possible eventuality, every choice you make, there’s a separate universe. Anything that can happen; has happened in one universe or another, you can imagine the possibilities. It would explain this man’s intimate knowledge of things which an impostor couldn’t possibly have known. It’s beyond our understanding really, but it’s the best explanation I can give”.
Bryant circled the table and slurped her coffee.
“So this artefact he touched before he blacked out, do you think that it could have been responsible?”
“It’s possible. Theoretically, in order to travel between universes, you would need a conduit, a point in space-time to pass through”.
“Then this artefact, if it exists, could send him back?” Bryant sounded sceptical.
“Like I said, only in theory, but yes” Bell replied.
“So where is it now?” she asked Micah.
“I brought it back with me,” he said “They would have taken it straight to the research labs. It should still be there”.
“So we’ll bring it back here and try it out. This all sounds absurd, but I honestly don’t know what else to try. I’ll speak to the base Commander. Come on Professor”.
“Donald” Micah uttered as Bryant guided the Professor through the door. He stopped and turned back.
“Yes?”
“Why don’t you see Alison anymore?” he asked.
Bell looked at Micah for a moment. He hesitated, and then left without a word.
Professor Bell led Bryant and Micah into the main hangar of the lunar colony where a security team joined them. Bell led them further down into the sub-levels to the Research Institute. The facility was Spartan and cold. It was lit by bright, glaring lights. They passed scientists who were busy studying artefacts, and paid no attention to the group as they marched through.
The vault was marked by a large round door. Professor Bell swiped his key card, and it rolled open. The walls inside were lined with hundreds of storage boxes. Bell removed one of the boxes and placed it carefully on a table in the centre. He slid the lid off, and there inside was the artefact, a stone sphere, just as Micah had said, no larger than a basketball. Micah was brought to the front and his restraints were removed. He gazed at the artefact.
“Well,” Bryant asked “Is this it?”
Micah nodded.
“What happens next?” she asked.
Micah hesitated. He wasn’t ready to go back home yet. It had occurred to him, that if Alison really was still alive in this reality, he had a chance to see her again. The artefact seemed different somehow. Whereas last time it had glowed before he even touched it, now, it was lifeless.
“Well?” Bryant snapped.
“I’m trying to remember,” he paused “Okay, right before I blacked out, I was in the passageway with Donald-”.
“-Bell was there with you?” Bryant cut in “You didn’t mention that before”.
“I did, I must have” he insisted.
Bryrant cast Bell a side glance and looked back at Micah
“Well, what happened next?”
“We were in the passageway of the structure and Donald and I approached the artefact. He touched it and the lines on it started to glow. Suddenly there was a brilliant flash of light which must have knocked me out. The next thing I remember, I woke up on the ground beside it. I assumed that Donald had gone back for help, so I carefully put the artefact in a container and returned to the landing craft”.
“So you’re saying that Professor Bell touched the device?” Bryant asked. 
“That’s right” Micah replied, hoping his lie wasn’t as transparent as it felt.
“Not you?” she added.
“Correct”
“And then what, you both disappeared?” her scepticism was palpable.
“Not exactly,” Micah began “As Donald said; the device must have pushed me into your reality, but I have no idea what happened to the Donald Bell of my reality”.
Bryant looked to Bell, hoping for an explanation.
“Do you understand any of this Professor?” she asked.
“I think so,” he replied “If the artefact sends out some kind of energy field; it would explain why Doctor Reznik shifted between realities without physically touching it. Anyone inside the field might be affected. To put it plainly, if we touch it, we can’t say for sure what will happen”.
“Okay. We don’t go any further until the device is moved to a safer location,” Bryant insisted “perhaps somewhere on the lunar surface would be safer”.
Micah glanced at Donald from the corner of his eye. He wondered if his lie had been recognized. He seemed curiously supportive.
Micah suddenly grabbed Bryant’s wrists and jerked them both towards the artefact. The security guards reached for their weapons, but Bell slammed his body into them, knocking them over. Then Micah planted Agent Bryant’s hands firmly down on the artefact. As the device glowed, Micah turned his face away and closed his eyes. Bell took note and did the same. A moment later, Bryant disappeared from his grasp, and the security team fell to the ground unconscious. Micah opened his eyes. His gamble had paid off.
“Why did you help me?” he asked Bell afterwards.
“I saw something back in the interrogation room when you asked me about Alison and I suspected who you were”.
“What do you mean?” Micah asked.
“Alison and I were together a long time ago, but we separated because of my work, that was always my first love. I saw Alison again a few years later, she’d met someone, I didn’t ask who, and she was happy. She’s married now; her name is Alison Reznik”.
“Thank you Donald” He helped Bell to his feet.
“Here,” Bell handed Micah his key card “go and be with your wife”.
Micah took the card. He made it to the shuttle bay unnoticed, and used Bell’s ID to commandeer a shuttle. As he left the moon’s orbit and headed for Earth, he realised that he would never make it through Earth’s border control unnoticed. His best chance at getting through would be to make a direct run and hope for the best.
The shuttle’s descent was a rocky one, but once through the atmosphere, he made a steady approach to the field near the Reznik home. As he descended into the quiet suburban neighbourhood, a strong and dizzying headache momentarily overwhelmed Micah. For a moment, he thought that he would pass out from the blinding pain, but he managed to land the shuttle, and slowly the pain subsided.
The shuttle door slid open and Micah looked out cross the crowd that had gathered. He searched their faces, but Alison’s wasn’t among them. He pushed past the congregation and made a beeline for the house. As he dashed across the field, another bolt of pain sent him tumbling to the ground. As before, the pain was fierce but brief, and he managed to get back to his feet.
He reached the door and slammed his hand frantically against it. There was a brief and intense silence before it opened, and then there she was, startled at the sight of the haggard man at her door.
Micah hesitated; he couldn’t believe she was real. His impossible journey to find her was over, and now she was right there. The headache returned, worse than before, and Micah fell to his knees, moaning in pain.
“Who is it honey?” a familiar voice echoed from inside the house. Alison didn’t know what to say. She watched Micah, unsure what to do.
“I uh, I’ve missed you…Alison” Micah couldn’t focus. He tried to stand and Alison helped him up.
The sirens of border police shuttles wailed in the distance. Micah took Alison’s hand. He pushed through the pain long enough for a brief moment of clarity.
“Alison, please listen,” he gasped “I have something important to tell you. You need to know the truth, whether you believe it or not” his speech was slurred.
“My name is Doctor Micah Reznik. I am from another dimension. Two months ago I lost you to cancer. While you were ill, I spent too much time working, and not enough with you. I just wanted one more moment with you, to tell you how much I love you, and how important you are. You were my whole life Alison, not the work. Never the work. Do you believe me?”
Alison stared into Micah’s eyes and nodded. She believed he was sincere. Micah dropped his head and began to cry.
“I believe you,” she replied “but I don’t understand”.
“It doesn’t matter, nothing else matters now”. He winced in pain.
Footsteps shuffled down the stairs behind Alison.
“Of course I know Micah; you never had to say it. Your love was as sure as the sun”.
“Thank you” Micah said.
He smiled and suddenly staggered back onto the street. As he hit the round, he opened his eyes for the last time, and a brilliant white light beamed out from his sockets. Then, suddenly and inexplicably, Doctor Micah Reznik disappeared.
“Who was that, did I hear my name?” Alison’s husband appeared beside her at the doorway.
“No Micah, it was just someone who was lost”.
“Did you help them find what they were looking for?” he asked.
“I think so” she replied.
Let the Cold Winds Blow

Elodie slipped the sandals from her feet and dug her toes into the soft, warm sand. The sky was clear and the late afternoon sun had smeared its palette of oranges and yellows and pinks across the horizon. She closed her eyes and inhaled the salty air as a cool breeze blew in from the ocean.
 Even at this distance from the spaceport, the three mighty vessels she had come to see were plainly visible as they slowly crept into the sky, their massive bulk defying Earth’s gravity.
It was the perfect spot to watch this iconic moment, the first colony ships leave for the Galilean satellites. Millions of colonists were leaving for their new homes.
The Lunar Colony war was finally over, and the reality of losing was finally setting in. Now the responsibility of raising her newly orphaned granddaughter was hers. The void her son’s death had left would change them both, but there would be no tears. Before she could allow herself to grieve she would need to confront her anger.
Elodie watched her granddaughter playing in the shallow water on the shore. She laughed and splashed and played with the other children with no understanding of her father’s fate. Elodie’s worst fear was that the girl would grow up not knowing what he had fought for, or worse still, forget him altogether. Her heart swelled with love as she pressed her thumb firmly into a small device in the palm of her hand.
In an instant, the three colony ships lit up the sky in a brilliant white blaze. Flames licked the sky from fierce orange fireballs before they were devoured by swelling plumes of black smoke.
Elodie let out a small sigh of relief. She felt no remorse for her actions as she watched the wreckage fall from the sky like distant dead birds. As they plunged into the ocean below, the swirling clouds stained the sky in their wake.
A moment of silence passed before a thunderous roar rolled in from the sea, followed by the intense blast wave. Elodie closed her eyes again as the cold wind crashed against her face. She pictured the faces of dead soldiers, loved ones who would never come home from that senseless war.
She opened them again as she heard the cries of horror from others who had gathered to watch the launch. Dozens of people crowded the shore to witness the destruction. She listened to them. Their words only fuelled her belief that she had done the right thing. The war may have been over for them, but it wasn’t for her.
For generations, people would remember the massacre of the Galilean colony ships. Rumours would spread that the rebellion still lived, and eventually someone would pay for the loss of life. Elodie was confident that it would be a while before the investigators caught up with her.
A woman beside her wailed in the anguish of her shock, she wept at the sight of the charcoal filled sky.
“Why,” she cried “what kind of monsters were we fighting?”
Elodie ignored her.
“If they can butcher so many innocent people like that, then what were those animals fighting for, why did they do it?”
Elodie glared at the woman.
“Perhaps they’re human beings too; perhaps they’ve been hurt because everything was taken from them. Perhaps they’re tired of fighting for their way of life, and they can never submit, not ever. Perhaps”
The woman scoffed and shook her head dismissively.
“Perhaps your generation just can’t accept change old woman” she said.
Elodie didn’t reply. She squeezed the detonator in her hand, reassuring herself that it was real, and then she walked down to the water’s edge where her granddaughter was stood gazing up at the sky with the other children.
When she saw her grandma she ran up the beach, her yellow dress dancing wildly in the breeze which still blew in from the ocean.
She was a pretty girl, and strong-willed. There was so much of her father in her. There was no fear in the child’s eyes as she took her grandmother’s hand and looked up at her.
“Nana, what happened in the sky?” she asked.
“The ships blew up pumpkin. No one’s going to Titan anymore”.
“Why?” the girl asked.
Elodie thought about how it could be best explained to a child.
“Do you remember why that boy Marden was told off at school yesterday?” Elodie asked.
“Because he was being a bully” she replied.
“That’s right, and what did your teacher say?”
“That it’s bad, that he shouldn’t pick on people smaller than him”.
“And why is that?” Elodie asked; her tone suddenly more authoritative.
“Because everyone will think he’s a bully and they won’t want to be his friend”.
“That’s right. Those people are just like Marden, and their ships blew up because they did the same thing that he did”.
“They were picking on someone smaller than them?”
“Yes, they were. And look what happened”.
Fear gradually settled in her granddaughter’s eyes. The girl squeezed her grandmother’s hand tighter and looked back up at the dissipating grey plumes. Elodie scanned the sky and pondered.
“It looks like rainclouds are coming pumpkin, we need to leave now” she said, hoping that the child wouldn’t pick up the hint of anxiety in her voice.
“Before we go, why don’t you try to skip this stone across the water as far as you can?” she handed the detonator to her granddaughter.
“It looks strange,” she said, curiously studying the device as she twisted it in her fingers.
“Take a run-up and make it a good throw Pumpkin” Elodie said.
“Ok” she shouted.
She ran down to the water’s edge and hurled the device through the air. It bounced across the surface of the water before disappearing into the ocean.
Elodie spared a final glance at the burnt horizon before she walked back up the beach. She knew that she would be able to live with what she had done, but it was harder to live with the death of her son.
She took some comfort in the knowledge that it would be a long time before another colony ship would leave for the moons of Jupiter. It wouldn’t bring her son back, or even change the outcome of the war, but it was enough for now.
Junction Point

The doorbell rang and Dexter Audley ran to the door. He had been waiting for the delivery of his new C9 Infinity Transport System since he pre-ordered it three and a half weeks ago. He signed for the package, put it carefully on the coffee table, and then darted into the kitchen for a knife to open the box.
He removed the device from the box and threw the packaging aside. It was different to the model he thought he’d ordered. He thought that perhaps they had sent him a different model by mistake. Instead of the rounded edges which gave the transport device the sleek appearance of a large pebble, it was bulky and rectangular. 
He tried to dismiss the wave of disappointment, and browsed the user manual to see if he had received an outdated model by accident, but the model number and design specifications were identical to those in his order confirmation. The crude, beige, rectangular block was the C9 Infinity transport system he had been waiting for in every way but appearance.
He studied the manual in more detail to make sure there were no other changes. He didn’t want to accidentally transport himself to an Infinity Hub on the other side of the planet, but further reading revealed nothing he didn’t already know, and he decided to give it a trial run.
He squeezed its awkward square bulk in the palm of his hand. The device lit up and scanned his palm print, locking it to his identity as the advertisements had shown.
After a minute, the device signalled that it was ready, and Dexter began with a series of voice tests to imprint his voice identity and password in to the device. When it was done, he checked that the battery level had enough power for a return journey and he was ready to go.
“Locate closest Infinity Hub to the following address, Occulus Research head office, Chancery Lane, London, United Kingdom”.
The device remained silent for a moment. Dexter maintained a tight grip and suddenly it responded.
“Infinity Hub C4-942, London, King’s Cross Station, North exit”.
Dexter grinned with anticipation and walked over to the mirror to check he was ready for work. He picked up his bag.
“Activate transport, password Dexter one, one, nine, four”.
Dexter felt hot blood rush through his body and up his spine. It tingled with excitement. He tried to keep his eyes open for as long as possible, he didn’t want to miss a moment of the experience. In an instant, his living room faded into darkness, and the Infinity Hub outside King’s Cross station rapidly materialised in front of him.
It was an amazing feeling, in that moment he had a strange sense of being part of something wonderful, like humanity was finally achieving its potential, he believed in that brief moment that he was a part of a great leap forward for the human race. It left him with a feeling of euphoria.
Dexter grinned at the security officer by the Hub exit. The experience had been so overwhelming that he had forgotten about the intense nausea he’d been warned about. The security officer caught Dexter as he drooped forward, fighting the urge to vomit. He helped him across the threshold and gave him a pill to ease the symptoms. A moment later when he was feeling better, Dexter’s grin returned.
“Thank you,” he said “I guess it’ll be easier next time”.
The extent of the officer’s sympathy apparently only went as far as the hub exit.
Dexter’s nausea started to return by the time he reached his office at the Occulus Research office on Chancery lane. He stopped for coffee along the way.
As he left the coffee shop, a billboard caught his eye; it was for a new C7 model transport system, identical to the familiar grey pebble he had ordered. Something didn’t seem right. His own C9 had worked just fine, but now he was as sure as ever that they had sent him the wrong model. He sipped his coffee and his stomach churned. The nausea should have passed by now.
He entered the Occulus Research building and swiped his key card at the barrier. Nothing happened. He tried it again, and still nothing. He cleaned the strip and tried for a third time. A security officer shuffled over.
“Name and ID please sir” he said
“Dexter Audley, here you go. Is Martin in today? I see him every morning on my way in”.
The guard inspected the pass and shook his head.
“I’m sorry sir, I’m the head of security and I don’t know anyone by that name. This pass isn’t valid either Mr Audley” he handed it back.
“What?” Dexter exclaimed “I’ve been using that pass every day for nine years”.
“I’m sorry sir but it’s not valid. I’ve never seen this type of badge before either; if it existed I would know about it. I’m going to have to ask you to leave”.
Dexter scoffed “I’m not going anywhere,” he said “I want you to call Tom Caldwell, Director of Advanced Communications. He’ll clear all this up”.
The guard returned to his booth and picked up the phone. He returned a moment later.
“There’s no Tom Caldwell working for Occuus, and the Director doesn’t know anyone by the name of Dexter Audley. I also ran your name through the employee database and there is no record of you anywhere”.
Dexter scoffed again. “Is this a joke? Let me in”.
He tried to pass but the guard held him back.
“I’m asking you nicely to leave the premises now sir before I contact the authorities”.
Dexter opened his mouth but no protest came out. Instead, feeling helpless, he decided to leave.
Dexter wandered back along Chancery Lane. He was confused and a little angry. As he wandered back to the station, the nagging voice in the back of his head became louder. Ever since he opened that package, something didn’t feel right, but he had dismissed it out of excitement for his new toy.
He stopped short of the transport hub and watched others pass through while he pondered his situation. He eventually decided that his best option would be to retrace his steps, and then contact Infinity for some answers. He programmed his C9 to return to its last known point of origin, and then went back through the station hub.
“What do you think?”
“Interesting results, I think that we should observe for a while longer”.
A man and a woman, fully garbed in brown robes, stood and watched Dexter from a distance. The woman monitored him with a small device in the palm of her hand. The man nodded and stared at Dexter with fierce concentration.
“Let’s go” the man said.
Dexter materialised back at his home, only it wasn’t his home. The building was the same, but the furniture was different. As he inspected the living room, a woman’s voice called out from the kitchen. Before he could react, the woman walked in and froze. She looked terrified.
“Who are you?” Dexter asked.
The woman didn’t reply. She put her hands up and slowly backed away. He asked her again, angrier than before.
“P-please don’t hurt us. Just take anything and go, anything you like, it’s yours, just please leave us be”.
Dexter frowned and paced the room.
“I don’t understand,” he replied “this is my home; I’ve lived here for more than a decade, why are you-”.
He paused when the television caught his attention. A news report showed a warzone, soldiers and tanks firing and rolling across a destroyed city street. It was the headlines which had caught his attention, scrolling across the bottom of the screen were the words;
‘UNITED RIVEK FORCES INVADE PANGAEAN STATES’.
He cringed and turned back to the woman.
“What is this?”  He demanded, pointing at the television “Where the hell is Rivek and what’s Pangaea?”
The woman shook in terror. Her eyes widened with primal fear and a throaty wailing sound wobbled form her lips. Dexter realised how truly terrified the woman was.
“Just tell me one thing and I’ll leave you alone, ok?”
She nodded.
“What country is this?” he asked.
She frowned and hesitated.
“It’s the Pangaean state of England”.
Dexter nodded, as if he had expected the response. He pursed his lips and then looked down at the C9 in his hand.
“Ok, thank you”.
“This bloody thing is gonna get me home if I have to shift through every conceivable reality to get there”. He grumbled. He lifted the C9 to his mouth and whispered.
“Activate transport, password Dexter one, one, nine, four…home”.
The device flashed and Dexter kept his eyes open for as long as he could.
The man and woman garbed in brown robes entered the house through the front door as soon as Dexter dematerialised. The woman was smiling as she studied her scanner, and the man calmly walked over to the terrified lady who was still in the corner of her living room.
“Don’t worry,” he said “we’re with Infinity, the man you saw is part of an experiment we’re conducting”.
The woman’s fear soon vanished.
“I was so scared, I thought that-”
“-I know,” the man cut in “he won’t bother you any more”.
He turned towards the television “It looks like you’re losing the war”.
“His trail is dissipating” the robed woman called from across the living room “We need to jump soon or well lose him; we don’t him wandering free across the multiverse”.
“Alright,” the man said.
The two of them stood in the centre of the room and vanished just as Dexter had done. They materialised in a pile of rubble where Dexter’s house used to be.
The woman’s remained fixed on her scanning device. The man looked up at the sky, it was dusk, and an electrical storm was gathering. The point where the darkening blue sky met the burnt orange of the setting sun on the horizon painted an ominous scene. The cries of artillery could be heard across the destroyed landscape.
“I think he’s still nearby” the woman said.
Suddenly, Dexter stepped out from behind a partially destroyed wall.
“Who are you?”
The woman looked up from a scanner as the deafening cry of an artillery shell approached.
Reality, as always

Anton Dekker was as content as he had ever been in his life. At thirty seven years old, he was spiritually, physically and emotionally fulfilled, and he was even at peace with the past he had, until recently, tried to forget. For the first time in his life he looked forward to the uncertainty of his future.
Anton finished putting on his tie and poured himself a cup of coffee. He walked over to the glass panelled window and gazed down at the peaceful city below. Everything was peaceful from the fifty-second floor.
He checked his watch and slurped his coffee. Then there was a knock at the door. He put his mug on the counter and answered it.
Anton recognised his visitor immediately, and slammed the door in her face. He ran into the bedroom, spurred on by the sound of his visitor trying to break the door down. Her muffled voice brought up familiar feelings of fear and resentment.
“It’s not going to work this time Anton,” she cried “just open the door and come back with me. This could get a lot worse for you very fast”.
Anton didn’t reply. He fumbled at the door to his safe beside the bed until it opened, then he snatched a piece of paper from inside.
He darted back across the living room as she finally broke through the door. He got a glimpse at the weapon in her hand and he panicked. As she aimed it at him, Anton swiped at the coffee cup and sent it flying in her direction. 
It missed its target, but it gave him enough time to leap at the tall glass window, crashing through it with ease. Suddenly fifty two floors of open air were rushing at him. Capture was not an option, he refused to go back to his old life under any circumstances.
He unfolded the piece of paper as it flapped violently in his hand. A sequence of numbers was written on it. Anton adjusted the rim of his watch to the numbers and felt for the click, just like a safe. It would all be over in a few seconds if he didn’t get it exactly right.
Anton was saddened that it had come to this. He really felt that he had started to settle this time, but deep down he always knew that someone would come for him eventually, no matter where he was. Each previous escape had been thanks to meticulous planning. A fifty-two floor drop meant that he could gather enough speed as he fell for the device on his wrist to work. This time, the easy-break windows gave him a swift exit, but he was running out of new exit strategies.
The tarmac below rushed at him with alarming speed. Seconds before impact, he reached terminal velocity and activated the device on his wrist. His body was destroyed beyond recognition as it hit the tarmac.
Dalia watched the fugitive hit the ground. His landing was a mess, but she was betting that he’d made the shift in time. Anton was a slippery one and it wouldn’t be over so easily. She explored the living room as she made a call.
“He shifted again…yeah that’s the fourth time, I don’t think he’ll try another one,” she paused “…I don’t know. We’ll have to do it the same way as before. Just tell the agency to send me the coordinates when they have them, and I’ll follow”.
When Anton opened his eyes, he was sat in a chair at a breakfast bar in an empty house. A laptop was on in front of him, and he looked down at his hands resting on the keyboard. He was wearing a wedding ring, but otherwise they were the same old hands, at least he’d jumped into the right body.
He was suddenly hit with an intense wave of dizziness, and he was thankful that he was sitting down. He had shifted three more times than recommended and he knew he wouldn’t survive a fifth. He had neither the will nor the desire to make another jump anyway. He would make his stand here
Anton stood up and went into the next room. He froze as he saw Dalia lying asleep on the bed. She was frowning even though she was asleep. He relaxed when he noticed a happy picture of the two of them on the night stand. He was pleased that they were together in this reality.
He returned to the living room and picked up a cup of coffee he assumed was his. It was still hot. He slurped it and stared out through the window at the peaceful countryside morning. It was a beautiful day. 
Dalia stirred in the next room and he turned to her as she walked in. She was still sleepy.
“You want some coffee?” he asked.
“Sure,” she replied.
As he poured her a cup, he heard the familiar high pitched charge of Dalia’s weapon. He turned around calmly, put her coffee on the counter and picked his up.
“How did you find me so fast?” he asked.
“Does it matter?” she replied.
“I suppose not” he said. He slurped his drink.
“Is there anything you wanted to say before I carry out your sentence?” she asked.
“Yeah, of all the agents, why you? Why did you have to be the one to chase me across the multiverse, do you want me dead that much?”
“I never wanted to kill you,” she began softly “That’s not my job, and you of all people should understand that. The proper order must be restored. You abused the privilege we are given to glance across dimensions. Look but don’t touch remember? The agency doesn’t forgive infractions, and you broke the rules Anton”.
“You didn’t answer my question” he replied.
“Well, to tell the truth I feel violated. How many times have I said ‘No’ to you? When I found out that you’d travelled to a reality in which we were in love, I had to stop it. It’s just wrong”.
“You can’t visit every reality in which you and I are together and break us apart, that’s just ridiculous”.
“I know that, I don’t intend to. The worlds in which you and I are together are perfectly natural, but they not yours and they’re not mine. I only ever wanted to stop you, the Anton from our reality, the reality in which we were never meant to be. Why couldn’t you accept it?” 
“I just can’t. I love you and I don’t want to live in a world where you and I aren’t together”.
“Well, you don’t have a choice anymore,” she said coldly “You are to be returned to your original state, that’s your penalty. The Anton whose body you’re in can live the life he was meant to live, and you will live yours in custody, like it or not”.
Dalia suddenly doubled over. She moaned in agony and dropped her weapon. Then she collapsed.
“What’s happening?” Anton asked
“It’s…this is my fifth jump,” she wheezed “I wasn’t supposed to-”.
She made a desperate lunge for the weapon and missed. Anton picked it up and pointed it at her.
“I love you” he said.
“I know” she sighed.
“But you don’t love me?” Anton asked.
She shook her head and tried to push herself upright.
“I never will” she said.
He sensed revulsion in her voice.
“Not this version of you,” he replied. He squeezed the trigger and then Dalia fell limp to the ground.
A few moments later she opened her eyes and looked up at Anton. The sunlight poured through the window across her face, its warmth was soothing. He cradled her in his arms and she smiled.
“What happened?” she asked.
“Nothing my love,” he replied “I was just watching you sleep”.
It Were Aliens

Stanley sat alone in his living room and listened to the refrigerator click and hum. His eyes were heavy as he watched the late afternoon sun glide across the table, so he closed his eyes. He could still hear the sounds around him. It was like meditation.
“I can’t remember the last time we ‘ad a silent moment” he muttered.
“What?” his wife shouted from the bedroom.
He opened his eyes and glared at the bedroom door. The Zen atmosphere had disappeared. He went into the bedroom and took a suitcase from the wardrobe. His wife watched him from the bed.
“Where are you going?” she asked.
“Away for a few days, work” he was purposely short.
“Okay. When will you be back?” She asked.
“Dunno, two days, maybe three” he replied.
“Kay, see you then”. She snapped, and turned away.
Stanley finished and left as quickly as possible.
“Bye” he muttered as he left.
The North Yorkshire countryside made for a pleasant drive to the airport. There were very few cars on the road, and a warm afternoon breeze swept in through his open window. He sighed and gazed wistfully down the road.
He had no destination beyond the airport. He would pick the earliest, most reasonably priced flight, and just go.
As the warm afternoon sun glided across Stanley’s face, he felt a dull ache behind his eyes which soon became so painful that he had to stop. He got out of the car and his vision started to blur. He staggered along the roadside for a few yards and then he blacked out.
Stanley listened to the familiar sounds around him and opened his heavy eyes. He watched the afternoon sun glide across the table, and then looked out the window. The click and hum of the refrigerator seemed vaguely familiar.
“Hello?” he gingerly asked the empty room.
A sound came from the bedroom which stirred a sense of déjà vu. He watched the door until his wife staggered through. She propped herself up against the doorframe and rubbed her tired face.
“What is it Stanley?” she grumbled.
Her tone was stark. There was a residual ache in his chest telling him they might have argued recently.
“What’s wrong?” he asked.
She scoffed. “Really, are we starting this again?” she replied.
“I don’t know, I don’t remember” he said.
She shook her head and turned back into the bedroom. “Ruby,” he blurted out desperately. His wife stopped in her tracks and half turned her head.
“Was that her name?” she asked quietly. Then she left.
Stanley was confused. He felt like his mind was stuck in a fog between dreams and reality. He rubbed his face and went into the bathroom to splash some cold water on it, and suddenly found himself standing in the hallway with a bag in his hand.
He couldn’t remember how he got there, but without a second thought, he got into his car and left for the airport.
The North Yorkshire countryside made for a pleasant drive. There were very few cars on the road, and a warm afternoon breeze swept in through his open window. He sighed, and was stirred by another sense of déjà vu. He changed his route, hoping it might trigger a memory.
The next road became choked with traffic within minutes and he had to stop. A dull pain ached behind his eyes and he became dizzy. It quickly became so painful that he had to stop for some air. As he got out, a black mist descended over his eyes and he staggered along the roadside for a few yards until he blacked out.

Stanley’s mind was quiet. He listened to the sound of his breathing for a moment before he opened his eyes. He wasn’t at home anymore. He was bound to a chair by his wrists and ankles in a small, white room with a long mirror along the wall on his left, a door on his right, and a table in its centre.
Unable to move, Stanley waited and tried to recall what had happened in the moments before he blacked out. When the door finally opened, a tall, gaunt man entered and sat down opposite him.
He stared at Stanley for a moment before he smiled and opened a brown folder on the table. He studied it for a moment before he spoke.
“It is a rare dish for you Mr Aspel. Yes, very rare. You have been through a yucky ordeal, and we wanted to make sure that you were fantastic before we popped you back”.
Stanley was confused. His captor didn’t make any sense.
“Is it the English or is it not? We can say sorry but we are all still learning”.
Stanley took short, shallow breaths.
“That is pleasing Mr Aspel, remain calm. We should not see that temper of yours, of course. Not outside”.
Stanley glared at his captor.
“Forgiveness Mr Aspel, I will consider the English before communication; try harder. It will move faster if we rotate”.
“Tell me what this place is”. Stanley finally asked.
“Congratulations for the conversation Mr Aspel. Okay, well that is not a problem; we can answer that one. You are inside holding room B”.
“That’s not what I meant” Stanley replied.
“We all know what you meant Stanley. Small humour can fill big spaces. You are back where you belong, delivering your prison sentence in the Theno Correctional Facility. Recapturing you after a brief escape”.
“How long was I...gone?” Stanley asked reluctantly
“Thirteen hours. Our agents tracked you down and brought you back sweetly. We are all flabbergasted by your ingenuity Stanley, possibilities are not an option”.
Stanley shook his head, but he didn’t say anything.
“This can be new because of your implant,” the thin man said “you were fitted with one when you arrived” he slapped the folder shut.
“It can be a wonderful device. Each one is programmed to its host. Long-term memory is blocked, and you are birthed a whole new identity. When your sentence is absolute the implant will dissolve, and you revert to your vile self with no memory of this sweet place. The boon is remarkable, hosts are agreeable and tempered, and we charge a copious fee”.
“Pay?” Stanley asked.
“Yes Stanley” the man replied.
“That’s not my real name, is it?” Stanley asked.
“I would not grant that much, contracts forbid it”.
“How long am I in here for, what if I suddenly wake up one day and wonder why I’m twenty years older?”
“Your belongings aren’t yours anymore Stanley; it is everyone’s”.
“What’s wrong?” Stanley asked “Your English is terrible”.
“It…is mutually…beneficial” he replied.
“This place looks nothing like a prison; I don’t believe you, I don’t believe any of this” Stanley started to panic.
“Yes well…you pay for that level of…quality. Greendale, the small North Yorkshire town you live in, is our facility, all it is and will ever be”.
Stanley was getting irritated by the obscure conversation.
“So, my wife, my life with her, that’s all just fiction is it? I’m done then, I want nowt to do with it any more”.
“The contract speaks that changes are prohibited”.
“But you’re changing it right now” he complained.
“Yes, well we have moved gently to…why we are speaking. An anomaly has been observed. Your implant needs…a repair, or you will experience wonderful memory loss, perhaps brain damage, likely death”.
“Fix it then”. Stanley jerked at his restraints.
“You must remain conscious and compliant throughout the procedure”.
“Okay, if you can prove any this, I’ll do it, otherwise just put me back”.
“Thank you, Stanley” the man said.
“For what?” Stanley asked.
“We can now begin”.
“But I just asked you to gimme proof” he demanded.
“So you did; and so we did” the man replied. He showed Stanley his own signature. “Your implant was temporarily deactivated. You won’t remember any of it because it’s back on now”.
Stanley stared at the signature and scowled.
“I assure you Stanley, if we could do this without your knowledge, we would have”.
Stanley thought for a moment “Your English is much better” he stated.
“My English is unchanged. It was my colleague’s English you were unhappy with”.
Stanley squinted at the man and then shook his head.
“Let’s get on with it then. You say I won’t remember any of this when you put me back in my box?”
“There is no box, Stanley”.
“It’s…never mind”. Stanley sighed.

Stanley opened his eyes and looked around the room. They had sedated him soon after the procedure and left him alone, but he was still restrained. His head ached from the operation, but he was feeling surprisingly well. He rocked the stretcher from side to side until it fell over. Then he slid a wrist free from the metal rail, and freed the other one. He tried to stand but staggered against the wall. He wrenched a piece of metal pipe from the broken stretcher and ran down the hallway.
He broke into the first room he saw off the hallway, and locked the door behind him.
Frantically, he searched for anything that could assist his escape. The room was small and sparsely decorated. There was little more than a table, a couple of chairs, and a computer terminal in the corner.
He needed to remove his memory block. Stanley believed that it would be necessary if he wanted to escape. He hovered over the terminal and tried to figure out how it worked. The symbols were strange, they were unlike anything he had ever seen before. Frustrated, he began pushing buttons at random.
The sound of footsteps shuffled past the door, and two voices stopped outside. He couldn’t hear what they were saying, but when they tried and failed to open the door, he knew he had been discovered.
Stanley panicked. He continued to mash buttons on the terminal until a panel in the wall slowly slid open behind him and revealed a window. Stanley gazed in horror into the void of space, and Earth far below. He was on a spaceship.
Suddenly the door slid open and Stanley desperately darted towards the door. He grabbed the first guard who stepped through and backed away, pressing the pipe against his hostage’s neck. The thin man from the holding room calmly followed inside with armed guards close behind him.
“I wouldn’t come any closer if I were you” Stanley warned.
The man took a step forward.
“What…the hell…is going on?” Stanley gasped.
“I want to tell you the truth Stanley, I really do. I just need to know that you won’t do anything madcap”.
“You again. You mean reckless” Stanley snapped.
The man smiled “Precisely”.
“This ain’t a prison, and that’s Earth out there,” Stanley replied “Just tell me, I ain’t a criminal, am I?”
“I suppose not”.
“Then what’s all this, ‘ave you abducted me?”
“That is a complicated question Stanley, bear with me,”
The man edged towards the terminal and Stanley slowly dragged his hostage away. A large monitor appeared on the far wall and projected a 3D image of the old NASA Voyager I probe and its famous Golden Disk. Stanley recognised it and became further confused.
“There it is,” The man declared as he zoomed in on the disk “You sent us a map. Look, right there”. He pointed to a reverse image of the Golden Disk, it showed, among other things, a diagram of Earth’s point in the galaxy.
“We came because we were invited” he said happily.
Stanley fought back his rage and confusion.
“But what’s ‘appening?” he asked.
“I do not have time for a long list of questions Stanley. If there is something specific you wish to ask, then out with it”.
Stanley thought for a moment “Why am I here?” he asked finally.
“Ahh, the great question, a very good question; we are tapping into your planet’s richest resource, your species. If I can subjugate your race, then our invasion would have been worthwhile, if not…well…I have superiors to answer to as well Stanley, and I have an energy quota to meet”.
The man nodded and a guard shot the pipe in Stanley’s hand. It dropped to the ground and his hostage jerked away. The man took another step towards Stanley.
“You are on the research vessel ‘Sai’. We work with implants designed to simulate reality for our captives. Your species is being kept in an artificial world while we harvest the gas you expel from your lungs, it is a valuable source of energy. You are here because we turned off your implant, and you tried to run away”.
“So, how do I know this is real now?” Stanley asked.
“It can all be explained by how your primitive brain perceives its environment,” he slapped Stanley across the face. “Did that hurt?” he asked.
Stanley nodded, nursing his wounded cheek.
“That is how you know whether it is real. Pain receptors do not work in the artificial world, we turned them off”.
“That ain’t true, I ‘ad terrible headaches before I woke up”. He insisted.
“You really had those Stanley, they were not simulated. We are having some trouble adapting the implant to your physiology. That is why we pulled you out”.
The man put his hand on Stanley’s shoulder.
“Think about this, you could have been one of the unfortunate billions who simply did not survive”.
Somehow Stanley didn’t feel any better. He was escorted back to the holding room.
“Here is the rub Stanley. The subjugation of your planet was expensive. I must justify the cost. This is my first invasion in charge and I want it to go well. If the vexing implants work, your species could be a nice, obedient energy source for the next thousand years. I’m sending you back in”.
Stanley snorted.
“Listen, you are going back inside, of that there is no doubt, but if you agree to cooperate, things can be much more pleasant for you in there”.
“Like how?” Stanley asked.
“The repairs to your implant have failed and we are at a loss. I need an overseer inside the environment to maintain stability and control. I would like that to be you”.
“What does that mean?” he asked.
“Well, your artificial world is controlled by us. If I choose to make some changes, for example, make one of the inhabitants a supreme leader of his species, then I can. I can give you anything. All I ask in return is your unwavering loyalty”. 
The man paused and smiled.
“However, we will not be able to reactivate your implant Stanley. We will need you to remember everything we have discussed. You must live with the knowledge that your species will be a wind farm for the foreseeable future”.
The guards cuffed Stanley’s wrists back onto the chair.
“What do you think Stanley; can you comply? The alternative is that I try this again with someone else. You will go back as ignorant as before”.
The metal cuffs around Stanley’s wrists were heavy. They were a stark reminder of his new reality. He stared at the man and his face started to change. His features shifted in a circular motion towards the centre, like water circling a drain. It was slow, and Stanley stared with horrified fascination. His thin, dark eyes melted into his long, sharp nose, which was absorbed by his high, swirling cheeks. His bald head rippled like water under the glare of the light above. Finally, his skin turned pale blue. It was like a metamorphosis. Eventually, Stanley saw his captor for what it really was, an alien. The man smiled with what remained of his mouth, and Stanley’s heart sank.
Stanley Aspel sat alone in his living room and listened to the refrigerator click and hum. His eyes were heavy as he watched the late afternoon sun glide across the table, so he closed his eyes. He could still hear the sounds around him. It was like meditation.
“I can’t remember the last time I ‘ad a silent moment” he muttered.
Several voices were talking in the adjoining room. He opened his eyes and glared at the door. The Zen atmosphere had disappeared. He got up and went into the next room. It was filled with armed guards and people in suits. They were evidently waiting for him. A strange woman wearing a beaming smile approached him.
“I’m glad you went with the increased security for your inauguration Imperator,” she said.
Stanley frowned, he was confused.
“Such a shocking electoral victory is bound to upset some voters. We don’t want anything to happen today of all days”.
She smiled and returned to the crowd. Stanley watched them all for a moment, and then he felt a small sting in the back of his head. He ignored it. He knew it would be gone soon, that was just his pride.
Beyond Scope

As the shuttle descended in to the planet’s atmosphere Commander Canton Wye struggled to maintain control. His first officer gripped his arm and tried to pry him from the doomed pilot’s chair.
“The hull is burning up Commander; it won’t hold out against this heat for much longer”.
“Move everyone to the rear of the shuttle, I’m going to try and reinforce the rear hull plating to buy us more time” Canton replied.
The first officer hesitated.
“What about you Commander?”
Canton forced a desperate smile.
“Got to guide us in Chesta, now get back there and look after our people”.
Chesta nodded and herded the others to the rear bay. The shuttle rocked violently as the atmosphere tore the hull apart. Canton held the ship’s nose up for as long as he could until the force of the descent was too much for his body to take, and he passed out.
Canton awoke several hundred yards from the wreckage of the shuttle. There was no way to know how long he had been unconscious, but it was still light, so it couldn’t have been more than a few hours. He tried to stand, but the agony in his left leg meant that he wasn’t going far. It was probably broken. He cried out for the others but there was no response.
As the disorientation began to pass, Canton studied his environment. At the very least it appeared to be a tolerable atmosphere. The sun was a safe temperature, and the shuttle had read no radiation during their emergency landing. There was lush, tall, green grass all around him, and huge trees towered over him, taller than anything he had ever seen before. 
Canton managed to crawl over to the wreckage and started looking for a first aid pod and other survivors. He managed to haul away some of the larger parts of debris, but he stopped when he discovered his First Officer’s lifeless body. He sighed. Chesta was a good officer. He deserved a better fate.
There were no other remains of the crew; he had to believe that they might still be alive. He needed to tend to his own injuries before darkness came, and so he shuffled up against a rock to see to his broken leg as best he could.
When his leg was patched up as well as it could be, Canton continued his search. The fire from the wreckage had died down and it was starting to smoke. He decided to head for a woodland area nearby right before he felt the first vibration, followed by another, and quickly a third. Before Canton knew which direction to look, a creature towered above him at a phenomenal height. Canton froze, hoping that it would not react as long as he remained still. 
The noise it made was deafening, he couldn’t hope to understand. It was a biped, and like him it was clothed and groomed which suggested intelligence, but its behaviour was erratic, childlike. It leaned down over Canton and swept him up in one of its hands, his leg writhing in agony as he rolled helplessly in the palm of the creature’s hand.
Michael stared at the tiny man in his hand with wonder. It rolled and wriggled in his grip like a worm, but it definitely wasn’t a worm. It made a high-pitched moan and some other sounds that he couldn’t understand.
Michael smiled and poked the little creature as he studied its features. It looked strange. Its head was long and thin, its skin was oily and pale blue. It had a short tail, and it squirmed even more when Michael pulled at it. He thought that his new pet didn’t like that at all.
“MICHAEL,” his father called from the house. “It’s dinner time, come inside and wash your hands”.
“OK,” he replied. Then he whispered to his little friend;
“It’s going to rain soon so I’m going to bring you inside where it’s warm and dry. You can live in my hamster’s cage, he’s dead now”.
Michael turned and went inside, gripping his little friend tightly in the palm of his hand.
Canton had stopped counting how many times the sun had risen and fallen since his capture. It had been more than one hundred. His health had deteriorated badly and he found it difficult to focus these days. He felt older than his years. He was much skinnier, unhealthily so, and his leg injury hadn’t healed properly since the crash, so he had been left with a severe limp.
He was often left alone for long periods of time without food or water, which made him wonder whether this was some form of torture, or simply neglect.
It was a morning like many others in captivity for Commander Canton Wye when he was woken up early by his child captor. He would often poke at Canton with a stick for short time before he wandered off for the rest of the day, leaving him unattended, unfed and without water.
During these long hours Canton would wail and moan for food or water until he ran out of energy, then he would retreat to the corner of his cage to rest.
During the early days of his capture, Canton had attempted escape several times without success. Now, after so long, his strength and will to continue had dwindled. He had little hope left, but he was still determined not to die in captivity, he had a plan.
Over the past twenty or so turns of the sun, he had been working on a weapon; nothing deadly, but it was perhaps dangerous enough to send the child running to its parents. If he was discovered by the parents, it was possible that they might be reasonable enough for him to negotiate for his freedom. If not, and it turned out that the adults were as cruel as the child; at least the ordeal would be over.
That morning, as the child crouched down and saw Canton lying on his back, motionless, he leaned in closer and opened the hatch. As he prodded Canton’s lifeless body with his finger, Canton suddenly jerked upright and jammed a sharp stick under the child’s fingernail. Just as he had hoped, the child recoiled in pain, and ran off to its parents in tears. Phase one of Canton’s plan had worked, but the next step would be the most crucial.
Before long, the cage was dragged out from under its hiding place, and Canton was finally revealed to one of the parents. The being which looked down at Canton was even larger and more terrifying than he’d imagined. Canton hoped that he would be able to communicate with it, and that it would see reason. It stared down at him, its face rigid in shock.

Michael’s father stared into the cage he’d pulled from under his son’s bed. It was no hamster. It appeared that his son had been telling the truth, that he had been keeping a tiny man as a pet in his bedroom.
“Michael, where did you get this from?” he asked.
Michael stood in the doorway of his bedroom, frowning as he nursed his plastered finger.
“It was in the garden, it was squeaking at me” he replied.
“Amazing” Michael’s father murmured as he picked up the cage and carried it into the kitchen. He placed it on the table and made a phone call to his colleague at the University, all the while he never took his eyes off of the tiny man who was jumping and waving at him.
“Am I in trouble daddy?” Michael asked.
His father smiled and shook his head as the phone rang.
“Of course not buddy, but I’m going to have to take your little friend away; he could be dangerous. We’ll get you a new hamster ok?”
Michael nodded.
“Ted, its George, how are you? Good. Listen, I’ve got something you should see…well it’s pretty amazing. Can I bring it over this afternoon? I promise it’ll be worth your while…sure, see you then”.
The two giant beings hovered over Canton’s cage as he stared helplessly up at them. He stood up and repeated the message he had practiced countless times before.
“My name is Commander Canton Wye, Prince of the Wye Sovereignty. I mean you no harm. My shuttle crashed on your sphere many turns ago, and I have been held captive since that time. I bear you no ill-will; I understand that the actions of one being do not represent you all. However I must insist that you set me free and allow me to contact my people. The consequences of my continued incarceration would be dire for you all, do you understand?”
“Where did you say Michael found it?” Ted asked. 
“At the bottom of the garden, I had a look and also found what looks like wreckage of a tiny spaceship”
“Amazing,” Ted replied “A being from another planet, and he’s so tiny. You know; if they’re capable of travelling to our planet then they’re probably much more advanced than we are”.
“Yeah I considered that,” replied George “but then I thought that they’re just so tiny, how could anyone so small be a threat to us? I think we’re pretty safe. I mean, my five year old son has had him in a hamster cage under his bed for the past five months, so they can’t be that tough. Look at the little guy, he looks so fragile”.
“What do you want to do with it?” Asked Ted
“Whatever you think,” Replied George “but whatever happens, I think that Michael should get the credit for the discovery, first contact and all that”. They both laughed.
“Ok. Well, I think Amanda at the University should be our first call, her husband has a connection to the Space Programme; I’ll get in touch and see what’s what”.
In the following months, Canton was subjected to an endless stream of physical and psychological experiments. It only got worse for him. His health deteriorated further until nothing remained of the heroic Commander who had glided his people to safety. No one had been able to communicate with him on any meaningful level, so he remained unable to share his message of warning.
Weeks later, after Canton’s death, deep space radar detected a large object passing through the Kuiper belt. Several weeks passed before it was close enough to see more clearly. They detected a huge fleet of ships, it wasn’t clear how many, but as they got closer, scientists were able to determine that they were tiny in size. It wasn’t long before somebody made a connection between their tiny dead alien visitor and the alien armada.
“Notify me as soon as we reach real-time communication range with the survivors”.
Sovereign Wye glared at the glowing blue sphere on the view screen.
“What is our estimated arrival time?” He asked.
“We will be within shuttle range of the sphere in approximately twelve turns; however we will be within communications range within the next three turns”.
“I want to record a message to auto-transmit to the sphere as soon as we’re within range”.
“Very good Sovereign” an officer replied “We’re ready to record”.
“Beings of the blue sphere, I am Decaton Wye of the Wye Sovereignty, greetings. We are responding to a distress signal, we received from our people who have crash landed on your sphere. They have communicated to us that you have my son and heir Canton in your captivity. For the sake of peace between our two empires, I hope that you have treated him well. You will make preparations to release him to us unharmed within one turn of receiving this message. Failure to do so will result in your destruction”.
The Far Side of Eternity

The snowdrifts were getting higher and the winters colder each year. It wouldn’t be long before they were too dangerous to cross without risk of becoming trapped on the wrong side of the Wastes. It was the coldest winter in living memory and many wouldn’t survive.
It didn’t really matter to Eddun Jor that this winter would probably be his last. The burden of leadership had weighed heavily on him for a long time and he was glad to soon be free of it. He knew too well that his decisions of late had been disastrous and they had pushed the pack to the edge of their loyalty to him. They were getting tired of scraps, and the last enemy raid had diminished their number to less than twenty. Though he still maintained control, he was getting old, and his support was waning. He expected them to call for a succession vote before the next blizzard.
Eddun was prepared for what would soon come; he had been preparing for it his whole life. On the day that he was born, his parents willingly gave their first born son to the Clan to be trained as a warrior as custom dictated. It was the greatest honour a low-born child could have.
When he came of age, Eddun was sent on his trial to endure the endless, white wilderness of snowdrifts known as the Wastes. Only the strongest survived as temperatures often dropped so low that a blizzard could kill a human being in minutes. Those who returned were accepted by the Clan as warriors, and those who did not were forgotten. 
Eddun gazed longingly across the great white plains from a cliff edge on the outskirts of camp. The wind was picking up, but the warmth of the sun would dull the bite of the blizzard in a few hours. He felt tired. On any other day he would have spent the morning hunting, and then eaten before getting some rest, but today was different. There were more urgent matters to address, and he would have time to sleep when he was dead. 
He took a piece of paper from his fur skin and studied the crude map he had sketched the night before. It had taken a long time to map the edge of the Wastes and the small scrap of paper in his hand was the only fruit of his labour. He knew it would never be enough to make up for his mistakes, or even to save his life when the vote finally came, but he refused to let his leadership slip away in shame.
If they followed Eddun again it would be a pack decision, and he was ready to accept their verdict whatever it may be. He found some comfort in the knowledge that whatever decision they made, it would soon be at an end, an end to the eternal wandering through the wilderness, searching for the honour they could bring home to the Clan.
Eddun heard the crunches of footsteps in the deep snow approach slowly from behind. His second in command stopped beside him and glanced at the map in his hand.
“Sar,” Eddun growled “we need to talk”.
“Yes, I think we do,” Sar replied softly.
“Would you do me the service of hearing me out first?” he asked.
“Of course,” she replied “you didn’t have to ask” the hurt in her voice shamed Eddun.
He looked at her and nodded to his campfire a few feet away. They walked over, sat down next to the fire, and Eddun produced two cups. He handed one to Sar, poured a splash of liquor into each one, and they knocked cups.
“To the pack” they chanted before swallowing the clear, bitter liquid all at once.
“What did you want to talk about?” Eddun asked.
“I’m sure you know why I’m here, so you go first” she replied. A knot of guilt twisted in her stomach.
“Fair enough,” Eddun said “I always admired your candour Sar, you’ll make an excellent First” he smiled.
She didn’t reply, or even force a smile.
“I went on a run with the Scouts yesterday,” Eddun began “we’ve been mapping the area for a moon turn now. I know the pack is at breaking point but I want to bring something to the table before the vote”.
There was a long pause. It was the first time either of them had mentioned the vote. Sar sipped her drink and watched the flames lick the early morning sky.
“I’m listening” she said at last.
“Wesa took me out with his team yesterday; we went out further than we’ve ever been before. We lost another one of his team to a Ligra; they’re getting bigger and more aggressive the further out we go. You wouldn’t believe the size-”.
Eddun stopped. He saw Sar’s face and sighed, and then he finished his drink and refilled both their cups.
“We found something in the drifts,” he continued “some kind of marker about eleven hours west of camp where the tundra begins. There’s a patch of huge, black spikes reaching out from the ground in different directions. It’s like some kind of giant, black field of thorns. Whatever it is, it’s not natural; someone put it there. When we moved in closer we saw a structure in its centre. I promise you, no one back home has ever seen anything like this before”.
Sar was quiet. She considered the possibility that many people in Eddun’s position could be desperate enough to make up a story like this to delay their vote, perhaps even escape. But she had known Eddun for a long time and she had never known him to be a liar. She believed him, and she also thought that she owed it to him to bring it to everyone else.
She handed the empty cup back to him and stood up. She tied her long dark hair back and stood over the fire with her hands on her hips.
“I was asked to call the vote tonight” she said, her voice was hard.
“I thought as much,” Eddun replied softly “Is that what you came to talk about?”
She nodded, staring in to the dancing, yellow flames.
“I’ve been getting pressure for a while now and I couldn’t put it off any longer without a mutiny,” she said “there’s a good chance you won’t see the day out”.
Eddun stood up as well.
“I knew the day would come as well as anyone” he replied.
“Let’s get this over with” she said, and nodded towards the camp.
Eddun stood at the edge of the main campfire and waited for the attention of the pack. They knew why they had been called together, and no one brought their personal feelings with them. Whatever the reasons for the vote, they had too much respect for Eddun to judge him on anything less than the facts. As he addressed the pack, perhaps for the last time, Eddun Jor was still an honourable and respected leader.
“I know that you have all been expecting this meeting, so have I. Nobody here would deny that I’ve led us from one hardship to the next of late, and things aren’t getting any easier. This is the way of things, the pack always comes first”.
Eddun looked over at Sar on the other side of the fire, and took a deep breath.
“I have spoken with Sar and she has given me permission to speak before the vote begins”.
A murmur of approval rumbled around the fire, and Eddun continued.
“For a moon turn now, I have been surveying the edges of the Wastes with Wesa and his Scouts. We’ve been scouting further out than anyone has ever mapped before, searching for something which, until yesterday, was only a story. We discovered a marker which we believe is the Gateway to the Eternal Power Source”.
Eddun’s claim was met with silence.
“Eleven hours west of here across the plains, the great tundra begins. That’s where we found a field of giant, black thorns rising from the ground as the old stories say. We got close enough to see a small stone structure in the centre. The structure fits all known descriptions of the Temple of the Gateway”.
The faces around the fire shifted between anger and confusion. A few of them glanced at Sar, the heir apparent, but she remained silent while Eddun continued.
“Wesa and the Scouts will attest”.
Wesa nodded at the severe glances which came his way. His face was stern, out of character.
“I’m asking for a vote,” Eddun said “to explore the marker before the next vote for succession is taken”.
“Eddun is still our First,” Sar shouted as she stood up “he has that right. We will vote fairly and without judgement as we always have”.
“There’s hatred for you here Eddun Jor,” a voice barked from beside the fire. The man stood up and shot a death-stare at Eddun.
“You’ll get no vote from me, you’ll be the death of us, the death of this pack”.
 “That’s not the way of things Yobi,” replied Sar “You must step out”.
The old man searched the faces in the crowd for others of defiance against their leader. When he found none, he attempted to stare Eddun down before he finally gave way and stepped back from the fire, mumbling beneath his breath.
Eddun watched the old man walk away, wondering if Yobi was one of many who felt this way, but lacked the honour to speak openly.
“No one wants your death Eddun,” replied Sar “If there is a chance for you to lead us to prosperity, of course we will put it to a vote. Is there anyone here who cannot vote without emotion?”
Silence swept around the fire as the faces stared at one another.
“Very well, then who will vote to explore the marker Eddun has spoken of, before we proceed with the succession vote?”
Eddun watched the fists rise in to the air one by one. The result was unanimously in his favour. Eddun hid his relief as best he could, and Sar walked over to him.
“May it be,” she said “that you will lead us to the marker and to our prosperity”.
They gripped each other by the wrists and Eddun nodded. Then those around the fire stamped their feet loudly on the ground over and over again.
It wasn’t difficult to retrace the path to the marker. Wesa’s Scouts were the finest he had ever seen, and the pack was within sight of it in less than eleven hours.
Eddun and Sar approached the clearing between the forest and the great tundra together. There, at the foot of a great snowdrift was the marker Eddun had promised. He lit a smoke stick and took a deep breath as he stared at their prize.
“Let’s get them ready to move out” Eddun said. Sar nodded and turned back. 
The pack moved slowly, out from the protection of the forest in a column across the harsh winds towards the marker. As they approached, the foreboding obelisks seemed to grow taller, reaching further out of the earth, as if they were living sentries, puffing themselves upwards in an attempt to ward off visitors. The tallest ones were four or five times the height of a man.
When the column was finally among the towers, Eddun gazed up in awe at their terrible magnificence, and felt a chill in his bones. They were blacker than anything, and the snow melted as it touched its shiny, dark surface.
His instincts told him to turn back. Yobi’s words still rang fresh in his ears, and no one would build a place like this to welcome visitors, but every other part of him desperately urged him forwards.
When they were finally through the outer ring of thorns, they came upon the temple. It was little more than a ruin and much smaller than Eddun had expected. It was impossible to know how long the structure had been there, but it had been badly weathered by time. The structure would be large enough to hold the remainder if the pack, and hopefully provide a brief respite from the biting wind.
The modest structure wasn’t much more than a white dome with a small tunnel for an opening, but Eddun wasted no time in leading the pack inside, horses and all.
The temple interior was in much better condition than he had dared to hope. The decay was minimal, which meant that it would provide good protection from the elements.
The tunnel sloped down to a large dome, much larger than it appeared from the outside. Most of the structure had been buried beneath the snowdrifts. There was ample space for everyone with their equipment and horses for a while.
Eddun was surprised by its stark appearance; there were no statues or decorative objects of any kind and almost no markings.
“Let’s stop here,” he announced “The temple will serve as a good shelter from the blizzard. We’ll explore further after we’ve rested up”.
The pack set up camp and Eddun explored alone. He would sleep easier when he was confident that the temple and its tunnels were as deserted as they appeared to be. From the outside, it was impossible to see the true size of the complex. The temple where they had set up camp was just the entrance to something much larger, and he was curious to see what it was.
Further on, he discovered a great stone ramp which descended into a large black abyss. He ventured further still until the ramp ended at a great stone wall which blocked the path. It was almost certainly the cavern entrance he had heard stories about, but the wall was much larger than he expected, and getting past it would be difficult.
Eddun made his way back up to the main hall, feeling a little flat inside. Nothing was as he expected. He imagined something much grander, decorated with images of gods and great leaders, lavish ornaments and pillars that went on forever; instead he had led his pack into a deserted stone shell.
He explored some of the other tunnels which ran off the main hall, looking for something more, something that contained a message or anything he could work with. He soon heard a voice echo through the tunnel and he picked up his pace.
As he got closer the voice became clearer, it spoke in a language he couldn’t understand. It came from a small chamber off of the hallway.
Inside, Sar was stood in front of a small, grey panel attached to the wall. There was a huge screen above showing some kind of rotating map. Eddun stopped alongside her and they both listened.
“You have come to a place you should never have seen. Leave,” the voice was deep and foreboding and echoed through the chamber.
“The caverns below are flooded with radiation. Even now it is inside you, changing or even killing you. You cannot see it, you cannot smell it, and you will not feel it until it is too late. Leave. These are the remains of the greatest power in the universe. You cannot stop it, no one can. That is why we buried it, why we tried to forget. Leave. Let this marker stand as a warning to all those who come. There is nothing for you here, only death. Leave now. You have been warned”.
The voice stopped and the map screen faded to black. Eddun gazed at the blank screen until he felt Sar’s eyes on him.
“What do you make of it?” she asked.
“Difficult to say,” he replied “If it was left by those who built this place it could be thousands of rotations old. I don’t know of any Clan who speaks in that tongue. Did you understand any of it?”
“Not a word,” she replied “but you don’t have to understand the words to comprehend its tone. I don’t think we should be here. We are out way past the rim, and we know nothing about this place”.
“I agree,” Eddun sighed “but what other choices do we have? There’s nothing back the way we came, and our numbers are dwindling to nothing. The Clan would never let us return empty handed”.
Sar didn’t say anything, she knew he was right; it wasn’t just Eddun’s leadership at risk. They could never return to the Clan empty handed, their own families would turn them away. Food, weapons, energy, anything was better than nothing.
“Let’s get back,” Eddun said “we don’t know what’ll happen tomorrow”.
Fresh snowdrifts had started to cover the marker outside the temple. It was getting worse by the hour. In a few weeks the whole area would be buried beneath an icy white desert of snow.
“Ok, this is what we’re going to do,” Eddun addressed the pack. “Last night Sar found a map for the caverns below, but the problem is that it’s covered by a huge stone wall. We’re going to try to blast through with Gelstones so I’ll need an inventory before we head out. Let’s not waste any time, the sooner we get down below, the sooner we can secure the power source and make for home. Okay let’s go”.
They stuck the Gelstones in a large circle at the foot of the stone wall. The first blast blew away a few chunks of rock, but it took five more before they made a hole large enough to fit through. Sar was the first inside.
She climbed across the rubble in to the darkness and the others followed close behind. Once inside, she stopped at the edge of the darkness and stared in to the deep, gaping nothing.
The light reached several feet inside, carving a half circle into the darkness, and touched the roof of the cavern. The tunnel was huge but obviously not natural, and the technology used to create such a place was beyond anything Sar could imagine. 
“It stinks in here” Eddun said, his voice echoing through the tunnel.
“Hardly a surprise,” Sar replied “It’s been sealed up since forever”.
“Hmmm” Eddun snorted. He unfolded a new scrap of paper and handed it to Sar. Then he lit a torch.
“I sketched it last night from the map you found. The size of this place,” he scoffed “we could be here our whole lives and never see it all”.
Sar studied the map Eddun had given her and pointed to a large chamber with smaller tunnels running from it.
“Here,” she said “this is what we should head for. It’s the largest area by far and it’s likely to be the main chamber. If we head straight there we will save time”.
Eddun nodded “Agreed. We’ll leave a couple of people here at the entrance to watch the horses and equipment, the rest of us will head straight for this central cavern”
Sar nodded “I’ll let them know”.
They had anticipated the darkness, and everyone carried torches on their person. The pack marched in a straight line for more than an hour before the tunnel began to turn. Eddun looked back to see the white glow of the entrance fade away and disappear as they continued round the corner. 
He stopped and took a seat when he noticed that he was a little further ahead than the others.
“Everything ok?” Sar asked when she caught up.
“Sure, just a little tired. Let’s push on”.
Gradually Eddun fell behind. He was having trouble keeping up, but it felt like more than just fatigue. There was something about this place which drained the life from him. A cry from the front of the column suddenly stirred a burst of life from Eddun, and he rushed forwards to catch up.
He saw that the group had stopped at a gaping hole in the path. The tunnel continued, but an entire section of the ground was gone and it was too dark to see how far it went on for. Sar threw her torch across the chasm as far as she could. They were all relieved when it landed on the far side. It was too far for anyone to jump, but they would be able to glide across easily. She glanced sideways at Eddun and he nodded back at her.
“I’ll go first” she shouted.
Sar removed her furs and stored them in to a bundle on her back. She unclipped the wings between her arms and legs and took several steps back.
“I’ll aim for the torch and move it to the edge of the far side. Wait until I give the all clear” she said.
She took a running jump in to the abyss. At her highest point, she spread her arms and legs out as wide as she could, and the wings between them caught the wind and pushed her upwards. In a few moments she descended over the torch on the far side and signalled that it was safe for the others to cross. Eddun waited until last. He watched with concern as Reyza, the youngest of his pack, prepared for his jump.
“You ok?” Eddun asked
“Yeah, a little nervous, but I’ve done this before”.
Eddun nodded and then looked closer at Reyza’s face.
“You’re bleeding,” he said.
Reyza wiped his nose with his sleeve and looked at the blood, confused.
“You sure you’re ok?” Eddun asked
“I feel fine sir” Reyza replied “I’m a little drained but I’m ok”.
Eddun patted Reyza on the shoulder.
“Better get moving then” he said.
Reyza took a running jump and disappeared in to the darkness as the others had. He watched, unable to shake the concern in his mind. Reyza had passed the trials as was expected of him, but Eddun still thought he was too young to be out here. He considered making an excuse to send Reyza back to the entrance where he would be safer.
Eddun took a deep breath and then made the jump as well. As he sailed through the air, the wind pushed him upwards into dark heights where the air was colder. Then, as he descended, he noticed that the pack had gathered at the edge of the chasm. When he landed, he folded his wings away in a hurry, and rushed over.
“What’s the matter?” Eddun asked.
“Don’t worry, it’s nothing to do with you,” Sar whispered “some of them are just complaining about their health, they’ve noticed a few changes since we arrived and they’re getting a little anxious. Some of them are getting tired and dizzy, and one or two have bled from the nose”.
“That’s what worries me,” Eddun said. He found it difficult to hide the fear in his voice “why are they telling you instead of me?” He glanced back across the chasm.
“Before he jumped, I noticed that Reyza was bleeding too. Have I damned us all down here?” Eddun asked.
Sar was shocked by the bluntness of the question.
“Maybe,” she replied “but everyone voted. Besides, if we go back empty handed on this mission, it’s your last one. That’s not a threat”.
“Yeah,” he said. He was tired and it showed “I know you better than that. We’d better keep moving”.
“At least until we mutiny” Sar replied. Eddun shot her a glare and she grinned.
They were getting ready to move out again when Reyza suddenly collapsed. Eddun ran over to the boy and thrust his torch into the ground beside him. As he propped Reyza’s head up on his knee, the light from the torch revealed how pale his son really was. He put his arm around Reyza’s shoulder.
“What’s wrong with me sir?” he asked. The others quickly gathered around them.
“We’re dying Reyza, all of us”.
Reyza looked around at the others staring down at him. He sniffed. Eddun felt their stares.
“Oh,” he said “why me first?”
“I don’t know” Eddun replied shaking his head. His face was hard but Reyza could feel his father’s hands trembling under him. Eddun watched helplessly as his son slipped away in his arms.
“I need a little more time, sir” said Reyza.
“I know” Eddun replied.
“I didn’t make my name” he whispered.
In his last few moments, Reyza coughed violently and curled into a foetal position. Then suddenly, he went still.
Eddun gently lowered his son to the floor and stood up. He looked at the others and pointed back across the darkness, in the direction they had come.
“That’s the way to the exit. Not home, not to safety, and not to survival. We can die down here for nothing or we can get what we came for. Everyone has a choice; no one is here against their will”.
Eddun’s words were met with dazzled faces stunned to silence by remorse. Some of them glanced back longingly across the dark chasm, and some looked at the others to see who would quit first. Most of them looked to Sar.
Eddun scoffed and pulled his torch out from the ground. He pushed past them and headed deeper into the tunnel. The others eventually followed, but no one looked back at Reyza, he was a grim reminder of things to come.
Sar caught up with Eddun and walked beside him for a while.
“I didn’t know Reyza was your boy” she said.
Eddun grunted.
“He wasn’t really, not the way that Esson is yours. I never really knew him. Anice and I gave him to the Clan right after he was born and he had only just come back from the trials. I shouldn’t have accepted him in to the pack as soon as I did, he wasn’t ready. It doesn’t matter now”.
Sar struggled for a response before she was suddenly distracted by a flicker of light ahead of them.
They reached the flicker of light in under an hour and much of the walk had been in silence. This deep into the tunnel, cables ran high along the walls and into small boxes along the roof of the cavern. This was where the light came from. The boxes flickered erratically as they passed beneath each one, and further down the tunnel they could see that they lit a considerable part of the path ahead.
Sar was the first to notice the partly open door on the left as they passed under a dark patch where the lights had ceased to work. It was the first one they had seen and she hurried over without a word to the others.
She tried to pull the door open further but the hinges were rusted and it resisted her attempts. Eventually she was able to create a gap large enough to fit through, and again she was the first inside. She was struck first of all by an intense, stale smell, much worse than the tunnel. She recognised it as the smell of death and immediately became more alert.
She stepped carefully through the darkness, listening for any sudden movements around her. In the minutes before the others began climbing in after her, all she could hear was the sound of her footsteps crunching on the gravel. The air was thick and each breath left a stale taste in the back of her throat.
It became harder to hear anything once the others were inside, but the additional light from their torches was welcome. As the flames pushed back the darkness, she discovered a corpse close by. It must have been ancient. She was startled when she noticed scratches on the bones. Eddun looked down at the remains of the pitiful soul and scoffed.
“What do you think did this? No animal I know of” he said.
“Difficult to say,” Sar replied in a monotone, she was half hypnotized by the gashes in the bones, and more on the rocks behind.
“A Ligra maybe, a big one, but down here…” she trailed off.
“Look at those bones,” Eddun replied “Ligra’s don’t do that, they’re clean. I’ve seen them tear the meat right off the bone”.
“Hmmm,” Sar replied uninterested “then I couldn’t say. All I know is that whatever is killing us now, didn’t kill this poor soul”. She walked off to explore the chamber further.
The more she saw, the more Sar became convinced that she had stumbled in to some kind of living space. Splintered pieces of wood lay scattered everywhere, and the larger pieces which still remained intact, were rotten so badly that they were unrecognisable. Nothing whole remained. Even the inhabitants, of which Sar counted around twenty in all, were strewn across the floor everywhere. It must have been quite a horrific ordeal.
“Ok,” the small room amplified Eddun’s voice “It goes without saying that we need to be careful. Whatever killed these people might still be alive, and we’re probably lower down the food chain than they are. There’s nothing here we can salvage so let’s push on”.
Eddun had his fair share of experience in making difficult decisions in the past and today he had to make another. It had been more than five hours since they had blasted their way through the stone cap blocking the entrance, and they were all showing signs of the illness which had taken Reyza’s life.
He had watched several of them quietly attempting to stop uncontrollable nose bleeds with pieces of blood-stained cloth. Others, he noticed, had ulcers on their hands and faces, and he admired those who continued without complaint.
“We’ll rest here for a while,” he decided.
They unloaded their gear and propped their weary bodies up against the cold stone walls. Eddun asked his Second to accompany him further up the tunnel, out of earshot from the others. He felt a flash of guilt when he noticed that Sar had started to lose her hair. The bald patches were so large that surely she must have noticed, but still, she said nothing. He regretted the pity he felt for her at that moment as well.
“We’re lost aren’t we?” She asked him.
“Not yet,” Eddun replied defiantly. The dim optimism in his voice was still audible “my map shows that the path forks just ahead, but I’m not sure which one we should take. They both circle round to the main cavern but it’s difficult to tell which is shorter, and I won’t know what lies ahead”.
He handed the map to Sar and tried to ignore the signs of her sickness.
“What do you want to do?” she asked him.
Eddun looked back at the others. They were tired and bleeding and close to their limits. Most of them wouldn’t survive the return journey even if they turned back now. It seemed a waste of life for them to give up at this point.
“I think we should split the pack,” he replied at last. “You take Wesa and the Scouts; I’ll take Meera and Yobi’s people. That’s about seven in each group. We can explore faster that way, and then meet up in the main chamber. What do you think?”
“I think that leaves me with six and you with five. Plus you shouldn’t trust Yobi, he really wants the vote. He wants you dead Eddun”.
Eddun grunted and stared thoughtfully at his pack.
“Yobi’s a tired old man. He’s angry at everything; he’s served in this pack much longer than most of the others. He’ll come around once he sees what we came here for; he’s just getting impatient in his old age”
“Are you sure that’s all it is, are you willing to bet your life on it?” she asked.
Eddun took the map back. When they reached the fork, Eddun took his group in to the tunnel on the left. He trusted those in the pack with his life, but he couldn’t ignore Sar’s warnings about Yobi, she was often right and he thought it was a wise idea to keep an eye on the old man.
The tunnel felt much larger traveling with only five others. There were fewer voices to fill the silence, but one however, didn’t remain quiet. Yobi’s quiet muttering behind him flipped a switch in Eddun’s head, and soon enough he confronted the old man.
“What is it Yobi, what do you have to say to me?”
Yobi was as stubborn as he was old, and his leathery face creased as he pouted.
“Alright,” he croaked “Let’s finally get a few things out in the open. You’re done Eddun Jor; I’m getting support for a vote and when I do, you’re gone. This fantasy of yours is gonna get us killed and no one says a word cause they’re scared of ya, well I’m not scared. No one believes the stories, there’s no power source buried down here or anywhere else, it’s a dream, a desperate attempt to take us down with ya, well I won’t have it”.
“You don’t have a choice old man. You know as well as anyone else, the vote has passed and we see it through to the end”.
“Or your end…” the old man wined as he raised a fist wrapped around a small blade, and then swung at Eddun.
Eddun ducked it and launched himself at Yobi taking them both down to the ground. Their angry grunts echoed loudly through the tunnel as the other four watched, shocked to silence by the audacity of Yobi’s actions.
Eddun climbed on top of Yobi and punched him over and over again. His fist became bloody but he didn’t stop, he was ready to kill. It was only when a deep, guttural growl echoed from deep within the tunnel, surrounding them that Eddun hesitated. He glanced into the darkness at whatever had made the sound.
In an instant, a huge creature covered in white fur leapt out from the darkness and stalked Meera her until her back was against the wall. She drew her blade and held it out defiantly at the giant beast. From its size, the blade would have caused little damage if it attacked, but it didn’t, and Meera kept as much distance as she could.
Two of the others attacked the creature from behind; bringing their own blades down upon the creature’s exposed flank. They struck it again and again and the creature’s cries were terrible. When it turned, it leapt at them with incredible ferocity. The creature slashed at its attackers with huge curved claws, tearing their bodies apart with ease. Then it turned back to Meera with renewed focus.
It crept towards her slowly, looking at her with strange curiosity in its eyes. Seeing its white fur drenched in the blood of her comrades sparked rage in Meera. She screamed and charged at the beast, waving her small blade in the air, disappearing into the darkness as her torch fell to the ground. A cry of despair drifted out from the void only once and then there was silence.
In just a few minutes Eddun had lost three members of his group to the terrible beast. It crept back out from the darkness, once Meera had been dispatched, and gallpoped towards Eddun and Yobi. Eddun saw the creature more clearly as it approached; it was twice the size of a man. He knew then that they had found the creature responsible for the carnage in the living area, and that they would have a similar fate if something wasn’t done.
Eddun quickly got to his feet and drew his blade. The others did the same and circled the creature. It leapt at Yobi first and caught the old man off guard, pouring over him like a wave. It was difficult to see in the flickering firelight, but Eddun and his last remaining comrade moved in with a series of slashes and jabs. As they did, the creature roared and stepped away from Yobi, turning its attention instead to Eddun.
It leapt at him, thrashing and scratching at his arms and body with its huge claws. Its strength was overwhelming. Eddun could see or do little to defend himself. The last member of Eddun’s group continued his assault on the creature to no effect. It seemed determined to tear Eddun apart and would have made short work of it had it not hesitated, and suddenly ran back into the darkness from where it came.
Eddun dragged himself to the closest wall. Yobi got back to his feet and cried insults into the darkness after the creature.
	“Keep your mouth shut,” Eddun struggled between breaths “and we might survive this”.
Yobi marched angrily over to his First and leaned over him. Eddun was bloodied and beaten badly; his arms were slashed to ribbons and his face was laced with scratches, he seemed so weak. Without a word, Yobi put his hands around his head and slammed Eddun’s head against the wall again and again. Eddun scrambled desperately to push him away but he was too weak to resist. Then Yobi stopped, took out his small blade and pushed it deep into Eddun’s chest.
Eddun made no sound and gave no resistance. He coughed, and blood spewed from his mouth as he fumbled at the blade in his chest, but Yobi wouldn’t take it out. He held it firmly in with both hands and didn’t let go. He stared into Eddun’s eyes, watching the last flicker of life fade away, and when he was sure that Eddun was dead he pulled the blade out at last.
He was covered in Eddun’s blood and shaking as he turned to the other member of the group, his eyes filled with passionate intensity. Neither of them spoke. Yobi’s comrade then turned and ran towards the darkness in silence.
Yobi didn’t follow. He looked down at his arms in the flickering light of the fire, his fingers sticky with Eddun’s blood, and then he realised what he had done. He looked at Eddun’s bloody corpse still propped up against the wall in front of him, and he dropped his blade. Then he began to weep.
Sar and her group were ignorant of the violence that had just taken place as they stepped out from their tunnel into the main chamber. Eddun’s map had been mostly accurate, but it was larger than she imagined.
“Feels like we’re intruding,”
Wesa’s deep voice echoed out across the dark expanse.
“Feels like this place belongs to someone else, like it was never meant for us” he said.
“You’re right, it wasn’t” replied Sar “All we know for sure is that it was built by people far more powerful than us. It was meant for them”.
Wesa shot a glance at Sar and shook his head.
“That’s not what I meant” he uttered, his deep voice surrounding them.
The great cavern reached out endlessly before them. Sar stepped towards the edge of the rock face and glanced over. She could see the bottom but barely. The cavern was much better lit than the tunnels had been. The walls were covered with patches of a hazy blue glow which appeared to come from an unusual web-like root. It lent the cavern a strange ethereal quality.
Sar was stunned by its beauty and she allowed herself a moment to absorb her new surroundings.
The cavern was lit well enough for them to see hundreds of smaller tunnels leading to places they could only imagine. The map she had seen must have been insignificant compared to what this place had since become.
A massive trench ran all the way along the centre of the cavern and a large metal structure lay in its centre. On the far side of it, set back from the centre of the trench stood something else, something much larger. It was difficult to see from a distance, but it was tall, perhaps made of rock, and the blue light was much brighter at its base. It shone upwards like a blue beacon into the vast darkness. It was a strange sight.
Eager to reach ground level and investigate, Sar searched along the ledge until she found the point where it dropped down to a wider path descending below.
The steep path snaked all the way down to the bottom of the trench and ended close to the structure. She was surprised by how warm the cavern was this far down, experience told her that it should have been colder this far underground.
They cautiously approached the structure when they first noticed a feint humming sound which grew steadily louder. Eventually it became too loud for them to ignore any longer and Sar called for a stop.
“Wesa,” she nodded him over “I want to know what that sound is, it doesn’t sound natural and I don’t like it. It sounds like its coming from that pillar we saw as we entered” Wesa nodded in agreement.
She stopped him before he turned away.
“I also haven’t dismissed what you said. It’s possible we’re not alone down here so stay alert. I don’t care how important the power source is, I’m not risking anyone unnecessarily, got it?” Wesa nodded again and grinned.
“If anything happens to me while we’re down here, it’s your responsibility to get the rest of them out. They respect you and they’ll follow you”.
“We better get moving” he replied.
They detoured around the side of the structure and followed a small trench which ran through the rock face. The walls of the trench were too high to see over the sides, but the bright blue glow reached upwards for all to see, drawing them towards it like a siren.
They moved quickly and quietly and the trench ended at the lip of a wide basin. Sar stopped suddenly at its edge and held out her arm to stop the others. The basin was wide and smooth and its sloped walls dropped thirty feet or so.
The great pillar stood in the centre, bathed in blue light. A huge amount of the weed which grew on the walls had been placed at its base. Its brightness was brilliant. It pulsed brighter and darker like the cavern itself was alive and the pillar its beating heart, swelling and shrinking as the light glowed and faded with each breath. It was hypnotising.
Hundreds of creatures were hunched over at the foot of the pillar engaged in some kind of chant. They were large and white, almost ape-like in their appearance and movements. The ones that Sar could make out were terrifying, huge jagged fangs protruded from their jaws, long powerful arms with curved claws, and they moved with a swiftness that a creature of that size shouldn’t be capable of. It would be wise to avoid these creatures at all costs, she thought.
The humming was much clearer this close to its source and so was its rhythm. Its pitch rose and fell to the pulsing of the light which filled Sar with a haunting sense of dread.
She eyed the pillar up and down. The detail was clearer as well. It was fantastically adorned with strange and beautiful carvings from its base right up to its dark heights. None of them looked familiar, but it was possible they held some kind of religious significance to the creatures and if that was true, then their presence here would probably be unwelcome.
She watched the haunting opera for several minutes, entranced by the harmony of their prayers until Wesa’s soft, throaty voice ripped her from the moment. She turned to him still slightly dazed.
“I don’t think that we should hang around here too long” he said to her.
Sar looked hurt, like she had just been ripped from a beautiful dream. Her eyes were heavy and confused.
“We don’t want to be around when those guys down there are finished” he continued.
It took Sar a moment to regain her focus. She nodded and followed the others back the way they had come.
The trench returned them to a small courtyard which enveloped a huge metal doorway. They had missed it the first time because of how well camouflaged it was with the rest of the structure. Closer inspection revealed slits around the edges which made it easier to see. Sar ran her fingers along one of the cracks and suddenly jerked her hand away. She looked back at the others.
“It’s hot” she said.
She stepped back and looked over the whole doorway.
“Morin, do we have any Gelstones left?” she asked.
Morin dropped to his knee and searched his pack.
“We have four and a couple of burn-sticks” he replied.
“Ok, set one here and another here. We’ll save the last two for emergencies”.
Morin carefully placed the Gelstones on the door and Sar looked around. They were completely exposed. She knew that the blasts would bring the creatures running but she had to get her group inside.
A breeze whistled through the tunnels which surrounded them and pushed across the valley floor. Suddenly the chanting stopped. 
“We’re ready Sar,” said Morin “We can detonate on your word”.
She hesitated and glanced at Wesa. He looked back at her but said nothing.
“Ok. Do it” she whispered, and Morin pushed the switch.
The surrounding courtyard amplified the sound of the blast. The ground shook and the air was filled with dust. There was a moment of complete silence. Sar immediately regretted giving the order. Suddenly the cavern was filled by a terrible, screeching and guttural howl. It was so loud that each of them doubled over with hands over their ears until it was over.
As the dust settled, Sar realised that the explosion had done nothing to the doorway. A second horrifying howl followed the first and they covered their ears again. They could feel the vibrations of hundreds of hammering footsteps galloping towards them from the basin.
A moment later, hundreds of the creatures appeared from all directions. The huge, white-haired beasts fiercely towered over them on their hind legs, like gorillas screaming out from the dim blue haze.
Their earlier performance suggested to Sar that these were more than mindless animals. Theirs was a collective intelligence which hinted that they might not charge and devour their exposed prey so readily.
They were completely surrounded. There was no clear path back the way they had come, and the courtyard provided no cover at all. When the creatures decided to attack, it would be a massacre no matter how bravely they fought.
“I want those burn sticks and the Gelstones, NOW!” Sar cried.
Morin threw the burn sticks to Sar and she cracked them in half. They burst into brilliant white flames and she threw them to the ground creating a half circle perimeter around them. The sticks would burn for hours but she could only hope that their heat would keep the beasts at bay.
One of the creatures, much larger than the others, stepped forward and roared; the terrible sound echoed throughout the cavern.
“Ready,” Sar cried to the others as loud as she could.
“Don’t let them take you alive, I have a feeling we’re dinner”.
“Huddle formation” Wesa cried.
They grouped together, their long, sharp blades in hand, and without warning, one of the creatures leapt at them. It landed inside the half circle and swept up Morin with its huge arm. Morin struggled in vain as the beast threw him into the crowd behind it like a doll. Morin’s screams quickly disappeared among the rage of the beasts. Before they could respond, it leapt at another of them.
The massacre would soon be over. Sar turned to her last resort. She threw her blade to the ground and held out the last two Gelstones in each hand. She looked over at Wesa and he nodded. Some of the others gathered around Sar in front of the door. She hoped that the strength of the blast would be deflected outwards by the indestructible door, and inflict maximum damage to their attackers.
The ground vibrated as Sar swung her two fists together, but she hesitated at the last moment when she realised that the shaking was caused by the doorway opening behind them.
A bright white glow penetrated the widening crack in the doorway until it was wide enough for them to fit through. Without hesitation, Sar ordered everyone inside.
The demonic beasts flooded through their perimeter en masse and were able to sweep up two more of them before they reached the doorway. Sar didn’t look back, but she heard their cries as their bodies flew through the air like dolls into the furious horde.
When the remaining four were inside, Sar set a short timer on one of the Gelstones and stuck it on the outside of the door. She jerked her arm back in as it closed and a few seconds later the walls shook from the violent force the explosion outside.
They took several minutes to catch their breath before looking up to see where they were. The inside of the structure was even more impressive than the cavern. The walls were white and made from some kind of smooth metal. A bright white light overhead blinded them after the dark blue haze of the cavern. There was little else in the small antechamber they found themselves enclosed in.
Sar’s first thoughts were of getting the remaining four members of her group out and back to the surface somehow. There was a smaller doorway opposite the entrance which had a narrow glass window at eye level. The next room was too dark to see anything in detail.
Wesa slammed his fist against the door as hard as he could until a light flickered on in the next room. Another door slid open on the far side, and six of the white ape-like creatures marched towards them.
When they reached the adjoining door, it slid open and the group huddled towards the centre of the room as the creatures slowly surrounded them. There was nothing aggressive about their manner, they moved with the discipline of soldiers. Their huge white torsos were covered with beautifully decorated armour, and in their huge hands each of them held a strange bronze spear which looked unlike any weapon Sar had ever seen. When they had surrounded the group they stopped, and a voice suddenly boomed from the adjoining room.
“Gu-la da, gu-la da nekkom” 
There was a pause and then the voice repeated the phrase again. Sar stepped forward, hands in the air, and slowly put her weapon on the ground.
“Please. We mean no harm, no disrespect”. She nodded to the others in her group to do the same and they complied.
“Do you know these words?” the voice asked after a long pause.
“Yes,” Sar replied eagerly “Yes, we understand”.
“Well that’s a start,” it replied in an affable tone “You have no need to fear us if you would kindly leave your weapons with the guards during your stay”.
“Of course” Sar replied immediately.
“Then welcome,” it said “Buru-buru Ga no-shi”
The guards collected the weapons from the ground and herded Sar and the others through to the next room.
As they entered, a figure approached from the far side.　Sar couldn’t believe what she saw. Their host was more shocking in appearance than anything she had seen all day.
Unlike the guards and the fur-covered beasts outside, their host was extremely tall, slim and completely hairless. Its arms and legs were perhaps as long as its counterparts, but it had five fingers on each hand like a human. As it walked gracefully towards them its white-grey skin glistened as it passed under the lights.
Its facial features were small and sharp, human for the most part, if not for the outlandish vertical red slits it had for eyes, which lent it a very sinister appearance. Its most striking feature was perhaps the huge neck muscles which bulged down its neck and back like a deformity.
As it stopped under the full light Sar admired its elaborate clothing. It was adorned with patterns and colours some of which she had never seen, on top of which it wore a dark chest plate, a thick leather skirt and ornamental metal wrist bands. Their host stopped and opened its arms in a welcoming manner. It addressed them with a clear voice which was both disarming and strikingly eloquent.
“Please, let me take a look at you,” it said “hmmm, much like I expected, hideous” Their host hesitated “Please excuse my crudeness, but I have never seen your like in the flesh before, you are the first visitors to venture down here for sixty thousand years”.
“Eh?” Sar gasped.
Their host grinned and turned away.
“Walk with me, we have a lot to discuss, an information exchange if you like. Yes, that will be extremely pleasing. There is a considerable amount that we can both gain from an exchange, the most important thing being understanding. We have a room we can use. Go-ri-tsu de”.
It waved the guards away and gestured for Sar and the others to follow. They complied.
My name is Durak and this is my home. We are at the entrance of a vast network of tunnels which my people have called home since it was constructed by the builders many years ago.
“Why?” Sar asked “What’s its purpose?”
Durak turned to Sar and smiled “You’re very inquisitive aren’t you. Well let me answer your question with a question of my own, why did you come down here, why did you break the seal after all this time?”
“To investigate the power source,” Sar replied “There are stories of a great and ancient power buried deep beneath the snowdrifts. It is badly needed on the surface”.
“Why?” Durak asked with the bluntness of a child.
“To help us survive the long winter, to help us defend ourselves against other clans and to help us better ourselves”.
She pointed upwards “Up there, energy means power, and a power source like this would give us immeasurable strength. We would want for nothing”.
Durak snorted “That is unlikely”.
“Well,” Sar asked “What’s this place for?”
“It is a bastion of knowledge, a temple from a once great and powerful civilisation we call the Builders. A civilisation that wielded the greatest power in the universe, the power of the sun, and we are their descendants” Durak replied proudly.
“Who are they?” asked Sar
“You could spend your lifetime pouring through our archives and still learn very little about them. They created this place tens of thousands of years ago”.
“I don’t understand” replied Sar
Durak threw his head back and laughed. It was a chilling, powerful sound which unsettled Sar.
“It’s ok, you have plenty of time to learn,” it replied.
“No one is leaving any time soon”
“That’s not the plan I’m afraid” Replied Sar.
She stopped and instinctively moved her hand across the empty holster where her blade once was, before she remembered she had given it up. Durak saw and smiled. The arrogance of their host was repugnant.
“It’s ok;” said Durak “misdirection was not our intent. If we wished harm to you and yours we would not have opened the doorway in the first place”.
Sar sighed.
“We are learners,” Durak continued “we read, we study and we will overcome. We will leave this place one day soon; before we deplete the power supply and our friends outside tear down the walls”.
“What do you mean?” Sar asked.
“You have stumbled upon a somewhat complicated situation down here. There is a fragile balance between knowledge and power and neither will relent. Here we are”.
Durak gestured to the next room.
“Please,” it said “It will meet the needs of you and yours for the duration of your stay. I sincerely hope that you are able to leave this place, believe me it is a larger issue”.
Sar nodded and gestured to the others that it was alright to stop.
“Eat, drink, and rest. You must be tired and hungry. I will have food brought to you. It isn’t much but it serves. Tomorrow I will explain everything to you and yours”.
The doors slid shut as Durak left and Sar watched their host disappear down the corridor. When it was out of sight she walked over to the door and pressed the open switch. It slid open and she felt a small wave of relief. There was something about Durak which unsettled her, and it would have been much harder to sleep if they had been prisoners.
Sar dreamed of terrible things as she slept. It was the longest time she had slept in memory, but perhaps the worst night’s sleep. Her dreams were filled with visions of the attacks they had suffered on the surface and the lives they had lost at the hands of their enemies. She saw the face of her late husband on the body of one of the raiders which had killed him.
He entered their tent in the dead of night and drew his favourite axe. Cries of agony from the attack outside woke her and she froze as her husband loomed over her, his eyes wild and ferocious. She turned to see who was lying beside her in bed and Eddun stirred on the edge of consciousness. He opened his eyes and stared at her with joy, something she had never seen in him before. Then her husband brought the axe down on him. Eddun had been butchered by the time Esson entered and saved her.
Suddenly she saw herself running naked from the camp towards the wastes, terrified. Her skin was sticky with blood which looked black under the moonlight. She ran as fast as she could, the freezing snow crunched beneath her feet. The cold was starting to really hurt when suddenly a blow on the back of her head knocked her to the ground and she woke up.
Sar lay peacefully in bed. A cool rush of air swept through the room and brought her further from her dream. She took a minute to gather her thoughts before she pushed herself upright. More of her hair had fallen out in the night. Her pillow was covered with it. Wesa was sat in the corner of the room eating quietly and happily like a child. He didn’t look too badly affected. The illness seemed to affect some more than others. All she could hear were his crunches. He stopped and looked up and smiled.
“What are you eating?” she asked.
“Don’t know” he replied as he chewed.
“Is it any good?” she asked.
Wesa nodded eagerly.
“Best damn meal I’ve had in a bunch of turns” he stood up and brought the bowl over “want some?”
Sar looked inside, it looked wholly unappealing.
“It looks like that blue root we keep seeing”.
Wesa nodded and stuffed another handful into his mouth “Yeah,” he replied “they must have cooked it or something cause its crunchy”.
He handed her the bowl and she cringed. Still, she thought, food was food. She forced a handful down. It had a feint metallic taste, like burnt cockroach. She took another handful before she handed the bowl back and got dressed.
“Where are the other two?” she asked.
“Garra’s still asleep and Proc is showering”.
“Ok,” she replied “I’m going to look for Durak; I have a few more questions for our host. If I’m not back in two hours then something’s wrong, ok?”
Wesa nodded as he chewed.
“Do you remember what I said about getting the others out of here?” she asked.
“Sure I do,” Wesa replied “There’s a reason you chose me as your Second. I’m not just muscle you know, I can think rather than just react, and I’m reliable as hell. If I say I’ll do something, I’ll get it done. If anything happens, trust that I’ll get them out”.
Sar nodded “Ok, well I’ll see you later”.
She slapped him on the shoulder and left.
“Are you going to tell me what this place is, who you are, and what those things are out there?” asked Sar.
“Walk with me,” Durak sighed “There’s something you should see which will help to illustrate my answers”. Sar complied.
“As I told you yesterday we are learners. Me and mine have called these caves home for a very long time. We have expanded this habitat in to a vast living space, well beyond what it was.
You may have noticed that not all of us are quite alike. Most of us are different from the guards and our brothers and sisters outside of these walls. You see, sixty thousand years ago the Builders mastered the power of nuclear fusion-”.
“-You keep speaking of things you are well aware I don’t understand” snapped Sar.
“Of course,” replied Durak “please accept my apologies. I am unaccustomed to talking with you and yours” he paused. “Nuclear fusion is an extremely powerful, long lasting and dangerous form of energy”.
“And that’s what’s buried down here?” asked Sar.
“Not exactly; the Builders became masters of this planet, it seemed that there was nothing that they could not achieve. But it came at a price. This new power had a price, a terrible waste product they called nuclear waste, which has the ability to destroy life in a ghastly fashion. The huge rods of fuel they used for energy became charged with this deadly waste”.
Sar suddenly remembered Reyza’s grim end. She would make sure that Eddun got an explanation for his son’s death.
“There was no way to destroy this waste product,” Durak continued “the fuel rods remained charged, or ‘radioactive’, for centuries, more than a thousand of your generations”.
“How can they be so dangerous for such a long time?” Sar asked.
Durak thought for a moment.
“Imagine you thrust a blade in to a hot and fierce fire, and leave it in the flames for a very long time. When you remove it would you grasp the hot metal with your bare hands?”
“Of course not, it would burn your flesh”.
Durak grinned “It is the same with nuclear energy and the fuel rods they used. Now imagine this magnified several thousand times. Imagine that the metal didn’t burn your flesh but destroyed you from the inside, and imagine that the metal was not hot for a few hours but for a thousand lifetimes”.
Sar didn’t reply but she could comprehend.
“This is but a taste of the destructive power of nuclear energy,” said Durak “The responsibility of great power is also great. That is why the Builders constructed this place; they wanted to forget about it. And they did forget”.
Durak smiled before leading Sar through to another vast cavern. It was filled with a network of metal paths and ladders running like veins running through the rock.
“What are you showing me?” she asked.
“We are almost there. Before I answer, I have yet to respond to your original questions. Who am I, and what are those creatures outside? The short answer is that we are the same as you. All of our species have descended from human beings and have evolved according to our environment. Your species has retained many of the physical traits the Builders had, having inherited the surface as they did.
The creatures outside are known as Gorgon. Thousands of years of evolution in this environment has inflicted this appearance upon them, it is unfortunate. Darkness, radiation, and a desperate fight for survival in this hostile place takes its toll”.
“My own species has had less direct exposure to the radiation. We pursued knowledge in the archives while the Gorgon worked in the caves. Time has done the rest”.
They stepped off the walkway and climbed down a ladder into a smaller cave. The walls were high and poorly lit. A dim blue glow stretched through the narrow passageway ahead giving the walls the illusion that they were closing in on them.
“My people discovered the archives very quickly after we first settled here. We soon learned the purpose of this place and saw the potential of turning it into something more. We eventually learned how to turn this waste in to a power source of our own, so we started to dig up the used rods.
We formed a cooperative society around the roles we gave ourselves. Those of us who read and learned would guide the workers and diggers on how to build the machines we needed. Our new energy source allowed us to flourish down here. Everyone benefitted equally from the fruits of our labour, for a time.
A rift emerged between those who worked close to the radiation and those who did not. It wasn’t long before our cooperative began to break down and smaller factions started to break away. The end result is what you see now. We are all that remains of the cooperative, striving to better ourselves as you are.
Those outside these walls were like us once, but they chose to leave it behind. There could be hundreds of clans out there now, each fighting one another for scraps. With each passing century they become more savage and more terrifying”.
Durak stopped and turned to Sar.
“This all took place over a very long time; longer than both of our lifetimes many times over”.
They walked on.
“Humans are remarkably resilient creatures. They can learn to flourish in almost any environment because of their capacity for change. The Gorgon adapted to their new environment and became too wild to live in a civilised society. You see these rods?”
Durak pointed to a container being lifted from the earth by a mechanical arm. Sar nodded.
“Our power conversion facilities are the finest you will ever see. They will turn the waste left behind by the Builders into valuable, life-giving energy which will sustain us all for many months. Sadly, we have almost depleted the resources of this facility and soon we will have to leave it all behind.
We know of at least three other storage facilities like this. They are a considerable distance from here and it will require many resources to create another such facility, but the long term rewards would far outweigh the cost of such an endeavour. Imagine what we could to with three more facilities like this”.
Durak’s eyes flared and his elongated arms became animated with excitement. Sar watched the mechanical arm lower the container on to a moving belt and she dared to imagine. It sounded too grand to ever become reality. She couldn’t help but wonder if there was a cost she wasn’t seeing.
“It’s unforgiving up there too,” she said after a while “the long winter covers everything as far as we’ve seen. My people know all about fighting for survival”
“Of course you do,” Durak said with the same enthusiasm as before “but it wasn’t always so my ignorant friend. You appear to have lost more than just your technology in your struggle on the surface. Time has wounded you, made you ignorant of things. There is no knowledge, no understanding of the past. How did this happen, why do you not teach your children of the past?”
“Who is ignorant?” she snapped “On the surface there are more important things than reading stories of the distant past, and teaching our children how to build mechanical arms. Things like how to find food, safe water, and how to make shelter and clothing. Survival is a necessity. There is no time for your studies”.
Durak leaned back against the cave wall.
“Do-lar-kell, it’s gone. It’s all gone hasn’t it; you’ve let it all slip away. A wealth of knowledge, all of human history, and you let it all disappear into time, everything, gone”.
They were both silent for a while.
“There are too few of us left, the learners. It appears that we are all that stands between civilisation and oblivion”.
He stood up straight and looked down at Sar.
“Our survival is more important than ever,” he said with a sudden urgency “If the Gorgon destroy us, then everything, art, culture, technology, religion, philosophy, everything we have ever learned and built will be gone forever. If we can get out of here, we can help you in ways you could never have imagined. I will call a Council meeting to discuss the urgency of our situation”.
“You do not hold favour with the Council Durak. It was irresponsible to allow these…people inside our walls”.
Durak sighed, frustrated, and looked to the other members of the Council. 
“The situation has grown immeasurably worse. We need to find a solution to this Gorgon issue, too much is at stake. I have been speaking with Sar. She has taught me of the world on the surface, of nomadic tribes that draw lines in the dirt and fight one another to extend them. This is what knowledge has been sacrificed for, everything we know, everything that was is gone, and we are all that remains of the civilised world”.
“Yes, yes Durak we have heard the stories of the surface. True or not, it was to be expected eventually. Every species has its time on this Earth and the humans have had theirs, now nature has selected them for extinction”.
Durak took a deep breath, thankful that Sar was unable to understand their conversation.
“Perhaps you are right,” Durak conceded “but we can change that, we can teach them, we can reclaim and rebuild the surface”.
Sar listened to the strange beings communicate with one another. Their words were alien to her, but Durak argued with a passion that transcended language. This Sar understood and it compelled her to stand.
“How many of them are outside of these walls?” she asked the room.
“Thousands!” one of them replied in a language she understood.
“We need just one of my team to make it out of here alive”. She paused to lend her words gravity.
“If only one of us makes it back to our Clan, they will return with an army ten times larger than the Gorgon”.
“And why would you do that, why risk your lives to save ours?” a cynical voice echoed from the table.
“We are willing if you are willing to share your knowledge with us. The rewards for us all would be great”.
Sar considered for a moment that she was starting to sound like Durak. Her argument compelled the council to break into discussion. Durak smiled at Sar from across the room.
“Why do you not use your technology to destroy them yourselves?” Sar suddenly asked.
The question silenced the Council but Durak swiftly replied.
“You see my friend, our resources are limited. If we mounted such an attack there is no guarantee that we would win against a superior number. We are reluctant to sacrifice ourselves so readily while there is still time to find an alternative course of action”.
“I see,” replied Sar “so what you’re telling me is that you are a race of cowards. Your brains have advanced beyond courage”.
The comment failed to stir the Council as Sar had hoped. All but Durak remained silent.
“It is a moot point my friend,” replied Durak “A plan can now be formed which would minimise the risk of death for us all”.
Sar wasn’t convinced.
“We’ll need some kind of proof of your value if we’re to convince my Clan Premier to send an army”.
The Council broke into discussion again and Durak eventually took Sar aside.
“My friend, I believe I can convince the Council but you are hindering my progress. Please return to your living quarters. I will bring word as soon as we are done here”.
Sar nodded and left reluctantly under guard.
Several hours had passed before they saw Durak again.
“Listen,” Sar began as Durak entered “We are uncomfortable being locked up like this for hours on end. We will be leaving soon regardless of your Council’s decision”
“I understand,” replied Durak “however I bring good news. The Council has agreed to proceed with the plan exactly as you described, we can leave immediately. I will also return with you as the evidence your leader requires”.
Sar nodded but her face was hard.
“You trust that my people will keep our word when we reach the surface?” she asked.
“Well, it had occurred to us that you might not, that I might be held captive and exploited for my knowledge, but my friend, I know so little compared to the sum of my people, and the reward for helping us all is so much higher. If your leader is as worthy as you say he will honour our agreement”.
Sar nodded “The Premier is a worthy and honourable leader. We’ll leave tonight then”.
“There is one more thing you should know,” said Durak “please try to understand why it was kept from you until now. Knowledge is our only defence down here”.
“What is it?” asked Sar.
“For some time now we have been carving a tunnel to the surface. Secrecy is vital you must understand; the Gorgon must have no knowledge of its existence. It is incomplete but it will still significantly improve our chances of reaching the surface. When you are ready, I will show you”.
Sar understood. Durak had been reluctant to share information from the beginning. Perhaps, as Durak said, it was just their way, but whatever the reason, Sar couldn’t trust these people.
“Ok,” she replied “let’s take a look”.
Wesa covered the group’s rear as they made their way along the tunnel. Too many good people had lost their lives on this trip not to return home with something of value.
He watched the Durak creature with contempt as it crept along the tunnel at the front of the column. It was as good as a reward. Wesa would snatch the creature up at the first sign of betrayal, but until that happened he would let Sar’s plan run its course. He respected her decision. She had kept them alive this long.
Sar agreed that Durak couldn’t be trusted. The creature was sly, secretive and it moved strangely. It kept things from them even now and he felt better with his eyes on it.
There were noises all around them, echoes of their footsteps amplified by the tight surroundings, the chatter of the group blended into a single voice that Wesa tried to tune out, and there was something else in the background he couldn’t quite place. He kept his focus on the deceptive creature in front of them.
Wesa felt better with his blade back in his hand. Sar was a cautious and sensible leader and he knew that she wouldn’t lead them unnecessarily into danger, but he was comforted by the security that only cold, hard steel could provide. He could hear the creature up ahead whispering to Sar and he wondered what it might be saying. He snorted loud enough for them to hear. There was no response, but they continued in silence.
They had been travelling in a single direction on a steep incline for several hours and they were all getting tired.
“Durak, do you know how much further these tunnels go on for?” asked Sar.
“It’s difficult to say,” Durak sighed “I shouldn’t think that it will be much further. We have been travelling for rather a long time. Wait a minute”.
Durak stopped. It closed its eyes and held its palms out to the darkness ahead.
“There is a breeze here. Ok, we will need to blast through this wall. It should bring us alongside the main entryway. This tunnel will be sealed behind us to prevent the Gorgon from breaking through”.
Sar nodded and turned to Garra.
“Do you have the last Gelstone?”
He nodded and handed it to her.
“Ok. We’ll need to give it some distance, so everybody back up. It’s a focussed blast so we should be ok as long as this wall is as thin as you say”.
Durak nodded. Sar placed the Gelstone on the wall and set a short timer. Everyone shuffled back through the tunnel and waited.
The blast was violent but the walls held. Sar climbed over the rubble and saw that Durak was right, the Gelstone had done its work but the blast was loud. It was impossible to say how long it would be before the Gorgon were on them.
“We have to move fast,” shouted Sar “that blast will bring every Gorgon down on this spot”.
They scurried through the blast hole one at a time into the main tunnel. Sar was first through and she recognised its high ceiling and wide walls. She could even make out the dim glow of the entrance. They moved fast but they knew the Gorgon were faster. 
“I don’t like this at all, my friend” said Durak.
“We don’t have a choice; we have to push on as best we can”. Sar replied
They made good time. The stale smell of the tunnel diminished as the fresh outside air penetrated the tunnel mouth. Two silhouettes moved across the glow ahead, those whom Eddun had left behind to guard the entrance.
“HEY,” Sar cried “PREPARE TO LEAVE, WE’RE IN A HURRY!”
They ran so hard and fast that Sar hadn’t noticed everyone, including Wesa, had disappeared, until she turned around. She stopped immediately and stared hard in to the darkness behind. All she could see was a gaping abyss.
“Can you see anything?” she asked Durak.
Durak bent over trying to catch its breath, and when it looked up it almost stopped breathing.
“Yes,” Durak whispered timidly “Yes, I can see something”.
“What is it?” she snapped.
He didn’t reply. The myriad Gorgon emerged from the dark depths. They moved slowly, showing the same unity she had seen back in the cavern. She was amazed and terrified. There was no way they would reach the exit unless they were allowed to do so.
They stopped about fifteen feet away. Sar threw her blade to the ground. Durak stepped forward and raised its arms in the air.
“Bo-lak-bo del shak. Humu-dan”.
“We will speak in the old tongue Durak,” a voice boomed from within the crowd “the humans must answer as well”.
Sar’s eyes widened. Her heart hammered in her chest. One of the creatures stepped fourth from the imposing crowd. It looked similar to the others, but unlike them, it walked upright. Its stance lent the creature an eerie, human-like appearance.
“Human, do you know what this place is?” it asked.
“Yes,” Sar replied “a waste dump created a long time ago by an ancient race, the Builders”.
“Hmmm,” the creature growled “At least Durak told you that much, but what else do you know?” Its words were turgid and slow, the language sounded unnatural for the creature’s tongue.
“I don’t understand?” replied Sar.
“About this place, about us”.
It looked past them to the entrance and winced at the light. Two figures approached with their arms in the air. Sar looked back at them.
“Lower your weapons” she ordered.
They complied without hesitation.
“Durak, you’re as repulsive as I remember. I think we might kill you today”.
Durak was startled. It looked to Sar for defiance but none came. Her face was a picture of fear and wonder.
“You have stumbled in to a place you should never have come,” said the creature “but perhaps this can still end well for you and yours”.
“What do you mean?” asked Sar.
“You may leave in peace, on the condition that the traitor Durak and your explosive devices remain behind”.
“Why?” she asked “Why should I do as you ask. How can I know that you will keep your word?”
“You never really had a choice. I would rather not kill you if it can be avoided”.
“Did you feel the same way when you killed my people in the main cavern?” she cried defiantly.
The creature turned to the crowd, and a moment later Wesa and all the others from her group, including those she had lost in the cavern, stepped out unharmed. They shuffled towards her and she looked over each of them as they passed. Then she slammed her palms on Wesa’s shoulders. They exchanged a look and then she looked over his shoulder to the creature behind.
“And our leader, Eddun?” she asked.
“Your leader was found dead, killed by your own weapons, not by us. Two more of yours were found deeper in the tunnels; their deaths however, were unavoidable”.
They lay Eddun’s body on the ground in front of them. The knife wounds were clear to see.
“Yobi” Wesa whispered.
Sar closed her eyes and nodded solemnly “Ok, but I still need to know why you wish Durak’s death”.
“I am Garu. My people are not so different from Durak and those who live within their walls. We were the same once. In the beginning we worked together to build a better world below the surface, but the Learners never told us of the dangers of working so closely with radiation until it was too late. When we started to change we were cast out.
We worked for them and lost our identity, and when they were done with us they shut us out forever. Even now after thousands of years, it continues. With expulsion, their numbers diminish and ours grow. Those who still work inside have no knowledge of what awaits them. Yes, we are changed and yes we are aggressive, but we are alive and we were human once. We will bring their reign to an end soon enough”.
Sar looked at the survivors of Eddun’s expedition. Some were missing. She looked at Durak; its eyes were without remorse.
“If your people have weapons,” Durak mumbled to Sar “now is the time to use them. Remember the reward that awaits your people, technology beyond imagination. We might change the world together”.
“I think you’re right,” replied Sar “It would be too difficult for my conscience to live with it however, especially with this man’s corpse at my feet” She looked down at Eddun. It took everything she had to hold back the tears.
“I’m sorry Durak, but necessity reigns”.
Durak felt the sharp jab of Wesa’s blade prod its back, but it refused to move. Two of the creatures crawled out and dragged Durak by its arms into their crowd. It resisted the whole way.
“One more thing,” said Garu softly “was it you who threw the explosive device through their doorway, killing so many of my people?”
Sar sighed and then looked at Wesa.
“Remember what I told you to do?” she whispered “Now is the time”.
Wesa tried to argue but hesitated. There was a severity in Sar’s eyes he hadn’t seen before. He nodded solemnly, slapped his palms hard into her shoulders and then they touched heads.
“We will speak of what happened here” Wesa whispered.
“I know you will,” she replied “for all of us”.
Sar watched the group as they headed towards the exit, and then she turned back to face Garu and nodded.
“It was me” she replied at last.
Garu’s breathing was audible.
“You have accepted the consequences of your actions and forfeit your life to us?”
“That’s right” she replied “I acted in the defence of my people. I believed that their lives were in danger and I would do the same again without hesitation. That being said, I am sincerely sorry for the needless loss of life and I accept your judgement”.
“Your words are accepted and your feelings understood” replied Garu “You may go; there is no conflict between us”.
Sar was stunned. There was a moment of silence as she thanked Garu with her eyes.
As Durak was dragged deeper in to the Gorgon horde it realised for the first time just how far their numbers had swelled. Its body went limp. It was hopeless to resist. Everything would be over soon.
Suddenly, Durak jerked an arm free of their grip and slipped its hand into its coat pocket. Without hesitation it wrapped its fingers around a small sphere and pressed a button in its centre. The size of the explosion was massive and destroyed everything around it.
Wesa and the others were back at the entrance by the time the explosion shook the tunnel. They stopped at the mouth of the tunnel and stared into the abyss. Nothing escaped but smoke and dust. The walls shook violently but they held. There were no signs of life. Whatever happened must have destroyed everyone inside.
They rested in the Temple of the Gateway for several hours before they began their long journey home, back to the Clan where Wesa alone had the responsibility of explaining their losses to the Premier.
Wesa stood at the mouth of the tunnel and puffed on a smoke stick. It had been more than ninety full turns since he had last seen that dire void. The air still tasted stale and he felt the same gut-churning anxiety as before.
“Wesa,” said a voice behind him.
He turned to Morin’s welcome smile.
“Mmm?” he replied.
“She’s not in there you know, she can’t still be”.
“I know,” Wesa replied “but I’ve been waiting a long time to get back, and now we’re here none of it seems real”.
Morin nodded and stared in to the darkness with him.
“I know” he said “It was so strange and so brief, like it was all a bad dream. Only some of us aren’t here to tell the stories”.
“Well,” Wesa replied “Let’s get everyone ready. The Premier committed everything to this, so let’s not disappoint him”.
Morin nodded and turned away.
“They seem real enough” he said.
Wesa turned to face the massive army he had returned with. It had been the Premier’s belief that such technology was worth any investment.
He stood in awe at the military force under his command, never before had so many Clans united together for a single cause. It was inspiring, and the warm feeling it gave him made him almost forget the fear of what awaited them inside.



AND PLEASE…
If you’d like more quality fiction at this low price, I’d really appreciate a review. The number of reviews a book accumulates has a direct impact on how it sells, so just leaving a review, no matter how short, helps make it possible for me to continue to do what I do. Here’s a link to leave a review of The Dial:
http://tiny.cc/DialReview


Social links
See what I’m up to on my website: https://rorywarwickblog.wordpress.com/
Say ‘hi’ on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/RWWarwick/ 
Or follow me on Twitter: @realRoryWarwick
