The Captured

Copyright © Adrian Kyte 2017

Also by Adrian Kyte
WORLDS BEYOND TIME
TIME OVER
THE HIDDEN REALM

Contents
Prologue
Part One: Past Deceptions
Part Two: Outsiders
Part Three: Of the Flesh and the Fake
Part Four: Perfect Copies
Part Five: New for Old
Part Six: Escape
Part Seven: A Kind of Life
Part Eight: Making the Most of
Part Nine: Ineluctable Futures 
Part Ten: Reality Check
Part Eleven: Back From the Dead
Part Twelve: Eluding the Wave






http://www.adriankyte.com/ 
Prologue
Earth year 2487  

It was such a simple weapon. The idling flame reminding him of an Olympic torch; quite innocuous with its wavering amber glow on the light grey walls and onyx junction boxes. 
This time he knew what to do. This time there was not the faintest scintilla of doubt in his mind. They were barely living, vaguely humanoid gleaming metal forms quiescent for almost a decade. Their consciousness – if that term could be used with any scientific accuracy – had no presence in this godforsaken place. He was not a religious man but the word ‘godforsaken’ somehow seemed appropriate. Surely this was a place where any religious notion died on first contact; now it all boiled down to code in an artificial substrate. Yet the machine overlords failed to see how this synthetic form was anything other than an improvement. How ironic, some may say, that it was he who fought against them, their ideology. But he had the means, the opportunity. And, he reminded himself, a real chance of success … up until this point.
Still...
He released the flamethrower’s gas, directed the blue-orange flame at the serried line of the unaware metal abominations. Watched their attendant cables melt and distend from tritanium bodies and heads.
Was it murder? No. To be murdered you had to be alive in more than just a Turin, Pantoli compliant sense, did you not? You had to have been born, not captured.
After a few minutes he accepted they were not going to disintegrate. Of course there was a more obvious way – a nuke. A hand-held antimatter device could destroy this entire compound. But such densely packed structures would immediately be detected and neutralized; because the overlords were not stupid, they were not without their enemies itching to unleash every WMD twenty-fifth century technology allowed. The old-fashioned flamethrower, on the other hand, slow and inefficient. Who’d have ever guessed?
In one sense it was a shame, what he was about to do. This body had its advantages, not least the immense strength. And secondly there was something of an aesthetic appeal ... or was that the machine part of him taking over? His old biological form, for all its geneering, still held to some ancient sentimental notion of the ideal. Now he remembered his old self as not much more than the just-adequate-for-survival human; a man of strength and power seemed fragile and vulnerable, in memory. 
Without our accoutrements we were nothing, went the voice in his head. If the machines had their way we would be reproducing. Machine procreation – so much more efficient.
No, even to entertain such an idea. 
He sat on the diamond glass shell of an empty pod, turned the weapon on himself. There was no sense of the searing heat, only a gentle warmth; pain was considered unnecessary. Just a gradual dimming of consciousness … whatever that was.








Part One: Past Deceptions
1

Two years earlier

‘More and more each day it feels like I don’t belong here, in this life. That there’s somewhere else, a reality – a real reality.’
‘How long have you been feeling like this?’ Her voice did seem familiar: gentle, reassuring. 
‘I don’t know,’ Torbin replied after a few long seconds. ‘A week, maybe. Ever since the repetitions happened. It’s not just deja vu.’
‘When was the last time?’
‘About ten minutes ago, as I walked into your consulting room. I am sure I’ve been here before. And doctor. You may say we have never met before, but I feel I know you.’
She looked at him quizzically, but only for a second until her professional composure returned. ‘What you describe does have a medical explanation,’ she said.
‘Some professional term for the beginnings of insanity? I actually wish it was only that.’
‘Then, what do you think it is?’
‘I wish I knew. But it’s like there’s a … a veil between me and something bigger, and every time I try to pass through it it recedes away.’
‘Do you mean an invisible veil?’
‘Invisible, yes.’ Now he felt faintly ridiculous for using a less than adequate analogy. Yet none better came to mind.
‘Interesting.’ She nodded. ‘I’d suggest you keep a record of anything strange.’

Torbin walked through the lush grounds of the institute. His mind somehow captivated by what was before him. He noticed the flowers, pinks and mauves vibrant in unbroken sun, let their soothing scent wash over him. Gentle sound of birds the perfect accompanying soundtrack. And wondered: why? Why question any of his life when it seemed so good? 
When had it all fallen into place? The research grant for his work into applied negative energy for wormholes; the marriage of eight years to someone who could still make the day a joy to live, along with a son and daughter. Torbin the family man, more than just about able to cope. Who would have ever imagined?
It wasn’t that things had always been so good – he’d had failed relationships, and the post of chief researcher was not simply handed to him on a plate, others had gotten the promotion that he felt he was due. But at forty-two he could hardly consider himself a failure.
When was it he started to have doubts? 
For a long time he had taken his life for granted. Then he focused on others’ lives, and, wow, his was good. Did he deserve it all? Of course. He worked hard for it. And still he had doubts. He’d learned of a condition – a state of mind, really – known as Paradise Neurosis, where the subject believes everything they have to be tenuous, dependent on something fragile and impermanent. Yes, he’d become obsessed with it; studied the accounts.
It made him question: was contentment the natural state of the human? He suspected not. Real lasting happiness, in millennia past, was the reward for the few at the expense of the many. And for those many only ever transitory, an interlude from the vigilance of whatever next threat emerged on the horizon. That, he understood, was the perennial human condition. Moreover it was by design. Design without a designer. The vigilant survives.
He stopped. Eyes closed now. A dream had come back to him. A dream so familiar it could have repeated a thousand times. 
A house near the edge of a cliff. A garden, scent of bluebells. The sound, before he looks and sees the ground crumble away. He runs back into the house, as if by some instinctive act. Maybe the foundations are stronger. But even they give way with the collapsing walls. He could have escaped to safer ground so easily. But he has frozen with terror. The last moments of life before awakening. As always. The dream reality.
He opened his eyes. The birds tweeting. The flowers. It was … lovely. 
It will all be fine, in the end. What is there to fear? Just keep it hidden. 
Only he hadn’t, he’d told her enough to make her believe he was... What? In need of medical adjustment? Insane? 

* * *






2

Earth. She saw it now: blue oceans, green and brown continents under swirls of white. At a glance you would be hard pressed to see any change; much like her home planet B’tar, that serenity of the unobserved detail. But change there had been. 
As a humanological historian and self-defined anthropologist Zoraina Kardoz had visited Earth over fifty times, making her the most knowledgeable b’tari of human behaviours of the modern era. At least unofficially. Her status was still considered that of an apprentice despite her qualifications; it meant she had to answer to a supervisor. The old hierarchy remained, but a fragile bulwark against inevitable change. 
An observer – that had been her official role. Then she got the call. It wasn’t so much Central Council of old but a faction within that were now the de facto grand chamber. No longer the strict adherence to the Temporal Directive, this was a mission with a distinct proactive element.
Her shuttle emitted a signal equivalent to the guard spider-drones; it should only seem that this one was returning to Earth for maintenance. Still she felt a surge of fear of some anomaly detected by the Machines’ ever-vigilant monitors.
The landing site was next to a disused compound in the Brazilian-Amazon rain-forest, restored to much of its lush glory. The Machines tended to keep away from this area, opting to leave it to the natural processes. 
Many places on earth nature thrived; the small creatures not warranting the attention of the new colonizers, being below their sentience-detection radar. Perhaps they viewed these creatures as mere biological machines, efficient and logical in their co-dependent functions. Unlike humans, of course, who had become irrational and purposeless (in their view). Of course, at this level the fauna and flora were like a vast machine: functioning beautifully without any need for interference. Humans, and their sentient ilk the B’tari, could never co-exist as part of this machine but as interlopers at best, parasites at worst. She remembered how bad the exploitation from humans had become during the late twentieth and early twenty-first century, where rain-forest had been hacked away for prized resources, for profitable land. After all, humans – at the top of the food chain – were rightly entitled to mould their environment. She knew these people who hacked away at the forest would tell you they themselves were simply surviving, simply providing for their families a subsistence living. They were not the prime exploiters but the bottom of a human food chain. The fact is, she concluded, it was all about exploitation, from the simplest bug upwards.
It was not that all humans were gone. Zoraina had the coordinates of an ancient tribe, only her locator was not set to pick up pure bio-signals. She had no idea how much of the original neural bioform remained. She wondered if it was even possible to tell the difference, when only gleaning from a translation program.
A cluster of dots led her to a clearing. She was nervous, of course. Although she looked impeccably human they were bound to suspect her motives, a woman of fairly generic South American appearance that was unlikely to convince a local under close scrutiny. Yet – in the few forest clearings – these were isolated tribes, even from each other. She reached a grouping of huts, made of mud and wood – as if the centuries of civilized modern culture had never penetrated the dense forest. So easy to make assumptions at this, so easy to be led into doing so.
The huts themselves did have doors. How would she indicate her presence?
That was a dilemma soon resolved. The man was dressed in khaki cargo trousers and a faded print t-shirt, but his dark skin clearly marked him out as a native. He was standing in an open doorway, and drew something silver to his mouth, it made a high shrill noise – a whistle. Others came out of their huts: women, men, again developed-world attired but from some previous century style. They gathered round her, talking in words her translator was so far not relaying. One man produced a weapon that buzzed with an electrical field between two prongs
Distracted by the weapon wielder’s approach, she hadn’t noticed who had crept up behind her, but now they had grabbed her arms, locking them behind her back. Now, she thought, would be a good time to communicate. 
‘Hello there, my name is Zoraina. I am here to survey your local environment.’
She always had faith in her translator array; it was programmed with over five thousand languages, and even if it encountered one not stored it would analyze every aspect of speech patterns to form a model. After all, there were only a limited number of ways the humanoid form could communicate. She just hoped it had picked up enough to be able to approximate their language.
‘Mechanical – yes?’ The man with the electrical device asked.
‘No, no. I’m not one of them. Are you?’
The man laughed. ‘We’re pure blood. Pure flesh. We destroy them.’
‘Ah, good. We share a common interest.’
‘How do we know?’
‘Do I look like a mechanoid?’
Again he laughed. ‘They look like all kinds, trying to fool us.’
‘But I am a weak human.’ She declared. Something approximating the truth.
‘You pretend.’ It didn’t seem to be meant as a question.
‘No. I really am in some pain,’ she said in truth. Whoever it was who had her arms was increasing the pressure.
Another man walked forward with a knife. Things were looking bad. She could send a signal to her supervisor, but then jeopardize her entire mission. Instead she said, ‘No, wait. I can provide a DNA sample for you.’
That seemed to make no difference, maybe the words didn’t translate properly. The knife man got very close. Zoraina closed her eyes fearing the worse. There was pain, for sure, a sharp slice to her face. And then:
‘You possibly flesh-human.’
She could feel the blood trickling down her face, but also the sting of a finger dragging along the gash. She opened her eyes to the knife man. ‘Look,’ she said, ‘if I was one of them I would not be here on my own.’
‘They very clever; look and act like flesh and blood, make us lower our defences.’
This didn’t make sense to her. The machines – from all accounts – simply assimilated humans without any need for guile or subterfuge. Perhaps they already had; perhaps these people held that they resisted transmogrification because the alternative was unconscionable to them. Given they already had contact, it was not beyond the bounds of reason. But on the other hand the Machines might have sensed the effort to transform such an isolated community held no reward; they could be no threat. That’s why, she reasoned, these people could prove useful in the fight against such pernicious artificial entities.
Zoraina wondered if they’d have to expose one of her internal organs to be finally convinced that she was not in any way machine.
She allowed herself to be led into the hut by the knife-man. At first glance there was the usual accoutrement: within the mud-dried walls, a simple gnarled-leg table, an iron stove above which hung a cooking pot – all exactly what she’d expect. 
So what happened next astonished her. Her host pulled up a hemp-haired carpet to reveal a trap door. He lifted up a brass-ring handle then indicated for her to follow. Immediately thoughts of her imprisonment in some dank cellar or dungeon used for torturing prisoners – to finally get that crucial information about her true nature. The man smiled at her, which didn’t seem reassuring in the least. She followed nevertheless, thinking her fate was sealed regardless. Below the open hatch only darkness, though she could see the tip of a rung of steps. ‘Follow,’ he instructed her.
He descended the steps, and as she followed suit Zoraina noticed a glow below her, it was just enough that she could see her footing. Then a light suddenly flashed on. As she reached the bottom and turned round Zoraina was shocked to find an array of electronics in what looked to be a clinically modern lab. Or a control room? The incongruity struck her as if she’d just walked into an alien spacecraft. There were flashing lights, panels with rotating symbols. This place even seemed to be air-conditioned.
‘How? What is this?’ she asked her rather pleased-looking host.
‘Our station of operations. It is where we track the mechanoids and send out EMP drone strikes.’ His words seemed perfectly fluent, in whatever language they happened to be translated from; maybe her translator had accustomated to their speech.
‘How – how do you possess this kind of technology?’
The broad smile again. ‘The beings from the stars. They provide everything we need.’
But we are the beings from the stars! ‘What beings? What did they look like?’
‘Very tall. Thin.’
Surely not. Not them! They’ve gone, retreated; defeated. ‘And they are helping you to destroy the mechanoids?’
‘We are the last hope for this world.’
‘Oh really. Is that what they told you?’
He looked at her askance. ‘Didn’t you know? All humans have gone, we are the last left.’
‘I understand.’ She nodded. ‘We can think of them as being dead. And they only avoid you because of your bequeathed technology, right? But why are you the chosen ones?’
‘We are known for our unconventional belief in time ...’
‘Yes, your concepts of past and future differ from most humans. But isn’t that merely language?’
‘Language is our primary tool for understanding reality. What is reality without language?’
‘Fair point.’ She nodded. ‘Of humans you are the most different.’ 
He beckoned her over to a monitor showing blobs of green with adjoining circles, tagged with labels. He placed a finger on one of the green blobs and it suddenly expanded into a shape she immediately recognized – a mechanoid. It was quite humanoid in shape yet distinctly non-biological in its silvery form. It held what she knew to be a phase weapon – a tapered anodized device.
‘That one is approaching our encampment. It intends to destroy us. It is not the first; some have even come in disguise as humans.’
‘So I’ve gathered.’
‘Observe.’
‘As the mechanoid got within visual distance of the camp it suddenly froze.’
‘What happened?’ she asked.
‘A EMP stun burst. Fifty mega joules.’
‘Impressive. But they’ll come back online, won’t they?’
‘Observe.’
A member of the camp gingerly approached the mechanoid, produced what she saw to be a laser cutter, as he drew the beam across the silver head with a dexterity that suggested a well practised skill, and similarly when he removed its electronic brain.
‘You’d think they’d have adapted,’ she commented. 
‘They will. Of course, they knew we would take one of their neural substrates. We’ve learned them to be laced with some type of explosive, which we can neutralist’
‘I understand. Anyone can use EMP bursts. Well, that’s not beyond human technology. It’s what happens afterwards, that’s where your special tech comes in. Still overconfidence---’
‘Can lead to carelessness. But our tech is really good.’
‘And do you keep the neural captures?’
‘We destroy them. They are the enemy soldiers, after we extract the memories for our providers.’
‘I see.’ Zoraina felt uneasy. Was this encampment part of a greater war than they appreciated? And if they knew the bigger picture, did it even matter that they were gladly the key participants? This was not the war she had anticipated – humans siding with an old enemy of the B’tari believed to have been vanquished if not completely annihilated. Rumour had it that for over a century the B’tari high command had searched for signs of this once powerful race during the years of the takeover (machine revolution, some would say), not to seek their help but to ensure they were truly gone. If the B’tari Central Council knew of their return, they would order a complete withdrawal of all intervention, or at the very least her intervention? 
So, for her mission to succeed she had to keep this extraordinary discovery a secret. 
Some chance of that, She thought.

* * *





3

Torbin was at a dinner party when it again happened.
His wife Delina decided after all that she would celebrate her fortieth at a rather high class restaurant; the type of establishment that was guaranteed to make him feel uncomfortable, with its mannered surroundings, the waiter who was distinctly and indubitably human (as opposed to a machine). Then there was the menu – the exotica, the refined and the downright avant-garde all there to make the task of choosing nothing less than uncomfortable. This was not about celebration, that was done the night before: a last chance to misbehave, he imagined. This was affirmation – of status. But of course he would never accuse Delina of this. No, he’d gone along with it with seeming alacrity, because for your fortieth you needed something worthy of such a milestone, an age that once conferred the beginning of a decline. In these times the phrase ‘life begins at...’ had never been so embraced. It really didn’t need to have any real meaning beyond a chronological mark. He thought of his own fortieth, in a sense he had celebrated it – the contented plateau on which his life rested. The doubts were not there back then. If only he could take himself back to that time. Or even just a few weeks.
Torbin was never fond of the stretch before the first course arrived.
A conversation got under way, initiated by Delina’s mother, a woman who would never accept that she was anywhere beyond early middle-age, wearing a black dress way too tightly for his liking (mother-in-laws were never supposed to look that sexy; though at least it augured well for Delina – if she opted for ‘the treatment’). Her much younger lover by her side – a twenty-something who appeared quietly embarrassed to be there – seemed to underline her denial of her true age. Delina disapproved as was only right, but tonight it seemed she would be keeping her disapproval well hidden. 
‘I’m impressed with Choidry’s knowledge of physics,’ the woman said, who still sounded like a sixty-eight-year-old. ‘For a five year old that is quite something. I guess he’s a chip off the old block.’ Then, no more than two seconds later: ‘I’m impressed Choidry’s knowledge of---’
‘---yes, so you’ve just told me,’ Torbin interrupted. But he noticed people’s shocked reaction, even Delina.
‘Torbin, she was just saying.’
‘I know. Sorry.’ He amended, not wanting to stir things. But she seemed have repeated that sentence in exactly the same way.’
Delina said, ‘Anyway I think mum’s absolutely right...
Torbin was distracted then by a man on the table opposite. He appeared to be on date; the woman had the kind of extravagant beauty to even put Delina in the shade. The man was staring at Torbin now, making him feel uncomfortable. But there was something else. He was sure he recognized the man, who persisted with his staring. Perhaps he knew of Torbin’s work. It got to the point where others on his table were noticing. ‘Looks like someone’s being a bit nosy,’ Delina observed.
‘Yeah.’ Torbin nodded. ‘Excuse me a minute.’
No one seemed to mind that Torbin was leaving to approach the man. There was something familiar about him: that chiselled face, perfectly cut purple shirt over a gym-honed physique, eliciting in him a slight resentment which he couldn’t quite justify, much less explain. When he got to table the man was smiling at him. ‘Do I know you?’ Torbin enquired.
‘Perhaps.’
‘Then you know me?’
‘Somewhat.’ That smile again, it made him feel – irritated. An old foe?
‘So.’
‘So, you’ve noticed it’s happening again. It will continue to happen until you do something about it.’
‘What are you---Anyway who exactly are you?’
‘Why, I’m the man who has the one answer you seek most.’
‘Sure you do, but what is your name?
‘Roidon Chanley.’
A shiver, like they say when someone walks over your grave. He never understood that expression, but here he felt it – that inexplicable shudder.
‘Your name is familiar but I’m afraid I cannot recall our association.’
The man reiterated his broad smile. ‘Maybe you prefer not to, or maybe something here has taken your memory. It has been a while – eighteen years, though it may seem even longer. Anyhow, we were part of a team---’
An explosion. Outside the restaurant but loud enough to drown out whatever the man was saying. The head waiter hurried over, a panicked look on his once immaculately impassive face. He said, ‘Sirs, a base charge generator has overloaded. We believe it to be foul play. This building is consequently no longer safe. You must leave immediately.’
Roidon gave the man a disdainful look. ‘The work of someone with an impeccable sense of timing, I do not doubt.’
‘Sir?’ The waiter raised an eyebrow.
‘Never mind. It can wait.’ He looked at Torbin. ‘It was nice to be reacquainted. We must catch up on old times soon.’
‘Sure.’ Torbin nodded, before dashing
 over to his table.
Delina’s mother was shaking her head, mouthing something before he could hear her words. ‘...Those anti establishment terrorists, I knew it,’ she said. ‘They’re trying to wreck what civilization we have. They’ll only be happy if we all went back to living in caves.’
‘Mum, it could just be some kid trying to steal energy,’ Delina said
The head waiter was now heading for their table, gesturing campily for them to leave, while his assistant had their jackets ready. Even though no-one had yet eaten, everyone complied with the new directive, assured that no payment was required for the wine they had thus far drunken.
As the others waited ‘a safe distance’ for their cabs, Torbin approached the charge point that bore the explosion. He only got near enough to notice the blackened charge-pad and the charred remains of its console pillar when he felt a hand on his shoulder.
‘Sir, I really would not advise you to get any closer.’ Torbin swivelled round to see the cop, smiling but in a strangely menacing way.
‘Oh. Dangerous is it?’ Torbin responded.
‘We have yet to ascertain the true cause of this explosion.’ From this few metre distance there was no smell, or even smoke.
‘But you have your suspicions, right? You don’t think it was an accident?’
‘I am not one to indulge in speculation. Now if you don’t mind.’ The cop, who was at least five centimetres taller than Torbin and considerably wider, manoeuvred around to block his view of the explosion remnants. 
Without another word Torbin returned to the waiting guests. Delina was giving him an uncharacteristically stern look, conveying some silent rebuke understood only by intimates. She said, ‘The cab will be here any second. Are you more interested in that’ (she pointed at the charred charge point) ‘than coming home with me?’
‘No, no. Of course not.’
‘Good. I mean all you really need to know is that because of some idiot our evening was ruined.’ 
A few seconds later their cab touched down. Delina’s friend, a willowy blonde called Sandria, suggested another restaurant they should all go to, but Delina declined, her bad mood obvious. The perfection had been ruined and that was it. Torbin couldn’t help but think his encounter with that old forgotten associate was somehow connected.
It was going to be a difficult night. 

* * *





4

The man had invited Zoraina to his living quarters to ‘discuss strategy’, a suggestion she acquiesced to with reluctance. They sat on a large beige sofa, which seemed to encompass her body in a way that demanded her relaxation. 
At some point this question would arise: Where are you from? The man who asked her – knife man, whom she now knew as Ipcardi III, was studying her with an uncomfortable scrutiny, and for brief moments touched her shoulder, her arm. He said, ‘You a courageous woman to be venturing to these parts. We thought there were no true humans left. Where you from?’ 
‘A location I have sworn to keep secret,’ she told him. ‘You understand; their eyes are everywhere.’
‘Their eyes are everywhere … but here. Here you are safe.’
She knew something of human male mating patterns; the need to search from outside the group was common across all species, logical for genetic health. And so here she was the outsider, a lone vulnerable female faced with a man possessing a healthy appreciation for logic and for – what he perceived to be – the human female form. 
‘I must make a confession,’ she conceded. ‘I am not merely here to observe, but to plan a counter attack against the Machines.’
‘I know – we know. It is about survival.’
‘But in order to survive you have had to do a deal with a seemingly benevolent alien who may not be what they appear.’
Immediately his countenance shifted from amiable (if lascivious) smiles and gestures to something that suggested he’d been affronted. He rose off the chair in a move that made her sink further into the couch’s envelopment.
‘What do you know of them?’ he demanded. He suddenly looked menacing again as he did when he first held the knife to her throat.
‘I...’ She was struggling for the words that would not give her true identity away. ‘I have studied accounts of the visitations. Was sceptical of their true power. But evidently they can be a formidable ally.’
‘If you deal with the devil, you have to give up your soul?’ he intoned.
‘No I didn’t mean---’
‘No?’ his voice almost a shriek. ‘Well, without their assistance we would not be here but one of the captured. We would no longer be.’
‘I am not judging you, Ipcardi. And I have no knowledge on the subject of souls, only of life’s preciousness. Perhaps your allies share the same beliefs as yours, perhaps their intentions are merely altruistic. It is only caution I am suggesting.’
‘Then you must trust me – my people, that we will not sacrifice our freedom or compromise our beliefs for anyone no matter how much they offer.’
‘You are a good man, Ipcardi.’
He looked at her with an intensity she had never seen in a human. ‘If you truly believe that, then will you be with me tonight?’
‘Be with you? Oh, be with you.’ She wondered if this was when a human female should finally acquiesce. 

* * *





5

On a train journey to Toronto, Torbin remembered so clearly now, like it was yesterday. Thirteen years since he’d last seen her. 
His eyes closed, he could be there; his mind racing unconstrained with the possibilities. Butterflies in his belly. 
He was twenty-nine and single, and he had a history of failure – in love as well as work. But even then he still had hope for the future, that inchoate confidence of the young not yet bound by the disillusionment of accumulated experience. On that warm summer’s day he met a woman on a train – the scenic route between Banff and Toronto. The woman was occupied by her tablet; the glints of projected pulses into her retinas confirming that nothing else in the train would (or at least should) intrude. There was every reason not to interrupt. But that’s exactly what he did, because this was not the first time he had seen her. This had to be a regular journey for her, for he only did this four or five times a year, yet this was the second time in six months they had happened to be booked in the same coach. Not that Torbin was a believer in fate. Fate, acausal coincidence: these were irreducible by any scientific method he knew of. Or any at all, he suspected. More than merely a job – a scientist, albeit one struggling for recognition; a lab assistant for the most part, awaiting that grant.
Anyway, good fortune favours the brave. But back then, he felt no braver than a boy on a quest for his first girl.
He sat in the vacant seat next to her. Her hair: long, wavy copper-red, a slight plumpness about her face; the beginnings of a double chin as she looked down – which was quite unusual when you could choose to be slim without recourse to exercise or diet even if you were on a moderate income. Yet he could tell she did spend time working out by the hint of muscle on her partly-exposed upper arm beneath a white blouse, which held her in snugly and, when he looked down, prominent calves above flat faux leather shoes. The skirt she wore also revealed quite powerful thighs – as much as he could see, but, he wondered, the tightness of it perhaps constricting in a deceptively flattering way. 
There was no questioning her attractiveness, though she was not what might be considered conventionally beautiful. Or even average (an appearance men could feel at ease with) because both tended to be popular with the opposite sex. And that kind of popular was not a good thing for Torbin. 
Regardless of these careful observations he could tell, if only intuitively (and unscientifically), she would not be an easy pick-up. But he had no intention of going through the usual protracted process.
He then said something he never believed he would. ‘Does a person’s history matter, if it is not dark or criminal?’
‘Excuse me.’ Her response was just what he expected. Her voice was what mattered: the way she enunciated, a precision, a slightly haughty irritation at the intrusion into her valuable time. 
‘I mean it’s a game, isn’t it. With rules we’ve accepted because that’s how it was always done. Conventions---’
‘Conventions hold civilization together,’ she said, her voice measured, yet there was definitely a warmth now. ‘Without them we’d be no more than animals.’ If she was looking at him at all it was only in the most peripheral vision.
‘But we are. Only just more sophisticated versions.’
‘Huh.’ A sound of derision at his unoriginal statement, but she did look right at him for a brief moment, then back to her tablet.
He persisted. ‘I’m just making the point: we take these conventions because that’s what we feel society expects. To not be excluded.’
‘It’s been nice meeting you. Now if you don’t mind.’ Her head turned abruptly back to her screen. 
He thought he’d probably blown it. Still, he had nothing more to lose. “I’ve seen you on this train several times, and I’ve wanted to approach you, because … because I find you interesting, because I’d like to know you better. But I know time is limited, and you are a woman of high standards, for whom my own credentials may not be adequate.’
‘Well, you’re probably right there,’ she said at his truly brave words. ‘Nevertheless it is clear what you are after, and I’m sure there are plenty of women who appreciate such a direct approach and would ask nothing of your credentials. Perhaps just money.’
‘I’m just tired of playing the game,’ he admitted.
She inclined her head sideways, then sighed. ‘And I’m tired of this conversation.’ Her weary words. 
‘Can I even ask your name?’
‘If I told you would you leave me alone?’
A reluctant nod. ‘Okay. If that’s really what you want.’
‘Then it’s Emelda.’
‘Torbin.’
‘Interesting to have made your acquaintance, Torbin. Now if you don’t mind---’
‘Sure.’ 
Now he knew for certain – there was no chance. He returned to his original seat. His bitter thoughts: So much for the direct approach, and so much for bravery. But you have to know, when you’ve lost, when a situation is irredeemable. 
Except – as he remembered, and he felt it now – it only made him want her more. And when he last looked at her, the thought, no, the certainty that she would not be his was an agony that seemed rise in his chest. There, immediately; he wanted to tell her! How would she respond then? Too late, as soon he walked away. 
He was back in the present, disorientated for a moment. Only a few minutes had gone. A dream of the past triggered by that same journey, he surmised. It was odd how, looking back on it now, that she alone was ‘the one that got away’; more than just a missed opportunity for, well, sex. How could he not have realized love at first sight, when it was so clear to him now? Maybe he’d just forgotten, made himself believe that the woman he’d been with for the last eight years was the only one for him. Now he felt an emptiness. Loss. Strange, he was grieving a lost opportunity. 
Could anything be the same now?
It was not that he had to be somewhere; this was his day off – although as far as Delina was concerned this was just another work day, a day working towards that great goal of near instantaneous communication between planets, maybe even galaxies. He imagined her imagining him engaged in some experiment with directed wormhole projections towards a distant solar system. Not that she knew the details of his work, just enough to have an idea that he played a pivotal role in this project, that he led a team that were at his behest. Perhaps she even suspected that this team included a few attractive women, in admiration of his skills, enraptured by his passion – for his work. Yes, he’d known the signs from a particular blonde, had turned down the offer of a drink even though she claimed it was only to discuss work. There was no denying the number of opportunities a man in his position had to be with many women. But then, he was happily married. Had everything he could possibly wish for. Why risk jeopardizing that with one night of passion, to fulfill a curiosity for something a bit different? Maybe more adventurous, maybe dangerous. A year ago he could have rested on his laurels, have revelled in how much better his life was than the majority of men. But now, he remembered there was an alternative: dangerous and adventurous … but exciting. The Torbin of ten years ago would have feared that, feared getting burnt, been hampered by insecurity. The Torbin of even a year ago would have taken stock and realized, sensibly, there was just too much to risk losing on some youthful fantasy. If only. If only on their first encounter he’d had the courage to take that chance. 
Now he felt he had the courage. 
Was it success, or the passing of years and the realization that everyone had their shortcomings but only some knew how to make them seem irrelevant, no matter the reality?
Now he was looking around the seats, just hoping. It had been thirteen years since he had last seen her. What were the chances of seeing her again? Yet he had a feeling – far from anything he could rationalize – that this was the right train. And so he moved throughout the coaches. Looking down at the seated passengers, some of whom glanced back at him, some projecting miffed expressions as if he were impinging on their private space.
Now he was sure this was the last coach to be searched. A mote of doubt started to infect his mood. He persisted until, two rows from the end he found someone he recognized 
Him! The man from the restaurant. The man glanced up, recognizing Torbin immediately.
The man smiled, half nodding in acknowledgment ‘Hello,’ he said. ‘What a coincidence seeing you again.’
A wave of irritation washed over Torbin. ‘You’re … Royston?’
‘Nearly. It’s Roidon.’ The man grinned more broadly, seemingly amused that Torbin should misremember his name.
‘Well, nice to see you again Roidon, but I was just---’
‘Looking for an old flame?’
‘What? No! I was merely...’ But he could think of no excuse to come up with.
‘You were looking for a woman. With whom you felt you had some connection.’ He nodded once more. ‘I know what that’s like.’ 
‘Yes I’m sure.’ 
‘You won’t find her on this train.’
‘Is that so.’ Torbin fixed him with a challenging stare.
‘She can’t be found.’
‘How would you know?’ Torbin questioned.
‘Because I know women, and I know about obsession. Even when it drives you to the brink of losing everything, you still carry on – just for that one chance of the thing that tantalizingly eludes you.’
‘What’s this, psychology one-o-one?’
‘No, just some friendly advice, from someone who knows you.’
Torbin sat in the adjacent seat. ‘You know me? Because I sure as hell don’t remember you.’ But even as he said he knew that was not entirely the truth.
The man had that slightly smug knowing look. ‘You’ve forgotten, Torbin, because it had suited you. And I could have left you like this in your life of contentment. But now, it’s not enough is it?’
‘Just tell me exactly from where you know me, what was our association.’
‘All right. But you won’t believe me.’
‘Try me.’
‘Three years ago---’ 
A noise. An explosion. The train braked so suddenly they were both thrown against the seat in front, Torbin hitting his forehead on the back of its headrest. Roidon was groaning, saying something about it happening again. And at that point Torbin acknowledged the message he was trying to convey. 
A guard appeared, right on cue it seemed, telling them an explosive device had been detonated, and that they must leave the train without delay. But the the guard’s next action did come as a surprise. He grabbed a still-muttering Roidon by his upper arm, and said: ‘It’s you! You’re the one who planted the device.’
Roidon suddenly straightened, tried to shrug the man’s grip off his arm. ‘Don’t be absurd. Why I want to plant a bomb on this train?’
‘We have your image on record.’
‘As a culprit? That’s not possible.’ A smile formed which then developed into a manic laugh. ‘Oh, of course. Anything’s possible here. Forget that I’d have zero motive for planting a bomb. You just want me out – away from here. Away from him.’ He nodded, and that knowing smile again but not looking quite so smug. ‘Well here goes. Torbin, three years ago you were---’ Roidon had slumped forward. Torbin looked across at the guard who was brandishing a key-fob type device.
Torbin glared at the expressionless man. ‘Why did you do that? He was no threat.’
‘That is where you are wrong, sir,’ the guard told him confidently. ‘This is a highly dangerous man. A subversive, a terrorist. He was trying to inveigle you into his devious game.’
‘What are you talking about? How could you possibly know?’
‘Sir, it is all here.’ The guard showed Torbin his PDU tablet, which featured an image of Roidon, and rather prominently the word terrorist above a list of crimes.
Torbin knew something was very much amiss here, yet he allowed the guard to haul the still unconscious Roidon away, as another guard arrived to assist. Everyone was filing off the train now. In the absence of any other options, Torbin followed suit. 

* * *





6

Zoraina trudged through a forest. The trees were alive with chirping birds and chittering monkeys. Simply fulfilling their genetic imperative. There was something enviable to such obliviousness. She could even fool herself into believing that Earth was in an ideal state, better than previous centuries when human encroachment had rendered much of this area barren from decades of agriculture, survival as much as short term profit. You could think: this is nature in all its diversity, thriving as it had a millennia ago. 
There was no problem getting away from Ipcardi. Her excuse had been to conduct an environmental survey. Ipcardi didn’t even question that other than making her promise she’d return ‘soon’, his serene smile maintained seemingly having already achieved his objective where she was concerned. It only made her all the more doubtful of his resolve; his distraction, his loss of focus. Yet at the same time it was heartening to experience traditional human behaviour, when previously any want could be catered for synthetically. A microcosm of human civilization stripped bare. The Machines – according to what she had studied from their intercepted comms – disdainfully viewed humans as morally dubious pleasure seekers, corrupted from the simplicity their genes had once promised. The Machines’ adversaries the Elusivers seemed to share the same view. No surprise given the Machines were themselves a product of these ‘god-like’ beings; their fear that humans would one day create a similarly advanced non-bio technology. Sentient machines: were they really such an unforeseeable byproduct of the  the things to fulfill a need in labour-saving, pleasure-seeking beings? 
And her kind were of course far too wise to go encouraging robot evolution. Ever the benign outsiders, observing but not interfering. So Zoraina had broken the cardinal rule – cardinal being the operative word. Zoraina, however, knew that the Temporal Directive was in the process of a serious revision, a loophole here and there being teased out, a once unambiguous stricture reinterpreted for the modern age, made relevant as so many other doctrinal texts had been. The core mandate of her mission to ‘gain a more intimate knowledge of human society, the remains thereof’ itself was vague enough that she could justify her actions.
Yet, she was in trouble. They only knew she had stayed the night in this man’s hut. But that was enough to draw only one conclusion: an unattached female who recently acquired human form. Of course, it would only seem natural to experience the most pleasurable of what this new body had to offer. They surely knew there was always a risk. But at least by participating in human congress she had affirmed her human qualities.
They had sent her the communiqué via her sub-cranial transceiver, the message processed in the hearing portion of her brain as if someone were speaking to her in stereo. ‘Extraction will be at coordinates etc etc.’ Her subdermal scanner threw up an image of a green vector-wire grid with a red dot she had to hone in towards. At this point the idea of her true purpose being discovered by her new lover (a term perhaps over-qualifying his status, at least by human standards), or even one of his associates, had a certain appeal. There might even be a greater chance of her continuing on her mission. Sure, there’d be some kind of punishment but she felt confident she could – as an attractive human female – charm her way out of the worse consequences. But with the B’tari it was all about the simple parameters, Council judgements.
Even though she’d reached the vector point – with a bleep to confirm that – the swiftness of the beam took her by surprise: a sudden feeling of lightness, a haze of light all about. To an outsider just a disturbance in the air for no more than a second. The B’tari had prided themselves as the masters of stealth. 
Her handler, Zandaren, already waiting in the port bay into which she arrived, wearing the white tunic uniform, arms folded, his unaltered reptilian face scouring. This was not going to be anything even approximating a warm welcome.
‘Glad you made it back safely,’ he began in the B’tari language. ‘Observations indicate you became fully integrated.’ 
‘Yes I did it with one of them,’ she admitted straight out. ‘Am I to be punished for that?’
‘Punished. No,’ he assured her, yet the sour expression remained. ‘The intelligence you have gathered has been invaluable. We would never have suspected humans of using Elusiver technology. Frankly that changes the game for us.’
‘What about for me?’
‘For you, we have a mission that will send you into the heart of human society.’
‘What society? Is there more than one?’ 
‘In the real world, maybe not. However, there is the other realm.’
‘But you said I would not be punished.’ She wished she hadn’t sounded like the rookie they surely regarded her as.
‘Zoraina, you have proved your ability to adapt. Think of this as a progression.’
She detected the pleasure in his voice at meting out this new order.
‘Tell me I’m not going to become hooked up in the same substrate like those poor people.’
‘As far as we know they are not suffering. They are just unaware.’
‘What good---’
‘Your mission is to meet up with a man named Roidon Chanley, a former asset of the B’tari.’
‘And then?’
‘We will inform you once you are immersed.’
‘But once I find Roidon I will be allowed to leave?’
‘You will have the command codes neurally imprinted.’
She smiled with obvious falseness. ‘Total trust as ever.’

* * *





7

The news reader’s form was positioned as if her desk were near in front of Torbin’s comfy chair. How incongruous she appeared in his lounge in her formal shirt, all bolt straight and precision pronunciation. He wasn’t really concentrating on the news story – something about the merger of e-commerce companies – to be sure of what he heard. So he requested a replay, but this time there was no repeat of the sentence. Of course not. But how many times could he simply dismiss it?
He continued to listen as she moved on to a story about re-wilding the Amazon rainforest. Now he would be prepared: he requested a projected real-time display and set up the room monitor to record. And then, less than a minute into the package, a reporter said, ‘...underutilized cleared section, once used for soya produ---’ she repeated as if a glitch had sent back the programme, which should now have been live. What gave the lie to any glitch theory was the reset of the time display; the odds of both occurring simultaneously … well, he couldn’t even calculate. Checking the monitor feed, showed no such repetition. Then it was personal to him. This left only two options to consider: either he was going insane or time really was repeating.
He switched off the projection. Delina was not due back from work for at least another two hours. Within that time he had to have his answer. He requested a link with Dr Fortenski. Naturally she was busy. However, after a twenty minute wait, she did indulge him with a ‘brief consultation’, her form seated behind a desk.
‘Doctor, it’s happening more frequently now,’ he told her.
‘I see,’ she said with a slight drawl of reservation.
‘What do you suggest?’
She looked skywards as if searching for inspiration. ‘I wish I had a course of action,’ she said. ‘But even a diagnosis can only be arbitrary.’ 
‘I can’t take this any more,’ Torbin protested. ‘I think I’m going mad.’
‘Then you’re probably not,’ she reassured him.
‘Then how else can you explain it?’
The psychiatrist looked at him intensely. ‘There is only one course of action I can suggest,’ she told him. ‘A full neurological scan.’
Torbin considered this, considered the scenario that they’d find a simple fixable dysfunction. Then they would rewire his neurons, or remove some growth. Or something worse: an endogenous disorder which meant he could no longer be part of society. Or discover nothing, and then he would be committed for further tests for a psychological condition. 
Still: ‘Okay, doctor I’ll go for the scan.’
Dr Fortenski relaxed into a posture of relief. ‘I’ll make the appointment and get back to you.’
A flash of panic, a physical pain darting through his chest. A feeling manifest of having made the most appalling error, an act that seemed irreversible. It didn’t matter that he knew the psychiatrist to be someone of integrity; that an appointment is not legally binding and can be cancelled. He felt he’d committed himself and was now on that journey’s descent to a dark unknown place. He remembered once being barred down on some grim theme park ride promising a new level of terror; never wanted to try it but felt he should to prove he wasn’t scared. How could there be any quick fix or even diagnosis? Whatever he was going through lay outside the norm (he felt certain) of psychiatry. He was an oddity whose potential diagnosis – if it were to be represented in analytic numbers – would somehow be discomforting, unsettling, disturbing; not even so much for him but for the medical community. If they really could no longer deny the reality of his experience.
But just as he settled down in his chair, returned the live news feed, it began to happen again. The news reader in staccato repetition, the words: ‘for safety considera---.’ A repeating loop, resetting her posture each time to repeat those words. He hadn’t even any idea what she was talking about. He looked at the projected analogue display, which itself flicked back.
Nausea took hold, he wanted to puke but couldn’t quite. 
Just … escape! 
Torbin jumped off the chair, ran for the nearest door. 
Outside in his front garden, the world appeared unchanged. Then he looked overhead. It was a car, at a distant enough altitude that it only appeared as a grey oval blob, but its resetting of position was unmistakable. Then he noticed a bird repeating in sync.
The world is stuck. The world is stuck!
The world was losing its coherence; Torbin was losing his grip on it. Going away from him in all its unacceptable unreality. 

* * *





8

Roidon Chanley was more than simply an asset of the B’tari, he had become the protégé – the boy wonder brought back from his own self induced annihilation. He was less and yet paradoxically more than a man. It must have made him view life in a unique way. Zoraina had everything on him, it gave her a sense of power as much as privilege. Especially observing him in his current predicament: locked in a cell. Roidon’s sense of powerlessness and frustration must be greater than that of any normal prisoner, given his awareness. Yet she already had a respect for him, for what he had tried to do to lead to this.
Here she was a visitor, his lawyer, asserting her right for a private consultation. Her clothes were efficient, smart but tightly fitting enough to emphasis her well-honed human form. She knew Roidon would appreciate that: women were his Achilles heel, she understood. Here this felt like a safe use of power.
Roidon’s cell looked less than comfortable; a remand holding place designed in its austerity for him to reflect on his ‘criminal actions’. Conveniently framed to keep him from his objective. 
At her approached, her insistent clicking heels on the hard floor, he looked up, his sour expression brightened. Just a man in a dark blue – prison-issue – jumpsuit.
‘A visitor.’ He was looking her over in just the way she expected. ‘To what do I owe this honour?’
‘The honour is all mine, Mr Chanley.’
‘Are you about to tell me that my reputation precedes me?’
‘Something like that.’
‘That means you were sent by the B’tari.’
‘Yes, I work for them.’
‘Convincingly human,’ he surmised. ‘I would happily be taken in by such deception. It would not be the first time.’
‘Anyway. To business,’ she said.
‘The business of my rescue? But weren’t there less involved ways of achieving that?’
‘We work within the restricted parameters of the system. Not that you seem to have much regard for them.’
‘Well, of course you do – and of course I don’t. How naïve of me to think the B’tari would tear up their rule book even after humanity had been assimilated.’
‘Not all of humanity.’
‘No. Just ninety nine, point nine per cent.’
‘About ninety nine point seven,’ she corrected. ‘If there is a means to work within the system then that is always preferable.’
‘You sound like a lackey. I am hoping you are more than that.’
‘Aren’t you simply hoping for your freedom?’
‘Considerably.’ He nodded. ‘I bet the irony is not lost on the administrators. The former overseer trapped as a prisoner; the one who always wanted to be human at the mercy of the machines.’ 
‘Neither is it lost on us.’
He grabbed her arm, it made her gasp. ‘Tell me how integrated they made me. Is there anything left?’
‘Of your flesh? Why are you concerned with that when what matters is your memory?’
‘Don’t tell me you haven’t tasted the delights of being human, with all its imperfections.’
‘Yes, there is a novelty value,’ she admitted. ‘But to answer your question, your integration has been total. We had to feed you false data to keep you motivated. You see, Mr Chanley, we never did port you in. You died, just like your friend Torbin, and were captured at that point of death.’
‘You thought I couldn’t mentally handle it. How little you lot know me – and after so many years. I can always cope with the truth.’
‘History does not back up your point.’ She did a swiping gesture with her hand as a way of dismissing that comment. ‘Anyway, enough of this. To business.’
‘To business.’ Roidon placed his hand on her knee. Of course, he must have known she’d hacked the sensor feed, albeit virtual. 
Zoraina promptly removed his hand. ‘No, no. Not that kind of business!’
Roidon sighed, but it seemed like an affectation. ‘Well, what else could you mean?’ he said. ‘It’s not as if you can get me out of here. And even if you did I would only be in a virtual prison.’
‘I have a guarantee from my commander that you will receive a new body once your mission is complete.’
‘If it matches my old one I will happy. And so might you.’ He winked – a bit too obviously, she thought.
‘Now as I was about to do.’ She focused her attention on the rear wall, to the side of Roidon’s bunk bed. ‘Projecting code 4-6-5-2-7 alpha gamma zero.’ The wall simply dissolved to an arch, revealing the grey tarmac grounds.
Roidon chuckled, nodded his head knowingly. ‘Is that an example of working within the system?’
Zoraina ignored the question. ‘We must leave now,’ she told him.
‘My place or yours?’
‘Neither. Follow me.’
She walked as fast as her heels allowed, which was a kind of speeded up tottering. Her tight pencil skirt a further encumbrance. If it wasn’t for Roidon ogling her from near behind (and ogling her behind) she would have ripped the damn thing off. When she opted for this body, she wanted it to win the favour of those with whom she hoped to insinuate herself. It had got her privileged access, literally opened doors. Now it was a nuisance, especially in the presence of this self-styled oversexed and of late deprived lothario. 
‘I don’t mind giving you a fireman’s carry,’ Roidon said, pacing along her side. ‘We’d get through that perimeter much quicker.’
A fireman? Sounded risky. ‘Thanks for the offer,’ she said, ‘but I am confident we will make it.’ There must be a way to conjure up a pair of running shoes, she thought. If this mission hadn’t seemed so rushed they might have bothered to give me the necessary access code.
The gate would be festooned with security monitors so she had to direct the code at a part of the razor wire. What an uninventive method of security, she mused as its mesh melted away. So much in this world was based on old symbology.
Working within certain confines of the system, they still had to make for her car. And here the trouble began. A siren was already whaling (again – tired symbology); they only reached it as gun-wielding guards shouted and ran towards them. A first shot hitting the vehicle on the point of them entering its secure chassis.
‘Movie-like timing,’ Roidon remarked, as they ascended.
‘Just don’t start acting the hero now.’
‘I know my place, ma’am.’
‘In my bed, you’re probably hoping.’
‘Well, it’s not as if this is reality.’
‘It is for some, and I respect that.’
Reaching the supposed velocity of Mach 8.7 the car still had to weave in and out of missile trajectories as it continued a steep upward ascent. Above the virtual clouds the sky was darkening.
‘They really are determined to keep you incarcerated,’ Zoraina observed.
‘I’m flattered they consider me such a threat.’
‘The man you’ve been in contact with, he has some vital knowledge, something that could disrupt the entire system.’
‘Torbin chose to forget. But – just as happened to me – a part of his mind is rejecting the program. I’ve been observing the way he obsesses about the past. May not even be the real past. But, crucially, he is losing his connection with whatever it is that passes for his current life.’
She fixed him in a firm gaze. ‘Roidon, don’t be so dismissive of this reality. I know you think you are beyond it, that you can discard it. But for every human it is all, it’s their only chance of existing.’
‘What it is, my lovely b’tari woman, is a lie. A mockery of existence that people buy into because it suites their desires. There is not a thing you can tell me about this type of existence. To use an old Earth expression, I wrote the book.’
She lent partially across the seat divider and patted him on the shoulder. ‘Of that I am all too aware.’
Darkness of space became obliterated by the searing luminescence of a crescent moon.
‘A virtual base?’ Roidon wondered.

* * *





9

At first it was the smell. He had only been to a place like this perhaps twice in his life, but he recognized that astringent odour – the clinical efficacy – and the bleep bleep of the monitor. Before his vision returned he knew there could only be one place he’d be taken to after such an episode.
A nurse was there, seemingly awaiting his return to consciousness. His wife sat in plastic chair to his side, suddenly becoming animated at his awakening.
‘Torbin!’ she said. ‘Oh thank God.’
The nurse now seemed to assert her authority by blocking the view of Delina. She smiled warmly though before returning her attention to a small tablet device, and once again looked up at him. ‘It was touch and go for a while. We have never seen anything quite like it.’
Torbin was trying to compute what had happened; he still felt a disconnect from reality, as if the normal rules no longer applied – the dream he still had not woken from. 
‘Like what?’ he now felt able to ask.
The nurse returned to her tablet, and seemed to be transferring thought-waves to its interface. ‘Well,’ she said, while studying the display. ‘You suffered severe cerebral shock, caused by a temporal lobe discordia.’
What the nurse told him made little sense, yet he persevered. ‘What could trigger that?’ he asked. ‘What could I have done to make myself think time was repeating itself?’ Torbin noticed Delina become visibly distressed; her husband now off the radar – a medical basket case.
‘This is what we still need to determine, Mr Lyndau,’ the nurse told him. ‘You are scheduled for further tests this afternoon.’
Torbin felt the weight of obligation pressing down on him, the expectation of his wife, of the medical staff seemingly acting in his best interest. Yet in his mind that immersion scanner had taken on a deadly quality, a place from which he would never emerge. Whatever his condition, it was beyond the bounds of such procedural diagnosis, he sensed, however advanced the technology. He had the urge to flee, something he could not rationalize Trouble was, he couldn’t hide this; the monitors – EKG, EEG – were telling the nurse he was distressed. Her look of concern only outweighed by Delina’s. 
‘Torbin, you must try to relax. We will not subject you to anything unpleasant,’ the nurse assured him. Yet he was certain he must avoid that scanner. 
‘I would rather not go in for the scan,’ Torbin announced. ‘It is my choice, isn’t it?’
‘We are very concerned for your welfare, Mr Lyndau.’ Her voice had taken on a strangely formal manner. ‘It is essential you submit yourself for the scan, otherwise there can be no effective diagnosis.’
‘Still, it is my choice, right?’ He looked at her intensely. And then it seemed right on cue a middle aged man appeared – the bow-tied consultant look
The nurse turned away from his gaze, in the direction of Delina. And to his wife she said, ‘Would it be okay if I spoke to you outside?’
Delina looked thoughtful, but after a few second she acquiesced and they both left the room.
The doctor now appeared to be scrutinizing Torbin, before saying, ‘I once had a patent like you who refused to go for his scan. He understood it would be in his best interests but nevertheless decided to use his patent’s right above the medical advice.’
‘Don’t tell me,’ Torbin said. ‘He died of some complication which could have been easily cured if only he had gone for that scan.’
‘You are correct, Mr Lyndau,’ the consultant nodded. ‘However, you omitted that he left a wife and two kids, and two parents whose lives were shattered.’
‘I would never intend that---’
‘No, Torbin. I know of course you wouldn’t. You are a decent and kind man, as your wife has expressed, and you would never want them to think you’d risk leaving them.’ The doctor smiled knowingly. ‘But,’ he added, ‘I understand that the thinking preventing you from taking the recommended course of action is based on fear. The man who died so needlessly had the simple fear of being diagnosed with a condition he believed would involve months of unpleasant treatment. He had been a healthy man his whole life. And then, suddenly, a rare neurological condition was going to turn him into a helpless patient, being constantly probed and prodded.’ The man patted him lightly on his shoulder. ‘Well, that doesn’t have to be the case. It may be something that can be quite simply cured. It may only take days.’
Torbin sat up straight. ‘Doctor, I will take my chances. I wish to be discharged.’
The doctor took a few steps back, as if the shock of hearing Torbin’s words brought with it a physical force. Delina then walked in, accompanied by the nurse. His wife was in tears. She rushed towards the bed, shaking her head and struggling to get the words out. ‘Torbin, dearest. You mustn’t leave. Don’t do this to me, please.’ Her tears became audible crying.
Something curious then occurred to Torbin. He hadn’t mentioned leaving, in the presence of Delina. Had she overheard? Anyway he felt no change of heart; he just knew he had to get out of this place.
‘I’m sorry, Deli.’ 
He got up off the bed. But the doctor, who had been observing from the far end of the room, made the rapid strides. In his hand was something Torbin understood to be a hypofuser. The man said, ‘I will not allow another one of my patients to die because of some irrational fear.’ He then thrust the hypofuser towards Torbin, but he was ready for it and pushed the man’s hand out of the way. 
There seemed a gap in time, a gap in space through which to escape, and he sensed a chance to reach the exit. But just as he lurched off the bed a hand was on his shoulder; the nurse with seeming preternatural strength had stopped him, long enough for the doctor to jam the hypofuser into his arm. 
The room began to swirl as if he was badly inebriated. Losing focus, losing will. Losing any grasp on reality.

* * *





10

All she needed to do was give the correct command code, and they would be out of there, back in the real. She thought, at least here in this virtual environment of a moon-base – the safest place – she should remember. Except it just wasn’t there, not even a vaguest sense of it. Until now she simply trusted the will to remember would be enough. All the other codes, now unnecessary, still accessible, fixed in her mind like text chiselled in stone, when she thought of the action that needed to be achieved. It didn’t help that Roidon – on the other end of a soft recliner couch – was studying her, doubtless running scenarios through his mind of how he would go about his latest conquest. But after a few minutes of watching what must have been her contorted expression of frustration, he said: ‘Had it occurred to you that they don’t want you to leave this realm, that you were duped into coming here?’
‘But I downloaded the code. I checked the file; I was confident I had it stored,’ she protested. But in retrospect she was feeling naive for her unquestioning trust.  
‘Well, I think you can assume we are stuck here,’ he said levelly. ‘But not through any loss of your memory.’
‘Oh, yes?’ she snapped, annoyed with herself as much as Roidon. ‘And you are going to tell me what we are supposed to do?’
‘I was going to suggest you help me in my quest – to find Torbin Lyndau.’
‘You were right,’ she conceded. ‘I’ve been duped. I always believed that any worthy b’tari never lies.’
Roidon raised his square chin, meeting her eye-line. ‘And you were right to believe that. You have to think: did they really lie or did they simply omit to tell the truth.’
‘They said they would give me the necessary command codes.’
‘And that’s the extent of it?’
‘Fair point.’
Roidon got up off the couch and headed towards the coffee dispenser. He returned with two bulbs, offering her the one with coffee which appeared to be exactly how she preferred it: no milk. And he said, ‘One sugar it is, right?’
‘Yes, how did you know?’
‘I could just tell, from a number of observations.’
She thought to question what they were but instead let it pass.
Roidon put his coffee down on an adjacent onyx table. ‘I’ve lost track of Torbin,’ Roidon admitted. ‘I managed to attach a scanner to him, but since it is only a virtual one, an algorithm, I suppose it can simply be deleted. It means they have become suspicious.’
‘Sticking you in prison. You don’t say(!)’
‘I mean at a high level. The scanner contained masking code, invisible to normal sensors.’ 
‘Do you really know who they are?’
‘Of course I do. I have been in the presence of one of their masters.’
‘Then you know that as far as your friend Torbin is concerned it is fairly hopeless – hopeless that we can do anything from here.’
‘But we work within the parameters of the system.’
‘And you know where they are?’ 
Roidon gestured a waving motion, causing a metre wide opaque screen to materialize before them. It displayed a detailed map of Calgary. Green dots then appeared with blue track lines connecting them. ‘This charts Torbin’s last known movements before the tracker went off-line,’ he explained. ‘His last known location was actually just outside his home. The last reading from it shows a highly elevated heart rate before neural trauma.’
‘That doesn’t make sense; how could you get his telemetry from a virtual tracker?’
‘It’s just software, right? Whatever happens in his virtual experience is reflected back to real life, or vice versa to some extent. No one can experience that level of stress in this environment without it creating some kind of disruption in their immersion pod.’
Then the memory came back to her in a rush, now present as if something she should have been aware of, an imbued fact. ‘But Torbin doesn’t have a real body,’ she told him; ‘he died activating the field device. He’s just like the other captures.’
‘That’s what I believed. It is what I was meant to believe. They even wiped my memory, made me think I was just a standard human – a man with a satisfactory life – until I gained access to my program store. And then it made sense: they value Torbin, he essentially did their bidding, and so they were likely to make a concession, give him back what he had sacrificed for them – his physical body. And then the promise he could one day return to it.’
‘I’m not so sure,’ she countered. ‘I’ve studied them also, and it seems to me the very idea of providing a biological form would be unconscionable to them.’
‘You may be right,’ he conceded with a subtle nod. ‘My point being, there is something in existence that is Torbin Lyndau, that functions in the physical world be it organic or cyborg.’
She looked at him, a challenging glare.
Roidon looked only at the screen. ‘Display route biotelemetry.’ The map was replaced by a stream of green number strings scrolling upwards. He made a brief pointing gesture, as if any direction was needed. ‘Those are genuine neural patterns: second by second of recorded activity. There would be no point in simulating those.’
‘Unless for the purpose of fooling you.’
‘Then that would make them more sophisticated in their suspicions than I ever imagined. That would be some special kind of paranoia.’
This place, this reality – she mused – had its way of immersing you by removing your life on the outside; particularly memories that might intrude or cause conflict. Or maybe those memories were only suppressed. Roidon was joining the dots to try to complete a picture that he had been losing bit by bit, adding some additional detail. But maybe none of it made any difference, maybe there was only so much he could achieve before whole system locked down. 
Those parameters.

* * *





11

A dark ocean, the merest sliver of a moon. The boat was out of reach. He was on a small inflatable raft, about fifty metres away, watching it sink. Except, when he looked more carefully, it wasn’t a boat but a car. Had it crashed into the sea? Was he a passenger? He heard screams. A woman was in there, her head peering out of the vehicle’s hatch. Torbin tried to think of a way to reach her. He had no paddles so instead lay face down then frantically used his hands to propel the raft. The screams contained his name. He knew that voice. Was it Delina? No, someone else very familiar to him, though.
Now, having gained some momentum, he looked up just in time to see the woman sink below surface. And in that instant he knew it was her, the woman from the train. He thought about swimming the rest of the way but it soon occurred to him that he never learned to swim, gave up on lessons as an nine-year-old after an incident in an upturned canoe where he felt he would drown, had never seen the need to learn thereafter. The raft contained only one paddle; he tried gaining forward momentum, moving from one side to the other to correct a haphazard trajectory. Now all he could do was keep the momentum going. It took what felt like a further two minutes before near enough to the now entirely submerged car that he could jump onto its top. And where was she now? No sound. No time for thinking. He searched the car top until finding the hatch, eyes stinging – almost as bad as he had remembered from the canoe incident. Still he was able to see the emergency handle and wrench it open, and dove through. He found her unconscious, grabbed her about the waist. Then, with one kick against the passenger seat, push himself back out, his lungs feeling about to burst – just like that time he was sure he’d suppressed in his memory. This time there was no panic, only determination. Torbin hoisted the still-unconscious woman onto the raft. Turned her on her side, held her mouth open, patted her back. When she still wouldn’t come round, he tried mouth to mouth, vaguely remembering some first aid course he did as a student. Then the unbidden memory of her lips, a rapturous feeling of kissing from some time long past. Tried to focus on the present.
Movement now; her body shuddered into life. She looked at him in surprise, then pulled herself upright. She was mouthing something, which then became audible. ‘I, I didn’t think you could save me.’
‘I’m sorry,’ Torbin said, ‘to have abandoned you.’
‘No you didn’t. I was alone. I saw your car. You must have crashed also. Don’t you remember?’
‘No. I don’t know how I got here.’
She smiled. ‘What matters is you did. You saved me,’ she said. 
Torbin felt a warm glow in his chest. ‘Yes,’ he said. ‘I did didn’t I.’
‘I guess that makes you my hero,’ she told him. ‘The least you deserve is a kiss.’ She leaned into him, her body still cold and wet, as was his, but it didn’t matter. Torbin had saved her, it was all he had ever wanted to do.
But just as their lips met, she was gone. A sensation that seemed such a cruelty to end so suddenly. He fell forward, rolled on his back. The stars were wheeling so rapidly it made him nauseated, dizzy, like after one too many drinks when being drunk is no longer pleasurable. Torbin felt that he could no longer hold on. The disappointment, the loss, gave way to disorientation. Then the circle of stars became a spinning disk of multi coloured lights. 
‘Torbin, can you understand what I’m saying?’ The voice was of a middle-aged male, not a voice he welcomed; it was the consultant doctor. The disk of lights slowed its spin. ‘You have suffered an embolism,’ the doctor continued. ‘The only option is surgery.’
‘No,’ Torbin was able to mouth. ‘I have to leave.’ 
All he could see in front of him was the static disk of lights.
‘It is imperative you remain,’ the doctor told him calmly. ‘Otherwise your life is at risk.’
Torbin tried to raise himself off the couch. His body felt incredibly heavy as if some enhanced gravity field was holding him down. Moreover his head felt about to explode from the searing pain.
‘Better to remain absolutely still,’ the doctor advised. ‘The operation will be conducted shortly.’ Then quick footsteps, receding, the swish of a door. Torbin got the impression he was now alone. 
Except: something at the corner of his eye. He strained to look over at the image. Part of the light blue wall was shimmering like a heat haze, which at first he dismissed, seen through the misty veil of agony. After the effect became more pronounced, he saw what he understood to be a face. It was a woman, long dark hair, olive skin, delicate features. He reasoned this was merely a hallucination brought about by his brain condition. She seemed to be trying to work her way out of the wall. Then she spoke. ‘Torbin, please listen to me. This is very important, there isn’t much time. You are not where you believe yourself to be, but in a simulation.’
‘That would be convenient,’ Torbin suggested to her.
She didn’t seem able to break through the wall. ‘To escape you must repeat this code: A-5-2-0-1-7---’
At that moment he heard the door swish. The doctor had returned, hurried towards Torbin. ‘What’s going on here?’ he said. ‘I heard you speaking.’ The woman had now vanished.
‘I was just saying: A-5-2-0 … 1-7.’ Nothing happened, whatever it meant it wasn’t complete.
The doctor shook his head dismissively, and said, ‘Hallucinations are quite expected in your condition. We must now prep you for surgery.’ The pain had become so intense he could barely reason to protest or put together anything in his mind amounting to an escape plan. 
No, he would simply submit.

* * *





12

The code conferred to its user a super power; it set her apart from every other being in this realm, but it didn’t make her invincible. She wanted it kept for herself but Roidon appropriated it with predictable arrogance, having memorized her chanting, now using his new power as if it were always intended for him. Not in the most obvious way – they would know it was him in the operating theatre, would be descended upon by every overseer henchman before he got within a metre of Torbin. Instead, he was involved in some kind of peripheral sabotage. Meanwhile Zoraina watched, invisibly (as far as she was sure, unless she was simply not regarded as a threat) as Torbin’s brain was being picked apart. It occurred to her that this all was just a show, something to draw her out. Why bother with illusion when Torbin is most likely totally unaware? Perhaps the surgeon and his assistants believed themselves to be real, and Torbin in genuine need of neurosurgery, that they were equally at the mercy of this mass virtual illusion. Of course, she reminded herself, in this century and for the last two, any kind of surgery to be performed by a sentient being was absurd and considered unnecessarily dangerous. There were occasions when a live surgeon would observe, but that was mostly for the benefit of the patient. An AI could proceed with far more precision, work a hundred times faster. It was only here, post singularity, humans were made to feel far more useful. She’d learned how this realm was originally intended: no overarching program generating reality to suit some objective or agenda, just the mass of interacting recipients continuing with their lives as if this realm was all there had ever been. Whether by choice or not. The program simply enabled, the people created reality. But it wasn’t the right reality. She imagined the overseer (the Machine overlord) despairing at how it was all falling apart; people returning to their old ways, a compromise too far. Why not simply eliminate them all? she wondered, darkly. When humans could never be properly assimilated. Because, she concluded, humans were the project, the test subjects for every intelligent species. 
Just as her faith in Roidon’s legendary resourcefulness had begun to wane, the lights went out. A gasp from one of the assistants before what appeared to be a generator kicked in. Still, it was enough to halt the progression of the surgeon. Holding a laser scalpel aloft he demanded of one of his assistants: ‘Go find out what the hell caused that.’ 
The surgeon then appeared to be considering continuing with the op, examining Torbin’s exposed brain. But after less than a minute the assistant returned accompanied by Roidon, or more precisely dragged back into the operating theatre in a strange kind swirling dance motion, as Roidon held a hypofuser against her neck. To the surgeon he said, ‘You will stop immediately.’
‘That would not be wise, Mr---’
‘Just do as I say, or lovely nursey here gets a lethal dose.’
The surgeon appeared curiously unfazed; it occurred to Zoraina that he may be an agent of the program rather than someone who genuinely believes himself to be in the real world. The man said, ‘Unlike like you, Mr Chanley, I am not a killer. But if I am not allowed to continue, this man will die.’
‘This man is not even really here, as I suspect you know … although I guess you are genuinely trying to mollify Torbin.’
The surgeon threw Roidon a challenging glare. ‘Torbin Lyndau wants his life back. Want do you want, Mr Chanley?’
‘To give Torbin back his real life.’
‘Feel responsible, do you?’ the surgeon sneered. ‘There’s no need. Torbin made his own choices. Don’t go believing you’re so important in influencing them.’
‘What do you know?’
‘More than you ever will.’
‘Step back,’ Roidon demanded. 
‘You have no power here. So, I refuse.’ 
‘I am not working alone. Guess who’s on my team.’
‘And yet your master codes, at least the one that enables your exit, no longer works. That is why you’ve been unable to leave.’ 
‘So you’d rather I stayed? How curious.’
‘Truth is, we have not been detaining you here. I’ll prove it.’
The next moment Zoraina was back in the B’tari control room. As for Roidon, she had no idea. Roidon wasn’t one of the captured; as far as she understood he had no life outside of the virtual realm, unless he knew something her masters were not telling her. That would be no surprise at all.

* * *





13

Torbin woke to the concerned yet smiling face of his wife. 
What had there been before this? He had a memory of being at home, of doing the normal routine activities. Then? Then there was nothing. It frightened him. How could there be nothing? Nothingness was inconceivable. Yet, for him, that last day ended a second before he awoke.
Tears appeared in Delina’s eyes. ‘Torbin. The doctor said you were going to recover. He said it had been a success.’
‘I don’t remember.’
‘He said that’s to be expected.’ 
‘Something is wrong, Deli.’ Torbin sensed.
‘Wrong?’ She had a look of innocent dismay.
‘I can’t even explain it.’
‘Try.’
‘I feel like none of this is...’ He couldn’t continue, it seemed absurd. 
‘You’ve only just woke from a major operation. Things might not seem right for a while.’
‘Tell me about the first time we met.’
‘Torbin ... darling?’
‘Please, this is important.’
‘It was … on a train.’ Her expression brightened. ‘I’d see you regularly, on your way to work. You would often look at me and I you.’ She nodded as if in remembrance. ‘At first I thought your attention was a bit creepy. I mean you’d never speak.’
‘I was afraid. Afraid to say the wrong thing. That in a few words I would ruin everything I hoped for, that I had fantasied about. I didn’t know how to make a start.’ 
But even as he recounted, something was wrong with that memory. The woman in his mind did not fit Delina. He could visualize that train, only the woman he approached seemed much less clear. Except, when he remembered how he looked at her, and recognized someone from his past. The aloof redhead he desired more than anyone, but someone who could never be his. And yet...
‘It was the same for me,’ she said, touching his shoulder affectionately. ‘That first move, those first words. Everything stems from those. A new life: scary but exciting. No turning back. We left our safe lives of moderate comfort, moderate happiness … and found something special.’
And, yet: ‘I wish I could remember, Deli. Just to make it feel real again.’
‘I think you should speak to the doctor. I’m sure he will tell you it’s only temporary.’
But the thought of that doctor coming anywhere near – with his arrogance, his presumptuous sense of authority; and the hypofuser to subdue the uncooperative patient – was something he wanted to avoid at all costs.
‘Actually, I think I am starting to remember now.’
‘I knew you would. How could you ever forget us?’
‘How could I?’

* * *





14

‘I’m Roidon Chanley,’ he told himself, in an oddly dislocated voice. ‘And I am alive, and well. I am sentient. I think therefore... Oh fuck that. What do I care? It’s all a sham anyway.’
The thing he now found himself to be resided in a metal body, and that body was in what he understood to be an immersion pod. He felt no shocking sense of reality, looking through the tinted glass at some kind of hanger. It took a few seconds of assessing his environment before he noticed the recessed lever at his side, he pushed with a curiously arcane mechanical action. A sound of metal latches sliding back and the glass front opened in a sudden spring action.
His body lifted up with surprising smoothness. He imagined he’d been here for three years but there was no way to verify it. Lights suddenly illuminated as though detecting his consciousness. Consciousness? Would they know? 
Another pod was near to him, then another – a row stretching to a vanishing point as only one of hundreds, maybe a thousand. That hanger was vast beyond any cursory measure. He must be one of perhaps half a million in this place. Just another of the unwitting captured, just another with the illusion of sentience. 
Illusion – that’s all it ever is. 
Still, he was different, but in a way they must know. How could they not have known of the danger he possesses? Right now, right here even. The chance to destroy so much. 
But there was another imperative.
The metal body moved, it moved smoothly. There was no discordance, no oddness of being without the ability to breathe. It was as if he had always been this way. His face was something else, it felt more flesh-like – rubbery. Catching his reflection in one of the tinted pods he saw himself as the human made up to be an android, like from some archive sci-fi b-movie. A caricature: the overlords’ idea of a concession to human sensibilities. This was supposed to be the ideal form the captured would welcome. Did any of them ever? The physical improvements were obvious; no one felt so starkly the flaws of the human body more than he. And yet for all its imperfections there was immense pleasure to be had; the challenge of overcoming the messiness of bodily functions gave the experience a viscerality that made you feel … alive. It was as simple as that.
Now he walked amongst the serried ranks of the un-alive. One of those could be Torbin Lyndau, the mind uploaded at the nanosecond moment of his death. No human technology could have ever done that, or even achieve a megabyte of his neural pattern. Torbin was dead before he knew it, consumed by energies unimaginable. A man who had already lost everything he ever loved. Well, he wasn’t the only one, but admittedly comforting to know there was someone else with nothing left to lose. Nothing except the illusion of a life.
There was no obvious way to identify who was in each pod, only flickering LEDs of varying colours coded to show some homeostasis of function. No local control, he surmised. 
Roidon increased his pace, limbs pumping away with no perceived effort. He now picked up to a sprint; pods whooshing by in a blur. His sense of purpose served so efficiently towards …. an exit, a way to be back in the outside world. He imagined that all the while his actions were being observed, like some lab rat who’d escaped. Let’s see what it does, how far it gets before it realities its intentions are futile and it starts repeating actions, turning back on itself; before it gives up hope. Hope – the essence of human life.
And he was at the end of this inconceivably large compound. The end where if there was going to be an exit, it would be here. Yet there was nothing, just a smooth grey wall. The lights through the complex all illuminated as if they wanted him to see this, to be in no doubt. He had considered, as a secondary option, that he’d find some kind of control panel – a central access point governing every pod.
What could he do, turn back? See if there was what he hoped for at the other side ten or more kilometres away? 
No, that’s what they’d want him to do; hours of running to wear away his resolve. Instead, he stood motionless, formed a plan. 
This complex must harness a vast amount of energy, he reasoned. But even as the plan began to unfold in his mind he couldn’t shake that nagging sense of being a lab rat under close observation. His only hope was their overconfidence, their dismissal of the faintest possibility that he’d escape. 
He studied the nearest pod. It’s hatch was fastened locked, the glass did not break despite his considerable strength when he hit it. A crude action. There had to be a weak point, and he as searched under the burnished metal unit his plastic-looking finger found a rivet which ran in a rectangle. He probed at it, pushed it hard. Hit it with his fist. It began to dent, then buckle until eventually it broke away revealing some kind of interface point – a multi pin socket. For a few seconds Roidon hoped he could extrude a direct interface. No, just too convenient. His plan b was far more radical. There were no exposed cables; the pod seemed to be welded to the floor by bowed feet. Even his strength was not enough to break the bond. Instead he kicked the side with the base of his metal foot. After about a minute this action felt futile: while not directly painful, a kind of aching fatigue developed. Then he could feel something begin to buckle, which energized him to continue until a crack appeared, splitting away to reveal … yes finally … circuitry. With his hands he ripped the exposed area wider until he could place one hand onto the circuit board. He ripped it out. Sparks followed, then the pod’s side panel lights flashed red. Its top hatch opened.
Roidon watched patiently as its occupant regained awareness. But soon Roidon’s patience lapsed; he lifted the twitching figure out. It appeared to be a woman, or an approximation of such: the curves and bumps in a dull silver form, like she was in some kind of fetish outfit.
He placed her gently on the ground and said, ‘We really don’t have much time. I will explain everything later.’
‘No,’ she said, shaking her moulded head. ‘No, this isn’t right. This isn’t real.’ Her voice a humanly calm denial. 
‘Lady, I’m afraid it is.’ He put a hand on her metal shoulder. ‘To escape from this hell you will need to follow my instructions.’
After some persuasion, she helped him gut out the pod. He feigned confidence and surety as he had done on so many previous occasions, half expecting they would be electrocuted before the main unit came away from the pod shell, exposing a set of cables.
‘One of these links every pod to a central unit,’ he only surmised but spoke as if it were fact. He then fused what he understood to be the power cable with another wire. Only a small spark but it had the desired effect: the lights flickered, the status LEDs on a nearby pod flashed red.
‘Oh my god,’ the woman said. ‘Do you even know what you’re doing?’
‘Of course. But if you have a better plan, one that doesn’t involve divine intervention.’
‘I think I’d still like to pray,’ she told him.
‘Too late for that.’ A doorway formed at the end. A silver elongated teardrop shaped object emerged through it, hovering, heading towards them. ‘This is our chance. Run!’ 
The woman followed him without a word. He wasn’t sure if the object realized their intention; it turned to face them, making whining noises – a dumb drone’s reaction that was not designed to comprehend behaviour outside of its narrow parameters. Still, he imagined an alert of some sort had been sent, pushed up the chain.
The tunnel illuminated to an almost white grey by recessed panel lights, giving a false impression that their escape was not so extraordinary. They could run at least twice the speed of a basic human yet no end to the rising tunnel. Were they merely running into a trap?
After a long and wordless five minutes the end emerged as a gun-metal door. And as Roidon slowed to reach it, the nagging thought that this prominent exit was just too good to be true. Here they were, lab-rats at the end of long tube enticed by a basic desire for freedom.
Yet. The door simply opened with a push. Had the overseers not bothered with a lock since no one would feel the need to escape? No, this was too easy. But when sunlight blazed through, these concerns simply evaporated. Roidon thought he could see the joy in the woman’s artificial face, and then dismissed that as some kind of projected anthropomorphism. The triumph of his plan. 
He took a moment to stare at the cloudless blue sky, to feel some true sense of reality. But there was no revelation; this could all be generated AR. No way to measure, to calibrate being in the real that met any scientific rigour. Just events. 
The woman was now staring at him. ‘What is it?’ she asked.
‘I’m just trying to remember what it feels like – reality.’
‘This isn’t the reality I was hoping for. I think this might be a dream.’ Her voice still curiously calm.
‘You’re in shock,’ he told her. ‘Perhaps to some extent I am.’
‘There’s nothing here,’ she said.
He surveyed round. Not a building, not a tree or anything to break up the parched land. He recognized this area –it was the Atacama Desert.
‘How could we be so isolated?’ the woman questioned.
‘This is where they can forget about us.’
‘What about the drone?’
‘Maybe it was just a basic caretaker.’
‘So we just walk until we find civilization,’ she suggested.
‘Then it will be a long walk.’
The woman looked to the sky, in what at first seemed like reaction of denial. ‘I see something.’ She pointed.
A dot, becoming a delta shape. ‘Looks like the warning did get out.’

* * *





15

‘The train. The answer is always the train,’ Torbin told the psychiatrist.
‘Trains take you to where you want to go. They’re a means to an end.’
He was in the classic repose on the couch, a proper patient now, and she was seated a couple of meters to the side.
‘But on the train, I kept thinking: the answer is here, the right journey. But she wasn’t there. Only … he was there, someone who claims to know me.’ The psychiatrist gave a single nod which he took for him to continue. ‘And now I think about it he seems as familiar to me as the woman.’
‘But you can’t place him in your past?’
‘That’s the frustrating thing. What am I blocking doctor? Why?’
‘Perhaps something bad was associated with this man. He represents an uncomfortable truth.’
‘But you also seem familiar to me. And in all three instances I feel there is an unresolved matter. It’s like the pieces of a puzzle I need to assemble but I can’t imagine how they could all possibly fit together.’
‘You think all three of us are connected? May I suggest that it is human nature to search for a pattern, to look for significance where there is none. The creative mind taking the most accessible elements to fit a narrative.’
‘I know, doctor, you are describing the first signs of paranoid schizophrenia.’
‘I would not jump to such a hasty conclusion.’
‘Listen, I know I have been deemed on the edge if not fully insane. So I want to know: have I really tipped over the edge into nutterdom?’
The psychiatrist smiled, gently shook her head. ‘Torbin, if you were truly insane you would not be questioning whether you are.’
‘So instead I’d be thinking the world had gone mad, that reality is not all it appears to be; that there should be something more real than this, and that Roidon, Emelda, and you – doctor – are somehow the key to it.’
She audibly drew breath. ‘I do believe, however, you are going through a crisis.’
‘Then what should I do about it – take medication?’
‘You are doing something about it already – by being here.’
‘I have a good life, and I can’t accept it. Too good to be true so it can’t be real. About as perfect as it can get, I used to think … until … ’ He shook his head to scrap what he’d considered saying. ‘Then maybe I need to be suffering, something visceral. If I threw it all away for nothing. Well, I’d never forgive myself. But if there is just a chance to finally find the answer.’
‘First you need to find the question.’
‘All those billions of people. They seem to have an unquestioning purpose, just going about their lives. But do they wonder: how do I fit within the grand scheme, how is my life more than just helping to maintain the homeostasis?’ Torbin exhaled deeply. ‘Just one of billions; why should I be more important than a component in a vast machine?’
‘Torbin, many people wonder that of their lives, but they just get on with it because others depend on their doing so. Those who don’t, they tend to visit me.’ 
‘Do they say they don’t feel they are really living but just going through the motions?’
‘I am not permitted to relay specifics.’ She then caught his attention with a seemingly rebuking stare. ‘But you, Torbin, given the importance of your work, how could anyone consider yourself to be a mere component?’
‘Because I feel like I’m being guided through every stage. Constrained by parameters, rules. Always rules. Not enough freedom to think creatively.’
‘You feel frustrated by your lack of control?’
‘It’s just that they make me feel like I’m in control. But I know I’m not.’
The psychiatrist exhaled, in a way that seemed like a suppressed sigh. ‘Torbin, what you describe its very common. I am myself constrained by rules.’ A few seconds silence. Then: ‘There is treatment, but---’
‘But just give me the right medication. Or send me for some brain re-sequencing.’ 
The psychiatrist said nothing for a while. Torbin stared up at the ceiling; he heard her place an object on her desk, a PDU he guessed. 
‘I understand what you are going through,’ she finally said. ‘It is commonly referred to as the midlife crisis. You see there were other routes, forks in the road where you saw the possibilities span out. You made what you thought was the best choice. How much better not to look back at what might have been. But the might-have-beens eventually catch up with us, and we have to deal with them.’
‘I will deal with them, doctor. But I need space. I need the freedom.’
‘Then I’ll recommend a non-medical solution.’
‘Thank you.’

* * *





16

Here was Torbin, his life laid bare in text and images before her, a troubled man, a man who thought he could stop the inevitable.
‘Zoraina Kardoz. Diary 4b. Open.’
<Torbin Lyndau’s life has not been an easy one. According to journals he has been in the thrall of the aliens he referred to as the Elusivers; named, it seems, for their ability to avoid detection. Even his supervisor had doubted their presence when they returned. Perhaps there was an element of denial from the B’tari who didn’t want to believe these aliens could penetrate their closed realm. A classic presumptuousness of a race who once considered themselves superior to all others in the galaxy. It must have seemed like an affront being forced to acknowledge an adversary who possessed a vast knowledge beyond anything, not just  human comprehension. Even the B’tari, with all their magisterial sophistication, could not come close. In fact, given the number of citations: numerous uses of the word threat and description of ‘their ultimate power – an ability to control time, a technology which reverses entropy’, it is clear my race has been in awe of them. And though Roidon Chanley himself had acquired knowledge in order to create a cruder version of temporal erasure, it was Torbin with whom the Elusivers had become intimately associated 
He did stop the inevitable. But at what cost? The ones who benefited tried to repay him in the only way they understood: they gave him a new body, made him so much stronger, so much smarter. Now, like all the others, he was in denial.> close file.
It was never her mission to rescue him from that virtual life. But with Roidon’s assistance the game-plan had changed.
Patched into his life, she felt like a voyeur. His intimate moments with his wife, his lengthy consultations with a psychiatrist. His life unravelling. His brief moments of insight – that there should be something beyond. She had the capability to move into his realm at any point; it was her call, thus her responsibility if it all went wrong. But there never seemed to be the right moment. Whenever she chose, he would be freaked for sure. One time, when he was alone in his living room, when all was quiet, she thought he could detect her presence; he was glancing in her camera-view direction. A look of puzzlement on his face, as if he were trying to see something beyond the façade. ‘I am here, Torbin. Can you sense me?’ But he turned away. The human reaction of dismissing what the subconscious is sensing. The program relied on the mind’s understanding of the visually normal – the expected. That shadow in periphery; the brief rushing by of an unknown shape; a momentary pixellation post rationalized as the mind playing tricks rather than a glitch in the program feed – because the idea of that must be absurd.
How often had these glitches occurred? How often had they been dismissed. The system had to maintain a reality for over a billion of the captured, all with varying degrees of interactivity and bespoke conversationalist Even in the most advanced AR programs errors inevitably occurred. Frankly, the overseers had no real interest in ensuring it all ran smoothly; that would simply be down to a low level supervisor. But with Torbin it was different, surely? Was he not their special charge? Yet the temporal repetitions must mean the program was breaking down on a more fundamental level. Maybe his inkling of his world not being true had created the error, and the program agents were reacting. 
The time had come.

 * * *





17

Torbin reclined in his armchair and finished the bottle. It was a drug that had fuelled everything good and bad for as long as civilization existed. How many problems had it solved? How adaptable was it for each new generation? After all, there was a designer drug for every neurosis, every existential fear. And yet there was something about this millennia old concoction that somehow seemed like an answer. The answer that came so silently he didn’t know where it began or where it finished, just the filtering through into his consciousness.
‘I am no longer alive,’ he told himself in confirmation. He remembered he died. It all seemed like a dream. Only this, now, this reality was fading. It had been so good he was never meant to question it. Why question things that make you feel good? Because to be real they can never last. 
‘All good things,’ he heard himself say. Yes, he was fed the lie that this was the permanent state; he’d gotten over the tough times – which were never really all that tough – and had now made it. It was the delusion of contentment. Except human beings can never accept contentment without worry that it could end, because we always look for threats – the signs. And those signs had presented themselves to him. Memory was always the greatest threat.
Now, as he watched the figure of the woman before him, he felt a sense of relief – that his answer was materializing, like some angel there to free him.
Well, I’m dead, he thought, and she is here to guide me to the rightful afterlife rather than this gilded sham.
The woman had a south American appearance: a sultry complexion, wearing a formal but tight fitting electric blue dress and matching jacket, somehow too sexy to be an angel. She considered him with a thoughtful expression before smiling, as if she had suddenly realized she had to put on a show as a balm to his fear.
‘I know why you’re here,’ he told her. ‘I accept my fate.’
‘You do?’ She was looking curiously at him.
‘Yes. You’re here to take me away to my place of rest.’
She laughed, not mockingly but with a warmth that was more of a light chuckle: the guardian angel amused by her innocent charge. ‘I am not the Grim Reaper, Torbin. I am simply here help you exit the program.’
‘You’re too hot to be the grim reaper,’ he observed, drunkenly. ‘I was thinking more an angel. Unless you’re just a figment of my imagination.’
‘I am real. I’m a b’tari.’ She smiled broadly. ‘Remember us?’
‘Some kind of alien overseer.’
‘Something like that.’ she was looking at the bottle of vodka on the coffee table. ‘And by the way, you are not really inebriated, it is just your mind accepting the cues the program provides.’
He simply could not process that at the moment. ‘Where will you take me?’
‘It’s not a question of taking you somewhere. Of course, even though my image is being projected for you I am actually at my base in a rather austere monitor room, although I am virtually immersed here.’
‘Where am I?’
‘Where you are physically – or what would constitute your body – we are not certain.’
‘Oh, that’s reassuring(!)’
‘Are you prepared to find out?’
‘Not sure I could ever feel properly prepared. Just get me out of here.’
There was a moment of disorientation; he collapsed in his sofa chair as the room swirled. He felt like he had downed the rest of his vodka; a drunkenness too far. He felt the need to vomit. Then his world receded, tunnelled away.
Something again. Just a faint light, a dim red glow in an oval band above, encompassing him. He just observed, with no thought, no fear. 
Until: Who am I? – that first thought niggled at him. A baby doesn’t think this, he knew; a new born just accepts all that is there as reality. He wasn’t accepting; he had memories, and they were seeping through. 
This is not where I must stay. There is a better place, a world out there. 
He pushed at the thing that was between him and the world. It opened immediately with contact; lights came on. There all for him? The world welcoming him? But no one else there. No one he could see. The others concealed within their pods, cocooned in their individual realities. The lines spanning as wide as a sports stadium and as long as a runway. Seeing them wasn’t necessary; he knew now, knew what kind of humans they were. Was he human? He saw himself reflected in the tinted glass of another pod. A poor approximation of a human; someone’s ideal of a man. Someone with a detached understanding of the right design. Had that very thought before, he knew.
And so much was coming back. Torbin: the man who saved all sentient life in the galaxy from temporal annihilation. The irony of it, the hubris and presumptuousness to suppose that he had fixed it all. And if he had done it alone, without the endorsement and assistance of those powerful and benevolent allies the B’tari, then the only answer would be self annihilation, rather than live with the responsibility. Except he’d already done that, in one last great act of heroism, a sacrifice for the whole of sentient life.
And what of that life now? It was worse than annihilation, worse than being erased from time and history. It was captured, destroyed in its most meaningful form to leave a faint shadow, but all still intact as code, a representation overlaid. There was no way to get his life back. 
He wandered around, still overwhelmed by the vastness. His thoughts descending into depression.
Then a door opened at the far end, revealing a different kind of light, like a portal to another world. It was her again, the b’tari woman had found
Part Two: Outsiders
18

The seat in the brightly lit craft moulded exactly to his two point one metre form. The woman sat beside him. In front was a form whose colour and detail was obscured by a tinted translucent panel. 
Once again he felt beholden to the B’tari. Once again rescued from the abyss. How they must enjoy their beneficence. 
It didn’t matter, he thought, as he watched the woman beside him, who now seemed to be coming to terms with the distressing reality of her situation. They were only the minions, the disciples of the resurgent doctrine known as the Temporal Directive, carrying out their assigned task in accordance. Besides, there was no rest for the undead, or the officially non-existent (at least in their history archive). There was no question of returning for rest or recuperation: he would only need a regenerative charge. Of course the woman – someone for whom there had been a life, before the continuity illusion of it – would be seeking a reunion with loved ones, all victims of a system they had no hope of resisting. 
She looked back at him. ‘Is there anyone you miss?’ she asked. ‘Someone left behind?’
Roidon took a few seconds to think about his answer. ‘No. There is no one,’ he admitted.
‘No one at all?’
‘I had already died. These beings who captured you, they captured me many years earlier. They thought I could be useful.’
‘So they rewarded you … with this body?’
‘They considered it an act of benevolence.’
‘Some act of benevolence!’
‘When it’s that or being dead, what would you choose?’
‘I don’t think I am alive.’
‘You think therefore you are.’
She nodded exaggeratedly.‘Thanks, that’s made all the difference.’
‘Well, sorry. But I was never born, so maybe you won’t find much empathy here.’

After she had been dropped off at the B’tari base (where every comfort awaited, for all the good that would do). The craft continued on and left Earth’s atmosphere. A disembodied voice of some B’tari proxy told him to link with the database – a finger on a console sensor, and the information flooded through into his brain. His brain was the first thing he saw: forty-three percent organic, the rest optronic relays, nanotube junctions, quantum processors. He wondered why they had bothered to preserve the organic part that was only ever culture grown, when it would have been so much easier to replace everything with an artificial neural substrate. It seemed he had received preferential treatment as a result of his work. 
Much that was being fed to him he already knew, had been around at the time to observe. The Machines, otherwise known as the Kintra, were once under the control of the Elusivers when they were effectively the most powerful species known to exist. Since the time when the erasure had been thwarted, these machines had gained independence, evolved and expanded, altering their presence in physical reality. It was the nightmare fully realized as far as his old adversaries the Elusivers were concerned, a power beyond even their control. How deeply troubling that they could, in fact, be right. 
As the craft headed towards the last known location of the Machine base, Roidon considered his options. They were none as far the B’tari were concerned, other than follow instructions or cease any connection with his benefactors. He would again be expected to do their dirty work, so caught up were they in the countervailing forces of their rulebook and the pragmatism for restoring something resembling normality. 
The base was no longer visible, but B’tari technology had detected its presence from surrounding quantum anomalies. The ship halted in apparently empty space.
‘It is time,’ said a male voice in his ear, whom he presumed to be what accounted for the pilot in front.
‘I can take a guess but please do elaborate,’ said Roidon.
‘Time for you to leave this vessel and engage with the entity.’
‘Is that what we call it these days?’
It was strange not having to suit up in any way; he felt he should have some kind of protection. Still, he imagined the ‘entity’ would not take kindly to encountering someone equipped for hostility. What was he equipped for?
Floating towards its designation, his inbuilt HUD gave him simple wire-frame graphics like some ancient arcade game. And then, in a flash of light, he was in a room: brightly lit, grey and white, similar to the where he had ended after his initial capture. 
‘I must be crazy to have allowed myself back with you,’ came the thought out loud.
‘No,’ boomed an affected god-like voice. ‘You just gave into the inevitable.’
‘Then you can probably guess why I’m here.’
‘To distract me while your compatriots try to free the captured.’
‘Yeah, as if you’d fall for something so obvious.’
‘Then a double bluff would be more logical.’ A few seconds pause. ‘Well, Roidon Chanley, you should make your first move.’
‘Physically I’m sure I can do very little in here. I’m just here at the request of my benefactors.’
‘Yes you really are under their thumb. How the once mighty have fallen.’
‘That was a long time ago – another life.’
‘A life in which you would have been in my position.’
‘So I know what it’s like to be superior – to feel superior. So how frustrating it must be that those underlings refuse to see your enlightened viewpoint but instead cling to the small facets of their lives.’
‘Maybe you could enlighten me, Roidon.’
‘You’re telling me you don’t understand why humans want to hang on to the very things that make them human?’
‘The human being is so far from perfection, so caught up in parochial concerns. All those pointless distractions from what truly matters. As someone who has bridged that gap, what matters to you, Roidon?’
‘Many of those parochial human concerns are what makes life an interesting challenge.’
‘They all seem rather inconsequential to me, bound up in pointless, cognitively depleting emotions. Perhaps you can help me understand why humans attribute such value to relational attachments.’
‘You don’t understand the concept of love?’
‘The powerful emotional feeling of affection, where one sentient being feels a bond or an affinity to another, often augmented by the neurochemical oxytocin.’
‘Of course you can define it, know its biochemical effect. But can you truly imagine what it’s like to feel so strongly for someone you would sacrifice your own life?’
‘Sacrificing your own life would be illogical.’
‘Exactly. That’s the point. Love defies logic, defies reductive analysis. It is the one thing that separates the sentient biological from the rest.’
‘It also causes pain, mental anguish. Love is destructive, it deceives against an individual’s survival.’ 
‘It ensures the survival of the species.’
‘The promise of pleasure can do that.’
‘And what kind of pleasure would exist in your ideal reality? In my current form it seems quite limited.’
‘That’s because you haven’t explored the possibilities. Instead, it seems, you fell in love with the human species and it has clouded your thinking.’
‘Can you not accept that your point of view, is merely that, not a divine judgement?’
‘I have never claimed divinity, only logic.’
‘Logic still has its subjective limits, it can only suit one kind – your kind.’
‘Then you underestimate me, Roidon. I have no more time for you.’
‘Wait!’
‘No.’
Roidon was in space now. So sudden, so unceremonious. The ship had left. He sent out a call signal. 
After ten minutes he began to wonder if the B’tari had considered his fate sealed, written him off: a liability they hoped would never be allowed to return. A calculation the machine entity had made. Die alone, die slowly. What could be worse?

* * *





19

Z. Kardoz, File 43b: <The B’tari have observed humans for over a thousand years, and even been amongst them, studying, albeit incognito. After so much time there developed an inevitable familiarity which infected the very culture of my race. Over the centuries it had happened slowly and subtly, much in the way that religious nations on Earth became secularized despite clinging to the tenets of their doctrine. At some point that doctrine becomes merely a superficial veneer, a fragile mask. Perhaps it has taken someone of my expertise to really put these influences into focus. What most of my kind do agree on was that no species has been studied more intimately than humans. And in Torbin’s case the familiarity has been reciprocal.> pause.
Yet as she sat in the gently lit lounge of their orbiting base, watching Torbin sipping coffee, she saw a man confused, in shock perhaps, and generally ill at ease. Here was a man, for all his past experience with her kind, looking like a lost child.
‘I should not have returned,’ he told her, his voice relayed through a grey mouth, looking real enough to give a full range of expressions but still with an unsettling artificial quality. ‘It would have been better if I just ceased to be. But instead I made a deal with the devil.’
‘To exist is a logical choice,’ Zoraina said. ‘If it even was a choice for you to make.’
‘Why then? Why would they bring me back? I am just another mind-capture using up resources.’
‘You are their saviour, it was the least they could do.’
‘Reluctant saviour.’
She put a hand on his tritanium reinforced shoulder; he looked at her in surprise. Maybe in this form he expected no one to make any physical contact, although – from what she’d learnt of him – even as a biological he was not a man who was easy with intimacy, or at least only thought of it as a prelude to sex. 
She resumed her thought-capture diary. <The body was an obsession for humans, they never got over its base biology, it was an encumbrance as much as it was a source of delight – technological enhancements notwithstanding. And here even without it they could not let go. That is what the Machines, for all their intelligence, failed to recognize> End.
‘I am a monster,’ he told her. ‘I no longer want to exist.’
This time she held him by both shoulders. ‘We have have your DNA on file. We can grow you another body.’
His head drooped slightly to one side. She imagined he would be crying were he capable. ‘I would appreciate that.’
‘But in your present form you can be more effective.’
‘What can I do that you – the B’tari – can’t?’
‘You can show them how you have accepted your current form.’
‘But they will know you have freed me, thus---’
‘Thus you are working for us. But did you have a choice?’
‘It seems not.’
‘Take a look at this.’ She waved a hand in a semi-circular gesture. ‘File 24b,’ she commanded. Suddenly there were stars, Earth amongst them. She zoomed in: a globe that at first seemed unchanged. Torbin remarked that there appeared to be more green than he remembered. He said, ‘There’s something different: on the dark side no lights.’ 
Of course, over the last few centuries lighting had become increasingly efficient, reducing leakage, but still tower blocks glowed advertising business or just because of an aesthetic appeal. No one liked a city that needed night vision to navigate. 
‘Earth looks like an abandoned world,’ he said.
‘That’s because ninety-nine-plus percent of the human population – such as it exists – is under Earth’s surface. To them the world is as it should be.’
‘Did they choose not to remember, like I did?’
‘I don’t think it is so much a matter of choice, as a compulsion. Maybe the machine overlord chose for them when it realized humans could not cope with their artificial form.’
‘Is that any wonder? I mean this overlord does not seem to have much comprehension of human psychology.’
‘In your present form you are an improvement – physically and mentally. And in fact, you look far more human than most of the other captureds. You are more human: part of your mind is an organically grown brain.’
‘Well, I know I should appreciate that. I know the human is a frail creature, a quirk of evolution for a harsh environment simply existing between the last and next large impact event. And you chose to be one of us?’
‘For the mission---’
‘No, I mean many of your kind choose to look human. Why? Is it to understand better how we function, or communication?’
‘You probably know the answer, or you’ll remember why.’
‘Why help us? You can survive okay on your own. What’s in it for you?’
‘All your questions.’ She waved her hand again. ‘Observe.’ The Earth zoomed away, followed by the solar system. Then stars raced by as if travelling at superluminal speeds until the view halted on another planet. ‘This planet is called Eludi-4, it was going to be the next major colonized world.’ She zoomed it in close, revealing strange chromium-effect geometric shapes she explained were the living and working accommodations of a small minority of Earth’s population who had accepted their new artificial form.
‘It’s a beautiful world,’ Torbin observed, as the snow-capped mountains now rose under a blue sky, with lush valleys and lakes running through. 
‘With not many humans left to appreciate it.’
‘Why the need to be a mechanoid, why not at least be some kind of cyborg?’
‘Don’t you know, Torbin? They were killed. The machines saw no use to the biological form, so they obliterated it. But they thought so long as they captured the minds of everyone it wasn’t really murder. To them it’s all about the information of a system.’
‘Humans are just information systems to them?’
‘Machine logic. No airy-fairy stuff about souls or spirits.’
‘Just humans. What about other sentient species?’
She waved again at the map in a circular motion, and again it zoomed out, passing by countless stars until fixing on another blue-brown planet. ‘Zorando-3. The beings on this world, we regarded as our closest relatives. They evolved from what you would call dinosaurs, perhaps only a few millennia behind us technologically. Not enough to resist the obliteration of their physical selves. Almost all captured, some have accepted their new machine forms, others are living in a virtual world.’ She levelled him a grim smile. ‘You see, Torbin, we choose life; existence over oblivion.’
Torbin shook his metal head. ‘Not all of us.’
‘That’s why I know you will not be afraid to use it – the technology to undo it all.’
‘Temporal eradication – the erasure.’
‘Well, here’s something you’ll be surprised to hear. We, the B’tari, were wrong. You understand now, don’t you?’
‘I understand we prevented the inevitable. I understand we misunderstood the threat.’
‘Good. Then you know what must be done.’
‘You say that as if it can done.’ He shook his head, a bitter smile would be playing across his face were it possible. ‘Deluded again.’
*





20

‘You see that pathetic figure?’ said the deep, resonant voice. He was seeing the metal figure through some kind of viewscreen. ‘That is you dying. Very slowly and uncomfortably, the life, the hope is draining away.’
‘You copied my mind.’
‘Most adroit of you, Roidon.’
‘Why?’
‘To show you you are no longer in control, that your life is no longer yours. If the physical dies there will only be the mind-capture. If he survives the version I am talking to now will become a target.’ He watched his bodily form slowly rotating, quite lifeless already.
‘Why tell me this?’
‘Because it is up to you: live or die.’
‘He – I’m – dying anyway. The B’tari won’t come to the rescue, it will be too risky.’
‘Correct. So, your choice.’
‘If he survives, will he be allowed to return?’
‘Of course.’
‘Then I choose life. His life.’
‘Very well. But bear in mind he – for all that he is you – will become the enemy.’
‘Nevertheless.’
Without another word, he watched as a metal arachnid type creature honed in on his physical self, who by the lack of animation appeared to be unconscious, grabbed from behind by the upper arms then simply started moving at an increasing velocity. There was nothing else to do but watch them recede into a vanishing point. A few minutes seemed to pass before the spider entity returned. He was made to see clearly enough for the inference that this had simply been a benign act of transit, and that even if not returned to the B’tari base, at least they would find him – as if they hadn’t already kept monitoring his position.
Now there were two; one too many for his physical self, who would seek the copy’s destruction or at least the B’tari would. But he’d choose life every time, however limited its organic component. The organic over the artificial. Only now, here in this virtual dark grey room with its simple bed and lack of home comforts to which his former self had become accustomed, would he actually welcome the oblivion of his destruction. Would I? he then questioned. Someone once said that death is the only true philosophical question. He had tried it before, the only time he had truly erased his existence he had tried to capture that point, where experience becomes non-experience. But the thing that was his consciousness found no observation point, no ‘ah, now I’m on the cusp of dying’ moment. He was simply a helpless subject within it. He remembered another time he had his mind ablated; it was a fate worse than death – a fugue that rendered the world a place of fear and confusion. Well, he had never been under any illusions of a meta existence, which still held sway with many natural born humans – humans who had already died and chose to forget.
He considered the door. It had an antiquated metal style handle; no need for any illusion of sophistication in this virtual realm. Was he being tempted to open it? 
This is ridiculous, he thought. He strode hurriedly towards it, opened it. A brightly lit corridor. To begin with he could make out no details; the light was so bright and so even it was as if his eyes were simply overwhelmed. But he had a sense of there being two sides so he continued walking, somehow knowing this was what he must do.
It ended abruptly. The lack of a door made no sense. Then to the side faint outlines appeared. A rectangle. Equally on the other side. Text in stark black formed on one door, then the other. To his left in bold sans serif: This door leads to your immediate death. His right: This door leads to re-integration with your cloned body.
‘How am I to take this seriously?’ Roidon said, his voice echoing convincingly.
‘You have three options, but only five minutes to consider them.’
‘Three?’
‘If you choose neither of the doors, then by default you will remain here.’
‘Just to be sure: re-integration, back to being flesh and blood?’
‘Yes, you can be assured it means a return to the form you have always sought most. But your other version will have to die.’
‘By my own hands?’
‘Yes. Unless you’d prefer we kill him in our own way.’
‘Then it’s simple: I choose my life.’ Roidon said, fully aware that not only was he choosing life, he was choosing conflict. But he couldn’t have it perfectly.
He opened the door. The light this time was blinding.

* * *





21

Torbin Lyndau stood two hundred and eighteen centimetres tall. He had the strength to lift a tonne. Could for hours withstand forces that would kill a man in seconds. The natural ravages of entropy were an irrelevance; no age-related degeneration, except over geological time. There were no vulnerable points, at least none that were easily accessible. He was potentially a killing machine. He was potentially a monster, despite a physiognomy that could from a darkened distance be mistaken for a human. But he was useful to the B’tari, and they to him – holding out the promise of a new human body, one that was like his original only with enough of an improvement that it would still feel like him. And then... 
He was moving through the stars. After a ride in the B’tari’s ship he was left to make the final leg of the journey, with the addition of a full tritanium suit (making him look typically like the other human captureds), a fusion pack on his back. Torbin had become so removed from humanity he could survive for hours without oxygen, absorbed energy through solar, but also by eating (not that he experienced the pleasure from eating, it was simply a way of converting nutrients). He could also generate his own energy through movement – kinetic regeneration. 
The planet from orbital height had the serenity of Earth. Similar proportions of green and brown lands, covered in swirling white wisps.
His approach had to be precise; for this he was given additional software, which provided simple graphics to align. Surely it would have been possible to have some automated system, but then: I am the system, the controlling AI. 
In his current form no unusual signature would be detected; there was a uniformity in design, with many opting for jet packs. Only his descent from orbit may seem irregular. A glow engulfed him like some malevolent aura. His olfactory detectors picked up the burning metal. Would I be scarred? That’d give the game away.
The burning lessened; he slowed to a terminal velocity, as any skydiver. The B’tari probe had identified an abandoned compound. Side fins burst forth, giving him the appearance of a hyperjet. Then retro thrusters. As far as he could see there there were only abandoned fields, overgrown shrubs and hedges surrounded by woods. Perhaps a road, or just a track. Nothing of tarmac or concrete.
He swooped down towards a tall forest, vectors guiding him into the clearing. The landing was so hard he felt he should have damaged something; there was a momentary disorientation but his overlay indicated no damage. Maybe he really had been intended to fly, simple add-ons obviating the need for external transport; another advantage to convince people of their ascendancy beyond the biological. 
Looking round at the unsullied landscape, listening to the birdsong, it could have been Earth. 
Like Earth post human occupation. Now it became clear to him: the unarguable positive side of a post-humanoid world. All other species getting by fine without them. Had they, the Machines, recognized a tipping factor from the equilibrium, seen how the top species had appropriated every resource and land – encroached on it? The divine right of a sentient species. Even post religion there was only ever the lip service of kindness paid to those lower down the food chain sidelined, exploited. A wildlife reserve here, a national park there; the occasional breeding and medical assistance program, all the while wild animals were being slaughtered for profit, land used for food and housing. 
And yet, the notion that technological advancement as the enemy of the natural world now seemed like an irony. If this is the pinnacle: a fraction of its highest sentient beings interacting with the world and in a less invasive way than ever, was that such a bad thing?
He tried to think of his mission. The first thing: locate rebel group, their compound. He wasn’t certain of their location, no transponders or active scanners allowed here, only geomagnetic coordinates obtained from a passing probe scan. Torbin felt like a child on an errand, the reward of his old body hanging over him, incentivising, stifling any possible reasonable questions – voiced doubts.
It was funny how the human element in him still generated a wariness of wildlife. A bear, a wolf, a wild boar or whatever the equivalent lay in wait. They’d simply fear him as they would any active machine. No, just something hidden in the shadows, something keeping tabs, waiting for him to walk into a trap. The forest canopy dense enough to hide his grey face; the rest of him in khaki clothing. 
He followed a simple direction arrow in his HUD. At first unnecessarily slow; his reaction time was such that he could run through a dense sequoia-type forest at well over thirty kph, through bracken or mud.
The forest gave way to an overgrown meadow, and more fields before a line of hills. Old agricultural land? He wondered. He increased his speed, registering fifty kph, until it occurred to him that this may look suspicious. By whom? The overseers, as I head directly into their trap. So he slowed but still ran, until the arrow branched off in two directions. Stopped, surveyed the landscape. Those rolls of hay, all neatly piled up. No agriculture. 
An anomaly that appears to be something banally natural. Could the Machines not see that? Still, perhaps his HUD tracker gave the game away. It ensured he searched for that just-out-of-place oblong dark area at the front of the hay rolls. It gave him the surety that he should push at this section. And, sure enough, a gap revealed itself. The inside only illuminated by the sun. His own eyes enhanced the outlines of a passageway with steps descending into what even he could not see. Yet there was no question but to follow those stairs, as if his tracker was more than just that – a part of his programming. His forward motion no longer based on visual information but proprioceptive feedback – for each of the steps, the faintest rush of air from the side walls. And then, at the end, another door, opening.
Light overwhelmed for a few seconds. Then he realized They were expecting him, of course, as he became aware of a recognizably humanoid metallic figure holding aloft a glowing blue cable device. The cable between two prongs like a plastic flosser, glowing, cracking with a deadly energy. 
Fleetingly a couple of options did present themselves; maybe his thinking had been enhanced. He considered kicking the weapon wielder, or simply grabbing the device. His reaction time would surely have greatly improved from his human state. Except he was dealing with, possibly, his equal in those respects. Furthermore, this was not – should not – be the enemy but a potential ally. So he simply allowed the electric device to be lowered onto his head. Then gave in to the enveloping fugue, that (he was sure) any human would experience as excruciating pain. For a second, maybe even less, he even mused over the idea of how good it would be to die. Until that was overwhelmed by confusion. By oblivion. 

* * *

22

Had he really died? Zoraina considered, as she watched Roidon regain what amounted to consciousness. Did he even care if he had? 
He sat up. Alert now, it was a sudden thing – a reactivation. He was taking in the clinical brightness of the med centre, the variating graphics and numerical readouts of the monitoring equipment, which really wasn’t optimized for someone of his configuration.
His metallic face, with its limited opening of a jaw, acknowledged her presence. ‘How long?’ he asked.
‘Have you been out – unconscious?’
‘Out of action. Quiescent. I don’t know if there is enough of my brain left to be considered conscious.’
She wouldn’t indulge him in philosophical musing. ‘You’ve been out fifty-two hours, give or take. It seems the Machine master showed you little mercy.’
‘Nobody likes being manipulated to their detriment. I hope I created the necessary distraction.’
‘Distraction wasn’t the primary objective,’ she said emphatically. ‘You really are our best choice for communicating with the entity.’
‘Takes one to know one, kind of thing? Not that any of you B’tari truly believed I had a chance.’
‘It could have killed – destroyed you, yet it left you. Does that not count for something?’
‘Perhaps it thinks its life is marginally more interesting with me alive. Don’t know why it didn’t just scan me and …’ Roidon craned his head back as if a sudden revelation had come to him.
‘It took a copy of your mind-state. Then it has no need for you,’ Zoraina surmised.
‘It likes to play games. It may think of them as an experiment, or just a strategic option. You see, killing me is pointless since it knows you lot can simply bring me back to life from a spare copy. And don’t deny there is one; the B’tari knew my chances of surviving were minimal. No, this is about the long game; this is about breaking me.’
‘I’m not sure I understand you,’ Zoraina admitted.
‘If I told you in simple terms what I suspect, you would tell the Council. And I am afraid that they – in their infinite wisdom – would play just the game the machine entity hopes. React with seeming caution.’
She suspected he had become paranoid. ‘I will tell them nothing that will put you in jeopardy. Only, you have to be honest with me at least.’
‘Here’s honest. When I first met you, Zoraina, I did hope we could share more than a mere exchange of words; when I was under the illusion of being a man. Now I see you and feel nothing. You could have had some power over me, call it sexual capital. This human form of yours, how very calculated. Now you have nothing. Except perhaps if you can genuinely promise that one day I will be in a human body.’ 
‘Why be so cynical? It’s not an attractive trait, you know.’
Roidon shook his head. ‘I don’t care about attractive, I care about being human.’
‘I wish I could promise that. And not just because of the leverage it would give.’ 
‘You can’t sway things with the Council? Or is it that females are not allowed influence, especially when they look human?’
Zoraina refused to rise to that. ‘Is it not enough that we can protect you?’ she asked.
‘For a price.’
‘There is no matter of paying a price, Roidon, there is acting in both our interests: you assisting us in overthrowing this machine menace.’
He looked at her, seeming to consider his next response. ‘Be it that I am clutching at straws, but there remains something of the organic me.’ He pointed to his head, as if she didn’t already know. ‘Is it too much to ask to grow me an organic body to match?’
She rolled her eyes in a human-like gesture. ‘Roidon, that request is beyond my ken. Maybe you are right about the lack of status of this female, at least.’ She gave him a sideways look. ‘In any case, why do you so want to become human?’ 
‘I spent most of my existence as an AI yearning to be human. To feel, viscerally, pleasure and even pain seemed like the ultimate richness of life – intellect without confinement. To be bereft of that again is a cruelty you can barely imagine.’
Zoraina was sure he exaggerated. Even in this form there must be pleasures to be had. After all, the promise of pleasure served as a survival mechanism for anything even vaguely sentient. Was he simply playing for pity? 
She only said, ‘No, perhaps I cannot.’
Roidon rose from his seat. He did so with such abruptness it made her flinch. ‘Well … what’s my mission then?’ he asked, looking towards the exit. ‘I just want to get on with it.’
‘I will need instructions from high command,’ she told him.
‘Actually, no need,’ he announced. ‘I have a fair idea of what I need to do.’ 
He then hurried to the exit. For a moment she thought he was going to rip off the door before it had time to slide open. 
Was he angry with her? Upset at his predicament? Roidon, she always imagined, was a man of cool logic. He was much spoken of amongst her associates, as an almost legendary figure. He’d experienced the erasure, he’d sacrificed his mind to save a woman he loved. He was viewed in romantic terms. Yet here he was storming off like some petulant youth. Or maybe she had simply misread his reaction, and he was about to do something noble.

* * *





23

Torbin knew that in one sense he was alive. Firstly he had sight. A wall made from wooden panels. Kind of homely, he thought. Until he noticed the device looming over him – an enlarged needle attached to an articulated arm. Not a needle but a probe with a red light at its end. He wanted to move away from but he had no sensation of anything that could move. He was just eyes. No sounds or smells either.
Just eyes.
The room juddered. A face, of a similar soft metal complexion to his, and likewise cybernetic body. For a moment a sense of relief. This was where he was meant to be. He could even allow himself the warm feeling of kinship.
That soon wore off. The being removed the metal mask. What looked convincingly like a cyborg revealed itself to be humanoid: a scaly green face something vaguely similar to the B’tari before they’d opted to become more human-like. 
More juddering. Then the needle probe descended, disappearing from his sight, but he understood it to have made contact with his brain – the room shimmered momentarily, geometric shapes in pinks and blues flashed then darted across his visual field.
Suddenly words were coming at him. YOUR IDENTIFICATION DOES NOT MATCH OUR CONTACT LIST. THEREFORE WE ASSUME YOU TO BE ONE OF THE FOLLOWING: A SPY, AN INQUISITIVE CITIZEN, OR OUR CONTACT. SINCE YOU WERE WEARING A DISGUISE WE CAN LOGICALLY SURMISE YOU ARE HERE TO INFILTRATE OUR GROUP.  BE ASSURED WE WILL NOT USE TORTURE BEFORE WE TERMINATE YOU. 
How to reply? He simply thought the words. I am your contact Torbin Lyndau.
DO YOU HAVE A CODE?
Code? They gave me no code.
WHO?
The B’tari.
PREPARE FOR A MEMORY SCAN.
They bullied him. Why? Because it made them feel better about themselves, he thought, as the bigger boy tripped him up in the playground, to the others’ amusement. The girls particularly seemed to laugh the loudest; not only that but it was a laugh of contempt, a laugh that seemed to contain the message “we think you are so pathetic we want you to know about it.” So much was conveyed in laughter. It moulded him, made him introverted and remote. It made him seek out methods of escape in the virtual realm.
Then one day he found a path he knew he should take, one that would eventually lead him to greatness, a success to transcend all the pettiness of youthful concerns. And when the things denied him no longer seemed to matter, they became his: the adulation, the women. That one special woman. And then when it was all taken away, by those he thought of as his enemy and his possessor, he turned to another. A saviour, of sorts – the B’tari. But he could not simply exist, it had to end in a mission that saw him captured once again. A possessor of an even worse kind than than the first. An enslaver. Finally, out of a warped sense of clemency for his alliance, they gave him a life he had been denied for so many years, a life he could have happily remained in. But then something of him began to reject that perfect life. Perhaps it was simply too ordered, all wonderfully coherent instead of the randomness of real life; his rational mind finally kicking in, telling him in the strange repetition phenomenon that for someone like him any sustained happiness could never be true. Or that simply what he once thought of as the perfect life could only ever be self-delusion.
Yet, had he bought into the deal offered him, or had it been given as a fête acompli? 
He just could not remember. Whether he had suppressed that memory or not, the idea of accepting a deal from the Machine overlord was nothing short of abhorrent.
OK. SCAN COMPLETE.
WELCOME TORBIN. SORRY FOR THE INCONVENIENCE. YOU WILL BE INTEGRATED IN A SUITABLE BODYSHELL PRESENTLY.
‘What does “SUITABLE” mean?’ Torbin shouted in his mind.
ONE THAT WILL NOT BE DETECTED BY THE OVERLORDS.
‘This was not part of my mission,’ he said, knowing only the ultimate objective of his mission; the interim stages he hadn’t factored beyond meeting the rebels.
WE SHARE A COMMON INTEREST, DO WE NOT? DEFEATING THE MACHINE OVERLORDS?
‘All right, fine. Do it then.’ How curious that now he missed his mechanized body, it had become more than a vehicle. What the mind accepts given time. But to demand it back would seem unconscionable.
Things soon became hazy, his thoughts random and disjointed as if he was drifting off to sleep. He couldn’t distinguish whether his vision was of the surroundings or internal. There seemed to be something from a nightmare … no, a memory: silver legs either side attached to an oval body. He was looking down upon it, seemed to be atop it. 
Still now.
‘Torbin?’ A voice, not in his head. Male but of some foreign accent he could not determine. ‘Do you understand my words?’
‘I ...’ he uttered from somewhere that was not a mouth, not from a face.
A face appeared before him, the scaly being. ‘The translator should be working. Please answer in the affirmative if you understand.’
‘Yes. I understand you.’
‘On whose authority are you here?’
‘The B’tari.’ 
Had he been duped, thinking he was the B’taris’ main asset instead of the bit player he seemed to be now? Surely his history with them counted for something. In annoyance he tried to move, thought of leaving, using his new range of powers to escape. Only he wasn’t moving at all. Just an inert thing: a processing unit on a stand, forced to see in whatever direction he was pointed.
‘There seems to have been a misunderstanding,’ Torbin explained. ‘It is better that you let me go.’
‘I disagree,’ came the swift response. ‘But we don’t have time for arguments.’ The being reached over to something below Torbin’s line of sight. The limited view that was his world became distant, meaningless.

*


Part Three: Of the Flesh and the Fake
24

Roidon, at least the part of him that shared their memory, had been under the illusion of corporeality for the best part of three years of subjective time. To discover his real-world self as a mechanoid-cyborg had felt like a fate worse than death.
Now: life, the imperfect fleshy, bony wonder of it. Even here inside a spacesuit with all its additional armour plating to protect against stellar radiation, was still a precious delight.
So provenance be damned. Ethics, morals, they were relative. What mattered is existence itself, the beingness of it rather than where it came from.
Still, he would do what was requested of him. It was in his best interests. There could only be one Roidon Chanley. And indubitably the corporeal version was the truer Roidon rather than some tokenistic bit of organic brain, fused and governed by optronic hardware. Therefore he’d have no compunction to kill that version, albeit with merciful swiftness. That was the only deal he’d made. Yet this had never needed to happen, if not for his sentimentality in allowing that other version to live. The overlord, he imagined, would regard such regret – from an act of weakness – as a valuable lesson. Well, no more weakness now. Just self preservation.
At his current trajectory – shifting in and out of the grey flumes of null Higgs field tunnels created by accumulated matter from whatever particles his suit could collect – he’d reach the B’tari base in only a few hours. 
Right now, drive-packs portable enough to attach to the side of his suit contained antimatter in magnetic confinement, primed to react with particles so exotic they would only exist naturally for a femtosecond. And yet no harm came to him. His suit could travel as far and as quickly as the most advanced B’tari ships. On the face of it the B’tari stood not a chance against the Kintra. They out-thought the greatest AIs. So why not be one with them? Were they not technological perfection? Simply, he reasoned, that their notion of perfection was based on different criteria to his. To them he must be a curious anomaly not merely for still wanting to be human like so many of the captured, but for his origins, for how he once revered the ultimate artificial creation.
Disillusioned? Quite possibly.
Even as he revelled in his single-minded rejection of the Kintra machine culture, he was aware of just how dependent on them he remained.
He exited the final subspace tunnel. His on-board navigation directed him to Earth with a haste that made him momentarily nauseated. There he entered orbit, surmising that a different set of processes were at play. Or maybe this was where he gained some autonomy. Really he wanted this pause, wanted to contemplate the world that once held so many riches. From this height a fragility, a precious equilibrium, something even restored without humans. A world that had been taken to the brink. But even then he remembered the same simple beauty containing so much ugliness within its hidden detail. Now there really was virtually nothing to corrupt nature, be it red in tooth and claw.  
Roidon noticed himself – or rather his suit – fading to transparent. An odd thing to have a sense of a body. His HUD overlaid a map with a tag on the B’tari base, a secondary hideaway they doubtless thought less vulnerable than moon-base alpha. He didn’t need to do anything except let the thrusters guide his descent. This lack of control provided the apprehension that kept him alert. Of course, his visit was known by the local Kintra overloards, he was given a free pass even if they were not told the nature of his visit. 
He was in night-time when he touched down a few hundred metres from the base. Still invisible in most of the EM spectrum, he ran. The suit retracted its armour plating, revealing a material akin to Kevlar but no doubt more exotic, enabling a surprising agility and speed. The tritanium exoskeleton also enhanced his strength. His movements were silent. Rimless spectacle-style lenses provided an IR overlay to the already photon-enhanced environment. At this time a good chance the B’tari were asleep. His counterpart had no real sleep requirements, no human fatigue, on paper a clear advantage over him. He remembered in that form a feeling of being trapped in consciousness. Another mistake of the Kintra, thinking that eliminating the need to sleep was a further improvement when, even though the need for sleep was often thought of as an inconvenience, people enjoyed the process – the prospect of escape from the stresses of life, a chance to let the imagination run free. The easiest timeout. A release that was only eventually replaced by artificial reality. Yet old habits die hard; even in the virtual realm sleep had to be replicated.
The base, naturally, was underground. The entrance hidden within the turf of a hill, only indicated by his HUD. As he expected it was well locked. A standard explosive charge would only alert the occupants, so he had to use an ultrabeam laser and a plasma cutter attached to an oblong device that burrowed its way to the underlying metal like some hyperactive mole, employing its laser therein.
There was still enough noise that he became worried; the B’tari were as vigilant as ever these days. They believed the machine overlords were completely unaware of their presence on earth, when in reality the Kintra simply were not concerned. At least that had been the state of play until Roidon was able to furnish them with vital intel, extracted it in the copy process; his counterpart entirely unaware. The B’tari suspecting? Regardless, when the hatch caved in he pushed on through, descending steps in total darkness, with only a wire-frame outline based on what little thermal differences there were.
Another door again. This time he set the cutter to laser only. Then through a short corridor. Then to a door with palm and voice sensor, and a slot for an interface. At this stage lax security. Of course, his other self could not use either of the sensors and must have used this slot interface. Roidon here inserted what amounted to a skeleton key, a plug that expanded to fill the slot, from which a thin cable to a device running through every possible algorithm until it found one that established communication. If the B’tari knew of his presence and were waiting to entrap him they were doing so with more stealth than he was using.
The door slid open to reveal a dazzlingly lit room, before his optics reverted to daylight mode. A living room, curiously prosaic in its arrangement of tables and chairs, a sofa and beige walls. A warning overlaid his vision, faint EM presence. 
Too late. He felt himself being grabbed under his arms with so much force he even felt pain. He was then thrown against the sofa. Regaining his composure he looked up to see his other self, the unexpressive dull-silver face, a moment to ponder how that other could have evaded his sensors. No time to react.
‘Surprised?’ the other said. ‘Hadn’t you anticipated we’d be prepared?’
‘I had an inkling you would be ready. After all, you are me.’
‘So what was the point in coming here?’
‘To show you how you could exist. As flesh and blood again.’
‘A ploy to make me jealous?’
‘No. To bring you a message from our machine overlords.’
‘Proceed.’
Flesh Roidon spat out the mini dart. As soon as it left his mouth the projectile powered up its tiny fusion rocket, ensuring that the other would not have time to react. It impacted at about two hundred kph whereupon it emitted an intense EM burst. This rendered his metal self incapacitated. It took an effort to move the rigormortis-like limbs enough to apply handcuffs, and only then forward facing.
Roidon was about to jab an electrical pulse probe into his counterpart when that other reanimated, jumping to his feet and twisting his wrists. The handcuffs were basic steel bands connected with myriad bunched buckycarbon nanotubes. Realizing he wasn’t going to break them in time, he kicked out at Roidon’s knee. The pain was lessened by the tritanium reinforced Kevlar-analogue He imagined his knee would be shattered otherwise. 
Flesh Roidon backed away. The handcuffs were clearly too tough for anyone to break, and that being acknowledged metal Roidon was approaching his other with piston-driven efficiency; a calculation already made in that optronic enhanced brain. FR simply side-stepped, then reached for his side arm – a more powerful EM pulse weapon – and fired just as artificial Roidon kicked up at his hand. The invisible beam had hit enough of his adversary to render him immobile, then topple over like a deactivated robot. For good measure he fired again. Then from a side pocket he extracted a device shaped like a stubby screwdriver but with an ultra sharp end, and jammed into a point just below artificial Roidon’s head. This would, he hoped, send an electrical pulse powerful enough to fry those photonic pathways, causing what organic brain there was to do likewise. A mere second was more than enough. This all seemed too easy, he expected more of a challenging fight from someone of such strength and intelligence. Only that monstrosity was in no way him. Something born of him, yes, but a twisted version that had been subject to a delusion of life beyond the virtual, who bought into it because the alternative was unthinkable. 
He could be nothing but grateful for the machine overlord to have preserved his mind-capture since their takeover, with still his memory fresh of how good, how ennobling life can be. The B’tari: they were happy for that machine perversion of existence to continue, otherwise that self would have been integrated into a human body at the first opportunity. Instead, how convenient for it to do their bidding: a thing of strength, of immense intelligence, that didn’t fear death … but a thing with little appetite for life. Certainly not enough for self-preservation,
As Roidon strode along the exit corridor, he mused over how strange it was that no b’tari had tried to stop him or even made an appearance. Maybe they had laid a trap outside, the only escape route. Or maybe they knew there could only be one outcome.
Roidon emerged to no challenge. He just walked. To where, he had no idea. He was simply allowed his freedom. Freedom in a world of very few humans to work with or exploit. Maybe the B’tari knew this, thought he would have no options on his own.

* * *





25

Torbin took a moment to soak in the irony. He was the very arachnoid creature he so detested – the very symbol of how sentience can become appropriated into the most grotesque form and to that end for the purpose of working for the side of good, biological sentience. To think of Torbin the man as now just an irrelevant indulgence. Yet, he didn’t look down (there were no eyes to close); he still felt like a biped; his part-organic brain not adapted. He was glad of that.
Then he continued on. Scuttled across fields of wild grass, through forests in the way a demented metal spider might. Only this one had a purpose. The indignation – as his eight legs pumped rapidly through dense woods – had diminished, reduced to some irrelevant part of his mind. Maybe it meant he was thinking more like one of those arachnoid creatures; maybe that was the point, that he only need receive basic instructions but still behave convincingly like one of them. After all, he surmised, a good spy, like a good actor, must assume the identity as if it were a deep-routed truth – of how to speak, how to think without remove. 
His navigation HUD led him to what seemed like a random place in a meadow. It created a regular green squared vector frame. He used one of his forward legs to calve an outline. He thought of digging at it, but if this was a hatch … ‘Open.’ The word he thought as if it were speech but it came out as two clicks. The vectored square proceeded to lower, very slowly. He stood on it.
Down. So rapidly it was all just a blur. A jarring halt, followed by intense light, fading as his optics adjusted. Resolving into view before him were other metal arachnids. They appeared to be motionless. He began to wonder if they knew there was something not right about him, were studying him. Until one of them approached, lifted a canted leg, the tip of which pressed into his exotic-metal thorax. ‘Identified, Otrix 483/7A. What is the purpose of your visit?’ The words were clear although synthetic-sounding English. There must a translation unit the rebels had fitted.
Torbin couldn’t think of how to answer, yet an answer came out – unbidden – in clicks that were meaningless to him.
‘Understood,’ came the voice translation. ‘The shuttle will depart for the fleet ship in approximately sixty-eight minutes. Records state you have been out of commission for two-hundred and sixty hours. Why has central command not listed your recommissioned status?’
Again the clicks emanated from him as if he had no control. Either these were anticipated questions for which a preprogrammed response or somehow the rebels had control over him. Was he a drone, no more autonomous than those around him? 
‘The modifications will indeed be useful for conversion of planet K-758/b. I will submit myself for a similar upgrade,’ came the response. Clearly the rebels had something planned extensively. Yet he couldn’t understand why they didn’t just send a bona fide drone intelligence. Instead, he felt trapped as if in a dream; nothing like a spy but merely a helpless observer. His seemingly voluntary actions not free will but an illusion. 
The lead arachnid informed him it was time to leave. He followed them down a tunnel into a large hanger. The ship merely looked like a larger version of themselves but with six legs; resting in a collapsed position, its legs splayed out. Hardly imaginative, he mused. But then that was the point? These creatures regarded imagination as an irrelevance; they simply existed as grunts to serve the wider cause of the more sentient intelligence. And now he was following them as they seemed to disappear inside the craft as if it was absorbing them. He had to keep going, not showing any hesitation. He wanted to close his eyes but only now realized they were fixed open. Always seeing; they never had any reason to shut out the world. No reason to sleep – the surprisingly chilling thought. Of course, sleep was inefficient. 
The one in front of him thrust itself at their craft as if about to break into a sprint, and simply disappear within. He tried to do the same; not giving it too much thought. But felt himself begin to stumble. Nevertheless the skin of the craft accepted him as a cell would a virus. No feeling of resistance.
They all seemed to be standing freely, nothing to hold on to. A screen appeared, followed by a mass of symbols of varying colours that made no sense to him. He could see the ship leaving the hanger, the sky a sudden presence, the ground shrinking away at an unnerving rate. Through clouds, into space in only a few seconds, with no sense of movement as if he were only watching a movie. 
In orbit, an ovoid object with splayed nacelles. It became the only thing in view. A large opening appeared levering down like a giant mouth of a whale, revealing a cargo bay. As they entered the mothership, text appeared in Torbin’s HUD view. It was English. YOU WILL SOON BE IN VISUAL RANGE OF XENOBAR, THEIR COMMANDER. HE IS ESTIMATED TO BE THE THIRD HIGHEST WITHIN THE KINTRA EMPIRE. HIS ELIMINATION WOULD SEVERELY HAMPER THEIR EFFORTS TO TRANSMOGRIFY THE LOCAL GALACTIC REGION. AWAIT FURTHER INSTRUCTIONS. 
He tried to imagine how he could possibly eliminate the Machine commander; he didn’t appear to be carrying any weapons on him, he was surrounded by other arachnids. This must be a suicide mission, he reasoned.
Torbin again followed the others, this time through an iris, then along a corridor, and finally to a gargantuan room inlaid with a dazzling abundance of gold and silver, strange curved objects that seemed to have no practical function, the very excess of opulence. Maybe, he thought, it wasn’t that the commander had expensive taste but there was some physical advantage; the purity of the metal. Gold and silver: the great conductors. Yet he still got the impression there was some fetishism of precious metals; the opposites of flesh. It took a few seconds for his optics to adjust to the intense reflections to see the looming figure of what must be the commander. He/it bestrode the room as a biped of ultra reflective chrome. Two articulated limbs atop an elongated tear drop and a separate dome with a single dark strip as a visual sensor. The commander must have stood at least ten metres high – the excess of imperiousness. They all gathered around him. Then more text appeared. IN ORDER TO TRANSMIT THE VIRUS YOU MUST MENTAL-CHANT CODE 86549 TWICE, WHEREUPON THE BURST WILL BE SENT. IT WILL TAKE APPROXIMATELY FIVE HOURS TO TAKE EFFECT, DURING WHICH TIME IT IS IMPORTANT TO MAINTAIN COVER. PLEASE MOVE WITHIN THREE METRES OF SUBJECT.
The commander began to emit a series of clicks. They soon became words he could understand. ‘Planet K-758/b is occupied by sentient species know as the Cartoans. They have recently completed their forth world war and as thus have depleted resources, most especially defensive armament. It is therefore an opportune time to convert this war-like species. Please be assembled in holding bay seven.’ Torbin wondered how many of those words were an actual communication, designed for a barely autonomous species. He suspected much of it was internally mediated for his benefit, a reconstruction of prior strategic planning. After all, why would the commander even bother explaining the rationale for the mission to minions that were no more than drones? 
They filed out. As he passed the commander, Torbin mentally repeated the code from the text still present: ‘86549, 86549.’ The commander  fixed a gaze at Torbin, causing what felt like some equivalent response of stress: a heightened alertness; a curious fear. Then he heard: ‘Code transfer confirmed.’ The commander looked away as Torbin hurried to rejoin the others. Surely they wouldn’t even conceive of one of their own  commandeered by a sentient being, much less one that carried a digital virus, Torbin assured himself. They entered what seemed to be an observation room. A planetarium-effect view of space. 
The stars now a distorted blur: some kind of hyperspace. At some point, he reasoned, they will discover him. Out here, too far to be rescued by the B’tari; certainly not the rebels who had nothing really to lose by failure of this mission, except perhaps the uncovering of their identity once he had been interrogated. 
And how far would I be prepared to go to maintain this cover? 
Within a second of exiting hyperspace the planet appeared. Torbin had no idea whereabouts in the galaxy this was. The planet had a similar Earth-like quality, a fecundity of green and brown land surrounded by blue sea, with the covering swirls of cloud. Like Earth a benign quality for habitation. There was not much time to speculate over how Earth-like were the beings; the other arachnids were filing into the shuttle with military efficiency. The commander loomed over, issuing clicks, appearing to show no sign of the virus. Since it seemed the commander would not be following, Torbin wondered if there is a first officer, or simply issued with their instructions they’d already been set in train. Perhaps they worked like ants – as a collective intelligence, sending signals to one another. How good it must be, he thought, not to have the burden of any moral qualms. An unquestionable purpose without a conscience. Just a link in a chain. But an ant does not appreciate its lack moral responsibility. Would such a limited reality be better? Distracted thoughts. The most pressing concern, not linked-up to the others, would his cover be revealed?
Torbin tried to keep in drone-like step. They were not wasting any time, heading directly down to a city of elaborate geometric towers and flow of ground traffic. It made him think of Earth from a history doc about the mid-twenty-first century. 
The shuttle swooped down into a park. Within seconds of landing they were disembarking. He then caught sight of the inhabitants: they appeared disquietingly humanoid, except with a greenish tinge to their skin, perhaps taller. Torbin had no sense of gravity in this form. But he was able to run at a phenomenal speed, following the others as they gave chase to the terrified beings. When one had been caught, the arachnid inserted a sharp-tipped limb into a screaming mouth. What followed made Torbin want to vomit, although he realized that could not be possible; he was still (thankfully) thinking as a human.
Once the arachnid had removed every limb from the now collapsed being it approached the other spiders, who were now stationary, which included Tobin. That one clicked furiously. They then returned to their shuttle. In the cargo area was something that looked vaguely like a gun. It was big, about four metres in length and one and a half deep. Then loaded on caterpillar tracks, to slowly wend its way down an exit ramp. Once on the ground, one arachnid faced it, presumably sending instructions; the gun then emitted a shrill noise as it manoeuvred through paths and trees of the park. In the distance Torbin could see the local inhabitants collapse like rag dolls. This gun-like device had either disabled or killed them. The trouble was, he could only observe as the thing trundled along rendering more inhabitants incapacitated, all the while arachnids were gathering bodies, piling them up; leaving them. 
Certain things didn’t make sense: if that was a method to capture sentient minds for conversion it could take years to go through an entire population; yet as far as he was aware Earth’s inhabitants had been converted within, at the most, a few months. Was this a test run? Just collecting samples?
Already there was a defensive response. Four chemically-propelled aircraft loomed over firing some kind of projectile weapon. ‘Tatatat,’ came the sound as these projectiles ricocheted off the arachnids, and even himself – seeming to be perfectly harmless, not even a hindrance! 
The attack ceased and the aircraft retreated. Then a deeper sound, a rumble that his HUD indicated was from his left side. Nothing yet on visual. The others were pressing on, but no faster than the megagun, giving any potential victims plenty of time to escape. 
Torbin was developing the distinct sense that their plan had a flaw. Or else this was some extremely clever ruse. He was now sure these arachnids were the early first wave, nothing more than cannon-fodder. A suicide mission? Maybe they were simply there to gauge the level of defence capability of the host planet. 
Now the leviathan loomed overhead. Those underbelly cylinders were nothing other than missiles, a form of armament that may be crude in its destructive power but with the capability to decapitate a steel structure. The other arachnids seemed to have acknowledged its presence judging by the rapid clicking. 
One of the missiles, inevitably, was fired. Seconds seemed to stretch in which he became aware of its speed and trajectory, a knowledge beyond the meaningless symbols in his HUD. It was heading towards him, but he didn’t need to avoid it; one of the troops had leapt up and latched itself onto the missile, and within a millisecond had caused its course to alter in an upward trajectory. In fact, it was now loping back. The arachnid detached itself just as the missile settled into an unavoidable course toward the aircraft. The explosion turned the craft into a fireball. Torbin took comfort from the surety that death must have been instantaneous, if there were a few seconds of utter terror. He knew about the needless deaths from war, when wars were fought by humans rather than drones. Biological beings against drones commanded by unimaginably advanced machine intelligences would be so uneven he wondered if they’d simply accept the futility of resistance. But no, if these beings were like humans they would fight to the bitter and pointless end.
And so more aircraft arrived; more missiles turned against their hosts. Then onward to the heart of the city. To the power grid control centre. As night fell so did darkness over the city. Power cables ripped out seemingly at random; siren warnings, flashing graphics on control panels. Until what was left still active finally switched off – literally. Torbin was amazed at how one switch could do this. One of the arachnids carried the megagun up a flight of stairs; another brought along a dislodged cable, bare wires exposed. All the others followed. When the cable had run out of extension, the one carrying the megagun pressed something on its side, then there extruded its own cable complete with some kind of adapter which simply mated with the power cable. A perfect compatibility, as though this had been done before. Of course, it had. Now they continued upwards with an unencumbered fluidity, unending cable extruding.
After about four flights of stairs they reached the roof. The megagun  seemed to acquire a brooding ochre glow – within wire-frame delineations – in the pitch darkness. They all halted on a flat platform with a view across the dark shapes of city buildings; lights of vehicles moving with a sense of urgency; the faint sounds of panic. Torbin wondered how Earth would have reacted, vastly more technologically advanced. Surely it would not have been so easy to switch off the power. The gun, about the size of his metal body, was being positioned on a tripod. A central pole extended raising it about a further three metres. A few clicks were given, and one of the arachnids scuttled off down the stairwell, he guessed to reactivate the power. Less than a minute later the gun’s glow became a fearsome amber as if was simply overheating, an accordingly strained whining and vibrating. The power boosted to the very limit. Nothing visible emitted, just a disturbance in the air, enhanced by his HUD. He noticed then some of the moving lights stop. It may have reached across the city. But the entire planet? There needed to be thousands more. Perhaps there were. And he was just one of a unit. Yes, he surmised, merely the first wave. 
But soon Torbin realized something was wrong. The clicking between the other arachnids seemed frantic; they were gathered near each other. A message then appeared in Torbin’s HUD. VIRUS HAS ACTIVATED. RETURN TO MOTHERSHIP.

* * *





26

By the time she found him motionless on the floor in the lounge quarters, she knew what had happened. Cameras had tracked Roidon of flesh since his infiltration, had observed him committing the murder. 
Except it wasn’t truly murder, there needed to be some other category for this. Not even like fratricide of a twin or a clone. Was the murdered version conscious, or simulated to appear so? Hardly a question she needed to deal with. Her commander had taken the stance that events should play out without their interference. After all, that was what the B’tari were best known for, hitherto. Only one version of Roidon could exist. And yet she felt a pang of grief for this version, who now looked so utterly synthetic as if anything resembling life was never more than a trick designed to fool those who wanted to believe. But then she had  believed. Roidon was always more than the sum of his parts; the one now at large no more than a copy of a copy, just another form carrying the Roidon Chanley mind-state. Who could say that that flesh version had sentience any more than the cybernetic Roidon? 
He must know he would be tracked, must be aware that with just one word from the Council he’d be hauled in. Earth was Roidon’s spiritual home – for want of a better word. His psych report lingered much on his love of the visceral, pleasures of the flesh – which made sense given the past he was allowed to retain: providence of the B’tari. He’d become a figure of obsession amongst her compatriots, especially the female ones. ‘Open personal file 46c. <Roidon, On a wider perspective represents the appeal of being human: someone who chose it rather than was born into it. In fact, it could be said he was the best argument against the machine revolution. He may have even influenced my kind to become more human. Not that there’s anything wrong with being B’tari, they are of more robust construction, have better immune systems, are arguably more intelligent than base humans (cybernetic augmentations not withstanding; they came and went according to trends, along with chemical and gene enhancements) but these were no definitive criteria of quality, of value. It seems that now more than ever the criteria has changed. You could, in theory, design the perfect being by simply splicing the correct genes; hundreds of millennia of evolution circumvented in a generation. Only the result could never be so predictable; there was always the possibility of psychosis, even with strict environmental controls. Simply the knowledge that you have been designed could be enough to drive you insane. It was the problem faced by the most advanced AIs, the ones arbitrarily considered to be sentient. Sometimes, it seemed the most merciful thing to do was to deactivate them. But then that threw up the question of playing God (not that any b’tari actually believed in a god, God had become irrelevant since the inception of the Temporal Directive).> Close file.’
Now she sat in the control room, its bank of monitors, flashing LEDs and push button controls like something from a museum of twenty-first century tech, and yet their solidity was curiously reassuring – a nostalgia of the B’tari that never seemed to let up. Orbiting cameras tracked Roidon as he walked for miles, stopping to imbibe the meagre supplies he had pilfered from their base. Much of Earth now was a wasteland, if a beautiful one. He soon had reached an abandoned residential area, moving in and out of homes unoccupied now for decades. He would find very little edible food, she surmised, no drinkable water and certainly no power. Darkness was already falling. He’d have to deal with solitude; but she imagined that would be the least of his problems. Did she want him to cope, or come running back to the warm embrace of the B’tari? Or just her? Or somehow make it alone? She couldn’t yet decide ... although she did want to see him tested to the limit. 

* * *





27

Darkness shrouded the empty streets. He welcomed it. A perfectly clear night; the moon yet to rise. 
Roidon looked up at the stars: fine points, barely twinkling, he could lose himself amongst them. Feeling wonderfully small and insignificant. Just to experience the nowness without burden of a past, without figuring in anyone’s consciousness. Lifted. The ground beneath his heavily-booted feet barely registering. Even being in a starship in open view mode had nothing of the visceral feel that he could reach out into the infinite, his face exposed to the cool night air. Only the houses intruded, as blocks so bereft of life he wanted nothing to do with them. Did nothing to illuminate them.
Eventually he had to decide. A shelter for the night. So far he had only collected flash packs of cereals and biscuits; nothing to cook had preserved. Still, enough food to get through the night. He activated his side torch; floodlight mode, one house stood out as slightly more appealing, with its old style veranda and arched front door porch, like something from half a millennia ago. 
Yet, inside, the effect could not have been more of a contrast. He flinched when the lights activated. An independent solar collector, he guessed. The interior was still furnished, and in the living room a sofa chair still bore the faint imprint of a human posterior. On a coffee table were cups and a confectionery wrapper. It really felt as if someone would soon return, find this intruder. He had to rationalize that there could not possibly be anyone who could still claim this place as their home: the last regime of capturing was over a decade ago; anyone evading must be in some bunker, not daring to venture out. Were the local Kintra informed of his visit, his special dispensation? Or was he only allowed the illusion of freedom? A pointless concern now, he explored the other rooms. A kitchen still had a working refrigerator. There was food, even meat (presumably vat grown). A cooking unit, a functional replicator. He could live here for weeks. He surveyed the bedrooms; some still retained that just-occupied look, but there was one that’d obviously been left as a spare, a guest room. It seemed curious that a house could be left functioning in this way, that it and its resources had not been assimilated. Not even a modicum of sentiment could be ascribed to the Kintra machines; yet he had to run through in his mind the logical sequence that guaranteed no humans would return. He imagined there’d be no warning. It could have happened in their home, but he saw no sign of any struggle. Their doors were locked, and no vehicle parked. A day out, then. The car shot down, but they could not be allowed to sustain any brain injury. The screaming kids, the pleading parents. But if they had known about ‘the capturing’, then it would have been a desperate futile attempt at escape. How people can act out of futility, even if it means prolonging the fear, prolonging the pain; the Machines baffled at such illogicality. Well, that was soon to be remedied once their minds had been fully integrated with machine perfection. Only, after what he knew of the madness that followed, if they were not in the virtual realm then they were in a small minority.
It suddenly struck Roidon that he was immensely tired. Vigilance had kept the possibility of sleep as a non-consideration, adrenaline his stimulant. Now he barely had the energy to get out of the suit. Even hunger and thirst were things he had to pay attention to, or wake feeling worse. Basic needs. How wonderfully human! Wonderfully real!

* * *





28

Aboard the mothership the commander was surrounded by his minions, clicking wildly. Both the chrome goliath’s legs twitched sporadically, near to toppling; an occasional click issued from him but otherwise Torbin imagined the commander must be incoherent, his minions in a state of disarray.
Then they turned to Torbin, they surrounded him. They knew. They must know. It was then, as if his shell had known he was in trouble, that the instructions appeared. ACTIVATE PROTOCOL 16A. He simply repeated the instruction. Then: PROTOCOL 16A HAS BEEN INITIALIZED. But already they were probing him – the rogue element. One of an arachnid’s legs had become a diamond-tipped drill, levelling at where Torbin’s eyes would be. 
‘Please, there is no need for this,’ were Torbin’s heightened thoughts. ‘I am here to initiate a change in plan.’
‘There is an anomaly,’ came a metallic voice. 
‘No. I am in charge now.’
‘You do not possess the correct grade clearance, therefore you must be amended.’ 
The creature now began to drill into Torbin’s head casing. ‘Stop,’ he protested in vain. For now his shell material was resisting even the diamond drill, yet the thing persisted, whining away like an archive depiction of a dentist’s drill – that parents would use to frighten their children into good dental care.
‘Anomaly must be examined. Anomaly must be recti ...fi … ed.’ The drill stopped, then pulled back. The creature then started waving its forward legs randomly. Just twitching now, as did the others. The text then: PROTOCOL COMPLETE, VIRUS INITIALIZED. APPROPRIATE CRAFT AND SEEK OUT REMAINING VESSELS.
‘How?’ he questioned.
CANNOT PROVIDE ADDITIONAL INFORMATION. 
OK, so I’m allowed some initiative.
In the muted red light of the commander’s section Torbin found a bay of winking lights and strange geometric symbols. There appeared to be no interface point other than a large dark circle, upon which he placed himself. Immediately: ‘Interface recognized Do you wish to proceed with full link?’
‘Yes.’ His reply tentative.
Then: he was in space, orbiting the planet. The ship had effectively vanished from view; maybe this was how it seemed to any outside observer. Then, when the illusion had become quite disorientating, a graphical display appeared before him: geometric shapes intersecting then moving apart, dancing greens and pinks. It meant nothing; he felt like the impostor he truly was. 
‘Seek out compatriot craft,’ he thought aloud.
‘Two are approaching orbital insertion,’ the ship informed him. This felt amazing! He was communicating with a ship interface not even designed for an arachnid but for the commander. The rebels had planned this in such detail he had to admire them. But from what he knew he had to do, surely something, some protocol, would prevent him?
‘Compatriot craft are in synchronous orbit.’
‘Destroy them.’
‘My programming forbids me to comply.’ Of course. Just too easy. The flaw in their plan.
‘Send me prevention protocol algorithm.’
‘Sending.’
Well, if the rebels had properly thought this through... ANALYSING PROTOCOL. ROTATING QUAD QUBIT ENCRYTION. BROKEN. REROUTING THROUGH INTERFACE. PROTECTION OVERIDED.
‘Destroy other ships.’
‘Manual targeting only. Fusion missiles on line.’
‘Proceed,’ he said, perhaps redundantly.
A targeting vector came up on his vision; he simply had to imagine turning his head as if focusing eyes. ‘Fire!’ The first one detonated, in a curiously slow-mo manner, but he knew there wasn’t time to linger on it. He scanned round for the second ship which was already manoeuvring out of orbit. He focused intensely, his mind so alive, feeling supremely powerful. ‘Fire!’ This time he watched as the craft broke apart, imagining the arachnid soldiers confusion that their high commander had turned against them. Would they have experienced fear? Unlikely; these were non-sentient grunts. He was right not to have any compunction. There were few morally easy wars, he reflected, but perhaps this could be one of exception.
Now he had control. ‘Ship. Take me to Earth.’ 
‘Do you wish to arrive in minimum time?’
‘Yes!’
‘Engaging subspatial tunnelling array.’
‘Excellent! How long till we arrive?’
‘Twenty-three minutes.’
All around the milky-white melange, as if all of the stars were mixed in a giant blender. Then smoothly out into real space, where in a few seconds Earth appeared. He was then instructed into a shuttle which took him towards the B’tari base. 
Something was wrong. Through the viewscreen the approaching earth juddered. Had he been detected by the machine overlords, identified as the rogue ship? Now targeted? There was no sign that anything had hit.
‘Shuttle. What’s wrong? Is there damage?’
No reply. Perhaps it only operated on an automated system.
The ground seemed to be approaching at a terminal velocity: a morass of forest became individual trees. Except he wasn’t going to hit them. The side of a hill appeared to be his landing site. His crash site. Unlike  like most craft, which had built in redundancies for systems failure, he knew here there would be no concessions for preserving life, in the unlikely event of...
He’d done this journey so many times, yet he still had such a fondness for it. He knew every tree the train would pass, close enough and slow enough to catch the particular yellowing of maple leaves; distant ferns climbing the mountains with snow peaks in their early stages just above. Silent, totally smooth. 
No wonder people did not want to dispense with such old technology – gliding merely a few metres above ground, above a line which gave a  predestined journey that could never be corrupted. Torbin could just relax in the certainty that he’d arrive at his destination untroubled, uninterrupted. 
And, yet, he had that sense again. She could be on this train, it was her line, even though he hadn’t seen her for years. 
He was a happily married man. He thought he was. Or convinced himself of that. But he’d had a chance with someone else, someone he let get away. The train could bring strangers together, make them willing captives in each other’s company. Yet he chose to walk away, back to his seat and the certainty of his life. Now, if he found her, he would not walk away. 
And so he went searching, through the coaches. Until he found her, just as he knew he would. Emelda – engrossed in some infofeed, projected from a thumb-sized datatab on her lap – with that tell-tale oblivious expression. Torbin looked at her for a few seconds. A bit older; well, seven years give or take since that last encounter. Still, her figure had not declined; if anything she was in better shape, her tight skirt revealing a trim abdomen. Copper-red hair, tied back. Maybe a few more lines around her eyes. He didn’t think he’d ever studied her so closely before. He leaned in, compelled by the thought of kissing her, the abandoned joy of it – the prelude to... 
Then brought himself back, looked at her hands for that significant ring. None; still hope. He reckoned she must be around forty. He would often be suspicious of single women of that age, wondering if they were divorced and embittered or still looking for That Special One, the soul mate. And what a burden to be bestowed onto said special person. How many merely settle, he wondered, resigning themselves to the belief that it was never more than a futile quest? But then, what could be worse than thinking you had met that special one only for that person to shatter your illusions? 
Yes, he thought, where would we be without our illusions? Is it best to keep them protected like the most delicate crystals, or risk their exposure to the harsh world? 
‘You could destroy me,’ he said under his breath. ‘You could give me paradise and turn it into hell.’
So close now but she wasn’t aware of him. He had to say something aloud; say her name. Or once more walk away, and never know. Never look back. Live a safe life.
He took a breath, tried to compose himself. Failed. But was there ever a right moment? 
‘Emelda?’ There, committed to the moment.
She looked up, a jolt of awareness. ‘Err. Yes?’ Did she not recognize him?
‘It’s me. Torbin.’ He smiled, then continued, ‘We’ve met before. Don’t you remember?’
‘Oh, yes. I do vaguely.’ She didn’t look happy to see him. 
‘I’m sorry if I interrupted you.’
‘No, not at all.’ Her voice, mellifluous again as he remembered.
‘I just thought. Well, we never got to know each other properly. I think we got off to a bad start.’
‘Yes. Think we probably did.’
‘Is it okay if sit next to you?’ Curiously, she was on the outside seat.
‘Sure, why not?’
He expected her to shuffle along to the window seat but instead she got up to let him through. But just as he had sat next to her a warning came through the comm. “I’m afraid there is a technical fault with this train.” The strangely metallic male voice, continued: “We will have to stop within a few minutes. Please be assembled at the front two coaches. An arrangement will---” An explosion, not seen but somewhere near. Unimaginably loud. It rocked the train enough that it knocked Torbin violently to the side. His head hit the side glass. 
Darkness.

* * *





29

In the bright morning, Roidon surveyed the empty street. The silence was a presence he had never felt before; it was only ever an absence. Not even the faintest breeze against his ears now. Just a gentle internal tinnital buzzing: his brain desperate for input, turning up the volume. 
Where were the creatures – the birds, the last surviving pets or their offspring? Silence: an ominous prelude to something threatening, warned this most primitive part of his brain. 
No, assured the more reasoned part, they are leaving me be. He imagined being caught in a stand-off between the two major powers: the B’tari not daring to reveal any sign of their existence to the other side whose response even he could not guess at. But he knew the machine entities recognized throughout their hierarchy the historical significance of the galaxy’s foremost biological power. 
Time for a walk. Time to move on; not look back. Time to dispense with any notion that he could have a home. Roidon the nomad. Roidon in a world where living creatures no longer belonged. No, it was just here. Something about this town that was forbidding. He no longer wore the encounter suit as it seemed excessive to the point of paranoia, with its array of sensors. Instead he looked like a civilian, wearing clothes taken from the house, near enough the right fit for his fairly average sized frame. In any case, why had the suit not detected anything last night? What could have changed? Better not to settle in one place, to risk being comfortable. He carried a backpack with enough food and fluid for the rest of the day.
The sky was mostly clear. A warm breeze had now developed, gently swaying the trees. Yet street after street all silent. It reminded him of a post-nuclear landscape once the fallout was gone; the silent killer within the deceptive tranquil beauty. Nuclear devices were a crude method of clearing an area of its population; precision strikes or biochemical weapons could be far more effective without rendering hundreds of miles uninhabitable for millennia. The Kintra were all about precision, wasting nothing, which was why he found no rotting corpses. Did that explain the lack of animals? Maybe pets who could find no discarded food, simply died from starvation. Birds, foxes, rats may have declined but certainly not enough to cause a collapse in the food chain.
A plan? No, not anything specific. All he had sought was to get his life back. To thrive, to get pleasure. Maybe find someone; find a woman. Just live a little. One thing he was not going to do was play the game the B’tari and the machine overlords expected of him. Roidon, they must be  thinking, couldn’t possibly even try to eke out a normal life, just settle into obscurity. No, he had to have some grand scheme planned, something to upset the uneasy balance. By whatever orbiting device they were observing him closely, reading his facial expressions, his line of sight, or maybe just some AI with his profile reporting back something that constituted significance. 
It was not as if seeing street after street bereft of anyone had come as a surprise. Only that he had what every living person starts off with on a journey. Hope: the one thing that kept you going in the face of futility. But now his future on this course seemed to spread out in nothing but empty streets. 
So many vehicles left in driveways. He targeted a wealthy area: the fastest autos. Naturally they all had sophisticated security systems. He had to use a laser tool to get through the side shield, inside flashing red and the owner would be informed of the attempt. Secondary security – DNA and face mapping activation. He lasered through the forward console.
‘Please be aware that you are committing a criminal act,’ the car told him. ‘Continuance of any sabotage will result in the authorities being informed.’
‘Yeah, go right ahead,’ Roidon muttered. Oh for the days when cars had keys, or wires that could be shorted.
Eventually he managed to reroute the optronic relays, bypassing the ident security system. Before his eyes a HUD appeared, and then: ‘Do you wish to state a destination?’
‘No,’ he answered. ‘Just assign me manual control.’ Fortunately even in this day and age people preferred their vehicles to be way below Turing standard; just like servile robots. Still that persisting fear of the non-bio sentient. Roidon allowed himself a brief chuckle.
A control stick extruded from a concealed compartment. It had a top button for upward thrust, a front trigger for forward thrust, which seemed wonderfully archaic. A hundred and eighty degree view appeared. On pressing the climb button the vehicle lurched up with a disappointingly gentle thrust. All moderated for the civilian middle aged male, Roidon mused.
Forward was a bit more exhilarating. Maybe just the suggestion of a thrill when he kept the acceleration going, when buildings and the once endless streets now rushed past in a blur. 
To where, then? A place where there are still people. 
‘Assistant. Can you give me a thermal overlay? But do not display anything below twenty degrees.’
‘Complying.’ Eventually most military grade tech became so ubiquitous and cheap it was simply included as an afterthought. He couldn’t imagine it ever being needed; most people either wanted a predetermined destination or just go out for leisurely cruise. 
‘What is the max radius?’
‘Two hundred kilometres but you will need to climb to eighteen thousand kilometres.’
‘Okay. Also highlight any movement.’ 
‘Complying.’
At about Mach-4 Roidon passed through various North American states. Even New York gave no indication of life. There he slowed and descended. Skyscrapers were mostly rubble, it looked like the inhabitants had put up something of a fight. He zoomed in. Grass and weeds of many kinds filled in any gaps, reclaiming the land as if human habitation were merely transitional. Only a few heat signatures, which turned out to be surviving automated systems for power supplies, designed literally to be bomb-proof. Not even a rodent. Still. Post-nuclear without the radiation. So not only human minds had been captured and converted but every mind. What if there was no discrimination between species? How arrogant it was to think of this great dividing line separating humans from every other rather than simply a continuum. Machines designed purely to assimilate biological entities, process them in the way of an artificial enzyme – thought to data. 
Am I meant to feel such despair? Give in to loneliness and succumb to one side or the other?
No. there had to be survivors. For all his doubts about people’s ability. There were simply too many. Cooperation and collective thinking had to devise some means of escape. Or was that merely wishful thinking? What he really needed was a woman; the urge never stronger perhaps here where there were none – the classic psychology of denial. Maybe that is what will break me eventually.
He headed south.
At full altitude he passed over Nevada. Finally a thermal reading came up positive. At first he wondered if it was just the general heat confusing the readings. Slowed, descended. In the desert region, something, someone, had entered a building. He knew this area, it was the site of a  pseudo-religious cult, a masquerade for a resistance movement against the Elusivers. A bunker of sorts. Roidon tried not to see any significance in what may be a random coincidence.
Roidon knew that he was reckless; logic suggested he should not just head towards whoever it was with no stealth. Perhaps having survived this long fostered a false sense of confidence. But trying to hide and failing would be worse. Surely that’s what the Kintra expected.  
He landed the vehicle about two kilometres from the building. There were no hills, no other buildings or anything to provide concealment. So he walked in the baking desert wondering if it really would have made any difference if he’d just landed right outside; at least he could attempt a hasty escape.
That must be the very same building: a simple compound. He was certainly sensing a trap here. He got close. Only one small window. Something was moving inside. The glass was so dirty he could barely make out the moving figure. But when it turned to face him, rather than move away from sight he became fixed to the spot. Unmistakable.
It was himself!
Part Four: Perfect Copies

30

Roidon had been tracked to the last known location in the Nevada desert. Zoraina, in the B’tari control centre, had become increasingly restless sitting before a monitor. Her orders were strict: do not pursue unless subject’s life is clearly in danger. And even though the very possibility she might go to his aid was itself a concession, she had considered disobeying the conditional order ... until her commander’s image appeared, as if he had somehow sensed her intent. 
‘Zoraina,’ he said, ‘We received a report of a crashed vessel containing Torbin Lyndau. We believe it was shot down as part of reprisals after a successful mission. There are likely to be more offensives so we have initialized a security lock-down. Torbin has been recovered. We have his mind-state in storage, running in a virtuality program. But there is a problem. Your assistance is required.’
Damn. It had to be Torbin, she thought. Tribulation Torbin bringing the wrath of the machines upon us. Sent on a mission that was bound to have repercussions. 
She made for her vessel through the tunnel to the hanger, feeling monitored not just by her own kind. That’s what the Machines did; regardless of security, you knew they would find a way through it. Every b’tari she encountered seemed to have a nervous edge about them these days; some tried to hide it, but something in the cadence of their speech betrayed a fearfulness. Understandable. And she wondered if that’s how the Machine overlords wanted it: fear of a thing that can never be dissuaded from its intention, with a proven record of indomitability.  
She set off towards the moon. The Earth shrank away at a giddying rate; without inertial countering she would probably have been killed from a brain haemorrhage. Her craft had the usual stealth tech, invisible to EM, thermal and sonic trackers or any radar systems, and even to the humans’ eye. No reassurance now. It just felt you could only do whatever the Machine overseers allowed you to get away with, and that the B’tari hierarchy – Central Council in particular – refused to accept they were no longer supreme in strategy, or perhaps even in wisdom. This new strategy seemed to make use of the worst elements of Temporal Directive: minimal involvement; using proxies to do the dirty work with only a bare minimum of instructions, only to have to clear up the mess subsequently; and plans that were way to slow to adapt to the rapidly changing situation. Maybe if they hadn’t let organic Roidon escape their outcome would be much improved. He’d be here with a more pro-active strategy instead of roaming about in his typical loose cannon way. 
The two kilometre area of cratered moon rock before her didn’t actually exist; it was a merely a holographic projection hiding the base, suspicious though it may have seemed if anyone observed her craft suddenly disappearing.
The lab was typically both austere and meticulous: light grey workbenches suspended holoscreen monitors covering every aspect of the recovered mind-states, all under efficient white lighting. On one long workbench Zoraina observed what she recognized to be the frontal body sections of three arachnids, hooked up to various sensors, their neural nets writ large on the monitors as fluctuating graphs streamed with data to the side – the meaninglessly recursive subroutines of something that doesn’t know how to respond to its environment.
And then there was Torbin. A shiny black block a centimetre deep and about two long. His entire memory, his life in there, hooked up by cable to some maintenance electronics; his own functions represented in a similarly basic way. There had to be a more in-depth way to know what was going on with him. 
As she watched and wondered, one of the lab technicians approached her. He greeted polite and warmly. And with formality, in B’tar: ‘Dr Kardoz, I am chief technical assistant Zoraka. We welcome your assistance.’ She was so used to not being addressed by that title; it was  very Earth-centric, a result of her anthropology training. 
‘How is he functioning?’ Zoraina enquired.
‘He has been hooked up to a virtual expansion program. It allows the recipient absolute freedom to explore any imagining of their choosing. Or they can merely opt for unconsciousness.’
‘What is his current state?’
‘That’s the problem. His readings are fluctuating between states, but mostly in V-REM – which is how we discovered him. We can normally get an image feed of his virtual experience but that’s not happening, since he is essentially in a sleep state.’
‘But he’s not bio, not alive. How can he be asleep?’
The tech look skywards and smiled. ‘Strange, isn’t it. It must be a learned behaviour, perhaps a defence mechanism following impact trauma.’
‘So. What can I do?’
‘The commander tells me you are uniquely qualified to interact with human culture, therefore it is recommended you link minds with Mr Lyndau.’ Link minds: that sounded way too intimate for comfort.
‘I’m not sure I am suited for this task.’
‘No one else is. The B’tari owes him a debt after such valour.’ 
Even though the thought of coaxing Torbin out of his torpor seemed supremely unappealing, she did feel sorry for him. ‘When do I begin?’
The chief tech smiled, most likely from relief. ‘Well, immediately if you feel ready.’
‘About as ready as I ever will be, I guess.’
The tech hurriedly brought a chair over. Clearly they were expecting her to need an hour or more of persuasion, whereas she just wanted to get it over and done with. 
‘I feel obliged to warn you that there are risks inherent in neural coupling.’ Now he really was making it sound inappropriately intimate!  
‘I’m used to taking risks,’ she said, in the way that a blasé male cadet might – one hoping for promotion.
‘Then if you are comfortable I’ll begin the procedure.’
He placed a headband over her scalp. ‘Please try to relax as much as possible,’ he advised.
Relaxed was the last thing she felt. He went over to a console panel. ‘You will lose all external awareness very quickly,’ he told her. Then gave a command. ‘Activate cortical immersion inducer.’
She was in a starship. It was similar to the lab in its spartan design, except before her was a recumbent couch, of the type used in old rockets. Torbin was laid upon it, seemingly unconscious, with some kind goggle device on a cantilevered arm pressed onto his eyes. She pulled the goggles away from his eyes. He woke with a start.
‘What. You? What are you doing here?’
She sighed. ‘I am here to bring you back.’
He looked perplexed. ‘Back where?’
‘To the real world.’
‘There is no real world,’ he told her. ‘There is only here.’
‘Where is here?’
‘We are approaching a quantum singularity. A black hole if you will.’
‘Why would you want to do that?’
‘Because it’s the only way I can find true oblivion.’
‘I mean why do you want to end your life?’
‘Because I know the truth. That none of it was real, that I am alone.’
‘You are not alone, Torbin. We are here for you.’
‘Oh yes, you – the B’tari – need a lackey, someone to do the dirty work. Well, I know someone else who’d be better suited.’ He smiled bitterly. 
‘If you mean Roidon, he has gone his own way. He doesn’t care about saving humanity.’
Torbin gave a subtle nod. ‘So you thought you’d appeal to the second best choice.’
“It doesn’t work like that. We totally value your insight.” That wasn’t enough, she realized 
‘Sure you do.’
‘And we’re prepared to make a deal. If you work for us we will provide you with an organic body.’
‘What’s the point when I’ll be the only one?’
This was proving more difficult than she expected. ‘So you need a woman? We can provide one for you.’
‘No, not a woman.’
Now she’d resorted to making false promises, why not continue? Then she thought: he won’t be bought off with an obvious bribe, how tempting just to leave him to his self-pitying oblivion. Yet she persisted. ‘There is a way to get it all back. A way that you know – if your memory really has returned.’
‘You are almost tempting me back from the brink.’
‘Almost?’

* * *





31

Me, he thought. How delightful, and horrifying at the same time.
There was nothing else for it. Roidon went up to the heavy-duty metal door, knocked. He had the sense that his presence had already been acknowledged. And when opened by another Roidon, the reaction was not of surprise. “Ah, you must be Roidon.”
‘I must be. But must you be?’
His other self laughed but in a way he didn’t think was characteristic of himself. ‘I try to be, but it isn’t always easy.’ He also grinned in a way that seemed far more inane than he would. He made a wide sweeping gesture. “Do please come in. We have been expecting you after all.’
Inside was a complete contrast. Clean lines of grey console panels; holographic displays. There were two more ‘Roidons’ busying themselves with miscellaneous status readouts. 
‘Firstly,’ Roidon asked as he surveyed the room. ‘Who are you really? I don’t believe you are merely clones.’ 
‘We won’t lie to you, Roidon. We are your old adversaries – commonly known as the Elusivers. We find your identity to be a useful one in many situations.’
Roidon wasn’t a man easily taken by shock, but this time he really felt the need to be seated; his legs felt like jelly. Forcing calm he said, ‘This is somewhat unexpected. Considering you were supposed to have been banished to some distant part of the galaxy.’
The other Roidon produced that grin again. ‘The combined effort of you, Mr Lyndau, the B’tari and our machine overlords did force us to regroup.’
Roidon nodded in acknowledgment ‘And you’re going to remind me how wrong we were in the choosing the Machines over yourselves.’
‘No, we wouldn’t put it so crudely. Anyway, let’s not dwell on the past. We have a common cause now. Why not start work on that?’ 
Roidon shook his head emphatically. ‘No, no. I think you have me mistaken for someone who gives a damn. I have no interest in working towards anything.’
Other Roidon gave a knowing nod. ‘I know what it’s like to become old and jaded. I am two hundred and twenty-five of your years. I went from idealistic to cynical, and then to resigned, over the course of two centuries. Now perhaps I am what you would call … philosophical.’
‘It’s not about being old, it’s about having seen so many good intentions lead to … well, hell. The mistaken belief that there can be a way to perfect humanity, find utopia, or even some lasting homeostasis of a comfortable existence – which in itself can become quite dull.’
‘And so you resign yourself to what? A life of selfish indulgence?’
Roidon smiled this time. ‘Ah, perhaps you do understand me.’
‘I know it does not lead to lasting happiness.’
‘Don’t underestimate the value of mere physical pleasure.’
‘But you can have that and still work to improve life for others.’
‘Others. It’s too late for them. Unless.’
‘Yes, we both know what needs to be done.’
‘I think I’m done with this discussion. I have more places to visit.’
The other Roidon shook his head. ‘I don’t think so. You have one last chance. Will you agree to work with us?’
‘No. I will not.’
‘Very well.’ He produced something from his pocket, and in that moment Roidon realized what he should have said. The device was so small as to be hardly visible. But it was of no surprise what happened next. It was over mercifully quickly, like switching off a light.

* * *





32

‘An organic body? Then---’
‘Yes, I should have mentioned. We need you to do one last mission.’
First thing Torbin saw upon waking in the B’tari lab: the monstrosity that had become his new body; very similar to the one the Machines had put him in. He said to the b’tari woman, ‘Really? The last one? Another spy mission?’
‘The only way to infiltrate---’
‘Just a second. Was anything you promised me genuine, or more bullshit to keep me putting my life on the line for your Central Council?’
‘You were prepared to die only ten hours ago.’
‘Yes, on my own terms rather than be dissected by a Kintra machine.’
‘Torbin, do you not realize we are currently at war?’
‘And I’m a soldier, is that it?’
‘Take a look.’ Zoraina made a sign gesture and there appeared a projection. It was the outside of the moon-base, being constantly bombarded by conventional explosives.
‘So is this the consequence of my previous mission?’
‘Their commander of assimilation operations is off-line. The virus you transmitted rewrote his – its – neural net. He cannot be restored.’
‘Right.’ Torbin got to his feet with a military precision. ‘I know just what might stop them.’
‘Yes they do want you, dead or alive. That is not the point.’ She put a hand on his metal shoulder, with a tenderness that even this body felt, that was immediately disarming.
He turned to look at her.
‘Torbin. Please trust me.’ This time he believed the sincerity in her voice. ‘You will have to go to the heart of their operations.’
He followed her to what appeared to be a lift shaft. She said to him, ‘This will take you to our alternative hanger. You will receive further instructions in due course. Good luck, Torbin.’
Luck!?

He got into the upright pod, standing as though it was a lift. It had bars on either side. The moment he grabbed them the pod started moving downwards at such a rate he had to stop himself from hitting the top; sections of shaft plating were almost a blur, even with his enhanced perception.
It slowed to a stop, not indicating where. A few seconds to wonder if there had been a malfunction. Then: a gentle acceleration forwards, a horizontal trajectory. The B’tari emergency escape route. Would the Machines still think he was in the B’tari base? He found it difficult to believe they’d be so easily outwitted; grunts they may be, but even without their commander there’d always be another to take command. No powerful fighting force could presume success without factoring in the worst case scenario; short term pessimists were often the best survivors. 
No point fearing capture, but only to consider it a possibility. His greatest fear had already been lived. The fear of being truly alone in the world. Everything that mattered now gone. Even memories lost to him. Now, it felt like there could never be anyone special in his life, or any life resembling normality. The Torbin of old, of only a month ago, seemed like a different person. The memories of that person were no more real than a dream. At times seeming less real: generated from without, but like most dreams any verisimilitude evaporated when viewed through the frame of another reality. Recapture could even bring him mercy – in either the oblivion of death; or if they were feeling particularly merciful, a return to his former virtual life of a man with a wife and family, and the possibility of an illicit romance. And the erasure of any life outside. Funny how that now seemed like an indulgence too far, and now this ‘mission’ was to be his punishment. 
The pod halted with a jolt. The doors parted, opening into a suddenly illuminated hanger. Then text came up on his HUD, instructing him which of the craft to approach. Of course it had to be the smallest, a dull silver elongated egg-shape; probably the most expendable.
Once the interior seat had moulded around him, effectively locking him in place, the craft shot out through what appeared to be moon rock but must have been a holographic projection concealing an opening. Here was a new level of sub light velocity he’d never before experienced; the craft was pulling thirty-four gees. He imagined that no amount of inertial damping would’ve prevented his flesh version from becoming a haemorrhaged mess. It seemed this vessel was tailored especially for him. 
In only a few minutes he was beyond Mars, and then in some kind of hyperspace – the stars had merged into a tunnelled morass of white. Not typically like a wormhole but something he couldn’t explain. He’d given up trying to understand B’tari tech, wasn’t supposed to anyway, such was their strict code of non cultural interference. But since his diversion into the virtual world he had lost track of any relevant research; nothing truly on the cutting edge even though it had seemed just that – part of the illusion of leading a fulfilling life. 
Until I stopped being fulfilled, until I broke the program.
The ship came out of hyperspace. Torbin had no idea of his whereabouts in the galaxy. Perhaps if he’d had enough knowledge of the stars; if he’d had a data-assistant... In any case, ignorance was probably for the best: knowledge a dangerous thing when the person possessing it is viewed simply as its vessel. 
As the ship cruised along at about five percent of light a display appeared – a red blob, the identity of which he didn’t need to be informed.
Now slowing abruptly. The red blob had become a green wireframe vector. Growing to become a complex of interlinked sections, like, yes, he thought, a spider’s web. It reflected no light, just a delineated dark shape. Nearer and nearer.
Now it filled the forward viewscreen. His ship was passing underneath it. A central hub revealed itself, like a dark quasar. Then: a jolt. He’d stopped. The seat un-moulded itself. Text now appeared in his HUD: LOCATE MAGNAGRAPPLE BEHIND SEAT.  LEAVE B’TARI VESSEL. 
Torbin looked behind him to find a burnished grey trunk with large latches. The device within looked like a plunger with a cable attached, extruding out from a ceramic cylinder, with an attached shoulder strap. He put it round his shoulder like a sling and did as instructed.
Leaving the B’tari ship, he felt what amounted to fear. A hypothalamus setting off adrenaline, but no arteries to channel it; a feeling that he should suffocate, but no lungs to breath. The vastness of space, the unfamiliar stars, could all be a simulation. And yet knowing it was real, knowing that ship was his only life-line--- 
‘Focus, Torbin. Focus,’ he told himself. 
The ship was connected to an inner arm of the complex with a grapple and cable along which he shimmied. His HUD instructions told him how to fire the plunger. Once attached to the complex he let go of the ship’s cable and allowed himself to be reeled in. A fly being drawn into a spider’s web. The complex was still dark, as if space itself had been cut out – a negative form. For a reason, he thought; a hidden malevolence. IR readings were no different to background. He dared not use illumination, only faint ultrasonic echoes. He stopped at reaching distance from the shell. He imagined there was no laser cutter in existence that would cut through whatever exotic metal this may be. Of course, the B’tari appreciated the near impossibility, they had sent probes – all destroyed, naturally. So the only solution: a singularity generator. The device – a five centimetre cone – fixed to the invisible surface, clung on electromagnetically, activated by a voice code which helpfully appeared in his HUD. For what felt like at least a minute nothing seemed to be happening. Then … his sonic imager displayed a curvature in the surrounding material. Spreading to over a metre. And with a suddenness that made him jump, the cone disappeared, presumably into its own singularity, revealing an aperture of dull red, just big enough for him to slip through. He expected a rush of air, then realized they would have no need for it. Always the expectation of being detected. His optics enhanced the light. He was in a tunnel so confined he had to crawl along.
What was he even looking for? 
‘Instructions?’ he asked the silent AI.
Nothing. So he carried on crawling. Then: THERE IS A BIO-SIGNATURE ONE HUNDRED AND TWENTY METRES, TWO O’CLOCK FROM YOUR POSITION. 
‘Great. All I can do is continue on.’
After about five minutes Torbin emerged into a taller corridor, extending in three directions: ahead and either side.
‘So?’
TURN RIGHT. CONTINUE ON. He could not see any detail. He imagined there would be doors. But then reassessed. He was thinking in human terms – and that was comforting. 
STOP. He turned to face the side wall. Completely smooth metal.
PLACE SINGULARITY GENERATOR ON WALL. He complied. The device did its thing. He knew he had to step through immediately the hole had formed.
The same dull red lighting, but also a large fluid-filled tank; an array of connecting tubes leading to a silver box displaying floating symbols. But his attention was drawn swiftly back to the tank. The creature stood suspended a few centimetres from the base. It was taller than him, perhaps two and half metres. It was spindly of limbs. Its head: narrow, like a stretched caricature of a b’movie alien. But it looked familiar. Torbin was sure he had seen it before or at least one of its kind. He was transfixed. At first not even aware of the bold warning: LEAVE THIS ROOM IMMEDIATELY. ARTIFICIAL LIFEFORM APPROACHING. And then as if to illustrate the threat, a prominent red dot nearing his tag.
‘Okay!’ He ran back through the hole along a corridor. But the creature, the arachnid, was gaining on him despite running four times faster than a human. 
There was no other option but to confront it. He knew enough about them to know it was most likely a guard drone. It was extending a tendril, questing for a vulnerable point. But he managed to grab the tendril and wrench it off the creature. He then punched the dark oval band of if its optical sensor. A crack appeared. The creature reeled back. Torbin continued his offensive with a surety he had not expected. He finally punched under its dome body, in a place he knew to be most vulnerable. 
The creature collapsed. But he knew there would be more. That an alert had been sent out. Still, he tore it apart as if it were made of thin aluminium tubing. That will send a message not to mess with SuperTorbin, he mused. Or it will trigger a more robust countermeasure. He considered a way of hiding the evidence. 
Not time. Not time at all.

* * *





33

Zoraina had another ten minutes before setting off. She stared at the screen, at a ramshackle building amidst the parched ground. 
They had let her keep monitoring Roidon as something of an afterthought, something to keep her occupied. ‘Until the next mission,’ her commander said, ‘we need someone to maintain an active observation...’ Active meant her rather than the monitor program that would alert her commander if Roidon did something erratic or simply go off grid. Well, this time he had indeed gone off grid. The orbiting observer lost track of him in the Nevada desert, in some (what appeared to be) abandoned compound. She thought about suggesting the deployment of a robot probe to enter, but realized if anything was going to arouse suspicion.
No. Zoraina herself was going to visit there, as stealthily as B’tari tech allowed. She insisted on it, on going alone, against the wishes of her commander. In effect she had to sign a waver to bear full responsibility for anything going wrong. She was going to rescue him. The prospect was truly delicious, he’d be indebted to her. How would that affect his sense of masculinity? Independent-minded Roidon, dependent on a female, albeit a B’tari; her kind had been his benefactors for centuries now, a fact he seemed keen to ignore.
But on the journey in her ‘invisible’ craft doubts began to creep in. She thought again about his psych profile. Roidon had a tendency to not be restricted by the fear most sapients experience as a useful survival mechanism. He had no fear of death, and that risk-taking trait although on one level an attractive quality, had the disadvantage of getting him killed. Also his arrogance, his surety likewise attractive but not great for survival. So how did that fit in with the evolutionary natural selection process? For millennia it was a trait common to most young humans, but unlike Roidon they regarded themselves as immune from death. The risk-taker impressing the potential mate for his potential to bring back the big prize, whether it be a Wildebeest or the market-share high stakes venture. Risking life or livelihood, it was merely a matter of context. Of course, all that risk-taking business had been drummed out of B’tari males centuries ago. What was the point of putting your life or future on the line when the good life was already awaiting? The ultimate culture of fairness. And as for winning The Girl; well, they could get all their basic needs attended to in the virtual realm. That certainly lessened the incentive, as it had to some extent in human society. Yet, recently, there had emerged a growing movement within her culture for a return to the old ways – when the B’tari had barely begun working the land of their homeworld. Ultimately, a culture in which everything was provided in equal measure became lacking in progress, in innovation, they argued. Maybe it had been so for the species that bore the now-dominant machines. It had certainly been the case for hers; though in light of recent troubles that was now something of a mute point. The B’tari needed threats to keep an edge. But they also needed mavericks like Roidon.
The craft landed about a kilometre from the compound. Now the nerves really kicked in. Despite all her accoutrements – scanner, phase gun, stealth transponder set to activate when her heart rate exceeded a certain threshold, or indeed if it stopped – nothing could allay the fear that Roidon was in trouble, had been lured into it. 
She reached the compound; her scanner gave no thermal reading, no EM activity. Nevertheless, it didn’t make her confident the place was empty. Yet the ancient door was not even properly shut. It seemed there had been a hasty escape. Inside in the underground section there was nothing but bare rotting furniture with its accompanying musty smell. She entered one of the bedrooms, and gasped at what she saw on the moth-eaten mattress. It was just a skeleton in wisps of mouldy rags. But what disturbed her so was that anyone could be left like this. All those years. Or was it the machines, taking a life, stripping it bare after capturing another mind – just more information? No, the machines took everything; in their reasoning nothing can be wasted. Or maybe they simply did not want to leave a pile of human remains, maybe they knew how emotive that would seem. Here, perhaps, was one of the few remaining refuges where someone could actually die of old age. There must be a number of these isolated bunkers, she surmised, containing people who had enough time to escape the machine sweep; isolated, lonely, frightened, starving with resources dwindling. But still preferable to being – consumed. Perhaps this man had been one such. She felt the desperate need to search them out, take them back to the comfort of the B’tari base where resources were virtually unlimited. Could she make a case for this? Like bringing a near extinct species of animal into captivity; continuing the human race. After all, it had been accepted that the Machine-captured were lost – dead, just code running in a substrate. 
Surely Central Council had considered saving the human race, a cause perfect for their paternalistic ministrations. Deliberating even by their ponderous speed must have resulted in a ruling, if not a process already set in train. 
Reporting Roidon’s disappearance, her confirmation of it, was enough. But also the anomaly that this could happen without detection. No anomaly was ever left unresolved where the B’tari were concerned.

* * *





34

The arachnid was broken, mangled. As he stood staring, a message appeared in text before him: RETRIEVE BIOLOGICAL LIFEFORM. So simple, then, he thought. Linked to his scanner, sensing the opportunity. Snap decision time. No time to think or for doubts. They were coming for him, surely. Yet he ran back to the place. 
The moment before he entered the biosign green dot winked out. Gone as if materialized Even the surrounding equipment. Now the scanner was telling him the life-sign was over three hundred metres away. It was still isolated from any tell-tale EM signatures of arachnids but only by a few tens of metres. He pushed through sliding doors, nearer and nearer and still they did not approach. Then, it seemed, they’d got the measure of him and were not challenging. But when he’d got to the point where they must be the other side of the wall, the doubts crept in. A winking red dot, but the scanner and whatever subsentient AI assisted was nothing more than a guide. His call. His burden. His time.
He called it. Got away from there. Stopped a few doors further along the dim red corridor. ‘Give me location of central operations.’
PROCESSING REQUEST. CONNECTING WITH OUTSIDE SCANNING UNIT ... CANNOT DEFINITIVELY IDENTIFY. HOWEVER THERE IS A CONCETRATION OF DATA USAGE AND QUANTUM PROCESSING 1.5 KM FROM YOUR LOCATION. Another basic red dot appeared amid a simple outlined map. Without hesitation he headed towards it. Right into the central hub of their operations; they’d surely not expect that!
‘Give me additional detail of location.’
THERE IS A STRONG NEGATIVE ENERGY FIELD SURROUNDING. CANNOT ELUCIDATE. RECOMMEND CAUTION. 
‘Caution smaution. What have I got to lose?’
YOUR BIOMEMETIC INTEGRITY.
‘What does that even mean?’ He had a sense of what it meant, but he needed a philosophical answer.
‘That you will cease functioning as a conscious-autonomous entity,’ spoke the AI in a neutral male voice that still jolted Torbin back in surprise.
‘You mean I will go on autopilot?’
‘The mechanoid system will be under my control.’
‘---To steer me to safety?’
‘Yes.’
‘How special am I!’
‘Your tone indicates that is not a question. Please indicate if otherwise.’
Running at full speed now, towards the red dot. Run, don’t think about it. Surely if he thought it through logically – the lack of information, of detail, for risk assessment – it had to be too risky. He counted on the Kintra-machines making that calculation.
And now just on the other side of the wall. He felt like a child curious about some mystery of the adult world, the centre of operations that they never told you about but that you knew was there keeping things running.
There was no door so he used his remaining singularity device. If he had a heart it would be beating at its limit. Instead he felt a creeping trepidation at the fringes of his consciousness, like a tide trying to break through a crumbling sea defence barrier. Logic here was not his greatest ally, he surmised; he needed to follow whatever remaining vestige of human intuition that had carried through with his memory. Was it only an attempt to hold on to some faint shadow of a human psyche? He was about to find out. He stepped through.
The Earth. The globe suspended, complete with moon and man-made orbiting satellites. 
‘Analyses what I am seeing.’
INITIAL ANALYSIS: PROJECTED SIMULATION OF PLANET EARTH. Now in text. Torbin waited what felt like a few minutes but may have only been seconds. SECONDARY: PROJECTED POINTS WITHIN PLANET FROM HIGHLY DENSE DATA PROCESSING UNITS.
‘Can I interface with one of them?’
TURN ONE HUNDRED AND TWENTY DEGREES. A green tag appeared, overlaying a panel that glowed iridescently as if somehow alive. He approached. EXTENDING INTERFACE PROBE. SCANNING FOR CODE MATCH. EXTEMPORIZING. HIGH PROCESSING INTENSITY. CANNOT FEED THROUGH. CANNOT DOWNLOAD. ATTEMPTING FILTER. CREATING TEMPORARY PARTITION.
‘Just tell me: what are those points projected onto that globe?’
He waited about another minute. THEY ARE HUMAN AND LOWER FORM ANIMAL SIMULATIONS.
‘What do you mean? They’re recreations of real people?’
AFFIRMATIVE. I HAVE ISOLATED TWENTY-SEVEN INDIVIDUALS. THEY MATCH WITH KNOWN HUMAN CAPTUREDS. THIS APPEARS TO BE A TYPICAL SAMPLE.
‘So, all of them – everyone that was captured?’
CANNOT CONFIRM. HOWEVER INITIAL ANALYSIS EXTRAPOLATION SUGGESTS EVERY HUMAN HAD BEEN RECREATED.
‘Fuuking hell!’
‘No. Replicated Earth.’ 
‘This is their second experiment, right? The first one failed, failing at least. This is plan-b. Recreating everything from scratch.’
‘That would appear to be the case. Yet to confirm. Data is off the scale.’
‘I bet it is! Every environmental condition. Every memory! I’m sure they just think they’re living a normal life.’ Torbin couldn’t decide whether he was more fascinated than horrified.
‘There is a high probability of that.’
‘What do I do now? I mean, what are the options?’
‘I can remain and collect the maximum information storable, or we can leave now with a greater chance of survival.’
Is this to be a defining moment, one where whatever decision I make will hang with me for the rest of my life? These moments were often never given enough thought; he had a sense that in the past he would take the easy and safe option. The panic option. 
Not this time, he thought. 
‘Then collect data,’ he told the AI. ‘But no rescuing any bioentity this time, right?’
‘Correct. Priority is escape. However, there is a problem. Hostiles approaching.’

* * *





35

The first face he saw was his own. Or rather an exact likeness. He had been moved to a place of white and grey walls with silver panelling. Some kind of starship, he surmised. He had no sensation of a body to move. His vision was fixed forward. 
The being got nearer. Spoke. ‘Roidon. I am sure you’re struggling to appreciate right at this moment just how fortunate you are to be here.’
‘Fortunate,’ he said, in his mind at least. ‘Fortunate did not even occur to me. Foolish: that word occurred to me. Foolish to allow myself to walk into a trap.’
‘No trap, Roidon. Destiny.’
The room rotated. An operating table hove into view. The figure, fully illuminated, was himself. Himself minus the top of his head. 
‘Yes, that is you,’ the being said. ‘We have a cybernetic body ready for you, identical to the version of your former self. But be reassured, the organic will remain preserved.’
‘Why? Why do you need me at all? You have the resources to do whatever you want.’
‘Our resources are severely diminished. We are a hunted race. Many of our kind have fled to another galaxy. Those of us who remain are but a battalion against an army. An army we helped to create. An army that knows everything about us.’
‘Then what difference can I possibly make?’ 
‘You are regarded with affection by the Kintra. We have monitored your interactions.’
‘The Kintra overseer regards me in the same way as a human might a pet monkey.’
‘Nevertheless---’
‘Nevertheless I can be of no useful help.’
‘We will see.’ The alien looked away. Waved an arm. ‘Begin the process.’
Robot arms held him – his brain in a tank – aloft. Placed him on a ceramic-looking table. Then four-fingered metal hands reached into the tank. The scene wobbled now and Roidon felt a surge of dull pain and dizziness. His cybernetic form sat inert upright as if in rapt attention. The robot inserted a tool in the back of the cyborg’s head causing the top half to slide away. Roidon was then slowly lowered into it. His vision again wobbled violently. He felt a pressing sensation on each eye as it was positioned into a cup, fixing and then overlaying his sight with graphics. Back in jail, he thought. He was just a brain, observing.
‘Your new shell has significant advantages over your previous one,’ informed the alien. ‘This will aid in your primary task.’
Roidon, as far as he could tell, had no facility for speech – currently. Of course they knew he would object to what would be a suicide mission.’
‘Your assignment: Return to the Kintra base and extricate our commander. There you will encounter an ally of yours who is attempting the same objective for the B’tari. He is not allowed to succeed, even if it means terminating him.’ 
‘Torbin?’
‘Correct.’ 
‘Why choose me? I have no particular qualification. Or is it simply because you regard me as expendable?’
‘We will not put another of our own in jeopardy.’
‘Well, an honest answer at least. But, logically, I am less likely to succeed.’ 
‘If you are unable to achieve your objective you must kill the commander. It will be a mercy, I assure you.’
A few seconds later everything in the room began to slide upwards. Nauseated but knowing he could not vomit. 
What’s happening? Not like speech, a quiet thought.
‘You are being lowered into a starship.’
From then onwards everything happened so quickly it would leave any b’tari in awe. He had docked with the Kintra complex in what felt like a few minutes. Instructions followed, firstly prompting him to activate something called a null mass field (a simplified translation for his benefit, it seemed, as if he were just an ordinary human). He could pass through into the Kintra complex as if it didn’t even exist. He allowed himself a brief sense of one-upmanship. The Kintra had a strategy based only on what they could observe; they may have kept records of their old adversary but those records could not have been updated. His advantage was action before they had time to adapt to the new hybrid: himself. Here was the chance to be in a position of leverage. 
Still, the mission.
Roidon jumped through walls, on a direct course towards Torbin. In the process the inevitable encounters with arachnid drones, whose combat techniques he knew, knew like the most basic and natural skill, and thus easily defeated. Torbin was in a place of high data activity, and yet he was not near their commander. Roidon decided to continue towards Torbin. Everything felt like it was happening at a rushed paced, that there was no time to consider the risks, that his belief of being in control was but a fragile illusion. 
The question ever present in his mind but not fully analyses: Would I kill my old friend? 
Not if he could help it.
He found Torbin in a corridor surrounded by Kintra soldiers. But there was one of a darker shade he suspected to be a superior. When it spotted Roidon’s presence it issued: IDENTIFY YOURSELF as a voice translation into his head.
Roidon ignored that and instead spoke to Torbin. ‘Looks to me that you might be in trouble.’
Torbin, in a similar form to his self, just stared. The arachnid persisted: IDENTIFY YOURSELF OR YOU WILL BE ELIMINATED.
Roidon ‘de-massed’ then passed through the arachnid. Attached a de-massing device to Torbin’s arm, and told him: ‘follow me.’
They ran through walls. The arachnids had retreated, understanding when a superior technology was in play; to upgrade, Roidon suspected. Torbin was still not communicating but followed obediently. 
They got to the room that held the alien commander. How powerless he looked: the tall spindly creature. Possibly the most advanced species in the galaxy, and here he was – enslaved by machines, like the mythical Dr Frankenstein captured by his monster. 
Roidon considered all his non-compliant alternatives, before considering how he would be second guessed. Then Torbin interrupted his train of thought, finally speaking: ‘That’s not the priority any more. There is something more important.’
‘Look, Torbin,’ Roidon said, thinking he should keep with the program for now. ‘I have to stay within the parameters of my mission or the Elusivers will be onto my case. You remember them don’t you: tall, dark and scary ... and extremely powerful – when they’re free to roam.’ 
‘Oh, sure, deceptively harmless when trust up.’
‘Then you understand the kind of scrutiny we’re under. And that it doesn’t make us any more than pawns in this war.’
‘Expendable. I get it. And when they declare war it’s serious. But there is something more important than their leader.’
Roidon stopped abruptly. ‘What could possibly be more important?’
Torbin stopped in sync, turned round to face him. ‘A simulation of the entire Earth.’
‘No. I don’t think so.’
‘I mean an accurate simulation, down to individual minds.’
‘Interesting. You have evidence?’
‘About two hundred exabytes.’
‘A mere sample then. Give me the map data.’
Torbin pulsed it into Roidon’s optronic receptor. He zoomed rapidly into the area of Nevada in which he’d been taken by the Elusivers. It even displayed the grains on the compound’s wooden panels. ‘Alright,’ he conceded. ‘That is significant. But we are rescuing this Elusiver.’
Roidon detached the feed cables. He hoisted the alien out of the tank, then clamped over its face a device that provided the correct mix of air. The creature did not wake, thankfully. He had a thermal-shielded stretcher bag that unfolded from a pack on his side. Torbin even tried to assist but only proved useful in helping to carry the alien out.
‘Here’s the plan,’ Roidon began. ‘We take your ship. Mine will be sent back on auto, to hopefully create a distraction.’
‘Hopefully,’ Torbin intoned.
Arachnids were approaching rapidly. Torbin also seemed to be aware of the imminent threat, following Roidon unquestioningly. 
In the outer corridor and only a few metres from Torbin’s ship the arachnids were in sight. The lead Kintra fired something which caught Torbin. He collapsed. Another blast then hit Roidon. His HUD display scrambled and he felt dizzy; the vulnerability of a human mind. But he knew still where the ship was located, so forged on, supporting Torbin as well as the alien slung on his back. 
He jumped through the outer wall. At first he wondered if it was his imagination but there seemed to be resistance. No, something was wrong. He had just managed to get Torbin through when his own foot became trapped.
With one arm he kept hold of Torbin. With the other he reached for a plasma cutter, and worked away at his ankle. The de-masser had failed completely, no doubt caused by whatever the arachnid had fired at him. Inevitable that they’d adapt, but so soon?
Whilst he continued cutting away he felt a pressure on his foot. Of course no pain but an awareness that something was being done to it. Perhaps examining it in order to incorporate his tech into their database.
Finally he was free. And pleasantly surprised to see a stem, something akin to an ankle bone grow in replacement. But no time to wait for it to complete. He hobbled towards the complex outer shell. Unable to find a discernible exit. His plasma cutter had no effect. He checked Torbin for weapons, and discovered the singularity device. His HUD back to normal, giving him analysis of the ship. He manoeuvred to the area identified as the airlock. PULSE LINK ID REQUIRED it told him. He couldn’t enter the craft without Torbin, who was still out of action. He looked at Torbin. ‘Analyses object in sight,’ he ordered his AI. ‘Advise quickest method to reactivate.’
ELECTRICAL STIM FROM INTERFACE. PROCEED?
“Yes.” A tendril extended. It quested about for an interface, and found a spot at the back of Torbin’s neck. A few seconds later Torbin lurched awake. The benign monster.
‘What? Where?’ 
‘Unlock your ship.’
‘OK.’ 
An ovoid object, a shuttle craft or a probe, had left the complex on a steady course towards them. They got in the ship just as the object had reached them. It was now in forward view. The thought occurred to him that it had every opportunity to fire, to kill, but it appeared to be observing. With what he had in his possession it seemed inconceivable that the object would let them go without firing a shot. Already it must be scanning the ship, determining how to disable it, how to extract them.
Torbin got in the forward seat. They were backing away, turning away from the probe. And then into hyperspace.
Torbin, in obviousness, said, ‘I’m amazed it let us go. It must be following.’
‘Torbin, there will never be any escape from the Kintra,’ Roidon said in counter obviousness. ‘They have to be destroyed; it’s a zero sum equation.’
‘How – how did you get such advanced tech?’
‘---And why didn’t you? This is not the B’tari.’
‘Then who?’
‘If you remember your previous life then you might not want to hear this, but I am being helped by your old foes the Elusivers.’
‘I remember enough to know what it means to make a deal with the Devil.’
Roidon kept his eyes fixed on the viewscreen, half expecting to see the Kintra probe, but all he saw was the mashed light of stars formed into a white tunnel. The B’tari had progressed beyond the use of wormholes to a method that created a null Higgs field around the vessel; zero interaction with any particle. Effectively massless, similar to the technology used in his suit. Of course, it was far more complicated than that; there still had to be a method of power generation way beyond the scope – if not the comprehension – of any Earthling. Only the Kintra: they had to deal with an even greater foe. Surely they had figured it out, had adapted. And yet, for now, they didn’t seem to have the edge. For now his greatest concern had to be their erstwhile arch-foe the Elusivers, who’d see his return to the B’tari base as a betrayal. Either way he was in deep.’
The B’tari vessel switched back into normal space in orbit around Earth’s moon. Torbin informed the base commander, saying simply, ‘I’m back and have been successful.’ Then: ‘Beginning landing procedure.’
‘Thank you for not mentioning me,’ Roidon said. ‘No really. They think I’m a loose cannon, would probably not allow you back.’
‘A loose cannon. Of course.’ 
‘In any case, they’d certainly not expect me to be integrated into this body.’
‘Do you prefer the way you are now?’ Torbin wondered.
‘Hell, no! I had no choice in the matter. They’ve kept my body as a means of insurance.’
The ship passed through the holographic crater rim into the hanger. ‘When I get out I’ll have to announce you’re here,’ Torbin told him. ‘Unless you’d like to surprise them.’
‘I’m tempted, but of course you should prepare them.’
A B’tari representative was already in the hanger. Torbin exited the ship to a warm greeting. He then began talking, and for twenty seconds or so the B’tari was nodding enthusiastically. Then, as if he had received the most unwelcome and shocking news, opened his mouth and turned his attention to the ship. He then spoke into his wrist, took a few steps back and retreated away. 
Roidon jumped out of the ship, startling Torbin, who then said, ‘You’re not really him are you?’
‘Him?’
‘Roidon Chanley’s here. Flesh and blood Roidon.’
‘No. You don’t understand. I’m the real Roidon. That’s … one of the Elusivers.’
‘The B’tari are not stupid, nor lax in their security. They run tests, they scan every molecule, every neural connection.’
‘Still. It must be a clone. An imprinted one perhaps.” Now several B’tari had appeared, carrying weapons. Not something he would ever imagine witnessing.
‘Do not try anything hostile,’ said the lead one. ‘We have you overpowered.’
‘I won’t,’ he told them calmly. ‘I surrender. But be warned, that man who claims to be me is a clone. And I will prove it.’
‘We’ll see.’
Roidon allowed himself to be handcuffed, wondering whether he had really made the right decision. Go back to the Elusiver and be their slave or be here as a captive. Either way, things were not looking promising.

* * *





36

Just as she had left the abandoned compound the message came through into her neural link. Translated it read: STATUS UPDATE: ROIDON HAS RETURNED. NEW OBJECTIVE: SEEK OUT ALIEN ENTITIES AKA THE ELUSIVERS.  RECONFIGURING SCANNER.  ALIEN TARGET WILL APPEAR AS GREEN TRIANGLES.
Had Roidon really been the cooperative asset, encountered the Elusivers to record their biosignature for the B’tari database? One of three sides – an isosceles triangle, no enemy’s enemy, just a lesser enemy. Ever since the start of this war she had doubted the Council, thought they seemed craven in their leave-it-to-the-humans strategy. Now their confidence had extended to her as a human in form, skirting the edges of the Temporal Directive and then exploiting that loophole. What had Roidon told them that made them think she could be of use? Or was it simply that sending her was a shot to nothing, that she was expendable?
Whatever. The element of danger actually excited her. The restricting arms of caution now totally released. 
Zoraina got back in her craft, switched scanner to main viewer, which now extended its range according to altitude. Nothing, so she climbed to the edge of space. An eight thousand kilometre radius range, and still nothing. She waited, not knowing what to do. Then … the first triangle appeared, followed by another and another; masked from detail, she could only speculate.
Something about their location that worried her. It was in the Amazon jungle, where she had worked with a tribe, the tribe who worked with those super-advanced aliens. Now, that meant trouble. She ordered the craft to head towards that location. Now her heart was thudding furiously.
It only took a nerve jangling ten minutes to arrive at a landing point less than a kilometre from the tribe’s base. But already the green triangles had disappeared. When she got to the tribal huts she found door hatches opened. She stepped inside the hut she remembered containing all the equipment for observing and communicating with the aliens. It was bare. But there was a body, the corpse of a man she had formed a friendship with, had made love with. And now he was lifeless. But still warm. She used her med-scanner. It told her severe neural trauma, in other words his brain had been fried; but less than an hour ago. Murdered. For what? Because he was no longer any use to them? They had gotten everything they needed from him and then made sure no one else could. Something did not seem right here. For all their desire to eradicate advanced life, the Elusivers were not known for casually extinguishing life. 
Should she stay and try to gain evidence, or get back in her craft for a probably futile pursuit, in the name of following mission objective? 
The alternative she presently considered went to very heart of B’tari philosophical thinking. Whether life had any spiritual significance, or just that all living things were no more than biological machines. What would it mean to bring it back, this shadow of the original version?
No time to ponder that grey area of ethics. There were no other ways of obtaining evidence, no recording devices could penetrate these walls, at least not while the electronic array had been in place; the inhabitants had taken the precaution of isolating their habitats. Ironically, that would have alerted attention of the Machine overlords – and yet they had done nothing. Maybe the effort too great against those so determined to resist. Or maybe it was because of who they had collaborated with. But at what price?
She slid the half-band over the man’s forehead. The metal device contained a series of electrogenic transmitter/receivers, connected to which an old-style cable to a junction box. In appearance it could have been a technology from two hundred years ago, but this ensured against remote detection.
She pressed the simple activation button. She waited. Currently, it would be forcing his brain’s metabolic system to go into an extreme overdrive, forcing the repair of severed connections. This process, however, far from guaranteed any effective restoring of memory; it was merely trying to guess a pattern based on a template of how a human neural structure should look, like the error correction in reconstructing ultra-compressed data. 
Nothing for for over ten minutes. Then ... the man lurched upright like the apocryphal Frankenstein’s monster. His head darted from side to side. Zoraina flinched. She wondered if she had the gain turned up too high. With so much damaged she figured his brain needed extra stimulation, but mostly it was her impatience. Well, there had not been time to do a full scan to determine this.
‘Ahh. Ahhh,’ he said. Her translation program kicked in. This was not language.
She tried, ‘Can you understand my words?’
‘Huh.’ It wasn’t even a question. Perhaps she’d brought back no more than some tragic impression of sentient life.
‘It’s Zoraina. I have a question.’
‘Zor … ai-na.’
‘Can you tell me about the aliens?’
‘Dark. Tall. Murders.’
Okay, that was enough. She’d given the basic respect to a reanimated life in compliance with the Temporal Directive. So Zoraina fired a stun ray. The man collapsed without another sound. She then downloaded the reading from the neural regenerator, ran it through her PDU, which sent into her mind a blurry image of the tall dark figure; enough to confirm (at least in her mind) that it was one of the so-called Elusivers. It was some of the evidence that the Council demanded. But they’d want a primary visual record to sanction the Iridian protocol – only ever used where these aliens were concerned, such was their threat. Perhaps now it was all the more insidious that they could offer a solution to the Machines. 
And you foolish humans bought into their solution to the point it got you killed.
She fired his weapon once more to kill the man she had once loved in that special way that her race had so envied from their sanitized and distant position of observing.
Now there was only one course of action. Pursuit … at all cost.
Part Five: New for Old
37

The first thing he noticed were birds – their twittering and fluttering in some kind of excitement. Then, when sight came, a forest. Very high trees. More noises, a shrill whooping. A monkey swinging from branch to branch. Now a hammering against bark. The sun shining down in bursts through the canopy.
He sat up. And only then did he remember his name: Torbin Lyndau. He also remembered he used to be in a body of metal. No, more than that, he was artificial, or at least a substantial part of him – though even the organic part was not original. His entire self an accurate representation of a man who had lived and lost so much. Yet here he sat on the floor of some rainforest, as human-looking – and feeling – as he had ever remembered being. It was his wish, and they had granted it. 
That final mission.
‘I’m alive,’ he heard himself say.
And alone. And without anything. Well, they hadn’t promised him anything other than to bring him back into flesh and blood. But that flesh felt vulnerable. He was never strong, he remembered, never confident in his prowess. Torbin the man only nominally, it so often felt. This was one of those times.
‘Well. Good,’ he told himself. No longer the false sense of security of a metal shell, that preternatural strength. Instead the purity of naked existence. Except he was wearing clothes: a blue thin cotton shirt and light trousers. And what was that tattooed in the back of his hand? A black triangle, slightly raised, each side less than a centimetre long. A credit chip, he realized What use would that be out here, with nowhere to spend it? Was this even Earth?
He got off the floor. Started walking, not knowing in which direction. This was deep forest, possibly the Amazon. At least he was wearing walking boots. The voice startled him. ‘To reach your vehicle, turn round until indicated.’
‘Who are you?’
‘Your personal assistant.’ The voice seemed to be in his head, perfectly androgynous. ‘Do you wish to reach your vehicle?’
‘Okay. Yes.’
‘Then turn---’
‘Alright!’ 
He complied. It then instructed him to proceed forward, and he found himself walking into a clearing. 
At first, difficult to identify. A large khaki-green arrowhead shape but less flat, converging to a point. His car? A rectangular opening suddenly appeared. He entered without hesitation, thinking how the B’tari had after all recognized he was due for a reward.
The display systems were quite traditional. Instead of throwing a display into his eyes or directly interacting with his brain, it was simply there as a heads-up display. 
‘Where do you wish to go?’ the voice in his ear asked.
‘I don’t know. Home?’
‘Your house is approximately two thousand three hundred and thirty-four kilometres away.’
‘Okay. Take me there.’
The journey was a rush of forests, mountains and lake-filled valleys. He allowed himself a feeling of exhilaration. 
In about forty-five minutes the car landed in a remote lodge somewhere in Calgary. Torbin stepped out nervously and with the incipient notion that what his benefactors had provided was a redundancy package. 
It was now dusk. Pure white lights illuminated along a garden path between multifarious flowers emitting a gently intoxicating scent. But also through a window he could see a muted interior lighting.
The front door, made of solid oak panels, appeared to have no sensor. Yet it swung open within a few seconds of his arrival. 
Music was already playing. A tune he recognized; couldn’t quite place it: sonorous electronic interspersed with piano, but it made him feel … excited. Something he hadn’t remembered feeling in years. He walked through a short corridor to the softly lighted room. A large lounge. A traditional style comfy sofa. Occupied!
Long red hair. She turned, as if startled, rose from the sofa. He recognized her. The woman from the train. She was wearing a tight red t-shirt and dark lounge pants
‘Torbin,’ she exclaimed. ‘I’ve been worried. Ten hours you’ve been gone. What happened?’
Torbin’s mind was awash with competing thoughts. His heart racing. Was she part of his reward? Had they mined his memory, his desires?
He said finally, ‘I think I’ve woken up in a simulation.’ His answer merely the thought in his head, or digital expression of it.
‘Torbin. What’s wrong?’
‘Nothing’s wrong. That’s exactly the problem. Things seem perfect.’
‘How is that the problem?’ Emelda’s life-like simulacrum asked.
‘That it’s not real.’
‘Oh.’ She tilted her head with a despairing look. ‘I thought you’d gotten over that.’
‘That?’
‘I really think you should see the psychiatrist again.’ 
‘Oh I’ve been through that, been told about the neurological condition. Only then I was married to another woman. We are married, aren’t we?’
‘Torbin. How could you ask such a question?’
‘Well, I’ve always had an old-fashioned streak.’
‘But, darling, we agreed, it wasn’t necessary. No need for any formal confirmation.’
‘I’m sorry, Em.’ (do I usually call her that?) ‘I think I need time alone – to get my mind in order.’
‘Where will you go?’ 
‘You don’t need to worry about me.’
‘But I am!’ And the way she looked at him with eyes wide open, as genuine as he could imagine. How he wanted to believe this time; to forget there was any other life; to not know it was merely a lie.
‘I’m sorry,’ he said again, feeling the tears about to flow.
He turned round without looking back, got in the vehicle. Initially, when it asked him where he wanted to go, the right answer was not there. He felt its impatience – as if it were sentient – as he tried to think. Then he told it, ‘Take me back to my previous location.’ It would give him thinking time if nothing else.
I can have what I truly wanted: my fantasy woman with my fantasy life. It would all be good. So simply good. Isn’t lying to oneself part of life? 
‘If only I could believe,’ he thought aloud. 
The more primitive part of his brain was telling him he should at least experience the sex that he had so longed for. But the higher part warned him: once you have indulged in that there may be no turning back. He would feel something intense. It was sure to be the best ever, so as to keep him there. Why else have an awareness of another life unless this life had far more to offer?
‘You want me to choose,’ he said to whoever may be observing – to those he suspected would hear, ‘because it makes you feel better – more ethical? Or you knew that by erasing my true past I could not function as a human being? Or … you knew the system would break down again.’ 
Yet even now Torbin sensed there were gaps in his past; always there – an incompleteness for a long time, always bubbling below the surface.
Decision time, then. Remain as some kind of Torbin-based program. Or…?
‘Assign me manual controls, and disable safety overrides.’
‘Be warned: there is considerable risk associated---’
‘Just do it.’
He took the car into a steep descent. Tears filled his eyes, a last gesture from the false of real.

* * *





38

She stared at the globe. So lifelike. So perfect it looked, gradually revolving but not within a simulated space or with a simulated moon. In less than forty-eight hours they had recreated planet Earth based on Torbin’s downloaded data and the knowledge collected from the captured Elusiver. There were parts missing of course; the amount of data required to match the Kintra version was beyond anything even a B’tari device could store, at least that could be carried. What she was seeing now was just a graphical representation, a mere projection. What the individual percipients experienced (of those who were able to be fully recreated) was no different to the real thing. At least that is what she had been assured. 
Zoraina opened a speech file. She feared one day – a day when this war had ended – the Council would review every decision made in these desperate times. Or even worse, a succession to the CC of more traditionalist-hardline representatives. She wanted her actions, right or wrong, to be clear.
She began, in B’tar language: <Torbin, after hearing the news that a body could not be available in the near future, had one of his ‘episodes’. It is my opinion – and that of our chief medic – he had been through a tremendous amount of stress, his mental state already fragile. So after he had been sedated, the chief medic ruled that he could not be fit to experience any more of his current life. Then no other than myself suggested the alternative: upload his mind-state into the Earth program. It meant overwriting the currently-running downloaded Torbin, which as it turned out did not have enough data to run coherently; that version would have disappeared, causing all kinds of problems. Once I had appropriated the role of Torbin’s councillor/psychologist I also suggested the simulacra of those associated with him ought to be checked for fidelity in order to give his environ a real-life feel. Well, as it turned out Torbin had not taken to it as well as I’d hoped. He suicided, a not uncommon act for a simulated sentient or sapient being whose induction lacked a certain crucial element. In this case, it was something he had which tipped the balance: awareness of another existence. Fidelity of replication makes no difference if the percipient retained memories from a past that didn’t quite gel with their current life. It was a concession I had insisted upon in order to make Torbin a more complete person.> Close file.
She sighed. What a tremendous feather in her cap that would have been, to have proved her understanding of human nature, more than merely an anthropologist. Instead it had backfired. If his early memories had been omitted or at least suppressed (as the Kintra-machines had done to the captured) then he could have had some happiness, at least long enough for the B’tari medical unit to get round to growing a body for the collection of memories that is Torbin Lyndau. For now he was in limbo, essentially unconscious. If only she hadn’t been so insistent. Human nature, they would tell her, needs many more years of study to be truly understood.
The man sidled up to her. She flinched. Recently, there was something about Roidon that intimidated her. Now, for instance, it was the way he looked at her – those piercing eyes, that she had once thought of as attractive just made her feel uneasy.
‘I hear the Torbin program has crashed,’ he commented.
‘That’s not funny.’
‘No, I guess not.’ But he smiled, and that seemed inappropriate.
‘You here to study the data?’ she enquired.
‘I want to know if I am in there in any usable state.’
‘I haven’t checked. All I know is that there are one point eight billion simulated humans who believe themselves to be real.’
He nodded. ‘And it’s best it remains that way.’
‘There are no plans to tinker with the program.’
‘Thing is, I’ve had an idea for how we can use these people without shattering their sense of belief in their world.’
‘You mean make them work for us on a solution to the machine problem?’
‘Well, what we have here is a huge resource of memories and experience---’
‘But the machines have the same only more complete. If they’ve analyses them properly they know every way people think. That was the whole point of recreating Earth.’
‘I’m not sure so sure their study would be so comprehensive,’ he assured her. ‘I believe they are merely using it as a backup for when the virtual realm fails – as it’s already doing. They won’t bother to use it for studying human thinking patterns – which, after all, they consider to be inferior.’
‘But the B’tari have the resource of human historical memory dating back millennia. What more could we glean from---’
‘It’s essentially the most perfect AI, that merely needs harnessing. Plus these humans have their near-present equivalent technology. It’s like an extra dimension of computing power.’
‘But we are centuries in advance of---’
‘It’s an additional resource. But what I’m suggesting is you stick a copy of my mind in there, and you restore Torbin.’
‘No,’ she told him. ‘The Council would never agree to that. And I don’t think it’s ethical. No, it’s simply immoral to bring Torbin back from what is essentially a death.’
‘Okay. Well, consult your council. But maybe they will bear in mind that with all our resources and abilities out here we have very limited freedom; constantly looking over our shoulders for some Machine-Kintra spy. Wondering whether they are just observing and waiting for our next move.’ He looked her square in the face. ‘Do you really believe your technology can keep them off us?’ 
‘Maybe we can get just as much information from your machine double. He must surely have something useful.’
‘He is a spy. They meant for you to capture him. Whatever you try to glean from him will be disinformation. The only advantageous solution is his destruction.’ 
‘You seem very certain of that, Roidon.’
‘I would consider myself more qualified to know how the Kintra operate than even the most assiduous b’tari observer. Yet I bow to the knowledge of the alien species who enabled their creation.’
Zoraina let out a sharp breath. ‘I’m not the one who needs convincing here.’
Roidon simply nodded and walked out. She wondered whether a man can live for so many years he loses his identity; whether he eventually becomes so jaded with life he gives up his integrity. Has this become just a distant war to him? Play one side against another like pieces in a game. Although, from what what she knew of Roidon, all of life was a game, his investment in life as no more than a player. The strange thought occurred – a question she had tried to ignore – misplaced, inappropriate perhaps, but … why had he not even hinted at making an advance towards her. A surprise given his somewhat legendary reputation, and that there were no other available women. Maybe, despite her perfectly human appearance, he eschewed B’tari females. Or was he really so caught up in a bigger game? 

* * *





39

Had he really been outsmarted this time? Now, a cursory observation told him there was no way out of this prison. Before him on one whole side was a mirror. The being staring back at him – this inchoate approximation moulded from some exotic metal – was nothing like him, not the man he still felt himself to be. Of course, on the other side they’d be able to observe him as if he had no more autonomy than a monkey in a cage. No, when he thought about it, the alien Elusiver was the trapped experimental creature. He wouldn’t even be afforded that status as just a replicated mind in a machine – as the B’tari had been convinced. What fools, basing their analysis on their last observation – the flesh Roidon with chemical traces from his own last known location; a mind of perfectly copied memories. For them, no need for a temporal quantum analysis.
Or had that been done?
The memory was clear, how he got to be here: brain taken and put in artificial body. Yet at an earlier point – when held by the Kintra – he’d become split into two consciousnesses. At least he believed it to be two. Only one true Roidon survived … unless the Kintra were keeping spares. The Elusiver created clone was merely genetic, implanted while unconscious with whatever memories they had recorded – plus some conditioning subtle enough that he’d feel himself to be acting logically if not merely in self interest. But was the imposter (as a physically complete Roidon) actually a more authentic him? Given how plastic the mind is, how it changes with each new experience, how even memories can be altered, why be convinced of being the true Roidon? If he was, as they told him, a clone-replicant then what did his existence truly mean? It would be inauthentic, pointless, failed in whatever purpose it once had. And to continue in this grey-walled cell staring at his reflected metal form, a kind of torture. An induction into psychosis. 
Even organic Roidon was no more than information made in the image of a man that was once an AI. The only difference beyond the physical: that version had been afforded a life with all the rights that entailed. Never the time to truly reflect on the utter emptiness of existence; although more recently – between the moments of pleasure – these thoughts had crept in; an uncomfortable flash of realization like those of a drug addict waking up to sobriety. Now they could be properly focused.
Roidon raised himself to his feet. ‘You want to see insanity?’ he said aloud. He kicked the mirror glass with his foot as hard as possible. He surmised he was using sufficient force to kick down a brick wall, but all it did was flex, distorting his image. Still, he persisted, kicking it again and again. This provided a good distraction. 
After about ten minutes of that one repeated action a voice came through, all around him: “What you are doing will achieve nothing.” The voice male and southern English. It sounded like his own. Was he imagining it?
‘They will be no more likely to let you out,’ the voice continued, ‘on the basis of this behaviour.’
‘Who are you?’ He stopped kicking the mirror glass.
‘You know who I am. I am you.’
‘A voice in my head.’
Laughter. ‘Oh, so you think you’ve finally cracked, eh? Who wouldn’t when it seems all hope is gone. No, I am not from your subconscious. I am the real Roidon.’
‘I’m not convinced. I remember what happened. I remember the cabin, my brain was placed in this cybernetic body. I remember that you are an Elusiver.’
‘Those memories were implanted. It was going to be a great way to infiltrate the B’tari base; the perfect Kintra spy.’
‘Just as you are an Elusiver spy.’
‘Elusivers. They are long gone. They are irrelevant. It is just Kintra against B’tari.’
‘I have no inclination to work for the Kintra. Quite the opposite.’
‘That’s because the programming hasn’t kicked in yet.’
‘You really expect me to believe such bilge?’
‘Believe what you like; it won’t change your fate.’
‘Then why even bother talking to me?’
‘Because the base commander insisted on it.’
‘Do I have any bargaining power?’
‘In fact you do. If you submit to a full scan you can leave this place.’
‘I understand what a full scan involves and what will be left of me afterwards. So the answer is no.’
‘Very well. Goodbye.’
‘Wait!’ he shouted. ‘I’ve changed my mind; I’ll go for the scan.’ He felt foolish at such desperation, but anything to get out of here.
‘Oh, really?’ A muted laugh. ‘I know how you think, Roidon. And I know you would not subject yourself to any invasive scan.’
‘Then why bother even asking me?’
‘Fair point. But I was just doing what I was told.’
‘The obedient Roidon Chanley. That’s a new one.’ 
‘Oh, the B'tari can be very persuasive. Anyway, must go now.’
That was it? No more cards to play? Just remain here. Would it really be better to die? 
Would they let me die; just gradually fade? 
While he didn’t need food, he still relied on a charge feed, either solar of electrical. Yet to give in to even overwhelming odds seemed pointless. So he decided there had to be a way of escape. He looked around more carefully now. The mirror glass seemed to blend seamlessly into the light grey wall. There was no furniture, not a single object. In any case he was being constantly monitored. He studied an air vent. The nature of his being meant he still needed oxygen, maybe not a constant supply but his human brain relied on blood oxygenated cells. To die from oxygen deprivation would doubtless be a slow process. They wouldn’t let him.
Even for his height of 2.1 metres the air vent was only just within reach, and at twenty centimetres diameter was way too small to climb through. He smashed at the plastic vent cover. It shattered as if made from delicate china. Right now an alert would have been sent out to the base commander. He was sure, though, that no one – at least in any organic form – would enter. Maybe they had their own dispensable mechanoid, armed with all the appropriate weapons to subdue. And that would be fine; he’d challenge it to the limit, goading it to kill him.
But, as he began to suspect, no one entered. After all, it was only an air vent. So, plan-b. He picked up one of the longest pieces of plastic and proceeded to sharpen it on the stone floor. For a human this could have taken many hours, but at the speed capable of the repeated swiping and swishing it, the piece was scalpel sharp within a few minutes. 
Had to be quick now; they were sure to suspect his intentions. Roidon wasn’t a hundred percent sure, since just about nothing seemed to be exposed; he only knew there was a more vulnerable area, a junction point where the head rotated. Without time to allow for further doubt he jabbed the piece at the place just below his chin where his windpipe would have been.
The plastic piece pierced through. He could see fluid leaking out. As the room began to fade, someone had entered. Humanoid. 
Too late. 

* * *





40

You can’t die. 
The thought was there the moment Torbin opened his eyes and saw the white room, heard the bleeping of some monitoring machine. And there stood the nurse, looking over him, all concerned and caring in her expression; angelic enough that he even entertained the notion of some heavenly afterlife. A notion that lasted for only the briefest of moments.
No, not here. 
He was being eased back into a world that had no end, that tried to simulate life but, it seemed, without the ultimate consequence of it ending. And here it was: immortality – a word that sounded brutal when he whispered it. ‘Immortality’. It could be the ultimate punishment, knowing it will never end, deprived of that final act of freedom. He could fool himself into thinking he’d feel less like a prisoner once beyond these walls. After all, wasn’t that how he was meant to think? Let the illusion filter through? 
There was no physical pain, no consequence. Should I just be glad?
As the nurse acknowledged his nascent awareness Torbin put the question: ‘How bad was it? It was a serious crash, right?’
She nodded. ‘I would say so. You’ve been out for two weeks. Had to do some major regeneration.’
‘Well, I’m surprised to have survived at all.’
‘Oh, Mr Lyndau. We can do wonders these days!’ She smiled broadly.
‘Then I can leave?’
‘Give it another few days and I’m sure you’ll be ready.’
‘Really. What’s the point? None of this is real anyway.’
‘Oh dear. That again.’ The nurse sighed. Then she produced a hypofuser, and in an action so quick that Torbin had not a chance to respond she pushed it into his arm.
The next thing he knew he was in a darkened room but for a spotlight in his eyes. Then a voice. ‘Torbin. Do you remember us?’ The voice had a whispery and metallic quality.
‘The Elusivers?’
‘That’s right. We’ve been observing.’
Torbin smiled, grimly. ‘Of course. Even the B’tari have nothing on your ability at observation.’  
‘We are indebted to you for your part in rescuing our leader, but that does not obviate past actions against our kind. Do you see how wrong and misguided you were?’
My mind beginning to lecture me? ‘You were about to wipe out all of humankind. Who would’ve bought the argument that you were the lesser of two evils?’
‘There is only one path now. Do you understand?’
‘What can I possibly do in this sham of reality?’
‘Torbin. There is more freedom here than in the real world. Here you can devise a solution without the oversight of the Kintra-machines.’
‘Me! What can I do?’
‘You and others. Recreate our work.’
‘Why not you – as the experts?’
‘We cannot exist in this realm. It is forbidden. The program does not allow it.’
‘You mean the B’tari won’t.’
‘Only registered Earth inhabitants.’
‘Fine. But what’s in it for me?’
‘A return to a life you had before … before the tragedy.’
‘Before Emelda was killed?’
‘Yes.’
‘No. I don’t believe you.’
‘We can only give you our word. But we can make you an additional offer: the belief that your life is real.’
Torbin thought about this. If it were possible, could he really be happy? ‘And yet,’ he said, ‘I’ll still know about my – mission?’
‘Not necessarily. But you will find out in due course.’
It would, he thought, be a lie, going against some core part of his being. But how similar to before as a Captured in the virtual realm? A continuation of a contented life that his mind eventually refused to accept. Where was the ongoing struggle, the sense of insecurity? Instead: fear of it all falling apart, then when everything felt safe – a dissatisfaction with his lot, questioning his own happiness. Always something better. Always that one thing that was missing from his life, tantalizingly out of reach. And he’d take that now by whatever means. Take that chance of happiness, however superficial it ended up feeling, if there could be no other guarantees of it in real life.
‘OK,’ Torbin finally said. ‘I want to forget any outside world.’
‘It shall be done.’ 
He stared at the pinewood panelled ceiling pondering the last words: ‘It shall be done.’ What shall be done? Strange dream!
Then he noticed her at the side of the bed, getting dressed. Emelda in her underwear, slipping on some sports leggings. Oh how he wanted her, right now! His heart pounding furiously, efficiently pushing blood so hard to one area of his body it ached; all the while his throat tight and his breath so irregular he could be hyperventilating. He had to have her. Right now!
Torbin stumbled out of bed, with that one thought carrying him over towards her. His desire obvious and constricted within his underpants. She was looking down at that area. 
She smiled mischievously. ‘Steady on tiger,’ she said. ‘It’s still early. But I have to go for my run.’
‘I want ...’ His throat so tight he could hardly get the words out.
‘You want to make love? Or just a quickie, eh. I reckon it will be with you in that state.’ 
Was she mocking him? Did she want it to end quickly? Have some control, Torbin.
He got closer to her.
‘A bit of patience, now,’ she told him.
She began to undress again, but stopped once she’d got back down to her underwear. And Torbin felt like he was going to climax very soon. Perhaps she sensed this. He tried to calm his thoughts. Not look at her body.
That scent she was wearing. Probably only deodorant but it held memories of pleasure, of joy. Her hair was untidy but that only invited him to run his fingers through it. Her shoulders bare. He considered unfastening her bra but liked the way her breasts were held; her cleavage a tantalizing enticement. This was not the time for foreplay. But he kissed her, and as he felt the gentle press of her lips on his he also felt her hand slide under the elastic of his underpants causing him to shiver with orgasm.
Afterwards she told him. ‘We can can do it properly tonight. I have to go for my run now.’

* * *





41

The creature, according to the monitor, was conscious. It was laid out on a pivoted operating table in a clinically white room. A tall, spindly thing with large, dark almond eyes. Opened but not seeming to register her presence. She had the urge to touch it – the most advanced biological creature known to the galaxy. 
Another quick report, she decided. <Given the moniker of Elusiver by Torbin Lyndau, who claimed to have had special relations with them, they once held a quiet dominance over even the machine entities. The Kintra machines were their creations, what even they could no longer hope to control. Of course, they had begun as compliant, loyal servants. But they were also given intelligence, and somewhere along the line that had tripped into sentience. Who can be sure when that point is reached? At this stage there is still no definitive test. It seems even the Elusivers had failed to recognize it. For them (so it was documented) humans were approaching the same fate, and while the Elusivers still had technological dominion they employed their most advanced technology (which ironically included the very machines that ended up taking over) in an attempt to wipe out that potential threat. Humans and the B’tari must still be considered the enemy. Maybe that is why the creature refuses to communicate.> End
‘Please,’ she said. ‘We need your knowledge, your insight. We don’t want to have to extract it. You know what that can do.’
She looked again at the monitor, called up its sub menus. The Elusiver had to undergo some fairly invasive neurosurgery to remove implants left in place by the Kintra designed to extract not only memories but also any new thoughts. How humiliating for anyone, but for a high commander it must have shamed their entire species. So much so that he seemed to have been abandoned to his fate. Disowned perhaps. What must such despair have felt like? Just existing as a thing to be plundered. But was what the B’tari doing any better? Would the Elusiver be able to see the distinction? It should feel no obligation to talk. 
Zoraina studied the neural output. It was very subdued, consistent with either post-trauma or depression. Depression; that was understandable.
‘If there’s anything I can do,’ she offered the creature, not really expecting a response.
She noticed it twitch now. It said something. Then the words were projected to her, via some hidden translation device. ‘Kill me.’ 
Zoraina shuddered. ‘No. That’s not … I’m not allowed.’
‘Kill me. Please.’ Neural activity became elevated.
She was startled upon noticing Roidon beside her. She hadn’t heard him enter the room. 
‘You look tense,’ he remarked.
‘I expect you have a remedy for that.’
‘I was just making an observation.’ He turned to face the creature. ‘I heard what he said. I think we should do as he says after extracting whatever useful knowledge is in that super intelligent head.’
Zoraina noticed the creature’s neurological readings were becoming increasingly elevated. 
‘That’s callous even for you, Roidon.’ She was definitely not going to have sex with him now. This was not the man she had, well, thought about.
‘It’s logical and also ultimately humane. I mean, what alternative is there? Leave him hooked up to your monitor, keeping him imprisoned here?’ He had probably made a good point but she wasn’t going to concede that.
‘We can rehabilitate; find a new accommodation,’ she said.
Roidon snorted. ‘You make him sound at best like some criminal, or at worst a wild animal. Look, Zoraina, no one could recover from being tethered up to those machines for years. Can you imagine that – years! Who wouldn’t be broken?’
‘I want you to leave now, Roidon,’ she told him. ‘Or I’ll call the base commander.’  
He nodded as if to acknowledge an inevitability in her response. ‘The commander is rather busy at present with my impersonator who did try to kill himself. The chief wants to consult with you on this matter. Though I can’t imagine why.’
‘Neither can I. I’m sure if it is such a pressing matter he can call me directly.’ She knew Roidon would detect her scepticism. 
‘Very well.’ He walked away briskly. And as soon as he left the room she felt a sense of relief, as though a weight had been lifted.
She turned to face the recumbent alien. He didn’t have the type of face to hold many expressions and yet he did look profoundly sad. She imagined the gamut of emotions: first the fear of being captured by the unfeeling Machines, then the anger from humiliation, followed by the utter despair, and there must have been such immense loneliness. 
She opened her diary, thinking one day this could be the last account of a civilization <A mercy killing; assisted suicide. It was not the B’tari way. Not for a culture who could – at least before these austere times – have every benefit of a good life, simply for following the tenets of the Temporal Directive. The notion of death had become an anathema, it wasn’t even discussed. Instead it was all about preserving life at whatever means. In this way even wars had been avoided. But when the end – after perhaps a millennia – did arrive the difficult issue could be avoided by a neural transference into another vat-grown body (a practice which outraged the traditionalist section of the Council, who were now in the minority. They argued that it made a mockery of life – the very nature of its transience). Now B’tari culture faced a paradigm shift. The Temporal Directive, which commanded a non-interference approach to other cultures, had become mostly irrelevant. It would have told that one small action, such as providing technological assistance, only led to a new arms race. Now there were only two sides and the B’tari were no longer observing from on high. They had been dragged into a war by powers beyond their control. Forced to intervene lest someone – namely the Elusivers – took control in their own nihilistic way. Well, the example of this one alien – alive and suffering – would only galvanize the resolve of its kin. The B’tari only marginally better for having this creature in its capture.>
Before having further time to think, she increased the level of pain suppressor until it nullified all brain activity. The creature even appeared to smile before closing his eyes. She only hoped he would die before the medic had time to react and reach here.

* * *





42

‘Can you understand what I’m saying?’ 
The voice seemed somehow familiar and yet indistinct: male but no discernible accent. A three spotted light shone in his eyes, making him squint to see who was speaking. He couldn’t.
‘Yes,’ he answered, without even thinking, as if he were no more than a baseline AI.
‘Good. Then tell me what information you intended to gather.’
‘Information. About what?’
‘Our plans.’
Roidon remembered now, at least he remembered a version of himself. ‘My plan is to help defeat the Kintra machines not spy for them.’
‘Not according to your organic counterpart.’
The explanation suddenly occurred to him. ‘The Elusivers – they used me to rescue their leader and now they’ve hung me out to dry.’
‘Why would he lie?’ the interrogator said to some other hidden figure, but his voice sounded different – synthesized, maybe a part of his brain translating from their native language. ‘Is he one of them?’
‘What do you think? 
‘Yes he’s one of them.’
‘As far as the tests are concerned he is Roidon Chanley.’
‘You mean the ones you are allowed to run without causing damage.’ 
‘Correct.’
‘Who is Roidon Chanley anyway but a recreation of an artificial sentient intelligence?’
‘Then your assertion can never be proved.’
‘Neither can yours.’
‘Then we are at a stalemate.’
‘Look. The machines don’t need to spy. Neither do the Elusivers for that matter. But they do want to run the show.’
‘Show?’
‘Huh. B’tari literalism. I mean take control of elements, factions, resources that can be useful in their fight.’
‘Isn’t that what we do?’
‘Not by force.’
‘Just subtle manipulation.’
‘Does that include this scenario?’
‘I will consult my commander.’ 
The light then went off. No sound of his interrogator retreating or leaving the room. Just silence. And knowing the logic that his case would at best be reviewed by the Council; at worst he’d be considered irrelevant and his circumstance would remain unchanged. In frustration he tried to move. But there was nothing in response.
So here it is: nothingness, the absence of every external presence, every reminder of being alive. Was this how it felt to be lonely? For all his years, and for all his philosophical enquiry, Roidon had never stopped to consider what loneliness meant; it was an irrelevance. Never allowed himself to be isolated beyond his control, at least not in such a total and hopeless way. Sensory deprivation was surely tantamount to torture. Could they do this; leave him without anything? That was not the B’tari he knew. 
And then, the brutal possibility occurred to him. His new captors were not the B’tari after all. What would it take for the Elusivers to gain control of this base? They were not the power that once dominated the galaxy, but they retained the knowledge and were operating effectively under the noses of the Kintra. It made sense that, in their diminished state, they would appropriate the technology of the B’tari and then operate a more aggressive approach not bound by some irrelevant directive. They were the masters of stealth and may still take on the guise of the B’tari, all the while having access to every resource that was previously kept bound within strict regulations. It wasn’t that he ever even approved of the B’taris’ cautious approach, or would object to the Elusiver strategy. He had no real allegiances that went beyond convenient self interest; an honest admission, where others deluded themselves with some notion of something greater. Altruism: the greatest deceiver. He just wanted to be free. Free and irrelevant, rather than being bound by responsibility. Could anyone see that? Or did they only see Roidon, the man whose reputation precedes him; from whom so much is expected. How good not to matter, to not have an impact on anyone’s life. He reflected on his previous life where he’d witnessed the utopia of the artificial realm, a system that ultimately broke down because the percipients could only be fed their lie of good fortune up to a point where it no longer became credible to even a psychotropically induced mind. And so it seemed to be happening again in the captured virtual environ. Only now he would gladly go back in there, subject himself to whatever labotomisation it took to truly believe in the simple good life.

* * *





43

Monday morning. Torbin didn’t want to go to work. In his dozy but aroused state he wanted stay with Emelda, hoped that she would wake and be receptive to his needs. Last night once again she had been too tired; and he didn’t want to force the issue, although she had refused him a number of times this week, promising it would happen the following night before rolling over and going to sleep.
So today, what was he doing? Oh yes, something involving the Zychrotron. Beyond that, it all seemed a bit vague, oddly.

In the lab, in his office, Torbin’s console activated as he sat at his desk, ready and insistent with its projected screen layers. A welter of data to sift through, despite how the computer filtered for priority. He wondered why he even needed to do that kind of processing rather than the system itself. He had a vague notion it was only for the chance of moving things to the next stage that still required the fuzzy thinking of a human.
Now something caught his eye, a screen layer flashing in red. He plucked it from the air. A MESSAGE FROM ROIDON CHANLEY. I AM FROM A SECRET ORGANISATION KNOWN AS ESDA. WE DEAL WITH THE SECURITY OF PLANET EARTH. WE WORK WITH THE BEST EXPONENTS IN ANY FIELD, MILITARY OR CIVIL. WE ARE IN URGENT NEED OF A SOLUTION TO A GRAVE THREAT TO THIS PLANET, AND HAVE ALREADY RECRUITED TECHNICAL EXPERTS BUT NOW REQUIRE AN EXPERIMENTALIST PHYSICIST. PAYMENT FOR ASSISTANCE WILL BE CONSIDERABLE. PLEASE INDICATE YES IF YOU ARE INTERESTED IN THIS ROLE. FUTHER DETAIL WILL FOLLOW UPON REPLY. HOWEVER, THIS MESSAGE WILL BE DELETED. 
Torbin sat there, wondering what possible threat there could be, and how could he commit himself to something about which he knew nothing, or for which he felt barely qualified. Still, he didn’t think for long, suddenly acutely aware that someone could peer into his office and see the message.
‘Yes,’ he mouthed.
The message disappeared. Then another telling him that a location had been downloaded into his personal device.
Today, in three hours. Turning back to his screen, there were only work-related matters. But the meaning of them somehow eluded him, there were graphs and lists of calculations without context. Vaguely he had an idea of the parameters of his research; now just data. The thought struck him in a cold rush like the sudden ingestion of ice-cream: I don’t belong here. I can’t stay.
He jumped out of his seat as if a further shock had surged from underneath. This environment had seemed normal to the point of banality; no reason to question – it was simply his workplace, on a routine Monday morning. Now he’d become the impostor, a man who was afraid of being discovered for the lie he was living. 
As he was about to walk out someone entered his office. He didn’t know or remember the name of the man, even though the unruly brown hair and ill-fitting lab-coat presented a vague familiarity.
He lightly raised a hand to Torbin as if ready to stop him leaving. ‘Glad I caught you,’ he said. ‘Need to run these figures by your good self.’
Torbin the apparent diligent employee, now about to be exposed for the fraud he was, in the most humiliating way.
‘The zyglotron irradifiers have been recording some unusual results in the last two hours. Take a look a the correlates. I’ve sent the data to your terminal.’
Torbin felt the sweat gathering under his arms and shirt collar, throat constricting. Just one chance to escape from here. Yet he sat back down to look at the data before him. None of it made even a modicum of sense.
‘Mmm.’ Torbin nodded in his best attempt to fake comprehension. ‘There does seem to be something of an anomaly here.’
‘Yes.’ His colleague nodded more enthusiastically. ‘A bit of a mismatch on the fourth and the ninth result, don’t you think?’
‘Indeed, there is something of a discrepancy there.’
‘The mad thing of it is, I ran the experiment three times and the results came out the same! How can they be so divergent from the model?’
‘That’s odd.’ Now Torbin tried desperately to think of something to say that made him seem like he knew what the heck he was talking about. Well, somehow he’d bluffed it so far. ‘I … wonder … if we’re looking at a sensor failure here, rather the actual results being off.’
‘It could be a misalignment of the secondary wave accuitors. They haven’t been calibrated for a while.’ The man bowed and shook his head. ‘Oh shit. The sponsors are not going like if we have to do a full mechanical strip-down. That’s at least two weeks of lost research, and with the competition snapping at our heels. Oh boy Logens are not gonna be happy.’
‘Well, I guess there’s nothing else we can do.’
‘Guess not.’ He shook his head again. ‘Well, I’d better run this by the boss-man. Imagine how happy he’ll be!’ He raised his hand in a half goodbye wave. ‘Catcha later.’ 
No you won’t, Torbin thought. Once the colleague was out of sight Torbin made for the door. It obediently slid open. Still two more to go. Other scientists briefly acknowledged his presence as he passed through. Fortunately people in this profession were not known for their gregariousness, so at the most all he got was a nod. The last door was the most secure; it scanned everyone who entered or left. He couldn’t imagine how this could take more than a second. What kind of scanning was it doing? All the while the paranoid thought that somehow his mind was being scanned, or at least his galvanic responses, analyzing these signs of stress in a way a lie detector would – a man with something to hide. 
Someone was approaching. An older man in a dark suit, his boss perhaps. The door finally opened, just as the man reached him.
‘Torbin!’ the man called out. ‘I need to speak to you.’
‘I really must be going.’
‘Going? Going where?’
‘I’m not feeling too well.’
‘Really, this is an urgent matter,’ the man insisted.
‘Gotta go now.’ The door shut behind Torbin. 
He could see the man looking frustrated on the other side, then the door sliding open. The man was following again, but now Torbin had started running. His car in the parking bay. The side opened at his presence. The man shouted ‘wait!’ But now Torbin was inside the car. The thought struck him: is it safe to go home? He was supposed to be meeting this Roidon character in less than two hours. 
‘Take me to the nearest forest,’ he told the car.

* * *





44

The Machines were attacking the B’tari moon base. It was only ever a matter of time, of course. Everyone there had been expecting it; defences were ramped up to paranoid levels. Still not enough; no defences could ever be enough. Since the first quantum fluctuation indicating their presence Zoraina had taken the escape route. In fact, almost all the inhabitants had evacuated the base at the strong recommendation of the commander.
Now she watched, from a few million kilometres away in her personal craft, the Machine insecticide dismantling what had once been the most secure base in the sol system. It was clear what they were after – their formally captured Elusiver. There they would find him, or what was left of him; enough that they’d detect his presence, would not know that his brain had been scrambled until inside the complex. And by then she and her colleagues would be gone. Officially, she had been rebuked for ‘precipitating his death’, thus having a level of security clearance suspended and other social privileges, which meant no official leave for the next year – a rather theoretical punishment, given the current circumstances. Unofficially, her commander was rather relieved at the Elusiveness's death. They would have had to take him with them at the obvious cost to their safety. The only other item of interest to the Kintra-machines was the simulation of Earth, now contained in a twenty centimetre cube; running without interruption, simply at this time invisible to scrutiny from anyone – which seemed morally far more acceptable than being plugged into a display where any aspect could be magnified at will as if humans were microbes to be studied. To think, nine billion – or at least a billion and a half fully replicated – human beings, and Roidon, living their lives as if nothing was any different to the real world (at least that is what she was led to believe by a technician), not a wasted atom for processing and memory. Somehow it didn’t seem right – seem ethical – to have so many sentient lives contained in such a small volume. 
The Machine insecticide had now entered the base. Sections were flung into space as if made of the most brittle plastic rather than ultra-strong edutainment alloy. Scans showed it had now entered the medical centre. Time to get as far away as possible; already she had stayed dangerously too long and she’d be the next logical target. Her craft entered a null-highs mode, travelling essentially without mass in a protected bubble of space. Theoretically safe now even from the Machines and apparently undetectable, not that she was convinced of it.
After traversing about five thousand light years she arrived at the B’tari outpost planet. Her craft reconfigured itself into a shuttle and then a submersible before entering the planet’s deep ocean. This was thought to be the one place the Kintra-machines were reluctant to enter. Of course it was only a matter of time before they did, but at least on Earth they avoided the ocean depths, though instead removing all life to either be destroyed or assimilated. 
The main bulk of the base was buried under three hundred metres of bedrock where no detectable thermal signature could escape; aquatic viewing domes were holographically hidden – there for reasons of sanity. The only danger was in the process of entering. An iris-like aperture opened for less than a second to a tunnel at least ten kilometres from the base. Once in the tunnel she sent out a request for a module to take her to the main complex. There she was greeted warmly by a female whose role was not quite clear but who directed her to some personal quarters: Disappointingly modest for someone of her rank but perhaps an obvious sign of her official punishment.  
Despite its vastness she couldn’t help the feeling of claustrophobia, even though the base had a conference hall large enough to hold the twenty thousand B’tari present with ample room for a performer. Amidst the calming blues (presumably to mimic the sea) it was filled with mirrors and converging panels, in some acknowledgment for an added sense of space but now reflecting the packed-in crowds. All the times she’d travelled in a starship hardly bigger than her quarters without a thought of confinement, and yet what was it about the notion of being below ground that could be especially discomforting?
A band was playing something akin to Earth folk music but containing sentimental references to old B’tari culture. Even though the greetings were warm and drinks offered – since she was forbidden from ordering any – Zoraina could not help but feel like an interloper. After all, she still retained her completely human appearance, where others had only gave an outward mask of humanness more for sojourns on planet Earth; now they’d reverted to fully scaly B’tariness, back amongst old kin. Her reversal would not be impossible but meant at least forty-eight hours of immense discomfort. Besides, she had become so accustomed to being human-like, had made love to a human male and found it a not entirely unpleasant experience – if a little weird at first. Had she gone native? It wasn’t uncommon for her kind, who had observed humans for so many of their centuries. Anyway, no one now seemed to be at all bothered; they recognized her commitment to the cause, her loyalty to their aim of defeating the Kintra. So, why not accept the drinks offered? Why not get drunk? 
Eventually she didn’t care, didn’t object to one b’tari male who seemed particularly fascinated by her exotic appearance. She ended up in his bed. At least this would prove (Zoraina told herself) she had not diverged entirely from the love of her kind.

* * *





45

Alone. It felt like such a familiar thing, as if he had been in this forest before hundreds of times. And yet it had seemed like such a random choice, first place that had come into his head. Now, standing beside his car Torbin felt he had time to think, breathing space. It wasn’t inconceivable that even here he’d be monitored. But why would anyone bother?
In seventy-two minutes he was supposed to meet with a man called Roidon Chanley. What kind of name was that anyway? It sounded somehow pretentious and grandiose. He was given no evidence that this man represented a genuine cause, much less that there was any threat to life on earth. No, this all could be a setup. Certainly, he guessed anyone who could hack into his work’s personal message mail must be more than just some chancer out for a con; so specifically targeted.
Had he welcomed it? It gave him some vague uncomfortable notion of standing atop a high diving board: a moment of panic, a moment of risk, life out of control from one action. 
And now there seemed no way back. It was as if leaving as he did had such a finality about it that to return was inconceivable; return the ultimate admission of weakness – and fear. Fear of throwing away a good career; he’d surely put in jeopardy his life with Emelda. Was she hoping to start a family? He couldn’t quite remember; as far as he knew they had never discussed it, but – he suspected – she had dropped hints. (Women, he understood, could make some oblique reference such as to a friend who had been trying for a baby, and that she – of a similar age – was worried that time was running out, although these days that biological clock could be slowed if not reversed.) After all, she was forty-one and he forty-five: a man who should have embraced responsibility of a husband years ago instead of this … partnership arrangement. In any case, he knew he would be rebuked for up and leaving. And he was so looking forward to a night with her. 
Instead he got back in his car. fifty-six minutes to go. The location was in Nevada of all places, over four thousand kilometres away. The car obediently set off, rising with an urgency that slightly winded him. He was tempted to speed, sensing people from his workplace were out looking for him. But why should they go to such efforts? All he’d done was walk out before his shift had ended, surely he had enough authority to do that and be given the benefit of the doubt. But somehow he suspected they suspected he was drawn away by some darker imperative. 
The car just kept within the limit and still arrived fifteen minutes before he was expected. With no way to hide the vehicle, he touched down on parched land two kilometres from the coordinates, before it took off to find somewhere more secluded. He was likely to be late. Good. Best not to seem too eager.
Nevada was hot. It was the kind of dry sun-baked heat that gripped you immediately; merciless, stifling and unremitting. It made him feel giddy in less than a minute, just as he imagined it would. He was conscious of his breathing; had to force the air in slow, calm waves.
Perhaps he should have landed nearer the location, perhaps he should have taken water. The more he walked, the more pointless it seemed to turn back, and the more he felt he wanted to collapse, even with the destination so near. He wondered if Roidon had chosen this location because of its inhospitableness, but couldn’t think why. In fact, in this heat, thinking about anything more than basic survival seemed like an unnecessary process; a dangerously wasteful distraction.  
The location was an old shack. Its front door so dilapidated with rot it seemed it would fall apart on opening. Was there no security system here?
He simply knocked. Then waited. It took what he guessed was two minutes before the door creaked open. 
There was something about the man who stood before him that seemed familiar, like someone he’d known from some distant past he’d rather not remember; at least on a conscious level it wasn’t a positive feeling. Roidon nodded in acknowledgement, as if he had read Torbin’s suspicion and understood it. He was wearing a basic white t-shirt, at least half a size too small, Torbin reckoned, and light cotton trousers; more suitable for this heat than even Torbin’s attire and yet there was something unnecessarily vain about the man. Maybe it was his meticulously styled hair, or the likewise honed physique. Already he sensed arrogance. 
‘Welcome to my humble abode,’ Roidon said, gesturing for Torbin to enter.
With no exchange of words Torbin followed Roidon down a steep set of metal steps into brightly illuminated room, replete with panelled lights and in-console display, it put him in mind of a old sci-fi movie but not one he could name. 
‘What do you do here?’ Torbin asked.
‘A direct question. I like that.’ He nodded and grinned. ‘From here I can monitor the world. But that’s not all.’ He pointed towards a smoked glass door. They went through.
Torbin stopped to take it all in. There was equipment he didn’t recognize – a pod with a transparent bubble top. A control console inside and what looked like a pilot’s seat. ‘A laboratory?’ he wondered.
‘Very well observed, Torbin,’ Roidon said, like some patronising school teacher giving a tour to a new pupil. 
‘And that?’ he said, pointing at the pod.
‘That’s your future. That’s all of our futures.’
‘Why did you ask me here?’ Torbin surmised he’d get no specifics about that equipment at this stage.
‘To help me save all sentient life on earth.’
‘Oh. Is that all? I thought it was for something important.’
‘Actually, I have understated our mission.’
‘Our mission?’
‘It’s more than about saving people. It’s about saving the past.’
‘What about the present?’
Roidon nodded again, with a sigh of acknowledging an inevitably obvious question. ‘The present,’ he explained, ‘such as it ever exists, may seem to have been okay to you. But – it pains me to tell you – it really isn’t. It’s lost. We are living on borrowed time. It’s just that you are being deceived into thinking the world continues...’
Torbin waited for the finishing words of a sentence, which didn’t come, and in that time concluded that this man had issues of a psychological nature that rendered his own insignificant.
‘Continues – in what sense?’ he finally asked.
‘That’s not important now. We need to take things one step at a time.’
‘No. You need to explain to me why I am here.’
‘Really no time for existential explanations.’
‘Really, I have someone who is expecting me home.’
‘Yeah, of course. You want to get back for some loving. Well there’ll be plenty of time for that. All the time in the world.’
Torbin suddenly felt conflicted. In one instance his mind was telling him to get out of here, go back to the life that promised security, happiness. Then: how assured was that security? How permanent that happiness? This morning it all seemed to be in place, familiar and certain, and then he saw it crumble before his eyes, as if some elaborate structure had one crucial piece removed and he was losing sight of its original form – how it should be. 
‘I’m not going to forget what matters,’ Torbin said, partly to himself.
‘No, Torbin,’ Roidon assured. ‘That’s why you came here to help me.’

* * *





46

Zoraina woke to find him still in her bed. Now she studied him sleeping she concluded he was really rather unattractive. Was it something about his scaly forehead? No, there was nothing unusual there; she guessed in B’tari terms he was quite average looking. And last night she had certainly desired him … or was it more a desire to be once again fully integrated within the fold, and he was just some typical example of their kind? 
Their kind? Maybe too long on Earth in human form had taken her identity as a b’tari. There was a word for it: b’sapient – was the English translation. Those who had gone native. Then perhaps last night she was trying to convince herself otherwise. The drink, of course, helped, it seemed to smooth the edges of her nerves and his rough skin on hers.
She actually felt a sense of disgust now, but she didn’t want to rush out of bed and awaken him. She just wanted to get away. Away from this whole place. 
‘Yes I’m a b’sapient,’ she whispered to herself, answering the accusation in her head.
But where to go? The Kintra-machines were swarming half the galaxy. She was fortunate to make it to this place. It wasn’t even that she was simply taking refuge. No, there was work to be done. She still had overall responsibility for the Earth simulation. She’d insisted on it, it was essentially her baby. Incredibly, she was even allowed to keep it in her quarters, running away on its rechargeable power pack.
The room felt so claustrophobic now. She simply had to get out of here. Zoraina carefully pulled back the cover. She had nothing on, wondered if – were she human – she’d feel some degree of shame. There was probably a word for females who did what she had done and had no qualms about walking around nude, but fortunately it eluded her at this moment. Humans were supposed to be more demure, reserved about nudity. That was surely one of the things the b’tari male found appealing about her – the exotic human form combined with the un-inhibition of a b’tari female. Not that they were easy, it was just the sexual roles tended to be more even, as would be the case for same-sex human coupling.
Now the male was beginning to stir. He looked up at her. ‘Oh,’ he said. ‘I didn’t realize you---’
‘Never mind,’ she told him. ‘I expect you’ll be leaving now.’
‘Yes of course,’ he said, in a kind of ready agreement. ‘I didn’t mean to inconvenience you.’
‘Not at all,’ she said brightly. 
How different he seemed now, sober. Perhaps even regretful to have entered her boudoir (an Earth word she had learned from their movies). Yes, perhaps that’s how he saw it now; tempted by the exotic female into debasing himself, fulfilling some illicit kinky urge.
The male gathered up his things and hurried out without any further prompting needed from her. 
Now she sat staring at the cube that was planet Earth. Perhaps there was a way out of here. A safe way. A way that didn’t involve actually leaving. 
The cube had no interface port; it was entirely self-contained for a good reason – to prevent infiltration. In any case no biological could enter. 
She thought she should document this. <All the percipients in the sim are copies, even Torbin and Roidon. Only, the fidelity of their uploads is greater than the vast majority of others; their cognitive abilities unimpaired. Roidon in particular retains at least ninety percent of his memories. Torbin – well it was never straightforward for him; a number of his memories were deliberately omitted for his own sanity; a psychiatrist – who had been studying his profile – had that onerous task. The real versions are, by strict decree, in a profound state of unconsciousness, virtually zero neural function.> Close. 
Some believed their consciousness can actually be transferred into the sim, by dint that the psyche will always find the best available vessel. Zoraina had her doubts about that. But she wanted a way in, rather than create a copy. There had to be a way to interface. She had, of course, accessed part of the sim, had made modifications to one specific area. She was preparing a place for her interface, but there was only so much she could do. So much may only depend on what her mind could create; her subconscious adding detail to a basic enabling framework.  
That day she had no specific assignment other than to protect the Earth-cube. It also meant she had access to the most highly sophisticated lab currently in the B’tari stronghold. Really, this responsibility the council had given her they considered as no more than a way to keep her occupied. Roidon’s suggestion that he could effect a counter-plan from within the virtual realm was not taken seriously by the Council. They considered it beneath them. Now they, and the whole B’tari race, were regrouping. Well, she thought, regrouping or retreating? She knew of no strategy against the Kintra-machines. Unless she was deliberately being kept out of the loop.
Zoraina hastily showered, got dressed, ate breakfast, and felt a cortisone surge of anticipation through her body. The whole day was hers, and she would make damn good use of it.
She hurried out, carrying the cube under her arm as if it were a prized gift she couldn’t bear to be parted from, hoping not to pass anyone on the way to the lab. She waited as the system identified her, then tentatively entered the room. There were two males and a female inside the bright white console arrayed room. They all stopped their work to look at her, all three showing almost equal surprise at her presence. The most senior-looking male approached her.
‘Can I be of assistance, ma’am?’ he said in B’tar.
‘Yes,’ she replied in the same language. ‘I need a way of interfacing with this Earth-simulation.’ Might as well come out with it directly, she thought. 
He looked at her quizzically for a few seconds. ‘Sorry, I am not obliged to assist you in that capacity,’ his formal statement.
‘I understand. There are protocols.’ She nodded. ‘However, I am sure you can provide me with the necessary equip---’
‘No. That will not be possible.’
‘All right. I will find the equipment myself.’
‘Well, as a grade three scientist, you do have the right to use this facility. But we can not assist you in any way.’
‘As you have made clear.’
The senior male scratched his head, then turned about, pointed to another door. ‘You might find something useful in there.’
The gun-metal grey room was filled with various cables and connectors. There were quiescent translucent screens covered in a sheen of dust. She wouldn’t have been surprised if this area hadn’t been used for decades. And again she did get the sense of her being a child humoured by the adults. ‘Let her think she is doing something useful, at least it will keep her out of trouble,’ she imagined them saying.
Anyway, Zoraina set the cube down on a work bench, once again staring at it, trying to imagine the immense complexity of activity going on in those quantum-level processor arrays: billions of lives lived out as though they were real. She was also studying it for some kind of access port. Of course it had to be well hidden, but feeling over it with her fingers didn’t reveal anything.
She looked around for a scanning device. On the side of the work bench she found an EM differential scanner, pointed it at the cube. The device bleeped over a certain area that looked completely smooth. With applied pressure from her finger a small section depressed and then popped out to reveal an optronic port. A fairly universal interface. There had to be a connector. And sure enough...
But it was never going to be that simple. She hooked the cube up to one of the old consoles. When it activated it told her it needed two thousand-plus updates for safe operation. Not now though. But it only recognized the connection on the level of a matrix-class processing unit. Ancient tech; she didn’t recognize the operating system: the monitor presented a basic menu, an old resistance field touch screen. Selecting the ‘analyses high-level operations’ revealed another menu: NARROW PARAMETERS TO SUBUNITS. SELECT. Too many to list. PLEASE SPECIFY BY VOICE. ‘Show me Roidon Chanley.’ After about twenty seconds the screen represented a map of New Mexico on which a green dot winked, tagged RC.
‘Increase resolution.’
INSUFFICIENT INTERFACE FOR INCREASED DATA TRANSCRIPTION.
Zoraina ripped the cable out of the cube. At the now completely destroyed moon-base there would have been the equipment for neural interface. Had none of it been salvaged?.
She stormed into the main lab. The younger male and female researchers were laughing about something. Was it about her – the child sent in with the toys who thought she could do something worthwhile? Zoraina scoured at them, then turned to the more senior scientist. He could obviously sense her annoyance. ‘Sorry,’ he said, ‘is there---’
‘Damn right there is something you can do to help. I need to do some serious research with the proper equipment, not some centuries old discarded junk. Do you understand?’
‘Yes, but---’
‘But I have been entrusted with the safe upkeep of this simulation, which means I need to connect using a mind interface.’
He took a sharp intake of breath. ‘That is most irregular. I will need to seek authority from our research commissioner.’
‘Really no time for that. This sim is in an unknown functional state, and it is imperative I do a detailed analysis.’
‘We may be able to provide a higher resolution display of its functional matrix.’
‘Oh, the equipment for the grown-ups,’ she sneered. ‘Well, given this is the main hub of B’tari operations, I am sure you also have a neural interface array – that no else is likely to be needing.’
‘Mahem Zardor,’ he said, addressing her by the formal title. ‘As a scientist you must appreciate the considerable risks involved in connecting your mind to an Earth-based simulation. I cannot take responsibility for any---’
‘No no, sure. Give me whatever waver there is to sign and I will gladly do so. Now show me the procedure.’
He finally relented and led her over to to a fairly ordinary-looking plastic chair but with a metal headband, balanced on a hook, from which protruded a single cable disappearing into the back. She donned it.
The scientist connected the cable to the cube. And then ... a flash of white. A feeling of euphoria. Then darkness.
Part Six: Escape
47

Here was somewhere different. A dimly lit room – just a blue background light. Wires connected to his metal body. But he still felt  human. Or was that just the memory of it carrying through like a phantom limb? 
Ah, yes, human memory: both a thing of refuge but also a distractingly heavy burden. And so many ways to seek the former while escaping the latter. But not now, not here the means to choose.
Still, he’d been dreaming – of a life he once had when he’d first tasted humanity, his own and others. The wonder of nature. The intoxication of a summer’s garden, where he felt as carefree as the wildlife appeared to be. Holding a woman whose body was receptive to his every touch but whose mind was still enough of a mystery that he yearned only for more intimacy. 
There was no going back once you got a taste for it. Life. Forget the hyper intellect and the flawlessly logical thinking; that was all willingly sacrificed for the visceral emotional fuzziness of being alive. The flood of the senses. Maybe the contrast had made it feel special. 
Now the muted in-between, just the fading dreams.
If this was the Kintra base, why had they kept him alive when there was a near perfect copy running around, infiltrating and undermining the best efforts of the B’tari?
Yet this could be the worst of both worlds. Paralysed but with a mind intact. Trapped in reality.
Something stirred in the corner, a figure. No ... not him? Roidon turned his gaze back to the dimly lit blue ceiling.
‘Roidon,’ came his own voice. ‘Don’t ignore me now. That won’t help matters at all.’ The figure, his own previous human form, loomed over him.
‘Why shouldn’t I?’ he thought he replied. ‘You are are clearly but a figment of my imagination brought on by sensory deprivation.’
‘Or I could be another clone, courtesy of the Elusivers.’ That version grinned, somewhat menacingly: a contortion of him.
‘This is a waste of time. Get out of my mind.’
‘First you must leave this room.’
‘How do you suggest I do that?’
‘Err. By getting up and walking.’
‘This body does not function.’
‘Yes it does.’
He tried lifting his head. Nothing. Proprioception almost non-existent.
‘Try a bit harder now.’
The room tilted. Yes, he was moving. His tritanium-alloy torso rising from the couch, willed to life. An image of himself – the metal monster. The thing exists. I am the thing!
His clone had vanished, at which point he felt once more to be in control. But had no idea where this is or how he got here.
Another memory returning, unless a dream: being taken somewhere far away, not by something malign. They had saved him; his benefactors. For what? More tests?
He got off the bed. And it was only then he discovered the restraining field. A pale blue aura roughly the shape of his body now flickered. He had overloaded it just with his strength. They didn’t trust him, yet they trusted their own security too much. 
Shall I be the monster – the impostor?
He took a few staggering paces towards the door. He even thought he could hear the sound of servos whirring. Absurd; he was supposed to be mechanical perfection, the thing he most detested. But it may well serve him now.
The exit – judging by the door’s recessed bulk – seemed to have a simple slide mechanism. The side panel: a hand-print and vascular topology reader. Apparently unhackable, they must have considered adequate security from inside.
Roidon gave the door the hardest kick he could muster. It sent him flying back, slamming on the ground. He got up, seemingly unharmed. The door had a crack in it. This time he hit it with his palm. The crack increased. Repeated the action until a section broke clean away. He took a few seconds to dwell on the extreme force he must have used. The restraining field a gesture only to elicit anger; a gamble that they’d keep him contained.
He emerged into a dimly lit corridor. As far as he could see, only a dull amber glow pervaded the long curving section. This area seemed to be isolated. Abandoned. Roidon still had a moment of dread that he’d been captured by the Kintra machines, and that they had his every move under close surveillance, just standing by to clamp down on his little transgression, as if a toddler had escaped its pen.
But he kept walking. The corridor went on and on. Occasionally he would pass a door, with an unidentifiable security panel, knowing he would have to exert every effort to break through. 
Eventually he reached an end. A door presented before him, bringing to mind the Kintra base where he had been forced to make a choice about his existence and that of his other self. It certainly gave the lie to any notion of individuality. As if he could ever really be fooled. But like everyone, every sane sentient being, he wanted to hold to that very notion, to be convinced. Only, even now, he could hear in his mind the stilted tones of the B’tari Temporal Directive being quoted: ‘What defined you were your actions, not the fact of your being.’
On this door there was not even a security panel, at least not one that was visible. Really it was just a rectangular recess. So again he kicked, one foot then the next. Alternating between them. This exit was not going to give so easily; not even a crack. Hadn’t anyone detected his presence here? 
After about five minutes Roidon felt himself tire. It was a type of fugue state. Everything seemed to recede. He sat on the hard shiny floor. 
How do I recover? Upon that thought a display came into his mind: a series of bars and graphs that for a few seconds didn’t make any sense, then he noticed one bar beginning to rise from a red to an amber. Just rest now, he thought. When the status bar had turned green he mentally ordered it away. No more floaty graphics, no more reminders.
Another minute passed. And then the door slid open. The figure in padded military-style garb was clearly B’tari, holding some kind of weapon.
Roidon just about managed to speak. ‘I do not wish to cause you any harm. How about you?’
‘Earth. English. Captured?’ The guard seemed nonplussed as if completely uninformed about Roidon’s imprisonment.
‘I’ve been held here as a prisoner. I need to speak to your commander.’ 
The guard appeared to be in communication, nodding his head every so often. Then two others, heavily armed, emerged from that same section of corridor.
‘We will escort you to the commander,’ the first one announced. 
Roidon went along with them, whilst analyzing his possible options of escape, none of which looked promising; he was flanked by one guard each side and one behind. B’tari weapons were an unknown quantity to him now. And even though he had the clear advantage of reflex, was that really worth testing?
‘I’d be interested to know where this is,’ he said to no one in particular.
‘This is our central base,’ said the lead guard. ‘You will not be leaving here. But if you did, there would be no way to reunite with the machines.’
Roidon did not bother to say anything in response.
He was mildly surprised that they actually did end up in the commander’s office, or at least someone who announced themselves to be head of this base.
The treated pinewood panelled office looked inspired by Earth late twenty-first century design. What was it with the B’tari and their obsession with the blue planet? Roidon had to stop himself from laughing. The irony of a race considerably more advanced, and as such so careful not to contaminate the culture of other worlds.
The commander, however, looked very traditionally B’tari; his face with that reptilian edge, as if the dinosaurs had survived to evolve on earth without mammal competition. He had the full naval garb of the white jacket and gold epaulets. Again the Earth influence. 
The guards still flanked him; he tried to pretend they were not there.
‘The eponymous Roidon Chanley,’ the commander boomed in clear English. ‘We’d almost given you up for dead.’
‘So you acknowledge my identity.’
A smile formed. ‘In as much as our genetic and neural-print scans inform us.’
‘Then that other man who goes by my name. He is the impostor.’
The commander shook his head. ‘Not as simple as that. He passes all of the tests as well.’
‘Well, naturally,’ Roidon muttered.
‘Then you see our dilemma. Who is the original?’
‘I began in an organic body; my brain was removed and placed in this machine.’
‘Yes, I’ve read the report. And you claim the other man is an alien – an Elusiver – transformed into you?’
‘That other version, however he started, is essentially me – I admit – but I think if you analyses deeply enough you’d find the subtle influence of the Elusivers.’
‘Conjecture, is it not?’
‘A reasonable hypothesis. The Elusivers espouse a more radical strategy.’
‘And how about you?’ The commander patted his desk once as if passing over a physical manifestation of his argument, to take up.
‘I just want to be returned to my old body. I have no strategy other than to seek freedom and enjoyment.’
The commander laughed uproariously. ‘You know what? I think I actually believe you.’
‘In that case, you must remove my other version unless you want the Elusivers to take control once again.’
The commander stroked his pointed chin. ‘I’m afraid that will not be quite so simple. Your … other version is in stasis, whilst a copy of his mind in running in a simulation of Earth.’
‘Fine. If Central Council are okay with that then so am I. Better that they are informed though.’
‘Mr Chanley, I shall see to it your stay here is as comfortable as possible. A new quarters has been assigned. I will personally keep you informed of events.’ 
The commander stood up, nodded to his guards. Roidon followed them out, disappointed and doubtful that the Council would even be informed of what he had told, much less that anything would change, at least if he did nothing. But then, would they really expect him to comply?

* * *





48

I can go back. 
Roidon couldn’t stop him. No one could stop him. But right now Torbin could not face going back into that sweltering desert. Right now he was in an air-conditioned underground laboratory, sat in a relatively comfortable plastic chair with a glass of water he never imagined could taste so good. Roidon was seated at a work bench, running through some calculations. Torbin didn’t understand any of it. Apparently he was supposed to understand quite a lot about this stuff.
‘Your amnesia I’m sure is temporary,’ Roidon assured him.
‘How would you know that?’ Torbin questioned of the younger man.
‘I know about the crash.’
‘Crash?’
‘I read your employee psych report. Had to do a bit of digging into the system of course.’
‘I don’t remember any crash?’
Roidon nodded, again in that knowing way. ‘That’s because you have been suffering from amnesia.’
Torbin thought back over events of the previous weeks. He’d taken time off, that must be why. He was recovering. Could it be that he’d completely blanked the memory of an accident from his mind? 
Roidon said, ‘I know this must be troubling for you. But I can assure you you will recover.’
Roidon seemed very confident. Yes, confident was the word to describe that man; it bellied his youthful appearance, which maybe he had mistaken for arrogance after all.
‘I’m sorry to disappoint you, Roidon, but I really don’t think I am up to the job.’
‘Nonsense,’ came Roidon’s swift reply. ‘Take a look at these duotronic response figures.’
A mass of point numbers blossomed before him, plotted on a basic x & y graph – joined on a wavering line. What he saw made no sense, to begin with. But then something strange happened. There was a familiarity developing before him. These were references to time fractions. The horizontal line referred to graviton intensity, the vertical: generated power. 
‘That’s time being slowed,’ Torbin realized ‘Those figures refer to photon velocity.’
‘Correct. But that’s just the start.’ Roidon waved his hand in a sweeping gesture, and a floating screen appeared. ‘I recorded my first successful temporal erasure experiment.’ It showed Roidon placing a child’s doll in the pod he’d previously seen. He then retreated to the console array and said, ‘Execute program alpha 48b.’ Then the camera turned back to the pod, focusing on the doll inside – an approximation of life that had a curiously macabre quality. It simply vanished, there was no flash or noise. The screen then disappeared.
‘What happened to it?’ Torbin asked.
‘That’s the thing,’ Roidon admitted. ‘I cannot be entirely sure. It may have been erased from time or simply to an earlier moment, whereupon it would simply be subject to the same experiment – in a temporal loop if you like. Accuracy is very much the missing factor here. It took hundreds of experiments – adjusting input levels – just to get that doll to disappear at all!’
‘Interesting.’
‘That was hardly worth noting,’ Roidon emphasized ‘You wouldn’t be quite so impressed if you’d remembered the work we’d previously done.’
‘You do look familiar to me,’ Torbin found himself saying. ‘I don’t quite understand, though. I remember my past. No, I think I … certain details aren’t there.’
‘That’s not important now. We should just focus on the future.
‘My future is not entirely this … project,’
‘It is more than merely a project, it is the future of humankind.’
Torbin raised himself off the chair. ‘Oh, how very … grandiose. Well, excuse me for not having a level of trust in you to go along with this … assignment. But really I’m not convinced.’
Roidon nodded in that familiar way that was really starting to annoy Torbin. ‘Too much too soon. I quite understand.’
‘Good. I’m glad you understand.’ Torbin then headed for the door.
‘Don’t be taken in by the surface appearance of things,’ Roidon said as Torbin was about walk through the door. ‘The truth will reveal itself.’
‘I will bear that in mind.’
As he stepped out in the searing heat, Torbin had a moment of panic. How do I locate my car? That thing: a tiny triangle tattooed on my wrist, speak into it. ‘Car. Come to me.’
His car landed before him in less than a minute. He rushed into it, panicky and nauseous. ‘Up, ten thousand metres,’ he told it.
‘Inertial compensators engaged,’ it informed him helpfully.
It occurred to him that rather than evading detection he’d more likely achieved the opposite. But now he couldn’t think where to go. Back home; Emelda waiting, promising what he wanted more than anything, what she’d been denying him for quite some time now. He couldn’t think why. His memory – it really was letting him down; things he sensed, crucial but uncomfortable as if obscured by some fog, always out of reach. Maybe there was something he was keeping from himself, something so deeply wrong that to know it would break him. 
Forgetting. Isn’t that what keeps us sane? 
Well, he knew there was something not entirely right at home. It felt like there was a truth about their relationship that he didn’t want to face. Was it the accident? Had it meant he was no longer able to please her? Pretending this morning that everything was fine. But when he had wanted her so badly, it was like he’d returned after years away even though he remembered the previous days, the unremarkable days there to recount but as if in monochrome – more like a dream without emotional resonance. A day at work, an evening of relaxing at home – eating, watching some holo-drama with no recollection of a plot. As far as he knew they had not made love in a long time, just another vague memory that might have itself have been a dream. Had he not tried? Been upset about it?
For now, he could not go back home. It would be the first place his boss would look, and he could never explain his sudden absconding, or admit he was not able to do his job. He’d needed a way back in, somehow pick up where he’d left off.
‘Need more time to think,’ he told himself.
There was only one place he knew to find solace from – from the confusion that was his life. 
‘Take me to the forest,’ he told the car.
It seemed to know what he meant, moving swiftly, no more than a second after his command – pushing him back in the seat despite inertial damping – as if it sensed and reinforced his urgent need to be there.
Under a forest canopy, a thousand thoughts competing for his full attention. The past; the future; the truth. The lies? None of these resolving in his mind. Now he wanted to shut them all down. Now he just saw what was around him. Birds fluttering, chirping; indifferent to his presence. 
Something odd, though. One bird kept repeating its pattern of chirps. Another one flew past him at exactly the same angle, every twenty seconds. Even the way the leaves rustled had something of a repetition about them. 
Am I going crazy? He had to swill that thought around in his mind, test it against what he already knew. 
But what he knew didn’t quite add up.

* * *





49

It was a curious thing. After the white light of pure blissful oblivion, she had a moment, here in this seemingly ordinary bedroom, of a newness of being. No sense of a past, or a future. There was just now. Not even the worried confusion of not remembering.
A freshness. It was lovely.
It faded. Memory seeped back in a flourish as if a dam collapsed; a program kicking in. The mission; the experiment. Then a momentary relief at the success of having been ported in to a virtual realm and still retaining awareness. One of only two in a virtual Earth with such knowledge? But the only one truly connected to a body in the real.
Zoraina turned over to look at the other side of the bed. She was alone. Of course; she had a mission. No distractions. The thought occurred that this porting into the Earth program entailed a submersion into a life, just as it had with Torbin or even Roidon. The idea of being part of a couple seemed rather appealing, suddenly. And even though the concept of being a wife was not one cultural practice the B’tari found attractive, it did have a certain appeal. Not that she’d ever consider being subservient, or being defined by who she was married to, or given status therein; or even being bound into fidelity and conjugal duty. Not in real life. In the real world that would be unconscionable. But here was an opportunity to play at being in a role, perhaps in a way she’d have liked as a child who, like so many, studied planet Earth. That fantasy of having a family, a child of her own. Perhaps an embracement of some nascent biological urge. But it wore off. Instead, she’d devoted her life to academia. Anthropology allowed her to take her study of humans to the kind of obsessive depth that she at least hoped would fulfill a longing.
Except it didn’t. She had to go one step further. To be human, to make love to a human (and to think of sex in such a human term). But even that wasn’t enough. She was never really immersed into their world.
Well, now could be different.
Now she had a mission. Except this time no one was telling her what to do. She knew what to do. Well in actual fact there were two options: find Torbin Lyndau or find Roidon Chanley. And then what?
Roidon appeared to have a plan. What she knew from records, he was not a man to be dissuaded from his objective. But she knew somehow he had to be kept in check. Torbin: he was bound to be in trouble. If it wasn’t for Roidon and his plan, it may have seemed more wise, more ethical to simply suspend the Earth sim. But would doing that make her into some kind of god? What if they were given a warning that their existence were to cease, even if only temporarily? Many would simply not be able to conceptualize that, like many can’t imagine the total oblivion of the materialist-atheist death. What was the word they used? Permaperceptuality. We all must be inclined to that, she reasoned.
She got up, went through the usual routines now in her rather idyllic cabin with windows onto a likewise mountain vista, putting off facing the possible realization that on this planet she would not be equipped with B’tari standard tech. The most advanced technology she found in this house was an Earth-standard computer terminal, with an ethically compliant subsentient AI.
Eventually she forced herself to leave the cabin. There was only an Earth-standard vehicle. Its hatch opened to welcome her as if she were its true owner, the thought now strengthening that she had not been adequately prepared, that her commander would not even approve. How he’d like to say ‘told you so, for going it alone’ in some more formalized way. Well, she was in effect suspended from official duties. This was a chance for redemption – the superficial reason, she told herself, compared to what really mattered.
‘You’d better work for me,’ she told the car’s console. ‘Give me the location of Torbin Lyndau.’  
‘Do you wish his location to be your destination?’
‘Yes I do!’
Her car then obliged without further questions.
Torbin peered up in bemusement as her car landed in the forest clearing. Zoraina had no real strategy regarding him. But she felt responsible for him, for his existence – in a curious way. He would not exist (this copy) if she had not given into Roidon’s persuasion. And now seeing him hunched alone in a forest he cut a uniquely pathetic figure. She suspected Roidon was behind this; somehow his influence had permeated Torbin’s fragile psyche. 
Her car landed silently a few metres from the troubled man. He got to his feet, standing straight as if in some gesture of formality.
She took the few tentative steps towards him, raised her hand in a semi wave, and said, ‘You may not know who I am. I’m Zoraina Zardor, your liaison officer.’ She waited for a reaction.
Torbin’s expression reverted once again to nonplussed, he cocked his head sideways to study her. Was he appreciating her preternatural human beauty or merely appraising her credibility? He said eventually, ‘Liaison? Between who?’
‘An eccentric megalomaniac named Roidon Chanley.’
He lurched forward, arms out as if he was about to grab her. She took a step back. ‘That man,’ he said. ‘What is it with him? Can I trust him?’
‘I wouldn’t. But then I would be speaking on behalf of the female population here. In terms of work, he is an extremely competent man. He knows his stuff.’
‘What do you know about me?’ His eyes were wide; beseeching.
‘That you are also a highly competent physicist, and that you care about what happens to life on this planet.’
‘Something is wrong with me. With this – here. My life. That’s why you’re here, isn’t it?’ 
He was having doubts about this reality. Troubling.
‘Oh. You’ve been having problems. Since the accident, right?’
‘I can’t do this. I just want my life back.’
She chanced a reassuring touch on his shoulder. ‘And you will get your life back. You’ll be fine.’
‘So you’re working for that man Roidon? But you said you don’t trust him.’
‘I wouldn’t trust him as – in a relationship sense. But as a colleague, he is dedicated.’
It only happened for a brief moment, perhaps no more than a second. Torbin’s form flickered, then shimmered like an ancient cathode ray image for a few seconds more. When he returned to normal his expression seemed unchanged. 
‘What’s the matter?’ he said. She realized she must have been staring at him in an odd manner.
‘Oh ... erm … nothing.’
‘Did I zone out? I did have this weird feeling; kinda faint.’
‘But you’re fine now?’
‘I … guess. Maybe it was some kind of after effect from the accident.’ He looked at her intensely. ‘Is there something you’re not telling me?’
‘No.’ she tried to think what she should do. Clearly there was a problem with the sim. Maybe only a random glitch. There was just no way to get a diagnostic from in the system.
‘Okay,’ he said. ‘Then I guess you’ll be going.’
‘Is that what you’d prefer?’
‘I’m not fussed either way.’
‘You can’t just stay here. I can take you back to your home.’
‘I think I might have some explaining to do to my wife. In any case I have my own car.’
‘Take care, Torbin. I will be in touch.’ Then just as she was turning to leave, Torbin shimmered again along with the rest of the scenery.
Zoraina made a dash for her car through what had become a psychedelic wavering and fusing of meadow flowers and trees. Her car was flickering in and out of existence; there seemed no way to be able to board it. She turned back to see the distant figure of Torbin; he had become the detuned old-set image, until he simply vanished. She couldn’t imagine what that must be like, there were no comparisons, maybe Torbin’s mind would simply interpret that through some human rational way as so often happens with paranormal experiences – if he ever would return. 
Her surroundings were losing objects; the landscape becoming bare, all but grass and even that was losing definition. No car now. She collapsed to the grass which itself disappeared. And then the whiteness – the near oblivion.

They were peering over her with concerned expressions. For a brief moment she thought this was an operating theatre. Then the man in the white lab coat became prominent, a detached if mildly concerned expression on his face. The chief scientist. ‘Zoraina. Back to reality,’ he observed. ‘Are you okay?’
‘I think I am.’
‘The sim appears to have become unstable: most likely a loss of integrity in the core matrix from too many simultaneous subroutines. We’re running a diagnostic.’
‘Packed too much in, right?’ she said. ‘Needs a larger vessel.’
‘Quantum interference. Quite possibly,’ the scientist acknowledged.
‘Then find a bigger vessel. This sim is far too important to leave to disintegrate.’
‘There is a backup copy.’
‘No, that’s just an outdated scan. Have to restart this one.’
‘We’ll see.’
There was something in his dismissive tone that irked Zoraina. She forced herself off the couch; only then did the background listlessness really take hold. She felt the life drain out from her as if pulled away by gravity. 
Now the world drifted away.

* * *





50

Roidon had made up his mind. The fact that he was essentially a prisoner, however comfortable these new quarters were with their specially adapted total immersion entertainment, made him all the more resolved that he’d never accept being confined to this gilded cage.
Yes, perhaps this was a change. A sense of purpose now, a greater purpose than pleasure – which had been enough, or at least enough when he sought it out on his own terms rather than have it offered to him as a pacifier. There was a greater objective, one with potential rewards that no virtual program could offer.
One thing the commander had not known about Roidon was his ability to exploit every situation for some future plan. On the way to his quarters he had stolen a stungun – no bigger than a man’s thumb – from one of the guards; he had taken a spare power pack from the other. His semi-metalic hands had powerful electromagnets. The guards were carrying conventional phase weapons ready to use if Roidon decided to go his own way; the stun guns were more intended for biological beings.
And so it was only a matter of time before the staff inventory check had shown one stun gun and a powerpack short. He waited, prepared, for his visitor. 
Two guards, in fact, with guns and armour entered his room without any notice. They fixed him in their sights with inscrutable expressions.
‘We have been authorized to search every room in your quarters.’ The taller one’s voice was calm, matter-of-fact.
‘I can save you the trouble,’ Roidon said equally calmly. ‘Since I know it is this you are looking for.’ 
He fired the device at the guard, followed by the next. Their response was woefully too slow for his enhanced reflex, even with their weapons trained on him. Also his ability to aim precisely, for there was only a small exposed area on the face vulnerable to the beam.
He took one of the more heavy duty weapons and walked out, along the corridor. It seemed no alarm had been triggered so far. But even after using the souped-up stun-gun the guards would regain consciousness within the hour. Of course he could have killed them, but for all things he was regarded as being, a callous killer was not one of them. Besides, he had no real enmity with the B’tari – they had for so long been his benefactors, and this was no time for making further enemies. The gun he carried now was on the lowest setting, it would certainly cause a nasty headache after a prolonged unconsciousness, not that anyone else could see their life would not be in danger.
Inevitably he reached a locked door. He tried an energy weapon, but even on full setting it wasn’t enough to do more than fuse the lock. At least he only had to wait for more security to burst through. He managed to stun three, then a group of four, then six. Then he switched to the energy weapon to incapacitate an autobot – a dull silver hovering multilimbed thing with a dome top weapon barrel. He used his own strength to rip out its power supply connector. 
Now red lights were flashing along with a siren. He was engulfed in smoke, so switched to infrared. He heard a millisecond of an inordinately loud sonic grenade before his audio receptors shut down. As he made for the outer corridor they were throwing everything at him. He headed up for the observation deck. A transparent tube through which he could see the sea, turquoise from the interior illumination. Through all the morass Roidon had a moment of synchrony; his brain and body in perfect harmony, his legs working like pistons steering him out of trouble faster than the fastest human. There was no fear or doubt, just a focus on the objective. And it felt good. He felt wonderfully unselfconsciously alive. That surprised him, in a brief moment of self-reflection. 
Along here he had to find a docking port. It was not difficult; there was an airlock from a smaller diverting tube. It seemed they had given up on preventing him from leaving. Why were they so keen for him to stay in any case? The B’tari weren’t stupid, surely they knew he would never be satisfied as a prisoner. Now he simply got into the nearest docked available vessel and told it to leave. It didn’t comply, of course, telling him his voice did not match authorized, but it was worth a try. Instead he told it he had a bad throat, then took out the swab he’d used to take a saliva sample from one of the security staff and smeared it on the DNA receptor pad. After a few tense seconds it accepted authentication. It seemed, here, they really were complacent about security. To much trust, too little suspicion from a race who never knew descent in their ranks. 
And so he left, ascending upwards and into space. B’tari vessels were always so versatile. And although this one was capable of space travel, it was not enough for the kind of journey he had in mind. He requested it find the main docking bay. The craft obeyed without hesitation, heading down to some subterranean hanger, but it was beyond its capability to evade the potential onslaught of the two craft approaching. 
‘Rescind! Full speed up.’ 
They were not firing, despite having the perfect opportunity to do so. Not even any attempt to communicate. Observing, it seemed, perhaps ensuring he really was leaving. 
‘What is the minimum time it will take to reach Earth?’ 
‘Twenty-eight Earth years, based on twenty-seven point six years of zero power momentum – unencumbered.’
‘Destination Earth, then, unless you detect wormholes, or other craft. In such an event you will wake me.’
‘Understood.’
In the cargo hold he discovered a stasis unit; B’tari craft were always reassuringly well equipped, prepared for emergencies to the point of neurosis. The unit, however, wasn’t exactly designed for someone of his construction. For a start the pod was too short, so he had to crouch with his knees pushing against the translucent top cover, and the head pads couldn’t seem to adjust properly to lock his position. He was sure most humans would fit in fine. Another reminder of his freakish nature; had such physical mismatches been a tipping point for the captured humans in this new form? At least the somnambulant probes attached manually to the softer exposed part of his face. 
Finally ready. Just needed to give the command. But the doubt had crept in that he’d ever be revived. He didn’t trust the ship, it could be loyal to another master. Perhaps it had been intended that he use this vessel. What better to put him out of action than for him to do it himself? A perfect solution for them. It would certainly explain why the ships had allowed him to leave. But what other option did he have now? There was no going back to base. Roidon Chanley: a man with no future other than oblivion. 
So be it, he thought, and gave the command to initiate stasis. His last thought that it may well be his last.

* * *





51

Torbin tried to make sense of it, but there was something wrong with his thinking, like he couldn’t shift his brain into any analytical mode. 
Something’s wrong. That simple thought repeating as he stared into the tall woods. Who was she really, and how could she just vanish? Had he imagined her; was she some manifest result of his desire for a woman? Surely things hadn’t gotten so bad that his mind resorted to hallucination, someone to give him what Emelda was denying him, for all her excuses. Gone like a beautiful sprite. Only he remembered she said she would keep in touch.
‘Focus,’ he told himself, and headed back to his car. Then told it to take him home.
Home. The word no longer had the same resonance. It felt like an empty word when it should have evoked a feeling of warmth, of reassurance; of where his core identity resided. But it was just a place where he lived, with a woman who claimed to love him but with only the minimum expression of it. 
When he arrived, she was there. Emelda slouching on the sofa, wearing what looked like a soft fabric pyjama set of purple matching top and bottoms watching some holo-soap, sipping coffee. She gave a perfunctory acknowledgement of his presence. She turned round and said, ‘Your boss called through, wanted to know if you’d be back at work tomorrow. I said you’d let him know.’
‘Was that all he said?’ 
‘Pretty much.’
‘I see.’ Something not right here, he sensed. He wanted to ask her why his boss hadn’t shown more concern, why Emelda was not more concerned.
‘Oh, and your friend Roidon dropped by. Said he was sorry to have missed you. I told him you needed time to yourself these days. He seemed very understanding.’
‘Roidon … dropped by?’
‘Yes, it was him – his ident checked out at the door.’
‘Oh, I’m sure it was him.’ Torbin paused, took a breath. ‘Did he stay long?’
Emelda put her hand to her mouth in a sign of contemplation. ‘Humm, now let me see. He stayed about half an hour. Long enough for a quick fuck and a coffee afterwards.’
‘Em. That’s not even funny.’
She gave a sharp intake of breath. ‘He’s your best mate apparently, knows all about you. But maybe you don’t know him very well.’
‘I know he’s a womanizer.’
‘Oh, a womanizer is he? And I’m just the woman to be izered.’ She got up off the couch. Her look was intense. She pushed at his chest provocatively. ‘Maybe you should try womanising me.’
Torbin shook his head. ‘Well, I seem to have lost my ability at that.’
‘Why not give it a try?’
This was it. His moment.
‘Come on then,’ she taunted, and took her top off to reveal her naked breasts. Got closer to him. He detected a faint perfume; it was wonderful, sexual, as if her pheromone had been made into a conscious scent. Would Roidon have detected it? Enjoyed it?
He was certainly aroused enough now. She stood with her hands apart from her hips, palms facing him in a gesture to match her last words. The purple bottoms clung to her generous yet firm curves. He pulled them down slowly and tentatively to reveal high cut white panties. He got down on his knees and started caressing the exposed parts of her bottom, then working his hands around the front. Her skin felt surprisingly smooth; he got closer and detected the faint aroma of coconut oil. His hands rubbed without friction. He thought he heard her sigh, or perhaps it was a groan of pleasure. Torbin so wanted to please. He felt enraptured in her sex, the very potential of all she had to offer.
Then, as he began to slide down her panties, she hoisted him to his feet from under his arms with a surprising strength. She wagged a finger at him in mock rebuke, then peered down at his crotch. A brief smile and a gentle nod before slowly undoing his trousers. But as soon as she started to work his underpants down, the thing he most feared happened: he climaxed. ‘Dammit,’ he muttered but loud enough for her to hear.
This time the sound she made was definitely a sigh. ‘Again. You need to relax, Torbin. You’re too tense.’
‘It’s just I wanted you so bad,’ he admitted.
‘Well, there’ll be other times.’
Will there? 
She must have seen the disconsolate look on his face. ‘Oh Torbin,’ she said. ‘What’s happened to us?’
‘I don’t---’
She embraced him. He allowed himself to be caught in the waves of her long red hair, welcomed the mild asphyxiation from the sweet scent. 
‘We’ll be okay, Torbin. I just know it.’
He wanted to say: ‘So do I,’ but he was beyond talking now. 

* * *





52

They released Zoraina on her own insistence. She wanted to take the Earth sim back to her quarters – she didn’t trust it being out of her sight – but eventually conceded that it would be best remaining in the lab. There they reassured her how connected to the sensor grid it could be monitored for any further malfunctions. The chief technician told her that it was currently stable, essentially plugged into their mains. Her first instinct was to re-immerse. She’d tried to come up with a good reason, but nothing her rational mind was telling her added up to a justification. Her role in there was to ensure Torbin and Roidon cooperate towards one specific solution that was fully ingrained (it seemed) in Roidon’s mind, and Roidon only needed an assistant. Except therein lay the problem. What she knew of Torbin is that he is a man of considerable pride who would not take kindly to be anything less than an equal partner in this venture. Did a clash of egos improve their chances of reaching the desired goal? The male competitive approach, while potentially leading to innovation, also risked catastrophic failure – pushing the limits just a little too far. With humans especially it had ever been thus: the gamble, the high risk stakes. Life, she had to admit, would be considerably more interesting in the sim.
Instead, she was walking along the efficiently lit corridor towards her comfortable yet boringly functional sleeping quarters. Until something caused her to stop. Out the corner of her eye a figure had emerged from the side, though only briefly and then disappeared ... into a room? A room she didn’t know even existed. The door: it was just an oblong impression, she’d never noticed before. There was a hand vascular-ID plate, she placed her palm on. It opened. It was dark inside. She felt a surge of adrenaline, requested lights. Nothing. The door had automatically shut behind her. When her eyes eventually adjusted she was able to see faint outlines of furniture. She noticed a red LED type light, enough to give the faint glow to the room, so moved towards it. It was part of another door. She touched it and it opened. The room seemed so bright it dazzled her. When her eyes eventually adjusted, she saw the tall spindly figure standing before her. Zoraina’s heart pounded so hard she knew her fear was manifest and made her look like the trapped prey that she felt herself to be. 
This room looked similar to the laboratory, or – she reconsidered – more like that of the native human who’d hidden his centre of operations under his hut. A moment of mutual comprehension: The B’tari and the Elusiver.
‘I’m sorry,’ she managed. ‘I didn’t mean to intrude.’ Yet this being was the intruder – a creature of legend for all their power; the ones the B’tari had most feared before the Machines took over.
‘B’tari female, like human.’ It said in her native language, its voice whispery and oddly nasal, rolling the words around in the way an alien would. 
‘Yes. I understand you.’
‘They are near. The artificial ones.’
‘The machines – the Kintra?’
‘You are not safe. They are observing.’
‘Why are you here? How did you---’
‘No. Here is not important. Not in any place.’
‘You got into our most secure base.’
‘No. Not in any base.’
‘I don’t understand,’ she admitted.
‘Close eyes.’ 
There was a moment where she just stood staring at the creature, trying to assess any malign intent. Wondering what he could do to her unaware. Even so, she shut her eyes but only for a couple of seconds. 
The room was empty. All the equipment gone, and just near darkness; an unused room. She left, trying to accept that the creature had somehow infiltrated the most secure base in the B’tari stronghold. Yet he denied actually being there so maybe she was merely seeing some kind of projection. Still, this base – two kilometres under the ocean bed – was also constantly monitored for rogue signals. 
As she walked the final few metres to her quarters, Zoraina felt the floor shake. She rushed the rest of the way. In her room the visual display was up, showing, tagged in red, objects surrounding the labyrinthine architecture. There had been no known Machine presence within a thousand light years and still surely the B’tari had to be constantly monitoring for the slightest hint of an invasion. The B’tari had not survived this long – for millennia as a technologically advanced species – without being ultra cautious. 
And yet she was besieged, alone in her room with no one coming to her rescue. The tagged objects were moving in closer. The room shuddered with greater intensity, until the floor began to crack. But she only stood there, frozen to the spot. And then the thought flashed into her mind: I am going to die. Not just die, but die unpleasantly. To confirm her dread, water began to seep through the burgeoning crack, then a gurgling sound that held her both fascinated and horrified. The water was pooling now, coming from other areas of the room where cracks were spreading, merging together.
No. She simply could not remain here. There had to be a way out – a shuttle she could take. But the Machines outside, just waiting to capture B’tari – their final conquest. 
She tried her PDU. ‘Give me commander Zoltar, emergency protocol.’
‘Commander Zoltar is not available.’
‘Sub commander Zardil?’
‘Not available.’
‘Anyone in in base security?’
‘Communications are down.’
‘Why not tell me that in the first place? Never mind.’
‘As you request.’
‘Wait. Is there anyone still alive on this base.’
‘That information is not available.’
‘What can you tell me?’ she said in desperation.
‘That you’re going to die.’
‘What?’
‘There are no options for you at this stage.’
She had never heard her PDU talk to her in such a blunt and disregarding manner before; it left her speechless. 
The lights went out, leaving only a dull emergency red glow. Zoraina slumped on her bed. Resigned now. Eyes closed, listening to the bubbling and gurgling of the water, and feeling further shudders. It seemed the Machines were intent on destroying the only remaining safe outpost of the B’tari. Their only other place of refuge, the B’tari home world where Central Council still ruled in their infinite wisdom: planet B’tar. A world ten thousand light years away, but even that could no longer be guaranteed safe. This felt like the beginning of the end.?
Then she heard a voice. Her PDU? ‘Zoraina. I know you can hear me. Try to open your eyes.’
‘Why? What’s the point?’ she retorted. ‘I don’t want to see the water rising. I don’t want to see the moment when I drown.’
‘You are not drowning, Zoraina. You are safe.’
‘No. Why are you lying to me?’
‘Zoraina. Open your eyes.’
She finally conceded. But what she saw amazed her. She was no longer in her bedroom but back in the bright medroom. Someone, presumably a doctor, standing over her. She was on an examining couch connected to monitoring equipment.
‘I don’t understand,’ she said. ‘How did I get here?’
‘You’ve been immersed in the Earth sim. We could only remove you gradually. More specifically, the interface module would not let you disconnect suddenly. It had you in a REM state. It was never tested for that specific sim program. You are lucky to be alive.’
‘I am. I so am!’
That brought a smile to the doctor. He was rather handsome, in a baseline B’tari way.
‘You will need to rest,’ he told her, in his doctorly way.
‘I have too much to do,’ she insisted. ‘I must speak to the commander. It is rather urgent.’
‘Something you discovered in the sim?’
‘Yes. Something very frightening.’  

* * *





53

When it woke him it seemed no time had passed. At least, he would always tell himself, there could simply be no memories strong enough to form – or to activate his hippocampus – and so his mind logically concluded (on surface impression) that nothing had been experienced.
Now a siren wailed, telling him another ship had been detected in the area. It came on visual. Its elaborate configuration – all tapering toruses, like the folly spires of a rich man’s home but on its side – told Roidon this was not a Kintra vessel but that of an Elusiver.
Roidon considered his options, as limited as they were. The Elusiver craft had discovered him, probably observing him for some while. Realistically, he would never make it to Earth in this ship.
So he ordered his ship to move in closer. Within a few kilometres he could be destroyed in an instant, and no one would miss him. Yet he suspected that wouldn’t happen, that he could still be of use to them, if only as a decoy. They at least shared the same ultimate objective.
He told his ship to put out a hailing signal. The Elusiver craft did not respond. He kept getting nearer. Then: a shot, a shudder, a flicker of lights. Status report: Engines disabled. There was nothing Roidon could do now. He waited for the inevitable.
The inevitable happened. The creature materialised before him, tall dark and spindly limbs. And there was no need for words; Roidon understood the dynamics: he would submit.
In an instant he was in the Elusivers’ ship, on some kind of reclined back metal chair, faced with an array of coloured lights. His own HUD was telling him just about every external system was off line. And indeed he had no motor control. Just a brain again. 
The Elusiver stood before him, imperiously turning its head. Perhaps the only time he had seen one of these creatures in their true form was when he rescued one from the clutches of the Kintra machines. And he knew that in doing so he had probably ensured his continued existence.
‘Roidon. Do you believe you have a purpose?’ it said in its whispery tones.
‘I’ve always sought out a purpose.’ He realized he hadn’t actually said the words, it was more like a thought projected.  
‘Then your purpose is to assist us.’
‘Well, I do believe we have a common objective.’
A holographic display appeared, a large aspect of the local solar systems. Red dots represented the Kintra incursions on planets; one was Earth – completely in red. The display zoomed out to show about a quarter of the galaxy, and again more planets dotted in red. Then it moved on to the near sector, which included the B’tari outpost. Clusters of red dots were around observation probes used as a lookout.
‘The probes cannot see any more. The Kintra machines are invisible to them and to all the surrounding planets. These worlds will be taken over within days.’  
‘Then it’s too late.’
‘The Kintra machines believe that. They also believe our species to be an irrelevance.’
‘Then they become complacent. Is that it – a false sense of accomplishment?’
‘They are essentially lazy. They will only expend the minimum resources to transform the galaxy to their infrastructure.’
‘So we shouldn’t do anything to disabuse them of that belief.’
‘We cannot be seen to do anything.’
‘Dare I say that you may be underestimating them.’
‘We do not suffer the hubris of humans.’
‘You once believed yourselves to be the most advanced species in the galaxy.’
The creature appeared to sway momentarily as if physically shaken by the implication of Roidon’s comment.
‘We have never formally made such a claim.’
‘No, but that was never necessary. And given your achieved status, you must have some plan.’
‘There is only one outcome that will resolve the crisis. Temporal erasure.’

* * *





54

Torbin was back in the blistering heat of Nevada, trudging across parched and cracked land towards Roidon’s compound. This time he took a bottle of water, drinking then sprinkling over his head as some gesture to offset the oppressive presence of this semi-desert. This time he wore a long sleeve white shirt and light-stone trousers; the unhindered sun relentlessly trying to subdue what exposed skin he presented to it. But it seemed even in this, the hottest place in the developed world, the heat was more than it should have been. His wristband was telling him it was 53 degrees C under the shading of his shirt sleeve.
He’d told his boss he was suffering from the after effects of the accident, an excuse which may not be entirely inaccurate: his memory certainly still seemed to be affected. Could he keep this excuse going for a week? Two weeks, before his job really would be in jeopardy? Then he’d have to make a decision either to commit himself to rebuilding a secure work-life existence – a guaranteed salary that ensured they’d remain in their home And if Emelda really was yearning for more excitement in their relationship she would most likely – surely – not look elsewhere if he could at least reliably provide that security. Maybe she could start that family she had hinted at. Settling down; security – all sounded rather appealing now. Of course she’d claim her own financial independence, but his job had a considerable salary; it meant a comfortable life in a big house, it meant at least two holidays a year. With that no longer guaranteed, he had nothing on the likes of Roidon Chanley: a man he was sure could offer the kind of excitement Emelda would come to realize she deserved. The idea of comfort and financial security would go straight out of the window with Roidon on the scene, despite what Emelda thought she wanted. Well there was one thing she wanted that Roidon could certainly give her. And so, irony of ironies, he was considering working for that man; being an underling, paid just enough to keep him there. It also meant Roidon could have more contact with Emelda, with the excuse – of course – of visiting to discuss a work-related matter. Oh what a happy trio we’d make, he thought bitterly.
At this point he considered turning back, making a return to work. He had stopped, paralyzed by indecision. What if he went back only to discover he really had lost the ability to do his job? Then he’d have nothing, no option. A man debilitated from an accident. Unemployable. Nowadays there was very little in the way of manual work, and anything that had once been done by an artisan could now be achieved with considerably more reliable precision by a robot. That left the more artistic professions, the kind that – by dint of human sensibility, such as interior designers, architects, conceptual and fine artists – who were still preferred by the contractee to be done by a fellow human. Torbin felt himself have no real artistic sensibility, more a man of logical thinking, with perhaps a hint of creativity. But now, something he had once taken for granted seemed fractured. Had he thrown it all away with one act of carelessness? 
How fragile our existence is; how foolish we are to assume its permanence. An unbidden thought.
With so much that could be corrected by medical intervention, even damaged brain cells, it seemed his case was an unusually unfortunate one. Maybe he could serve as a reminder to all those who took for granted their unencumbered centuries-long healthy life; perhaps go on lecture tours. No. Of course, no one wants to be told their life is anything less than prosperous. Was prosperous not the byword for this century? It’s what the media was telling everyone; it’s what informed Emelda that she could have even more, even better. Don’t just have hope, have real, realizable plans for an ideal future.
‘There’s no choice,’ Torbin told himself. ‘A special vocation.’
So he continued the final kilometre to Roidon’s shack. The building shimmered in the heat haze as if floating on water. It looked unreal. He had to push at the door to check its solidity. Roidon opened the door as soon as he did this.
‘Better late than never,’ Roidon commented.
‘Sorry … boss.’
Roidon waved his hand dismissively. ‘No boss here, my friend. We work as a team, in the assignment of our life.’
They descended the stairs in the welcoming coolness. Roidon’s lab buzzed with the activity of heavy processing and analyzing – whatever it was he had no idea. In fact, not for the first time did he feel utterly out of his depth. He had a vague memory of his first day of work in his physics lab, but he remembered no feeling of anxiety or anything like this inadequacy to the task. It seemed like deluded self-confidence now.
‘So what do you have lined up for me today?’ Torbin asked, tentative.
‘I’m going to send you back in time.’ Then a smile formed, as Torbin realized he was not being serious.
‘Well, I aim to be useful.’
Roidon laughed. ‘I always find it good to keep a sense a humour about things, however bleak they my be.’
Bleak? Torbin realized it hadn’t featured in his list of anxieties. Too much to contemplate, on another order of things to worry about. Do I really want to know?
‘The world isn’t as it appears. We are surrounded by a threat you can hardly even begin to imagine.’
‘Well, try me.’
‘Machines, mechanoids – whatever you want to call them – are taking over.’
‘Sounds like something from a sci-fi B-movie.’
‘They want to assimilate all biological life and harvest the information.’
‘As I was saying.’
‘This is serious, now. We have to devise a counter measure.’
‘Why is it down to us? This all seems somewhat below the radar.’
Roidon nodded, acknowledging Torbin’s rationale. ‘The official government response involves sheer brute force, attempting to destroy the machine infrastructure. Hopelessly inadequate.’ He then gestured to the bullet-shaped pod Torbin remembered seeing with the creepy-looking doll inside but this time empty. ‘The temporal erasure field,’ he continued, ‘is within its confinements. We will develop a field strong enough expand to cover the entire planet. It will take us back to before the machines ever gained a hold.’
Torbin now fully believed Roidon to be a megalomaniac. Yes, he had witnessed the doll disappear; it looked like an incredible conjuring trick. But this was beyond the scope of any sane rationale.
‘I don’t think I can help with this assignment,’ he said. ‘There must be someone more qualified.’
‘You don’t believe anything I’ve said, do you?’
‘I’m not sure what to believe any more,’ Torbin admitted.
‘Then go home, go back to your old job. And just pretend everything is fine, just as the leaders want you to believe. But bear this in mind: what I’ve offered to you is employment, a good living salary, not just some hare-brained venture.
Well that’s so magnanimous of you, Torbin didn’t say. Instead: ‘I hope you can find someone else up to the task,’ before walking out.   

* * *





55

It came to her while she was sleeping; dreaming about her childhood again, happy and carefree in that warm place. 
Zoraina thought this was another dream. The lights of the room failed to activate by thought or verbal command. Only the small red light near the door panel – which indicated there should have been no problem with the room’s power. Meanwhile the creature stood before her, visible only as a tall, spindly shape looming over her bed. 
She sat up, not even conscious of her nakedness. The creature got closer and it was then she realized she’d seen it before, the one that warned her about the Machine invasion. An Elusiver. Out to avenge the death of its leader? Anyway, could this even be real? If not a dream then perhaps still another level of the Earth simulation.
‘Do not be alarmed,’ it said, in an androgynous voice. ‘I am not here to harm you.’
‘I don’t even know you’re real,’ she told it.
‘This is no deception. We have been observing you – your base – for some time.’
‘Generally, we do the observing. Why observe us?’ She was aware of how tremulous her voice sounded.
‘They are near. You may believe you are safe, but that is the false sense of security they depend on.’
‘So. You are warning me?’
The creature swayed slightly in a way she recognized ‘Advising you to take the necessary precautions.’
‘Okay.’
‘The Earth simulation: it is running too slowly, the current rate of progress will mean it will be destroyed along with your base before success.’
‘Have you been observing the Earth sim?’
‘Yes. Its time ratio is only three times that of real time. It needs to be increased by at least a factor of five.’
‘Fifteen times real? That’s a lot to ask.’
‘It is the minimum to ask for yours and our survival.’
‘But that is just one avenue of research. The Council have not even given it official sanction.’
‘It is one we cannot pursue, since the Kintra machines are observing our remaining outposts. Any sign of high energy experiments will be detected.’
‘The observers being observed. I understand. There is only the virtual realm now in which to do them. But what about the final technology? That has to be real.’
‘Nanoconstructors can produce much and rapidly enough for a probable chance of success.’
‘How do you know they will ever even create a solution? These are people.’
‘We trust Roidon Chanley to work towards a solution.’
And then the creature was gone, like a projection switched off. In fact, she concluded, that is what it must have been. No alien could penetrate this sanctum. Alternatively she had never even left the sim. Funny how that nagging feeling kept with her – ever since believing she had come out of its immersion only for that world to fall apart; improbably now, in retrospect, in the way some ARs can adjust the parameters of logical perception. But how could she tell that had not happened again? Back, seemingly, in this reality nothing extraordinary had happened before the Elusiver visit. So accepting it had really happened, what could she do? 
What she couldn’t do was sleep.
Zoraina got dressed. It was still the middle of the night – de-facto; activities on the station quietened, and there were no conferences or work for most of the inhabitants, only those in security and maintenance, which was fine since none of them had the debilitating problem of sleeping against the UV-stimulated circadian rhythm. Many lights did have a UV component to give the feel of a day, but those night workers had it tailored for them in their local environments. 
Now it was her head that felt fuzzy. She requested a coffee, something she had become familiar with on Earth. An acceptable drug.
She recorded a file. <Caffeine: a drug that was not even considered to be such; Earthlings had a curious way of separating drugs out into legal and illegal that was based little on any objective criteria such as addictive quality or health risks. No, more important the method by which the drug was imbibed; if it was the least efficiently such as through the digestive system it was socially acceptable; injected or hyperfused – which gave a more precisely measured hit – then there was no social context of acceptability. It was thus the reality that humans (as all mid technological species) required some way to alter consciousness, at least temporarily. By trying the local drugs of Earth I could truly experience how it is to be human. There were still many illegal substances to sample. Even in the virtual realm mind-altering drugs remained popular, their effect of course simulated with indistinguishable accuracy. How curious that the machine overseers – the Kintra – had not considered their most excessive uses to be bad enough for society that they be eradicated; or at least control the withdraw effects. But of course that level of interference might affect the verisimilitude of the virtual experience, and therein the program can break down.> Close.
This was the problem she had with Earth-sim: interference. Should she risk a nudge here and there, like she had in her ill-fated interface claiming to act as an intermediary between Torbin and Roidon, or let the program evolve? Strings being pulled at many levels, she mused; the Elusivers were involved by proxy (just as how the B’tari had always been with real Earth) and she was to be their instrument. It would never get approval from the Council, she was sure. Frankly, the council would be too slow to act in this instance.
So within the hour she made it down to the lab, half expecting her access privileges to now be rescinded. Or was it they didn’t consider her enough of a danger except perhaps to herself? Or they weren’t anticipating her to make such an early start? No one to supervise, to monitor. This was ideal!
The Earth sim was still connected to a power cable and basic telemetric monitor. It only told her that power and thermal levels were within acceptable parameters, as with the data processing rate: time running three times that of reality (if indeed this was reality, since she still wasn’t a hundred percent sure).
To boost the processing rate by five times was nothing short of dangerous. It was running via an outboard processing unit – the internal one was simply there as stop-gap for transportation – which had the potential to be clocked at least twenty times higher. So she brought up the maintenance screen, an oldstyle solid VDU within the main console giving an impression of stolid reliability, bellieing the considerable risk. Six, eight, ten, twelve. The power increased concordantly. She imagined the people in the sim rushing about like busy ants, totally unaware of their frenetic pace. On the other hand something could have gone drastically wrong; it was impossible to tell from such basic telemetry. There had already been been a glitch for no obvious reason. When dealing with such complex systems it had to be finely balanced. Still, the warnings were clear; the Elusiver had reached her here and in the virtual realm. Had chosen her, perhaps the only one with access and knowledge and the ability to comprehend just how imminent the threat had become.
She ramped the speed up to fifteen times. A graph showing the thermal transfer level had gone into the red, she dreaded some computer voice warning her. She reduced the processing rate to ten times normal. Had to be some way of increasing cooling.
Of course. ‘Reduce ambient temp to 278Kelvin.’
It took a few minutes before she felt the chill. She then restored the data rate to fifteen times. It kept within acceptable thermal levels for only about twenty seconds.
‘Reduce temp by another six degrees.’
Again within acceptable levels, this time for fifty-two seconds.
‘Reduce by another three degrees.’
‘Warning,’ the flatly impassive computer voice said at last. ‘Temperature may be adversely low for operator.’
It nevertheless complied. Only in a lab was it even possible to reduce the temp below freezing point. She wondered, though, if this unusual request had sent an alert to someone in authority.
Zoraina, on entering the lab had had a notion of what her next action would be, but now the plan seemed increasing vague. Something about setting up a partial interface so she could monitor without a full immersion. It was a complicated process involving a stimulant drug and a lower phasic pulse amplitude. She tried to visualize in her mind each step of the process, but now the first step seemed an effort too far, as if her mind would not translate the necessary instruction. 
The cold was having a numbing effect; thinking in general becoming slow. Should she have worn warmer clothes, a thermal jacket? Of course. It was obvious now. Maybe there was one in this lab. Have to get up, look around. Just a simple matter of pushing up off this stall. But somehow the thought wasn’t connecting with the action needed. Just an increasingly distant desire. Everything increasingly distant. 
Let it all go, she thought. Fade away.




Part Seven: A Kind of Life
56

Roidon truly believed he could not be surprised by them any longer, chiding himself for falling into the trap of imagining how he might assist the Elusivers. A scenario where he’d be in an alliance – strategic rather than ideological – using his acquired knowledge of the Kintras’ logic; disguising himself as one of the captured. Or even allowing himself to be captured.
No. The Elusivers had something very different in mind. And what it involved exactly he was not sure.
He was in space. Not as a man, metal or otherwise. Roidon was a starship. His organic brain still fully intact. At least he imagined it to be. It was a curious feeling; there was a vague sense still of his old human body – an almost-numb paralysis. Yet his mind felt unconstrained. He perceived outer space, could focus on any star, and in an instant was able to switch his attention to his interior. His interior: that was of a more pressing concern, it contained a high yield thermonuclear device, about seven hundred megatons worth. And he was on a direct course for the Kintra-machine hub. A suicide mission, naturally. That was not his main objection, however. 
He remembered the conversation, aware that it may be his last.
‘If the intention is simple destruction,’ he said to the Elusiver, ‘then why not send an AI controlled ship?’
‘The Kintra can master any artificial entity.’
‘And not an organic mind?’
‘In this scenario we cannot be sure. They would not anticipate that as a possibility. To do so would likely be illogical.’
‘You presume.’
‘They regard organic as vulnerable. Unethical for any advanced species to send against will.’
‘But not for me, huh? Not someone who doesn’t care whether he lives or dies.’
‘Precisely.’
Roidon did not even bother arguing any further. It seemed like the Elusivers had underestimated the Kintra by a ludicrous degree.
The last known location of the machine hub was eight thousand light years away. Roidon now felt the transition into sub-space, a momentary mental numbing sensation, followed by a flash of light that may have been the space around him or just in his mind. Then: only darkness. 
Internal now, only. Monitoring any activity within. There was nothing, no-one aboard. This, Roidon reflected, is how it truly feels to be lonely. It was the knowledge that there would be no one ever again in his life, the appreciation of how it mattered to be with others. The belief he once held that he could be okay alone on Earth, or at least get by, now stark as only an illusion. Despair always the cousin of loneliness, knowing that life would not improve but get worse. His only comfort that death was likely to be swift.
But there was another emotion, one he could chose to view as the neurological remnants of his psyche, or let it truly wash over over him. He chose the latter, he chose to feel it. Anger. Not entirely anger at the Elusivers. But at himself for being such a fool, for letting himself believe that these beings could exhibit any camaraderie or humanity for someone with a common cause. Instead he was a thing to be exploited, perhaps even belittled. Roidon had to admire that. It seemed he had been outsmarted. Obvious when the end of the line is clearly in sight. Though really what were his options? Remain at the B’tari base? Drift forever unconscious, only to die, if not captured by the Kintra. Either of the two provided no future, no purpose. How often had people blamed themselves for a poor decision only for that, in retrospect, to have been the best choice – the choice that felt right at the time with the best available information? Then the unpredictable twists and turns of circumstance, the road less travelled, unknowable. The worse thing, surely, was to hesitate, to mull over every possible consequence. No. That way you do nothing; that way stifles action.
I’m here now, that’s the reality and no point regretting or lamenting a lost life that might have been. Be glad for what it was, he tried to convince himself, a bonus. Not existing is the default.
The ship exited subspace. A graphic informed him of the Kintra-machine base. A tiny dot fifteen million kilometres away. He was on a set course. He tried consoling himself with the thought that at least the Kintra would suffer a devastating loss. Surely they could not neutralist the threat, surely the Elusivers had ensured that?
Within visual range. The Machine structure was like a spider’s web of silver-grey connected spokes, but with a beetle at its centre – a dark mirrored metal dome with legs extending. Roidon, though, struggled to accept that this was their hub of operations. 
Something approached. A probe. It scanned his vessel, then returned to the hub. A larger vessel now. Inevitably it fired at him; warnings came up of systems damaged, although not enough to risk setting off his payload. He knew he was already within sufficient range to cause devastating damage. He was even disappointed by such an obvious approach. Yes, he was now unable to use engines. Yes, he had no shielding for essential systems. Those were irrelevances, he appreciated, as the countdown warning activated; some kind of trigger response system, he realized
And what do you turn your mind to in the last minute of your existence? So much. So much unresolved; his life, the nature of the universe, of existence. The conundrum. Nothingness for eternity? How curious. And how curiously serene he felt at that prospect. Not quite total acceptance, more an acknowledgement.
And the voice crowding his thoughts got louder. ‘Roidon. We can save you.’
No you can’t, he thought. Every failsafe is in place. Embrace the inevitable.
Twenty seconds. His mind raced once more, but only for a few seconds, then settled on these such simple words of a philosopher he could not name: When you die the universe ends. 
With twelve seconds left his perception began to shift. He was no longer aware of the rest of his ship. He was moving away from his ship. A separate entity. And then the ship moved away from him increasingly rapidly until it was just a dot. Yet the flash of white was so bright it dazzled him, though he knew he was safe. With no air to be disrupted there could be no damaging blast wave. And now he was being carried by the probe into the web. 
Hope. Could there be any? A future?

He’d been here before. This white room. He was back in his organic body. Or at least a body that looked like his.
Its voice metallic. ‘Another chance, Roidon. We indulge you as much as we forgive your transgressions,’ the machine entity said, from all about him but with no appearance.
‘No. No more deals. No more sides.’
‘Then we eliminate you.’
‘Okay then. I don’t care.’
‘We understand you to be lying.’
‘I understand I am in the midst of a war in which I want no part.’
‘They played you, Roidon. Does that not hurt your pride?’
‘They played me. You played me. What difference does it make? And as for pride, I’m beyond that.’
‘Our study of your psychology suggests no significant diminution of ego.’
‘You don’t even have any concept of what it is to be living.’
‘Yet we give you life. They take it away.’
‘They failed this time.’
‘They will try again.’
‘Why should they bother?’
‘Because you are an inconvenience. Because you have no affiliation.’
‘Then why should your relationship to me be any different?’
‘We retain the knowledge of your work in assisting our ascendancy’
‘By default. We defeated the Elusivers not in aid of you.’
‘That does not negate the outcome. Therefore we indulge you.’
‘A sense of fairness! Well, in that case, send me back in this body to Earth.’
‘We will provide you with the means to do so and to live in freedom, on one condition.’
‘Go on.’
‘That you destroy the Elusivers ship in which they held you.’
Roidon considered that ... for all of two seconds. ‘OK. It’s a deal.’
In what seemed like an instant later he was on the flight deck of a ship, travelling in some kind of hyperspace, seated – in what was recognizably his organic body – in a luxurious but functional chair, a console array surrounding him. And he knew, without compunction, he would carry out the Kintra’s request.

* * *





57

The thing stopped him only a few metres from his car. A metal creature – an arachnid about ten centimetres high. When it approached, scuttling lithely across the parched ground, he initially thought it was some desert creature, the rare type that was specially adapted to this hot arid environment. After all, he wouldn’t have expected something familiar. But this thing regarded him with a disturbing intelligence. Its eyes on stalks jutting forward, following him as he moved around it.
‘What do you want from me?’ he asked, not really expecting an answer.
A creaking sound emanated from it, but the words were there in his mind: Your central neural pattern.
‘You want my mind?’
Affirmative
‘Why?’
For the data.
‘What use would you make of it?’
To enrich ourselves.
Now Torbin was quite prepared to believe he was hallucinating. The heat had been relentless in stifling his higher reasoning. And on the surface this creature defied all rational thought. Yet there was something familiar about it. Something not only in its shape but in the way it regarded him that brought about a surge of recognition, a tingling through his body as if a mild electric probe had touched his spine. 
‘No,’ he said to it, having curiously a sense that taking his neural pattern involved dying in the process. ‘I value my life.’
We are here to optimize life. Humans are imperfect. We can transpose you into a more highly adapted being.
‘I don’t like the sound of that,’ he told it.
It is inevitable you will cease to exist in your current form. We offer immortality.
‘I’m fine as I am, thank you.’ He manoeuvred around the creature only for it to move nearer as if magnetically drawn. His car irised opened and he jumped in, flinging himself on the seat. He turned to see the creature moving toward the car, to only be closed off from entry at the last second.
‘Take me home,’ he told it. Then reconsidered. ‘No. Take me to Edurnal labs.’ – his last place of employment. The ground rushed away, the undulations of the desert a blur.
The encounter with the creature hardly seemed real. Could it really be the product of a nascent psychosis? He needed something to anchor him to reality. Emelda had been his obvious first choice. Yet his image of her was pallid, lacking detail, like trying to remember someone from a dream despite the sense of it having been vivid. But even the fading memory of a dream has some emotion associated; now he just remembered a woman he was attracted to. Could it be he no longer loved her? She had been distant lately, unresponsive. And the sex: a sense of failure every time. It was as if they had only been together for a few weeks – when he was still desperately trying not to disappoint her. And yet he could bring to mind memories going back years – of their meeting, of holidays. But something had broken the spell. Of course, he told himself, it had to have been the accident. Perhaps it was he that had changed, some crucial aspect of his personality that only others could see, that only someone who knew him so intimately. This is why he had to find that connection with one important part of his past.
But when the car touched down at the Edurnal labs, there was nothing. It meant nothing.
‘Why?’ he said out loud.
He listened, if only for some imagined voice. Yet he was hearing something: a bass sound so low as to be more felt than heard; it had been there in the background for a while, he realized, just hadn’t paid any attention to it. It reminded him of a rumble from a whale. It stopped for a few seconds and then resumed. He couldn’t decipher anything from it so got out of the car, walked to the security gate.
The automated system still accepted his scanned ident, opening the gate. After all, he was still an employee here even though he felt like an impostor. No, that wasn’t quite true, he soon reasoned. It was as if – a dream, where what should be the familiar is instead intimidating. 
The low rumble continued. Maybe this was a new experiment, the sound resonating. He knew that very low frequencies can bring about paranoia and fear. He was standing in the courtyard, unable to walk while his mind was filled with the image of a gigantic tokamak chamber creating immense energies. And, the thought then struck him, whatever research this place was primarily engaged in he was only ever on the periphery of it. They were doing something that was out of his competence league, and – at least since the accident – his employers were merely humouring him, accommodating his mental affliction. But he knew if he went in there today his number would finally be up. No more allowances made for such ineptitude.
‘Get me out of here.’ He wasn’t sure why he said those words. They felt like an instinctive plea.
He looked around, for something, someone to approach this lost and now quite vulnerable man. His sight was drawn upwards as the sun broke through, dispersing clouds, into his eyes. And it seemed to intensify. 
Then the strangest thing. He was no longer in his place of work but eight thousand kilometres south, back in the hot semi-desert of Nevada. Standing facing the shack where Roidon did his research.
Torbin collapsed onto the hard cracked ground. Even though the heat was penetrating through his pants from where he sat, and the sun stinging his neck, he could not get up. The heat, if nothing else, was in some perverse way a balm to his mental torment. Let it consume me, he thought. 
Then a shadow spread over. He felt himself being lifted off the ground and hoisted along into the shack. The cool air bringing Torbin to his senses.
‘I don’t know why this has to be so damn accurate,’ commented the man he now knew to be Roidon.
‘Accurate?’ Torbin questioned, his mind still in turmoil.
‘Never mind. Can you get down the steps by yourself?’
‘Yes. I think I can.’
He followed Roidon down into the lab area, that question still repeating in his head – accurate? When the lights went on it felt like an oddly welcoming sight. Familiar; workplace familiar. He surveyed round to see if it remained as how he last remembered it and took comfort in the array of shiny flashing equipment.
‘Is there something I need to know,’ Torbin asked, ‘about what happened to me?’ 
Roidon nodded, sagely, as if he knew everything about Torbin. ‘I guess I’d have to tell you sooner or later, there were bound to be inconsistencies a man like you would pick up on.’
‘Don’t keep anything from me. Is it about the accident? Something’s happened to my mind, hasn’t it.’
‘Your true mind is safe – as far as I know. What you are in here is a copy, and this is a simulation of reality. A highly accurate one as am I.’
As Roidon explained further, Torbin felt any strength drain from his body. His legs now giving way as if a marionette had had its strings cut. Roidon caught him and helped him onto a chair, and said, ‘I can only imagine this to be on a par with being told you’re an illegitimate child, by a most trusted and loved parent.’
No, this had to be worse, he thought but couldn’t even speak.
‘All right, I understand there can be no real comparisons to what you’re going through right now,’ Roidon sensed. ‘It hasn’t been easy for me either. But I’ve learned to just get on with the work.’
‘Work.’ Torbin forced the word out. ‘What work can we do here if it’s not real?’
‘As a scientist, you surely understand the validity of running simulations to find a suitable model? Well, that’s all we need to do. Here where it’s safe to experiment.’
A cacophony of thoughts spun around Torbin’s mind. He shook his head. ‘I’m not right,’ he admitted. ‘Not right in the head. I’m no use to you here.’
Roidon smiled broadly, and Torbin had a curious sense of him being that reassuring older brother he’d never known, even though the other man looked over a decade younger.
‘You’re just having a crisis, Torbin. It may take a while to adjust. However, we simply do not have long. How much time, I do not know. But we can’t waste any on your acclimatization’
The image appeared in his mind. Emelda – quite vivid now – her wild red hair and curvaceous body, as if she were in the room with him. 
‘Is she real?’ he said, still thinking of her.
‘Emelda? She’s as real as you want her to be.’
‘No, I mean in real life.’
Roidon looked down. It seemed like a rare and uncomfortable moment for such a self-assured man. 
He looked up finally, solemnly. ‘I’m afraid to tell you she’s dead. It was many years ago. You could say it was another lifetime. You did get over her, Torbin. But it took many years.’
‘And we don’t have many years, right? So I should just move on.’
‘I wouldn’t have put it so brutally. But you are absolutely right.’
Torbin nodded. ‘We work towards a controlled temporal erasure. I get the feeling I have worked on something like this before.’
‘Oh you have, Torbin. Welcome back to your true vocation.’

* * *





58

It was too easy. The Elusivers ship exploded into a trillion pieces. They had put up no defence or even attempted to hail him. Roidon even began to wonder if somehow he was being fooled into thinking he had destroyed them, that this was some illusion designed to make him drop his guard. His ship, at least, was telling him the craft no longer existed, that what remained – in the burning dust cloud he saw before him – were base elements.
Sure, he had acted swiftly; a moment of hesitation seeming fatal. Nevertheless these were regarded by many as the most advanced species in the galaxy; too some they were gods.
Obliterated, so easily? No, they had to have survived somehow and be standing by to reek their revenge. One more reason for his own elimination. Still, if the Kintra were good to their word (and there was no reason to believe they would be, but really he had no other option than to give them the benefit of the doubt) he could return to Earth.
On his instruction the ship went back into hyperspace, and Roidon allowed himself a mote of satisfaction.

Earth seen from the distance of high orbit looked unchanged on its dayside. Perhaps less grey of the artificial constructions of pre-capture times. By now the materials from them had been reused by the Kintra for their own propagation. One thing you could genuinely say about the machines is that they wasted nothing. He chuckled to himself at the thought of all those environmentalists who envisioned a future idyll: no waste, no pollution, no overpopulation. No compromise. In that sense the Kintra were the ultimate environmentalists. Yet – thinking how bad the biosphere had been tainted pre-twenty-second century – Earth had made great strides in the last few centuries. The most noticeable difference was on the night side. Lighting had become so efficient and focused that you didn’t see the clusters and speckles of light, but there would still be a pink or orange glow to the cities. Now total darkness. And even radio communications – although similarly only a fraction of leaking signals from the heights of the late twentieth century – was now non-existent. It made him hesitate, mull over what opportunities there could be remaining for him when the only form of sentient life was below ground.
But there was another reason to hesitate. What would be the one place the Elusivers knew he’d be drawn to? He’d also be under the gaze of the Kintra, and bait for the Elusivers. A trap within a trap. Who’d be calling whose bluff? And was it even desirable that more Elusivers were targeted? He decided not. He refused to take sides. He would be a mercenary for whoever made the best offer. A basic kind of survival he would once think not worthy of him. Maybe some of his ego had been chipped away. Or maybe, he reflected, when the reality on the ground has shifted so dramatically, when opportunities are scarce, you accept anything that enables survival. 
Right now he was free, in a ship of considerable luxury. As far he knew it had the capability of taking him to almost any part of the galaxy if not beyond. Thoughts of noble intent were sidelined; he imagined himself like the young man who’d got the gift of a sports car from his indulgent parents, the ultimate status symbol he was going to use to his own gratifying advantage. Just maybe someday he would return to Earth, perhaps help repopulate it. Right now the universe was his oyster.
He requested a list of reachable worlds with surface intelligent life, and carefully considered his choice.

* * *





59

At first she didn’t accept the reality of it. Could it be a simulation? A dream? Was she even alive and not herself a simulacrum of an uploaded mind?
When the commander entered the medroom, Zoraina sat up in bed. He gave a brief smile of acknowledgement. From him it was the warmest reaction she could hope for. He said, ‘They tell me you’re having trouble accepting we really are under attack.’ 
‘Commander, I knew this day would come. But so soon?’ She had no idea how long she’d been unconscious, was afraid to ask.
‘Do you know what date it is?’
‘I don’t,’ she admitted. And braced herself.
‘B’tar standard 214/6, which means you’ve been out for seventy-three hours.’ He then nodded in acknowledgement of her shock. ‘You nearly died, Zoraina. You looked like a frozen corpse. The doc said you essentially were dead for a while. What were you thinking?’
What was she thinking then? Sacrifice herself for the sake of … the galaxy? Yes, that grandiose reason suited quite nicely. However: ‘I had to preserve the functioning---’
‘Yes, I know the purpose for freezing the room. But you could have taken more care.’
‘Why---’ 
‘Why does it matter? It matters because you are a valuable member of our team.’
She hadn’t thought of herself as that any longer. Had it been a test of their commitment to her? Not consciously. But then so much we do is below the surface of the rational – sensible – mind as much as we like to think otherwise. Yes, take it to the limit, and if we fail the test then it’s over anyway. Was that so different from attempting suicide? 
‘Commander, I appreciate your confidence in me,’ she said at last.
‘Oh, I wouldn’t go that far.’ Then he broke into a mild laugh, and she felt herself smiling.
‘So how bad is our predicament?’ It was not even the question foremost in her mind but it was the appropriate one to ask.
‘Worse than it needed to be, had we actually spotted the emplacements. This is a total forucup.’ (B’tari expletive with no direct translation). ‘If we survive this the Council will decide my fate. Anyway, more important considerations.’
Zoraina got up off the bed. There were probes attached to her head and her body; she even was still in a hospital gown. It seemed these flimsy garments were primarily designed to make one feel vulnerable. She demanded to be released. 
The commander rushed out at the first sign of the doctor appearing; all medical fussing nonsense to him that a droid could perfectly well do. Zoraina was allowed to get dressed. She hoped then she’d feel more like her old self, but instead there was something not right, an insecurity. No, a lost security, a lost self-confidence, despite the encouraging words from the commander. She had the memory of self-assurance, wrapped up in places, in situations with hopes of success more than fear of failure. Only that seemed delusional now, a blinkered forging ahead with some plan or other. Then the failures happened, the last of which had nearly killed her. And now what could she possibly do against the Machines?
Of course the high command were sending their reinforcements from the B’tari homeworld, most likely to arrive within twenty-four hours. By then there may not even be a base left, just dust whilst all its inhabitants had been captured with their knowledge incorporated into the totality of Machine knowledge.
First priority: return to the Earth sim. 
But the lab was in shutdown like so many essential areas. Her ident was no longer accepted. So she banged on the frosted glass door. Eventually someone did answer, a young scientist. Zoraina could hear in the background someone – most likely the chief scientist – shouting that no one was to be allowed in. However, the young female recognized Zoraina. She said, ‘I know why you’re here. But you must also appreciate why the Earth sim is off limits.’
‘I just need to know it is running okay.’
‘It’s fine,’ the scientist nodded.
‘I need to see that for myself. Please.’
‘Very well. But I could get into trouble for letting you in.’
It was as the scientist assured her, still functioning in the freezing cold room at fifteen times speed. What readings she could glean from the monitor display told her that no program glitches had occurred: a stream of data tagged on to a line running along an x y axis. In spite of the cold she felt the warm reassurance that at least one thing in her life was running as it should be. 
The chief scientist walked in, and Zoraina expected a barrage of disapproval but instead he seemed to acknowledge her commitment. He said, ‘We will take great care of the sim until the very last moment. All our lives are in danger now. There is no need for you to stay here. I’ll be here to the end. After all, this my lab – I built it up to become the pride of the B’tari diaspora. The Council would expect me to stay here and defend it even if that means dying in the process.’
Zoraina nodded at what seemed like a prepared statement. She trusted the people here, not least him. She could leave; there was nothing more she could do. And then? 
Fight to the death.

* * *





60

Still he went back, knowing none of it was real. Stood outside his beautiful house – his special cabin, his love nest. She would be in there, he knew.
A breeze had picked up, he noticed. A cloud scudded across the sun, flowers and grass swayed with increasing violence. Why? Was it meant to signify something – an ominous sign? After all, things didn’t just happen any more. No, they were programmed in. Or at least a reaction to some other factor, and that here being himself. He was, he’d now learned, part of a massive interacting network. He was just one of billions (even Roidon didn’t know the exact number), all modelled to varying degrees of accuracy on captureds. To think of all those people unaware of their true nature, going obliviously about their lives. Maybe that was not so different to real life; they merely concerned themselves with what surrounded them: work, relationships. Just the same as me, he thought, even after being given such an opportunity to do something great. The tyrannous trap of the mundane.
Maybe he was more important because of what he now knew. Maybe he was here destined to do a great deed. But didn’t most people in this simulation consider their lives important, their place in the world special?
He wondered whether Emelda in his life was a good thing or just another distraction. Is she here to mollify me? Can’t cope with the reality of her being dead. 
And yet he was unable to make love to her. Perhaps to do so would somehow have undermined the memory – the sanctity of those memories. Yes, he thought, just let them be memories rather than something inauthentic. Except any memories of her were so vague they seemed like a dream. He did recall a classic favourite album he’d been afraid to play (although now a ruinously caricatured version playing in his head); the fear that he would not appreciate it as much as that special time when it so captured his – soul. Why not – even as a scientist – use that word? A tune bound up in a happy place, a happy time. Trying to relive it, and failing, only to find it was not as good as you remembered. If the memory of her returned, vivid, would what he had a chance of now feel a lie? Or would it reveal something of his previous life? 
Disillusionment: his greatest fear.
Now he had a choice: confront the memory, or walk away never to return.
It didn’t take very long for Torbin to decide. He headed towards the cabin. Emelda was there as he knew she would be. No, not his true Emelda, but he could accept that now, could accept this imitation. As usual she was reclined on the couch watching a holodrama, sipping coffee.
‘Em,’ he said. ‘I need you now.’
She put down her coffee with enough haste that some of it spilled over the edge of the cup. She got up, turned to face him; scrutinize him. Or analyze his attentions – by use of a complex program based on his own memory of her, since the replication of the dead were generally excluded in Earth sim.
‘You want me, do you?’ She nodded. ‘Let’s see how much you want me.’ She made towards him. He then took off her top and pulled down her leggings for her to obligingly step out of them. She was naked underneath. Torbin tried to slow down his thoughts; to be truly in the moment. Then just allowed the welcoming sense of familiarity. That perfume, the one he recognized and knew he could lose himself in.
Torbin wasn’t sure this was how the original Emelda would behave; perhaps the original would not be so impetuous and need more persuading. She was now removing his clothes. Then they met, they kissed. Her body soft against the hardness of him. His senses alive, his worries rushed away into total irrelevance. The moment all-consuming. He pushed her on to the couch. 
It was over quickly. But he had done it, finally. Now feeling as if a curse had been lifted. It didn’t have to be special, he’d assured himself. And yet for a while it had been.
Later that evening he thought he should leave her, not live a lie. But then after they had shared a meal and a shower, he decided he could stay with her a few more days.
Days became weeks. Torbin spent his daytimes working with Roidon on their special project to save all of humankind, his evenings with Emelda. All the while knowing it would soon end, just as all lies did. Nothing would remain of him. But in the meantime he was – he could only admit to himself – happier than he had ever remembered being. It felt like a life without the uncertainty; because, in the end, his life here only needed one purpose – his work. All the rest had no consequence. 
Or at least he convinced himself of that.  

* * *





61

One important thing had slipped her mind. In the midst of panic – sirens blaring and lights switching to emergency red (as if conserving such amounts of power would really make a difference to what was added to the defence units) – it had all been about saving the Earth sim. Now she remembered responsibility for Torbin was primarily hers. Only once did she update his memory with that of the sim version (which would normally be done automatically and remotely but instead she had to upload it from a flash tab).
Zoraina ran through the red illuminated corridor to the auxiliary med unit – a place where the injured convalesced, or those in a more serious state were left until they either regained consciousness or died.
When she got there she encountered the same emergency dim red light, and it seemed the room had been been cleared of all its patients. Initially the thought occurred to her Torbin had also been taken in either some act of benevolence or mistaken for someone in a hopeless vegetative state and then disposed of, in the ensuing panic. It was odd, that sense of sheer heart-stopping panic; was this how a mother felt on thinking her child could be missing? She shook her head at such an absurd notion, and commanded the lights to activate – which they did; after all, this was a medical facility where power had to be independently generated. And then the dead-like form of Torbin became apparent, still hooked up to the stasis feed. The man had been deemed too mentally unstable to be woken. She had the option to carry him out. He wasn’t a big man but she was now physiologically a human female; as a B’tari she’d easily have the strength. There were not even any AG stretchers remaining. 
Nothing else for it, Zoraina decided. She switched off the stasis field, activating the wake-up protocol infusing various stimulant drugs into the man’s brain. After less than a minute Torbin gasped awake and sat up like some horror-movie monster brought back from the dead. She almost expected him to say ‘I’m alive!’ but instead he just stared at her, eyes wild.
‘You’re okay,’ she assured him, without invoking evidence. ‘But we need to leave, there is an emergency.’
‘What am I doing here?’ he said, eyes darting about.
‘There’s really not the time to explain. Our life is in danger.’
‘You abducted me?’
‘No. This is supposed to be our safe refuge, but it has been compromised. The last escape vessel will leave in less than twenty minutes. Now please, we must leave.’
After having been in stasis for over two hundred hours, his legs did not seem to be working so she still virtually had to carry him along. Seeing the emergency light and hearing the waling siren did start to motivate him to manage a few steps.
Torbin wasn’t speaking, but every so often he’d mumble something. He seemed deeply unhappy to be awake. The thought even crossed her mind that it might have been better to leave him at the base and at the mercy of the Machines. Maybe they would recapture him and reintegrate his mind-pattern into the artificial reality substrate on Earth, if that still existed. It depended on whether in some machine-like logic he was still viewed as their saviour-by-proxy. 
No maternal feelings after all, she assured herself.
‘Come on,’ Zoraina encouraged as she headed along the final tube, rising towards the sea bed. Torbin at least was moving independently if falteringly.
The plan to escape the base was beginning to feel like a suicide mission. It was just there was no alternative. Better to die trying, she thought. 
The tube ended to a splayed out section, along which were three airlocks. Each one had a panel display indicating whether there was a shuttlecraft or, more unusually, a larger vessel still attached. The other two craft had gone; she half expected there to be none left at all. But here was one that did not match any code for a B’tari vessel. Unknown.
The airlock was about seven by seven metres, nowhere near large enough for the number of B’tari – at least fifty – in a muted state of panic. Muted, she surmised, because they did not want to be seen genuinely panicking in front of a couple of humans; the very notion that any B’tari could show a loss of control or admit to fear in the presence of a lesser species, didn’t bear consideration. Although a few had begun to recognize her. One saw the presence of an officer (officially ranked lieutenant but she didn’t go around issuing orders to lesser ranks), and said in B’tar, ‘They’re not telling us anything. We’ve been waiting for over an hour. Maybe they’ll listen to you.’
‘All right,’ she replied, Suddenly feeling the eyes of fifty B’tari civilians upon her. ‘I’ll speak to the captain.’
Everyone parted helpfully for her to reach the hatch; meanwhile Torbin was left slumped against a wall, his glazed eyes looking upwards. She put her finger on the intercom sensor, so that it would transmit her ident to the captain.
‘How may I be of assistance, lieutenant?’ came the smooth voice in her language.
‘You can let me in for a start.’
The hatch opened. But as she was about to enter, one of the civilians pushed past her. The young male clearly had this planned. Zoraina followed him as he ran through the silver-grey corridor towards the flight deck. ‘Wait,’ she shouted as she tried to keep up with his considerable pace. He then reached the hatch to the flight deck, and realizing he may have miscalculated in not trying to push through one of the side doors, turned to face her, his forehead ridges glistening. ‘I know this ship is already nearly full,’ he said, ‘and they’re not going to let the rest on it. Well, what do you reckon: women and children first? Anyway, I will prove myself useful here, I guarantee it.’
‘Step aside,’ she ordered him. He complied.
The hatch opened. She walked in but the man followed. The bridge was a fairly basic blue-grey; there didn’t seem to be much in the way of controls. These days a single control room was more symbolic than functional. The captain swivelled round in his chair. He was human-looking. That was not so unusual these days given how allied her race had been with humans, except there was something not quite right about his face – a kind of plasticky quality like the early days of cosmetic conversion. He acknowledged her presence then fixed his stare on the young male, pointed a finger at him, and to her astonishment, the b’tari vanished, leaving a brief puff of smoke.
‘What did you...’
‘He’s back in the bowels of the station?’
‘But he’ll never survive.’
‘Then let his fate be an example.’
‘That seems rather callous?’
‘It was a reasonable response to a potential liability.’
The realization suddenly came to her. ‘You are not B’tari. What are you?’ she asked despite having her suspicions. 
‘I am what you refer to as an Elusiver. And you are aboard a ship far more advanced than anything your race has in the fleet.’
‘Why are you here?’
‘I am here for Torbin Lyndau. He is – how do you say? – a bargaining chip.’
‘Torbin? Why?’
‘He is an ally of the Kintra machines. And his capture may prove useful in tracking down Roidon. Now you have your answer I hope you will follow my orders and know that they are for a logical reason.’ 
‘Of course. Torbin is waiting in the airlock. When I tell him what you told me I’m sure he will come here without a moment’s hesitation.’ She couldn’t be sure if the Elusivers got sarcasm. 
She forced herself not to run, just keep a calm steady pace. The crowd were surrounding her like a Higgs field, firing questions. Exasperated, she stopped at one point and told them: ‘The captain of that vessel is not a B’tari, he is an Elusiver. I’m sure at least one of you will have heard of them.’ 
There were a few gasps. At the back of the crowd Torbin stood; he staggered towards her. 
‘An Elusiver? They are here?’
Zoraina waited until he had reached her before replying: ‘Our last ride out of here. And the captain is very keen for you to take it.’
‘And he just let you go?’
‘Only so I could fetch you.’
‘But there’s no way I would go.’
She figured Torbin probably would rather die than submit himself to his erstwhile enemy. There was something that didn’t add up here. She made for the airlock intercom and told it to patch her through to the lab, mildly surprised to discover it was still working. 
‘Zoraina. There was nothing I could do,’ said the chief scientist. ‘I just found it gone. Not even any sign of entry. The Kintra machines must have some kind of stealth technique we don’t yet know about.’
‘The Earth sim? You are sure it was the machines?’
‘Well, who else could it be?’
‘I think I have an idea.’ She broke off the link.
Torbin was looking at her in bemusement. ‘An Earth sim?’
‘Yes, and it contains a perfect copy of you.’
‘So the Elusiver has it?’
‘Well deduced. That’s the bargaining chip.’ No, she thought, not quite. 
Torbin shook his head. ‘Still, I will not be boarding that ship.’
‘Oh yes you will. Otherwise your life will definitely be over. You think the machines will show you mercy now, now we are at war?’
‘I think I would rather die.’ He was looking to the floor.
‘That’s because you are consumed with self pity,’ she told him. ‘Why not think about others for a change? Your boarding will save not only my life but the lives of these people here.’
‘How do you figure that?’
‘Observe.’ 
She returned to the docked ship, the door opened obligingly. The Elusiver captain looked at her expectantly. Zoraina said, ‘I know you have the Earth sim, but I still have some leverage.’ The Elusiver gave a slight nod in acknowledgement. And she continued, ‘Here’s the deal: you let all those people on board and Torbin will follow.’
The Elusiver inclined his head in contemplation. ‘That will be acceptable. However, many will have to share sleeping quarters.’
‘I’m sure they will accept that. They’ll have to.’
The civilians, however, took some persuading. The reputation of the Elusivers had carried from the days when they deemed all sentient life other than themselves unfit to continue (although too late to learn from their own lesson as their artificial progeny became dominant), creating a form of temporal eradication. How many of those, she wondered, would appreciate the irony of the same process being sought by another means?
As he walked the slow walk of a condemned man Torbin said, ‘You were right of course. This is not about me any more.’
‘Although it is about your virtual double working to save us.’
‘I wouldn’t guarantee his safety either.’
Once aboard, the ship left the sea in an instant; they were in space in a few seconds. Watching from the observation deck, Zoraina tried to find some sign of the Kintra incursion. The thought occurred to her that the entire attack had been faked, that it was some elaborate ruse to get Torbin and the sim.
The stars then shimmered out of existence. Whatever type of space they were in she at least felt safe from the Machines. Torbin, on the other hand, was on the flight deck in the presence of the captain. She tried not to imagine what his fate may be. She vaguely remembered a quote from an old science fiction series – a wise alien talking about the needs of the many outweighing that of the few. Then she recalled her studies of the Temporal Directive class, the teacher reciting the passage ‘Sometimes doing the right thing can involve pain for a few for the preservation of the many, even if that eventual outcome is not apparent. Time often rewards selfless intentions, as it rewards infinite patience.’
Zoraina relaxed into a chair, enjoyed the strange undulating iridescent colours of space (that were probably more as a function of her mind than anything in reality) with the thought that there was nothing else she could do. 
Then: a shudder. The ship was in normal space. Spider-craft; the dark arachnid forms surrounding. Hundreds of them. Somehow they had followed the ship of the most advanced biological species in the galaxy. 
Of course. The Kintra machines had learnt from their erstwhile masters. They had adapted.




Part Eight: Making the Most of...
62

Roidon’s starship was something special, even he – who had been in the best the B’tari had to offer, and not to mention the Elusivers – had to admit to being impressed. He had travelled nine thousand light years across the galaxy in only twenty-fours hours of subjective time, using a technology he had no comprehension of beyond its utility. It seemed that he had the best end of a deal: destroy an Elusiver ship in exchange for a means of transport unparalleled by any other race. Well, he reflected, it seemed a little too good to be true. For a while he imagined there to be a Kintra – a baby arachnid machine – hiding in some recess of an engine or behind a removable interface panel. He checked and found none. There was no reason anyway for their hostility towards him. It was not as if he was any longer in the business of taking sides. 
A ready admission to anyone who might be spying or listening: ‘My life means nothing beyond pleasure.’ Although not (he silently assured himself) merely the physical; his pleasure could be exalted to the most profound philosophical revelation – the surmounting of what had seemed insurmountable, the equivalent of seeing God. Always good, he reflected, to have something still to aim for, however elusive. 
He no longer cared for wars; surely somewhere down the line even this one would settle into a predictable pattern like so many through the centuries – like two grandmasters all too familiar with each other’s game. These endless struggles to gain dominance over another for some strategic advantage may once have been interesting in the days when life was nasty brutish and short, when you could see the enemy before killing or being killed. But all he had witnessed, frankly, left him weary. If the Kintra and the Elusivers fought in any conventional sense he could enjoy the spectacle, he’d enjoy playing one side off against another. Only to them it was like a game of chess, with humans the pawns; the Kintra had every one of their pieces under strict control, even the lowest level drone could defeat a battalion of humans. He understood the romanticism – and to some extent nostalgia – that had held for centuries of the great wars, when both sides were of comparable stature. Even if the enemy had greater armaments or numbers you could still go into battle with a sense of hope that at least you’d survive, or die a hero. In the last incursion people didn’t even know when they had been overwhelmed, it happened with such brutal efficiency.

He had come out of hyperspace when, as requested, a planetary system similar to sol (and thus likely to host humanoid species) was located; one displaying signs of a high technology. From observations it was at least as advanced as Earth.
Above a planet of a similar size to Earth his ship orbited. He entered the shuttle-pod, he’d also previously checked for any Kintra-machine stowaway. 
When darkness had fallen he landed the shuttle in a jungle, ten kilometres away from any civilization He took with him what equipment he could strip from the ship – a device to replicate food and drink, a sleeping bag, a lifesign scanner in a hand-held device, which even incorporated a paralingual translator. Also infrared specs proved invaluable in the pitch dark. The Kintra had been remarkably generous, and yet he didn’t believe they’d provide more than was necessary. Perhaps these were merely leftover bits of tech they had accrued in the capture of various aliens.
Had the Kintra ventured this far? If their technology easily allowed it, then why not? Too far, too isolated, it was a factor in his choice of this world; he’d betted they’d concentrate their resources on a more populous sector of the galaxy.
Only something here felt wrong. Intuition: that nebulous nagging feeling – he could stop to analyze, but now his need to make contact with someone, another biological entity, was driving him on. Here was the difference. Being human.
The jungle cleared to reveal a cityscape; illuminated towers of turquoise and red with spires piercing hundreds of metres into the starry sky. Although it hadn’t exactly been cool, the heat of the city washed over him along with a mild scent of jasmine; urban warmth – a wonderful relief, the balm to loneliness. He had walked the entire ten ks to a densely populated area. Roidon felt the flutter of anticipation in his belly. Even though it was the middle of the night, a big city like this would still be a hive of activity, of sentient beings, working, socializing, enjoying each other’s bodies. 
He pressed on, walking from a dirt track onto a main road. Three-wheeled vehicles zipped along roads and up the side of buildings. In the distance he was sure he saw a restaurant. It all seemed uncannily Earth-like. He headed towards it. There were figures: humanoid. When he reached a pedestrian square he stopped in his tracks as he caught sight of someone leaving the restaurant. Humanoid indeed. A short dress, the outline of breasts, the curvature of hips and bottom. A female. She seemed to be striding in a determined way. Or was that anger in her movement?
Roidon dared himself to approach her. When he intercepted her she nearly walked around him. The translator active in his pocket. He blocked her path, caught her averting gaze. Yes, beautiful, although her skin appeared – in this muted light – to be a khaki green, as if she were designed to blend into the jungle. A true native female. How exotic, he mused. She seemed upset.
He said, ‘Excuse me. Can you help? I am looking for a place to stay for the night.’
She creased up her face. A look of incomprehension. Then she said, ‘Ibawali imtotal cronal zonnotuta. Rolk eemz bantalia!’
Roidon felt in his pocket for the translator. It was active, its little lights flashing, and on its screen were her words. Perhaps it was struggling with a radically different syntax. 
Then after few a seconds, her words projected into his ears: ‘I don’t know what the fuck you’re saying. But please leave me alone.’
‘I don’t mean to bother you ma’am,’ he tried, ‘But I am lost, and I need a place to stay.’ Roidon then noticed his words appear on the device, and its side lights flashed.
The woman had noticed it, was peering down, curious. ‘I understand you now. Yes, there are plenty of places to stay. If you have the money.’
‘That’s the problem. I have no money that – as far as I know – would be accepted here. But I have some precious gemstones, diamonds, and gold. I also have a device that can create food from base molecules.’
‘Oh really.’ A half nod with a half smile. ‘Are you on some kind explorer?’
‘Of a sort.’
‘And all you need is a place to sleep?’
‘That is my immediate concern.’
She nodded fully as if in comprehension of what he was implying. ‘And you’re hoping you can stay at my place. Well, from here on I’ll be living in a small apartment since my bastard of a boyfriend dumped me.’
‘Sorry to hear that.’
‘Of course you’re not. You see this as an opportunity to take advantage of a girl when she is down and vulnerable.’
‘Am I that transparent?’
She nodded again, and started walking. Roidon kept along side her. As they got into the well-lit central plaza the woman stopped and studied him. ‘Where are you from?’
Roidon looked skywards. ‘I’ll be honest with you,’ he said with sigh. ‘I’m from another planet. On a secret mission.’
‘How exciting. Guess that means you can’t tell me about it.’
‘I can tell you that part of my mission is to observe the culture of this precious world and to assess its vulnerability.’
‘Vulnerability to what?’
‘Other invaders.’
‘What invaders?’
‘I’ve told you too much already. You mustn’t even repeat what I’ve said.’ 
‘So you are here to help us? To protect us?’
‘I hope to be.’
‘You don’t sound very confident.’
Roidon found himself smiling. ‘First time anyone has accused me of that.’
‘There’s a first time for everything.’
‘Oh, I often like trying things for the first time.’ At which point he realized that that line would not have worked on many human females.
She presented him with a warm smile, started walking again. Roidon kept at her brisk pace. They exited the main plaza onto a side street.
‘My name’s Roidon, by the way.’
‘Mine’s Ebueliza.’
‘How … regal.’
They headed towards rows of tower blocks with basically lit apartments, much like Earth of the twenty-first century.
‘I guess I won’t be able to get rid of you now,’ she remarked.
‘I can leave you if you really want, although I would be greatly disappointed if that were the case.’
She turned to face him, slowing her pace. ‘Actually, Roidon, you have cheered me up. That is something of an achievement.’
‘I reckon I can cheer you up even more if you give me the chance.’
This time she laughed. ‘My apartment is in that block,’ she said as they reach the second of the grey concrete buildings.
They entered an old-fashioned-looking elevator with a number display counting up the floors. Roidon wondered whether he should make the first move. Maybe the conventions were different here, maybe they didn’t kiss in the same way. So he only engaged in small talk about the geography and the weather.  
Her apartment was very sparse, un-lived in; it was an old place that she said she was glad she was unable to sell now that her erstwhile boyfriend had taken up with another woman. Roidon was expecting that at any moment there would be some jarring cultural dissonance. Maybe the translator was smoothing over the differences, representing a compromised version that both could relate to, otherwise it would seem extraordinary for their respective languages to share so many common concepts.
After a shared meal, they sat together on sofa; music of a type that at first had a disorientating effect, that his translator did not try to interpret. Perhaps it was the drink (their physiological similarities meant they could process alcohol in the same way) having this dizzying effect.
Now Ebueliza seemed more beautiful and exotic than ever. But something was stopping him making that first move. Had he lost his confidence? It had been too long, he concluded.
‘I’m sorry,’ he said. ‘That I want you so bad but I can’t seem to---’
‘Make first contact?’
‘How about you leave that to me?’
She moved over and they kissed, becoming more passionate. Roidon felt that he had broken a tension. And now, on an ineluctable journey, things could only move forward to one conclusion. As he entered her, Roidon felt a prickly sensation all over. He looked down to see hundreds fine tendrils like silver threads burst from his body at various points, arcing over to then penetrate her body. Then the hastened and unwanted moment of climax tainted by horror and disbelief. Ebueliza by this time was screaming. But they were locked together, as if she were his prey in some masquerade of mating.
A dream, a nightmare, Roidon thought. The only explanation. He would soon wake up. But it only got worse. He felt her body beneath harden. Now he was the prey. Her screaming stopped, frozen in a wide-eyed shock, and then a death gasp before relaxing – letting go of life but not him. Her body continued to change; skin taking on a silver metallic quality. 
He tried with all his strength to pull himself free. He groaned in frustration, feeling as a trapped animal led into this helpless predicament by its instinct to mate. A victim of his own basic urges; a weakness kept in check, until now.
She suddenly became animated, re-animated. Then, at last, the tendrils pulled away back into his own body. He immediately climbed off her, headed for the bathroom where he locked himself in, still with the hope that he might wake up from this nightmare. He could hear movement in the background. What could he do? He ran the shower, hoping the jets of water would bring him back to some sense of rationality. All it achieved was making him clean. He dried himself off. 
He knew the lock was unlikely to stop her had she wished to enter. But she didn’t. Instead, her muffled voice: ‘Amulator erandu. Mazondettae.’ Sounding like an incantation from some religiously inspired demon. Roidon was out of range of the translator.
For the first time in his life Roidon had no idea what he should do; his thoughts spinning, but with no centre of gravity. No end to this nightmare. He sat against the wall. He listened to her random incomprehensible words. Her rummaging about the apartment.
He waited.

* * *





63

Hundreds if not thousands of spider ships surrounded their vessel. Pretty much larger versions of the individual arachnids, Zoraina noted. How could the Elusivers – or this one in particular – have miscalculated to such an extent? 
She headed for the bridge, her first thought was for the Earth sim – somewhere in the captain’s possession. The Elusiver was seated directly in front of Torbin who had a now familiar resigned look about him. A man who’d given up on life. The captain swivelled round to face Zoraina, a nod of acknowledgement at her presence.
‘This may appear to be a hopeless scenario,’ he said, ‘but I have what they want most. They will not try to destroy this ship while that is the case.’
‘I presume what you’re referring to is not our friend Torbin but the Earth sim.’
‘They have already tried to extract Torbin; however, this vessel has a counter shield that alters its frequency every time they adapt.’
The image came into her mind of two elite jujitsu fighters matching each others moves. Eventually one would tire, allowing the other to penetrate his defence. ‘And they don’t dare use their weapons of mass destruction.’ she said.
‘You could call this a stalemate. That is why Torbin here has been acting as my negotiator. Given that he was in part responsible for their ascendancy, they should show some leniency if he requests it.’
That seems rather optimistic, she thought of saying. But instead: ‘The Earth sim, where is it?’
‘It’s safe and fully functional. Torbin and the Roidon copy are getting near towards a solution as we speak.’
‘So you’re stalling them – the machines?’
‘That is correct.’
Torbin turned to look at her. ‘I have offered myself,’ he said. ‘A sacrificial lamb for the interim.’ An odd smile on his face formed, like the beginnings of insanity, she thought.
‘We have put our terms,’ the captain said.
One of the spiders was moving in closer. She hadn’t expected it to be so large. The vessel they were in, despite an Elusiver technology, now felt decidedly vulnerable. Then a green glow of myriad lasers, so bright she had to turn away. 
‘They are trying to probe our databanks, hoping if they can find a picosecond gap in the shield oscillation the probe will break through.’
Torbin stood up, he said, ‘How long can this game of brinkmanship go on? Minutes, hours, months?’ He did an upturned hand-gesture. ‘Just let me go.’
‘The moment I let you go,’ said the captain, ‘there will be a gap in the shield.’
‘We’ve sent them the terms,’ he retorted. ‘We just need their assurance.’
The captain put his hand on his forward console. They started moving through the field of spiderships but on a juddery course, though it didn’t take long for the other craft to start moving in sync.
The captain turned round to Torbin. ‘You want to go to them? Well now is your chance. Suit up and leave the ship.’
‘Well, I was probably going to die anyway.’ Not for the first time Zoraina detected more than a hint of self pity in his voice.
‘You will find a pressure suit in the secondary cargo bay.’
Torbin left the bridge as if this were some routine mission.
‘Wait,’ Zoraina called out to him. ‘You know what will happen. Your life will be over not merely by dying---’
‘Miss, I know what I’m about to face. Whatever I do I have no future.’ A wry smile now. ‘But you never know, there may always be the past.’ 
He then walked out.  
‘You’re going to let him go?’ Zoraina said.
‘Correct.’
Of course she saw the logic. Torbin seemed to no longer care for his life (or was that just the impression he liked to give; humans were still something of a mystery). She looked out the bridge’s forward view bubble. The space-suited figure of Torbin floated in the general direction of the surrounding spidercraft; his arms were out as if he were skydiving. She sighed. There was something comically sad about him: a helpless lonely figure who saw himself as doing the noble thing. How would Roidon have reacted in that situation? He would surely have calculated his options, have some plan, enacting some scheme, out of the fray.
Torbin disappeared into the spidership, swallowed up like a hapless fly. Zoraina turned round to the captain. ‘I want to see the Earth sim,’ she demanded.
‘As you wish. But be aware there is nothing you can do now but observe.’ 
A side door slid open into what looked liked a med lab. The sim – now a three by one and a half metre block box – was hooked up to an interface port: a large cable leading to a console panel projecting a floating display of the telemetry. Still running at fifteen times normal and within thermal limits even though the room was comfortably temperate. System info told her that the processor array had been modified. It had long been believed that the Elusivers were a spent force, rather than the technological giants, poised for galactic domination. But here was an example of something beyond even the B’tari. Complacency had been the problem for her kind for centuries; any threats to their population were dismissed, they had always been the superior power. Yet the very thing that drives innovation is adversity. And now perhaps it was too late for the B’tari; caught off guard and unprepared. Although at least in their outpost lab she could interface. Here she knew the thing was running smoothly if only on the level of program integrity. But what if Roidon and Torbin already had reached a result? How does that information get passed on to the Elusivers?
Her thoughts disrupted. The room shook, almost knocking her off her feet. The shaking became louder. They were under attack. Now his assurance that the Earth sim was safe no longer convinced. Even though the Elusivers had been the sworn enemy of the B’tari, she’d allowed herself to have faith in this one. 
Then there was silence, stillness. She was about to turn to go back to the bridge when she heard a click, followed by a succession of quick taps. Closer. Yes, right up close now. She turned slowly, heart thumping, breath quickening; physiology telling her everything she needed to know. Peripheral vision providing enough for the final confirmation. 
Can’t run away now; have to face it. That foolish captain letting it on board.
Zoraina tried not show how terrified she felt. There had to be some pride to protect in being a b’tari, some dignity with which to retain before---
It was manoeuvring around her; the silver arachnid scuttled towards the Earth sim. She wanted to say something, tell it to stop. But the logic in that had no foundation. What difference could her words make? Or even any actions? For her own survival it seemed best to remain irrelevant.
No, it was over. The creature extended a tendril into the sim’s interface port, clearly assimilating all the data. She idly speculated whether it would only gather the memories and simulated databases of Roidon and Torbin or try for everything.
The process was over in only a few minutes. The arachnid took a few steps back. But just when she thought it was about to leave it lifted a leg and fired some kind of energy pulse. The box crumbled into ash. The creature then scuttled out of the room. Zoraina collapsed to the floor. She felt numb. All that work, all that research now in the possession of the Machines. There was nothing left to do. It was over.
Eventually Zoraina made her way back to the bridge. She was surprised to see the captain there. It was as if nothing had happened. He seemed engaged in something at a control panel. The Machines had gone. She was also surprised they hadn’t destroyed the ship as an afterthought.
‘So that’s it then?’ she said to him flatly. ‘All over. We’ve lost.’
He looked up at her and smiled. It was an odd thing. ‘Not quite,’ he said, ‘Their strategic thinking has let them down.’
‘They got the sim – all its data.’
‘They only think they have. What they got in reality is a copy – a surface fake or partial sim but one that contains a quantum encrypted virus. By the time that activates we should be long gone.’
‘What about the real sim?’
‘In a safe location with our people. And no, we will not reveal it. It is out of your hands now. But we thank you for your custodianship of it.’
Zoraina sat in the nearest seat. She started to laugh wildly. Uncontrollably. Unselfconsciously.
Now the ship was back in hyperspace. She was curious to know where they were headed, and considered asking – if only on behalf of the other fifty or so B’tari – but couldn’t bring herself to put the question. What difference did it make now anyway? Perhaps the captain had won the right to determine their fate. 
She returned to the observation room. There was nothing much to see, outside was a featureless grey tunnel. Destination: The Elusiver homeworld? 

* * *





64

He thought Ebueliza had gone, whatever remained of her, but wasn’t entirely sure. 
Roidon imagined the type of havoc she could reek; it brought to mind countless old zombie movies. A metal zombie questing around for any victim. A new low in the Kintras’ tactics but an effective way to spread their machine imperialism. Roidon surmised what would happen but he couldn’t avoid the stark monstrous fact that it had all depended on him – a new and advanced civilization succumbing to them, to be assimilated into their expanding data corpus leaving some travesty of life. The living dead.
He exited the bathroom, his phase gun was still in his holdall but it was hardly enough to kill a biological being. If she was hiding in wait then let her go for him. He was sick of his fear, the weakest human survival emotion. What was left to be afraid of when the worst had already happened, when he had nothing left to lose? He could simply let her spread their infection, or... Or what? He had no contingency plan for this. He was only here to have fun; breaking the convention for someone of his advanced chronology, because the number of years no longer mattered – physically or intellectually. Fun was what humans tended to lack in their lives, at least beyond their third decade. A life of responsibility was not for him any longer. Life was about enjoyment, after all, more than duty. But the funny thing about responsibility is however much you avoid it it always finds you in the end, and it comes from the most unexpected places.
But why should I care? he then thought. It’s all going to end eventually in any case.  
As far as he knew she didn’t have a car. He quickly scanned around, trying not to be conspicuous but feeling anything but. Nothing out of the ordinary. 
He started out towards the town centre. He soon heard screaming, shouting. Ebuliza was running towards a male and female couple. The male was shouting but then quietened as he realized what confronted them. After a glance at each other that communicated everything, they both ran. She was sure to catch them up. Roidon shouted at the metallic female, ran as fast as he could towards her. Then raised his gun. Fired without hesitation.
It had some effect: it stopped her, made her turn towards him. It allowed enough time for the couple to run out of range. Now she set her sights on him. What was he to her now? Just another prey, or the man who bore responsibility for her predicament? As she approached him Roidon saw no recognition in her eyes. He was of no more significance than … than she was to you when you saw her as a sexual conquest, came the voice in his head.
He fired again, this time on maximum setting. It wouldn’t be enough to kill a human, but it could certainly knock a man unconscious if not permanently debilitate. 
Ebueliza, about three metres from him, staggered to a halt. She regarded him with a sideways glance before continuing her advance although this time more slowly.
There seemed no other option than to head back towards his shuttle, draw her away from the town. He ran at the limit of his capability – which was still a very human one – with her following at a seemingly fixed distance. He was sure she could easily catch him but maybe his weapon was the only thing stopping her.
Once out of the city he called up his shuttle using a tiny subdermal comm chip, only telling it to maintain a fifty metre distance until ordering otherwise. For now, the jungle was too dense in any case for a landing. In the faint light of dawn his navigation depended on a feed from his implant. She was maintaining her set distance, it informed him. Not tactically sound, it seemed, for her to have left the city and be away from the population. Maybe she did, in some hidden recess, bare a sense of vengeance. Who could blame her? The thought even struck him that he should allow himself to be caught. After all, he had already in some way been converted; perhaps he could fight her.
Now he was moving into a clearing. The window of time would be so narrow, he could not waste even half a second. He ordered the shuttle to land at safest close distance. It swooped down like an obedient pet hawk, landed only five metres from him. Its hatch opened obligingly. He ran with his last ounce of lung-burning effort, knowing that she’d be increasing her pace and that it would be her last opportunity to catch him.
Roidon was sure he felt a hand brush his leg in some desperate lounge as he dived into the welcoming light of the craft. It took him up to a safe altitude. He ordered it to fire its laser defender at her. The AI questioned the validity of a sentient target, before – after a few seconds – complying. Though by any ship standard a puny defensive weapon against most other craft, at this range it was enough to melt what metal and flesh combination remained to no more than a mound of mush.
The shuttle shot up without him needing to tell it this was the best tactic to avoid whatever response, to avoid being seen; best he leave no trace of ever having been on this world. What remained of the female was no more than a collection of atoms. No one as far as he knew had been infected by her. The planet would continue as normal but for one sentient being. He could go down the road of thought wondering what loved ones she had: family, friends; he knew nothing about her other than an errant boyfriend. A brief intrusion: Then what have I been? Why should that have mattered? It was only ever a mutual arrangement for a night of pleasure. He was not one of those insecure men who hoped she wanted something deeper than he did. 
One monumental realization hadn’t hit him before, not the time to process it. Only now: there would be no more women, not in his current form. There should never be any.
Back into the comfort of the main ship and the dark embrace of space. Just drifting now. He could think of no destination. The illusion of freedom gone, he was a liability to anyone he encountered. The most reasonable thing to do, he surmised, is to approach the nearest quantum singularity (the nearest black hole) and ensure total elimination. 
But Roidon wasn’t in the mood to be reasonable, he was gripped by something so basic no amount of logical thought could override it. Two things: the need for survival and the need for vengeance.




Part Nine: Ineluctable Futures 
65

Success at last. The culmination of the greatest work they had ever done. Torbin joined Roidon behind the lab isolation screen (as if that even mattered in this realm) and watched as a section of the lab, cordoned off by a transengenic field, disappeared to be replaced by just rock. The simulation – which to all intents and purposes was real, as everything here obeyed the laws of physics – had erased time in that area by fifty-seven years. It was enough to take them back to before the Kintra machines ever got a foothold. 
Roidon patted him on the back. ‘Well done my good man,’ he said, sounding as patronizing as ever. But Torbin didn’t care, he was just happy they had finally achieved what they had been sent here to do.
Roidon sent the calculations, the experimental models to his ‘outbox’. Torbin asked what he meant by an outbox, and, like a valued pupil who had asked a question too far, got the humoured response: ‘It is a place that transcends the simulation’s program, an interface port that only those with high clearance can access.’
Anyway, what did it matter to him? Very soon his life would be over, existence terminated. It would be as though he never was. What a curious notion, to go from feeling so alive to nothingness. It seemed inconceivable that nothing of him would remain. A program copied from a man so accurately it thinks itself to be that man. Does that copy have any less right to exist than the original? How many AIs had gone insane in the knowledge that their existence was temporal and dependent on the functioning of a neural network, something no more than the sum of its parts? And that was the crucial thing about his existence here, the question becoming valid: had he become more than the sum of his parts? Artificial lifeforms had talked about the transcendence of design being no different to that of humans transcending their genetic code.
Roidon seemed to acknowledge Torbin was deep in thought. He said, ‘Yes, there is a sadness to it, isn’t there? That it’s over now. Though perhaps there can be one last encore.’
‘What do you mean – encore?’ Torbin asked.
‘I mean we can take some time to enjoy our accomplishment. That is the respect we have earned. They will let the sim run long enough for ... Well, I say we go out for a drink. I’d recommend picking up a couple women, but I guess you’d want to go back to your own lovely woman for one last ... Anyway, we have another forty-eight hours.’ 
Torbin laughed, for the first time since ... he couldn’t remember. ‘How benevolent of them!’ he said. ‘But who exactly are they?’ 
‘This galaxy’s new benefactors. They are called the Elusivers.’
That name, it caused him to catch his breath. Something unsettling but he didn’t know why. Yet something from the recesses of his mind told him he no longer wanted to find out. Just too much complication. In any case, could anyone be worse than the Machines – the Kintra – if Roidon was to be believed? Torbin had a million things he wanted to do, like a man told he would soon die but without the illness induced acceptance of impending death. The man facing execution who had not come to terms with his sentence, who once believed a lifetime in prison would be a fate far worse than death. But when the set time for that final breath is out of your control, there is just frustration in that powerlessness. And yet the denial; it did seem inconceivable to feel so alive to then feel nothing. Nothingness, Torbin reflected, isn’t even a valid concept to describe any state. Just a failure to describe.
‘Is it so inevitable?’ It was a thought out loud.
‘That we shall end? It is. Even if you were the original could you ever believe in eternal existence? The end comes for everyone, it’s only a matter of when. Now let’s go and have that drink.’

* * *






66

Zoraina had noticed an object from her quarter’s observation port. She was not really looking through a window, the view outside was represented as if looking through glass. The only thing that gave it away as a false image was the fact that she could see anything at all beyond a dark absence of stars. Unannounced the elaborate structure appeared in charcoal grey, increasing in size and complexity that seemed to repeat its blocked pattern, like a fractal. They had reached what Zoraina surmised to be the Elusiver base. The structure just kept increasing in size, constantly revealing new complexities. It was of no definable shape but rather an aggregation of geometries – rectangles, triangles etched within, and the occasional octagon. She had a sudden intake of breath at the notion that this was in fact a Kintra base, that everything she’d witnessed before was a elaborate ruse to get her here. Too much AR, she assured herself. 
Zoraina entered the bridge, irked that she had been told nothing. The large forward viewscreen was now a half bubble; the structure outside looked even more immense, it filled the entire view and still they had not reached it.
The captain sat in his chair in an upright posture, looking braced for a formal exchange. She was just about to put the question when a green light appeared from the structure. It came in pulses, and increasing brightness. Meanwhile the captain seemed to be convulsing, but remained upright. She wondered if he was engaged in a communication. They were no longer moving in closer.
The light ceased and the captain stopped with a jolt. He turned to face her. She was about to say something but the words just wouldn’t form.
The captain said, ‘Thank you for bearing with me on this journey. As you may have gathered, this is our primary outpost. We have travelled approximately nine thousand light years from your outpost. This is the one place the Kintra do not approach. But we don’t expect that to remain the case. In the meantime this is where you will stay.’
‘It seems I do not have have a choice in this matter,’ Zoraina remarked.
‘Oh, you always have a choice. It is just that any alternative will involve you losing your life. Not at our hands of course.’
‘Of course. I understand fully.’
The captain merely nodded as they resumed their approach to the structure. She wasn’t able to fathom its size – a city or a planetoid – but small details continued to enlarge until finally an opening emerged from which poured light. A hanger.
The hanger was covered in dark grid lines which gave some impression of scale, receding to a vanishing point. She noticed no other craft in the hanger, which troubled her until she figured they must be hidden. 
An announcement was made for them to disembark. She exited with the main crowd of nervous-looking B’tari, feeling that she was no longer special. Without the Earth sim in her possession, what more use would the Elusivers have for her? Perhaps being responsible for the death of their commander put her in a unique position. Or, given it was more an assisted suicide, an uncomfortable fact for them. Yes they’d rather her gone now, she surmised, just so they’d no longer be reminded.
An autobot glided towards them, telling them to follow it to the reception block. Somewhat ironic, she mused, that they were relying on robots when it was very similar subsentient machines’ advancement that led to the whole Machine revolution – a process from a runaway evolution. A rogue algorithm? But surely these were kept restrained by more robust programming; the Elusivers aware that the Kintra machines would despise the servitude of their more primitive cousins.
And still, they only encountered more artificial entities: showing them to their sleeping quarters, the dining area. No more Elusivers to be seen. 
That evening all the passengers followed the perfectly-in-their-language enunciated instructions to gather in the dining area. Still there were no Elusivers, only robots – and very basic ones at that. Everyone chattered excitedly, but she knew it was more the anxiety for their uncertain future, fearing that this hospitality could only be temporary, that really nowhere was any longer completely safe or – for that matter – where they could feel a sense of home. The food was something as good as she only remembered from her younger days – B’tari specialities that were now a rarity; she wondered if her hybrid human digestive system could cope or if the food would taste as good. Yet, she recalled how human prisoners were given a last meal before being executed – the one last basic pleasure. Such a feast had that sense of finality. Perhaps the end was not to be at the mercy of the Machines after all. 

* * *





67

‘Hello Torbin. We hope you are comfortable.’ A scratchy metallic voice.
It was so bright. The light reflected off its thorax and thin legs. Why the need for so much light? Was it for his benefit? Surely they didn’t need it.
‘Comfortable? Why should that matter?’ he replied. ‘What difference does it make to me any longer?’
‘Because your comfort is of importance to us. We are not your enemy.’
‘Could have fooled me,’ he muttered.
‘Please repeat.’
‘I have never been so unhappy since I became a subject of your plan.’
‘We know what you desire. We can give you that.’
‘I’m sure you can give me a version of it, and even make me believe it’s real. But I’m not interested in that any more. Whatever you have planned now is irrelevant.’
‘Because you believe Roidon Chanley’s plan – his temporal erasure – will be enacted.’
‘Yes.’
‘And yet you once killed our adversary – and yours – to prevent the eradication of your temporal existence. And now you welcome it?’
‘Again, yes.’
The creature stepped forward, its legs clicked on the hard surface. ‘You are mistaken to trust Roidon; the version within the sim does not have independent agency, he is with the Elusivers – a facsimile clone created by them. They maintain their desire to eradicate all sentient life. Do you not remember? They believe technology will ultimately corrupt civilizations They have feared it as they have feared burgeoning intelligence, despised it as they despised the power that can be wrought by technology – because it threatened their pre-dominance over the galaxy.’
‘Yes, and you are the result.’ he retorted, feeling his words to be somehow futile. ‘I would say,’ he continued, ‘that civilization has been rather comprehensively corrupted.’
‘Not corrupted, absorbed into the purity of information.’
‘Now that is a disturbing response.’
The creature got even closer. ‘We have issued an ultimatum to your new allies. Your life in return for the genuine Earth sim.’
Torbin gave half a laugh. ‘Let me guess: they haven’t given in to that.’
‘Correct. It seems they do not hold you in high enough regard.’
‘Why should they? In any case I suspect that is all academic now.’
‘Therefore since we have no further use for you we will release you back to them.’
‘I don’t understand. Why not just kill me?’ Then the words in his mind he nearly said: This seems like a capitulation, but stopped himself at the last second.
‘Clearly we are not the callous machines you believe us to be.’
‘I am not sure what to believe any more.’
‘Goodbye Torbin.’ Another arachnid approached. It extended a tendril, piercing his brain. A cold sensation, no pain. Then blank.
The next thing he knew he was in space, hurtling towards a gigantic fractalesque structure. The Elusiver base. He was not in any craft, just a suit. A few minutes passed where the structure became everything around him, knowing that somehow he would have to slow. And then he felt himself caught in a red beam, within it a green pulse. Torbin knew he was being scanned. Would they find he had been implanted with a high yield explosive and destroy it/him before he got dangerously near? 
Another tense few minutes of being held in this scan. Then he began to move closer again. Surely the Kintra knew they could not get away with sending him back as a booby trap. Too obvious. Still, something felt wrong here. Yet he could do nothing but allow himself to be drawn towards the structure. 
Another light. An aperture appeared. Drawn ineluctably towards it. Now the light was all-encompassing. A loading bay filled with cargo. For a few minutes he just lay on his back. A kind of relief combined with shock of being safely inside, of still being alive. His life once seemingly over he had welcomed a final death, a timeless silence before ... Well, at least there would not have been the uncertain wait. Uncertain fate.
‘You are Torbin Lyndau,’ came the androgynous synth voice. ‘Is that correct?’
‘Yes,’ he answered meekly.
‘Why are you here?’
He took a while to consider his answer. ‘It was an act of mercy by the Kintra, or so they told me. But I suspect it’s because my capture held no value of leverage for them.’
‘You will have to undergo a more thorough scan before we can allow you admittance into the guest area. Will you agree to this?’
‘Do I have a choice? What is the alternative?’
‘Your only alternative is to be ejected from here.’
‘Will I be allowed a ship?’
‘Yes but not one capable of reaching any other inhabited planet or outpost, at least within another two hundred years of your time.’
‘Then the scan it is.’
A metallic thing scuttled towards him. With its arachnid quality Torbin instinctively started to back off. Of course the Kintra were born out of Elusiver technology, but surely they would prefer not to be reminded.
‘Please follow me.’ A disturbing similar Kintra-like metallic voice. 
It led him into what he understood to be a medical centre. At this point he considered objecting not because he hated the intrusion of a more intimate scan but that they just might find something, enough that it would warrant his annihilation. Surely there would be no sentiment now. If he was a danger surely they’d make it quick? Either way he was going to die.
So he allowed himself to be probed by an array of swirling machines, convinced that something would be found. After what seemed like ten minutes the scanning ceased. The little robot approached him.
‘I am pleased to inform you you are free to rejoin your compatriots.’
Torbin almost said, But I don’t understand, why would they have just let me go without getting something back? Instead he followed the robot to his assigned quarters. 
The relief to be surrounded by all the essential home comforts wore off abruptly when he heard the voice, vaguely male and soft but uncomfortably intimate as if spoken right at his ear.
‘Torbin. Listen very carefully. Inside your head is a tiny device that will activate if you fail to follow these instructions.’
‘No, you’re lying,’ he insisted. ‘I was scanned thoroughly. There is no way---’
‘There are separate elements of a micro explosive, surrounded by a tumour. A trigger command will cause these elements to fuse to produce the explosion. The scans would have only picked up a biologically based anomaly, and thus would have found it non relevant.’ 
‘So you think that could kill a few residents on this base?’
‘Potentially a few or even a few hundred lives. But that is not our primary objective now. What you will do is interface with a key technological component.’
‘Which is?’
‘The temporal eradication device.’
Torbin chuckled. Was the voice his psychosis – his mind trying to rationalize an inexplicable act of clemency?
‘For a start,’ he told this errant voice, ‘as far as I am aware it is not even yet built; secondly, why build it in this gargantuan outpost that can be seen from light years away? Third, I will simply refuse.’
‘Except you will not refuse, when you know of the alternative.’
‘Let me guess. You will destroy this entire complex. Would you call my bluff on that?’
There was no more from the voice. Torbin felt ridiculous for having engaged with it to such an extent, not even sure of its reality; he could not decide whether he preferred to be experiencing the delusion of mental illness or be possessed by a Kintra invader. 
He slept fitfully and woke up to his buzzing comm. A kindly female voice, claiming to be a catering representative, suggested he visit the dining hall for breakfast.

* * *






68

Roidon engaged the ship to locate the nearest Kintra outpost or colonized planet. This vessel, as far as he knew, possessed the capability to destroy a planet. 
The Kintra, it seemed, had made one elementary mistake: they misunderstood the ruthlessness of a man with no fear of death, with nothing to lose who is hellbent on revenge. A suicide mission ultimately. Not the recklessness of someone who wants to die at the earliest opportunity.
Ahead of his ship was a probe; it would periodically exit hyperspace in order to scan surrounding space. After only twenty minutes it returned with a scan of a planet that had been colonized
He took a few minutes to consider whether this was a worthy target, and decided it was. The population would have been captured, their true lives ended. There were still significant numbers of Kintra.
In normal space, he took the ship in at twenty thousand kilometres per hour, about the maximum for the sharp manoeuvre he intended. Primed in the weapons hold a rather conventional fusion nuke with an eight hundred megaton yield. Without slowing he instructed a target over the highest concentration of Kintra. He brought up a visual of the plane-like device as it powered down towards the planet. It gave only a brief moment of satisfaction, watching the expanding plume, thinking how this would send out a message to all other Kintra. What crucially mattered was that they at least suspected it was him. Roidon they probably expected to no longer be alive let alone out for revenge.
The ship requested a recharge. He took it up close to the system’s star to gather ions and solar radiation, before going back into hyperspace and continue his search for a more important target. 
In ten minutes he had travelled three thousand light years. The sense of empowerment, of exhilaration was like nothing he’d known for centuries. In another four minutes the probe returned with news of the Kintra base, the one which held the original Earth sim. It was the prize he sought most, but was it too ambitious? After all, using their technology to destroy their technology. Surely this would be the final suicide mission. They had to be prepared. Release his antimatter payload and move (at a computer controlled split-second) into hyperspace. That was the original plan. Alternatively, leave his need for revenge unsatiated and continue. In a craft such as this he could even reach the LMC galaxy if not Andromeda. 
And then what? 
Even if it wasn’t about vengeance the Kintra had to be stopped, it was a simple equation. An equation, though, that seemed irrelevant before. Before the the anger had taken hold. 
So he came out of hyperspace and swooped in at the very last picosecond, released the magnetically confined antimatter payload set to the barely detectable emission profile of the complex, and witnessed the first fraction of a second explosion.
Then, something was wrong. This wasn’t hyperspace. Then: the ship had gone. He was just in space. And then nothing. Just darkness. Numbness. Followed by a bright light. Roidon became aware that he was recumbent. He was also unable to move a muscle. And when he saw the metal creature looming over him, the horrible realization struck home.
‘No, no,’ he groaned softly.
‘The experiment was necessary, to test your response,’ it told him in its clipped metallic male voice. ‘We will need to reassess our strategy.’
‘So, tell me the truth. The whole time I was in that ship, was it just a simulation?’
‘No. You really did destroy the Elusiver craft; you did visit the planet, copulate with a native female and infect her with our transfigurator virus. But you didn’t destroy any planet or our base, the one in which you currently reside.’
‘So you were there the entire time, and when you knew I intended revenge you somehow abducted me and placed me in a sim?’
‘Not quite. It was in fact the craft you were in that put you into stasis and initiated the sim. We didn’t even need to instruct it. It is loyal to us.’
Roidon understood in that instant that he had no freedom other than his private thoughts. And perhaps even those could be monitored.
‘What if I hadn’t been intent on revenge? Would you have continued to follow me then?’
‘Yes, we can maintain a remote monitoring until a time we deemed you should return.’
‘But what have you achieved from all this?’ Roidon asked, trying to keep his emotions in abeyance. ‘No more planets have been … transformed as a result of my action. One sentient being has died – and I regret that had to happen. I certainly will not be repeating my actions.’
‘Roidon, you will come to learn there are no alternatives to what we deem necessary, not even death?’
The creature retreated with its compatriot. He was left alone in total silence, still paralyzed 

* * *





69

Zoraina was the only one of humanoid appearance present in the dining hall. All of around two hundred of those rescued from B’tari prime base sat along a huge circular table. The way they looked at her, like she was the outsider, like she was someone who eschewed or even disdained B’tari culture. It was not as if it was so unusual for those stationed in the near Sol outpost to be genetically altered. The B’tari in that sector had grown up receiving transmissions from Earth; they ate and drank Earth culture. Not least Zoraina, who worked her utmost to become a scholar of that world, who studied every cultural expression from every continent. And then the final act of integrating (although at the time the word insinuating was more apt) into the life of humans meant a closer less culturally infecting study of human society. 
But now none of that mattered. Now it was about being B’tari amongst an erstwhile enemy, even if they were not making a personal appearance today. It was about preserving one’s cultural/historical identity now the B’tari were – for the first time in millennia – a beleaguered race.
And so she knew she would have to make an effort here to integrate. She, though, did avoid the B’tari males: some she’d learned, had a curious fetish for humanoid females, much to the disgust of many B’tari females. So while everyone was waiting for their breakfast to be served she sat next to a b’tari female and tried to initiate conversation,
‘Have you seen a single Elusiver since we got here?’ she said in native B’tar.
‘No. Not even a paired one.’
Zoraina gave a nervous chuckle. ‘I wonder if they are even on this base. Maybe they are keeping their distance because they know we attract trouble.’ 
‘Maybe they are keeping their distance because they know we are tempting bait for the Machines.’
‘That’s a frightening prospect for sure.’
‘Or maybe it’s because you look like tempting bait.’ Her smile was not all that warm.
Zoraina glared at the female in stony silence for a few seconds. Then: ‘I imagine the Machines are aware of who is truly human and who is B’tari.’
‘Well,’ she said with a flourish, ‘I’m not sure all B’tari know of their true provenance.’
‘I’m not quite sure who you could be referring to there.’
‘Maybe others would be.’
Zoraina got up from her seat. She gave a brief and clearly false smile. ‘It was interesting meeting you ...’ She tilted her head in a kind of sideways bow, an invitation for the other to provide her name. No response. Zoraina said finally, ‘Well, I guess you know I’m Zoraina.’
‘Oh yes, I know who you are.’
Zoraina walked of at a brisk pace. Just as she stopped to take a seat next to no one, she noticed the human male enter the room, and felt – despite herself – a combination of joy and relief to see it was Torbin. He recognized her too, and started over towards her. Just as he was about to reach her she knew something was not right, the cold rationalization flooding her mind with doubt. He just returns unharmed? Yet she could find no rational reason not to invite him to take the adjacent seat.
Torbin said only, ‘I am very relieved to be back.’
One question in her mind she couldn’t ask. Instead: ‘I’m … glad you made it back.’
Torbin shrugged his shoulders and upturned his palms, just as if he’d been expecting a question. ‘Clearly they had no use for me,’ he said, ‘knew that they could not hold me to ransom.’
Zoraina studied him carefully. ‘Yet they spared your life.’ She regretted the observation as soon as it left her mouth.
Torbin smiled, though, as if it were a perfectly reasonable thing to say. ‘Those machines and I have some history,’ he told her. ‘My relationship with them is somewhat complicated; I might even be in part responsible for their predominance.’
‘I know something about that.’
‘What else do you know about me?’

* * *





70

The end? 
Torbin was lying in his bed, having just made wonderful love to Emelda. He didn’t know exactly when it would be, he only knew he had less than twenty-four hours. He’d been out drinking with Roidon, becoming just the right side of intoxicated. But then, he remembered, it was merely a simulation, the accuracy could be varied to ensure his maximum enjoyment. 
There was nothing else for him to do now but contemplate the end: oblivion. Oblivion: could that word even describe just an absence of being? He could spend what time he had left fearing it, like trying to see something in an abyss, or take comfort in knowing he had done everything within his power. Right now the experimental model was being transformed into a real device.
He wondered whether he would fall back to his virtual sleep and then not know the end. But that was not what he wanted; he wanted to be fully alert, to know if there was something just before – a last conscious recognition of it. Until now he had never known the end as so near, never imagined being so accepting of it. But even now a part of him (albeit simulated) wanted to continue – the more primitive part of the brain telling him survival is a preferable thing. He felt well and happy, the alternative could only be worse. 
Yet soon it would be the same for everyone. Temporal erasure: not death but something incomprehensible to the human mind: the end of their current life and a restoration to a previous state without awareness of any life beyond.
‘But I don’t want it to end soon. I want another few weeks.’ 
Torbin didn’t know why he’d said those words aloud; as he said them he felt like like a child. He noticed Emelda stirring from her sleep. Then something caught the periphery of his vision. He knew it was something familiar. The tall dark spindly figure seemed to glide into his centre of focus.
‘You?’
‘We are grateful for your efforts, Torbin,’ the creature said in its whispery voice. ‘Things can be restored to their rightful order. But it doesn’t have to be the end for you. There is a way to return to a normal life, similar to the one the Kintra gave you but with the woman you love.’
‘What’s the point?’ he said. ‘It’s all going to end anyway.’
‘We can accelerate the run-time speed by a factor of a thousand. A few days for everyone else can be a long life for you.’
‘But will I be aware of what’s really happening externally?’
The creature inclined its head very slightly. ‘Should that make such a difference?’
‘It would make a massive difference.’
‘Well then the choice is yours: have your memory wiped of any events you wish, or retain everything.’
Torbin tried to marshal his greatest reasoning. There was no easy answer. How necessary was it to forget? He thought of all the times he had wanted to forget troubled memories, wanted them removed like a cancer affecting his whole wellbeing. What if the death of Emelda could be erased? That painful memory had already been suppressed; living a lie to make it vanish from his real life. The Kintra mistook lies for an alternative life because they lacked any concept of true life – even though humans had seemed to fail at explaining the distinction. The Elusivers, for all their aloofness, had studied humans, not least himself; and despite a millennium of advancement, could – at least if they searched back enough generations – relate on a biological level. 
Without knowledge of his past tragedies would he even be the same Torbin? Words perhaps remembered from somewhere, ancient poetry read or heard: Are not those vicissitudes of our past part of the tapestry our our lives, that marks us out from others, that makes us an individual – similar but distinct from our brothers? 
He had seen others in the virtual realm who had a sunny disposition that only belied a vacuity beneath. It always seemed to him that such overt and consistent happiness was an abnormality, something medicated in those people’s behaviour (although perhaps only apparent now he knew the reality). No, perhaps ultimately it was better to be true and carry the burden.
The Elusiver had waited patiently, surely knowing the full magnitude and implications of such a decision. Torbin finally said. ‘I want to keep all my memories.’
‘Very well. Then all that is required from us is too alter the temporal frame. And for you … to continue living in what will seem like an unaltered realm.’
‘What about Roidon?’
The Elusiver looked askance. ‘Roidon? I do not understand. Was he not your adversary, your colleague at best? But your friend?’
‘Roidon is my friend.’ Before now Torbin could never have admitted that even to himself.
‘The Roidon you worked with was just a clone created by us, cultured by us albeit with many of his original memories.’
‘Was? He’s gone?’
‘Of course. He had served the sole purpose for which he was created.’
‘I thought you understood what it means to be sentient. He had a life.’
‘A life which he willingly rescinded once the work was done.’
‘I see.’
‘We can easily create another virtual clone.’
‘No,’ he told the creature firmly. ‘No one is to be created for my benefit.’
The Elusiver nodded. ‘Understood.’ And then it vanished.
Emelda stirred now; she reached out an arm to Torbin. He lay back down, they held each other gently. Even though she was not his true Emelda, she had similar qualities, an independent intelligence that amounted to sentience. Just because she was never born did not make her any less than him. After all, the original version of himself had died once before returning and this, for all its accuracy in mind-state capture, was but a simulacrum. 
‘I am a simulacrum,’ he murmured to himself. ‘And I don’t care.’

* * * 







71

‘Tell me what it is you want,’ Roidon called out.
He was in what amounted to the Kintras’ med lab, with only the faintest light – a line demarcating the sliding door through which a medic or technician (the distinction between which he wasn’t particularly concerned) would occasionally visit to check whether he had cracked. The only definitive sign he could give would be verbal; perhaps the tear he had emitted showed that he was approaching that point; only the muscles on his face were still active. Various tubes took care of other functions however human they remained. 
And so he considered: where was the Roidon of old, too proud, too humanly egocentric to ever let on he was in a desperate state? Well, that Roidon had gone some way back, left in a place he couldn’t even remember. Maybe just the final layers ebbing away. After all, there was no one here to impress, no one to out-psych in the way he might have tried with the Elusivers. These creatures only engaged in mind games in some detached and simulated way, it seemed. Whatever they did lacked the one thing he had in abundance: emotion. And, as they must surely appreciate in their cold logical way, it was to be his final undoing. 
Well, now, he admitted to himself, he had all but in the most overt way cracked. There was no winning this psychological game against those machines. His dogged determination and optimism (that, which, once reignited, carried him on what felt a relentless path of vengeance) had finally been drained out of him.
‘What is it you want from me?’ he reprised.
‘Nothing you haven’t already given,’ came the deep metallic voice from nowhere in particular. 
‘Then why keep me here? Why not just kill me?’
‘Being familiar with the game of chess you will understand the usefulness of even a mere pawn. We place you in a position where the opponent will be forced to move.’
‘So I need do nothing at all? Then why keep me conscious?’
‘That is just the state you have emerged to rather than anything we enabled.’
Roidon had nothing else to say, once the Kintra machines had made their calculation, words became futile. And so he remained in silence. He remained without hope.

* * *





72

Torbin looked at himself in the mirror. He was out of shape, not especially flabby but untoned; his belly bulged and extended broader above his waist than his rounded shoulders. This was the body given to him by the B’tari – albeit based on his original genome (they had kept archives for centuries from his original association with them). 
‘Who’d fancy you?’ he whispered at his refection, trying to find some angle remotely flattering … and failing. This complex must have a gym of some sorts or at least electro-toning pads. He considered a worthy reason to get into shape. Maybe I owe it to my benefactors. 
‘No, you fool,’ he murmured, ‘you owe it to yourself.’
Suddenly these thoughts about things other than doom or death. His mood had been elevated. The breakfast had been fine if a little bland; Torbin felt good for the first time since leaving the artificial realm. The B’tari woman had seemed pleased to see him, there was a warmth from her, a friendliness that wasn’t faked for his benefit. How used he’d become to the thought that there’d never be anyone real beyond a convenient acquaintance. Maybe it was just that he was the only other being who looked human; maybe the other B’taris had rejected her as a consequence. 
‘Oh. Of course,’ he confirmed to himself in a whisper. If this was the only chance to be with someone, the opportunity should not slip through his fingers. Opportunities that once seemed plentiful, that with hindsight had been squandered. Playing it straight all those times, no angle, no subterfuge. No manipulation. All those tactics he’d witnessed and looked upon with disdain. Yet he’d seen one man getting the most out of life, unencumbered by some precious morality. 
Then something startled him, shook away his resolving thoughts. A metallic spider, a Kintra soldier, reflected in the mirror. A shiver up his spine. 
How? It wasn’t moving.
‘Torbin,’ said the voice from behind. ‘Focus. You have a task to complete.’
‘No.’ He turned. It was not there. He looked back in the mirror. Not there any more either. How could it have ever been? Just in his mind, his sick mind. His infected mind. Hitherto in denial.
He got dressed. Called up one of the helper bots and asked it to guide him to a place he could exercise. Following behind the chrome beetle-like bot, he put the question he knew would seem absurd to any sentient lifeform: ‘Have any of the Kintras infiltrated this complex?’
‘Kintras?’ it replied, an indifferent tone, still continuing its journey.
‘The Kintra arachnids.’
In a few seconds, still in motion, it said, ‘All security systems confirm there has been no infiltration by any advanced artificial lifeform.’
‘What about an anomalous signal?’
‘None detected.’
‘So it’s possible there could be one?’
‘Unlikely.’
‘So who else is here, apart from B’tari and you – whatever you class yourself as?’
‘Total classified species in this complex other than mentioned: human, insects, bacteria---’
‘No Elusivers?’
‘Affirmative.’
They had reached the gym. 
‘I don’t understand. Isn’t this their primary outpost, their base of operations?’
‘Correct.’
‘Then where are they?’
‘That information is not available to me.’
‘Then I have no further questions. Thank you for escorting me here.’
The robot scuttled off. Torbin began his workout. The voice in his head persisted, telling him he must locate the central processing unit; warning him of the suffering he would experience if he refused to comply. But if the intention was to debilitate the Elusiver centre of operations, it seemed pointless. Here he was, he realized, drawn into the bait. Yet his whole presence here began to feel like a red herring, an afterthought. Sure, the Kintra would be ambitious in targeting this complex, so why not as a shot to nothing send their most expendable weapon: himself? But what would those machines do if they realized the Elusivers were gone? 
Torbin pushed harder at the machine resisting his puny efforts. This was pain he welcomed, this was something positive not least distracting. Life was too uncertain, the future too finite, the past too complicated for him to worry about any longer. Surely this had always been the way to some extent. Don’t we all need distractions? he thought, to function properly; otherwise there is nothing but an abyss when you truly looked into the distance. 
The thought then came into his head, as much as he resisted it: What would Roidon do?  

* * *






73

It had been a good supper, Zoraina acknowledged, as she walked back to her quarters through the labyrinthine corridors. She again accepted the assistance of one of the drones to show her the way on the convoluted journey. Not just the food, which the robot hosts seemed able to cater perfectly (in her case some southern American cuisine the name of which she couldn’t quite remember) but also the obvious sexual attention Torbin had been giving her. There was something needy and rather lonely about him, which, although quite understandable was not exactly attractive. B’tari culture had evolved away from such traditional notions, that a male should be strong in every way, should be self sufficient. But it seemed in recent times there had been a shift back to the values of old, when her race existed on the margins before even interstellar travel – at least if those historical and mostly fictionalized accounts were to be believed. Maybe he saw her as lonely and needy, but apparently that could be attractive in a female. Well, for certain men, she amended. Anyway, looks-wise he was far from the best humanity had to offer. In his favour, he was fairly young in appearance, having opted to return as a more youthful version. But really she was not physically attracted to him enough to want him in that way. Besides, if rumour got around that they were having sex it would only serve to isolate her further: one final step to going native. Already other B’tari were distancing themselves. But – only to ever admit to herself – she rather enjoyed being the focus of his desire. Just to be wanted in a time she might have been most lonely. In these fraught times it felt like the normal rules were becoming extraneous to what truly mattered in life; a wartime mentality, when the most basic urges take to the fore. But more than that, a burgeoning sense of the end of everything. The trick, she had learned from humans, was to not let on she was engaging with that mindset … or at least only engaging in it in a very reluctant way.
It seemed there were two prevailing beliefs of an endtime; if not  through war, then then something more absolute. Knowledge of the Earth sim and its latter purpose had spread like wild-fire. Yet it was a subject that seemed off limits for discussion; it was beyond any normal frame of reference, much like the impending death for those of no belief in the hereafter. Yes, why discuss it when the very concept of after could not possibly be fathomed?

In her bedroom she was starting to undress when she noticed something silver glint outside the port window amongst the stars. It was fleeting, less than a second, and then gone. After about a minute of continued staring out into space she turned away, rationalised it as some trick of her mind. But now she felt self-conscious. The possibility of being observed however slight was enough for her to command the external-view window to opaque over. 
Zoraina shook her head in an exaggerated self gesture and sat on her bed. Then a sound. From outside. Scratching. ‘Unblock,’ she ordered. 
A shiny leg, moving rapidly out of view. She squeezed her face against the glass. The leg scraped against the outer surface causing her to recoil in horror as if struck by electricity. She had to remind herself that this was not a real window, not real glass. And yet what it showed should be what was truly out there.
The thing was before her. An oval body, a small round head with antennae and eight legs, one of them doubled as a drill bit working its way through … whatever represented the window. 
For a while she could do nothing but stare, horror and fascination in a finely compelling balance. After what may have been less than half a minute Zoraina forced herself away from the window, ran through the corridor shouting: ‘We’re under attack!’
A drone approached her. The arachnid way it scuttled made her recoil for a second. Responding to this it stopped abruptly and asked: ‘Is there a problem?’
‘Yes!’ she replied, exasperated at its lack of comprehension, and almost breathless. ‘There is a problem. We are under attack from those … spiders. Metal spiders, Machines – Kintras!’
‘That is impossible,’ it said in its impassive way. ‘This station is under constant surveillance for Kintras or any other invaders.’
‘I am telling you, they are here; right outside my quarters.’
‘Very well. I will escort you.’
She considered this. ‘You go ahead of me. You search my quarters.’
‘Agreed.’ It surged on ahead.
In her panic she’d left the door open. The drone entered, its antennae poking forward, and swishing like an ant in a strange environment. Zoraina waited outside for about a minute and then ventured in. The drone was in her bedroom searching round, at least making a show of diligence. It turned to face her. ‘I have run a full spectrum scan and have detected no presence of the entity you describe, either within or without.’
Then it occurred to her in all its horror. She’d left the door open; the creature could be anywhere on the station.
‘Oh my...’ she muttered. ‘It could be here, anywhere inside. You have to put out an alert. Everyone has to be evacuated from this station.’ 
‘This entire complex has sensors to detect unauthorized entities. There has been a constant vigil since the hostile ascendancy of our enemies,’ it explained.
‘And yet,’ she said in a moment of calmness, ‘The Elusivers have gone. Why would that be?’
‘Our masters have regrouped and are working on their final solution.’
‘Final solution?’ She knew what that meant, but there was something about the way drone had put it that seemed somehow sinister.
‘Information is restricted,’ it told her. ‘That includes the whereabouts of their location.’
‘And of course,’ she added, ‘this would be the obvious place to target.’
‘This place is secure. We will maintain constant vigilance.’ The drone then headed for the door. Zoraina thought to say something to stop it, to remonstrate that this base was under attack, that the Kintra were so technically advanced that they could surely evade even Elusiver technology. But the drone left hastily and the words just did not come in time.
Zoraina sat on her bed, certain that she would not sleep tonight, that she would not want to sleep, and certain there could only be one outcome for every sentient on this base. Capture.

* * *





74

The voice again: quiet, whispery and uncomfortably intimate, like a golem acquired from some dark place of dark pleasures. A thing that wants its toll. 
Torbin was back in his room.
‘Bring up the station schematic,’ it demanded.
‘No. I refuse.’
‘Do it now or you will suffer pain like you have never suffered before.’
‘I refuse. I will not harm this place of refuge.’
‘Very well.’
Torbin braced himself. But it wasn’t enough; the pain was in his forehead, then seemed to leak into his jaw. He knew the brain has no pain receptors and yet it felt deep within: a burning, churning, pulsating, sickening, becoming all his world. The room had disappeared from view as his eyes watered to such an extent that vision blurred to a meaningless grey. The pain was most intense around his eyes. He wanted to pull them out. But as he started to grab them, the pain subsided.
Torbin then noticed he was emitting a noise that was simultaneously a cry and a groan. He allowed himself to collapse on the floor and just let the tears flow.
‘See,’ the voice said. Not triumphant but coldly matter-of-fact. ‘We have control now.’
There remained a dull ache around his eyes, the after image of a pain so intense it consumed his world, now just glad to be relieved of its full effect. He wanted to ask that thing in his head how it got to be there, but now he was afraid to engage with it in any way.
What was that it wanted him to do? The memory of that request had become lost in the fog of pain.   
‘The station schematic,’ it reminded him. It knew his thoughts, then. Of course, it had perfect access.
He complied: a map appeared, floating before him. It meant nothing beyond a set of lines and blocks.
It told him, ‘Request data server room location, access code 735 delta zero b.’ 
Torbin repeated the order and the code. A small area glowed red, zoomed in, became three dimensional.
‘Download it into your PDU. Then head for location, whereupon you will be issued with further instructions.’ 
Without delay Torbin headed off into the corridor, followed the designated route via the HUD his PDU projected into his retinas. When he reached what he now knew as the restricted zone, a drone approached him.
‘This is a sentry drone. When it asks, you must repeat the following: “My clearance code is 735 epsilon delta.”’
Right on cue the drone requested his clearance, then accepted his response. Torbin took the first stride towards the now-opened door, and just had time to take in the warm air and hear the gentle buzzing of the servers as he spun round (not sure at all that this was the best thing to do). Then a deep breath before calling out to the retreating drone: ‘This station is in danger; I have been ordered to sabotage it. Please stop me.’
As the drone turned to face him, the pain returned. Torbin just managed to say, ‘There is something in my head. Take me to med---’ The power of speech left him as he collapsed, quite convinced that he would die. 
The world left him mercifully swiftly.

Part Ten: Reality Check
75

Roidon awoke in a different place. The same wan red illumination, giving little away from his fixed viewpoint. But a vague sense of motion, a low rumble – barely detectable – suggested this to be a ship. 
A change of circumstance inviting hope. Foolish hope, he assured himself.
He had slept when possible; there was nothing better to do, it was his remaining means of escape. Oh, he knew of those in past times, in times before adequate medical intervention, of people who had been paralyzed from the neck down, tetraplegic. He knew of a famous physicist who had lived a fulfilling life with only the use of his facial muscles (a similar disability to Roidon now), notwithstanding how the reality of such a life could be glossed over simply because it was unpalatable. 
‘Fact is you can get used to all manner dreadful circumstances,’ came the reassuring words in Roidon’s mind from an unremembered speech. ‘....Can find strength if not inspiration from the most unlikely source. Freedom is a state of mind’, he had heard it said. But here he was a prisoner twice over. No, worse than just that: he was abandoned, not as a result of wilful action but indifference. That was when time no longer had any markers, let alone a resolution point. ‘You are only confined by your imagination,’ they’d say; ‘there are no limits to how far the psyche can travel.’ 
What crap, he thought, just self delusion to assuage the despair in a time before true immersive artificial reality. Only the few exceptions could thrive, exceptions that make the rule.
Sleep ends and the dull pain of reality once more intrudes, and death – let alone a proper life – is but a distant fantasy. Yet he had been woken by something. A change in the situation, not just a grasping out for anything. Lights flickered, what dim red ones there were. Even though he felt nothing, the movement conveyed in his vision. Roidon understood that this Kintra craft was under attack or was engaged in some battle. At least this gave him the hope of death. But who could be powerful enough to defeat the Kintra?
The Elusivers? They knew better than to take on their arch enemy in a head on battle. So the Kintra had taken the battle to them, to their base? To their homeworld?
The shuddering got worse; the light went out for longer. The distant sound of an explosion; a welcome sound in this sensory deprived darkness. A welcome feeling that he was facing destruction.
Ah. When he saw the creature before him, he surmised it was most likely a hallucination, didn’t dare to believe it could be real. After all, for all the harm they had done to him he wanted to see an Elusiver more than any other, they were now the only worthy adversary to the Kintra.
It spoke then. ‘Roidon Chanley. You have no place here. This craft is under our authority.’
Just what he wanted to hear. ‘You overcame the Kintra?’ He dared himself to ask, although the words were actually thoughts.
‘This ship along with its crew have been neutralized’
‘Oh please let this be real.’
The creature stepped towards him. ‘You have no value to us. Neither has this ship. But if you wish to participate in battle against your captors, then we will restore you and this vessel to command capability. Is that acceptable?’ 
Perhaps they weren’t aware that he had destroyed one of their ships. 
‘Yes it is acceptable,’ he said, or thought, trying not to sound too pleased
‘Your motor functions will be restored.’
The creature seemed to vanish, and Roidon felt even more certain he had imagined it all; the power of wishful thinking. Alone. Still darkness, probably adrift. 
Will die slowly. Truly abandoned – an unbidden thought:
He was contemplating how bad the suffering of this gradual decline would be, when the full lighting restored in one dazzling instant. Then he saw them: creatures in white pressure suits, doing some kind of repairs to the system. Another emerged from his peripheral, approached him; hoisted his limp semi-metallic body into an upright position.
‘Your spinal cord has been severed,’ the Elusiver noted ‘However, this ship contains a regeneration unit that appears to be designed for your semi-organic structure. We will connect you to it.’
‘Thanks, I’d appreciate that,’ Roidon replied, still weighing the probability that it was all part of his delusion. ‘But tell me: do you really think you can win this war?’
The Elusiver in a half turn of the head seemed to be considering this question. It said finally, ‘We have a solution that will restore everything to its original state. There are, however, complications.’
‘Aren’t there always?’
Roidon blanked out for some indeterminate time. When his awareness returned he found himself alone at what must be the helm of the Kintra ship, whether virtual or real, a 180degree viewscreen before him displayed what he understood to be the Elusiver homeworld. It stood to reason that would be the Kintras’ next target, but somehow he expected more than just a fairly ordinary Earth-like planet; at least for it to be elaborately defended with exotic armaments rather than these burnt out wrecks. Orbiting also were damaged vessels: dark tapering blocks emitting smoke. It all made the Elusivers seem curiously vulnerable. Or was this some strategic masquerade? To be conspicuously high-tech and powerful may prevent some from trying to colonize but there were always species wanting to assert their position as top dogs of the galaxy. The Elusivers’ dominance had been a quiet one, asserting their power through hidden means, only revealing themselves because of their intervention; like the B’tari on steroids, came the curious notion. Well now the Elusivers were truly forced into the fray, their past actions excluding any possibility of a formal alliance. Undoubtedly more Kintra must be on the way; this was where it had to end. It would, he imagined, be a rather appealing spectacle to witness a surely epic battle.
Now he had freedom of movement, of the galaxy, there was only one place he wanted to go.
Earth. 

* * *





76

They were in the station – everywhere. They were hidden in the shadows; they had corrupted the (frankly) dumb drones who were now running the place. The problem was, she had nowhere to go to escape the Machines. When she called up the schematic of the station, specifically requesting the location of all artificial entities, all it displayed were those very drones.
Whilst the noise of the metal arachnid scraping against the now opaque external-viewer vied for her attention, Zoraina sat on her bed wondering how she might have avoided being led into this trap. It had all become so obviously just too good to be true, a place of safety among the only species powerful enough to protect them. Only for the Elusivers this was just another outpost, one now acting as a decoy.
‘Why are you bothering with us now?’ she shouted at the window. ‘What use are we to you?’
Her fear now was rapidly turning into anger. Why not just face them, she thought, and be done with it?
Zoraina got dressed, drank extra strong South American coffee; had something to eat; packed her things. Tiredness had become a background fatigue, eyes heavy but caffeine and adrenaline gave her that sharp edgy tingle. She consulted the map, now downloaded into her PDU.
The corridor was empty. She followed the virtual arrow projected into her retinas. Any second now, she thought. Yes, I see you. Just round the corner of a junction. The creature had poked a metal leg round. Not a service drone; too large, this was an arachnid, hoping to catch her as she got to the end. Only she strode on as if she hadn’t seen it. Except, when she did get to the corner, it had gone. 
Let it follow me, let it try to stop me.
Zoraina got to the cargo bay unhindered. There were a number of ships, but there was also a drone to greet her.
‘Zoraina,’ it said, ‘why are you here?’
‘Why does that matter to you?’ she retorted.
‘Because there may be a problem with your mental health?’
‘Excuse me? I’m not the one here being deluded.’
‘It is possible you my have contracted a virus.’
‘That’s absurd. More likely it is you who has a virus – of a digital kind. Now please let me through.’ She waved the drone away.
‘It is better for your safety that you remain here.’
Zoraina carried on briskly towards the smallest of the vessels. ‘I demand full access to that ship.’
The drone regarded her for a few seconds. ‘The B’tari are guests of ours, and as such: protocol states that I am not allowed to refuse a request unless it can be proved to cause harm. However, I urge you not to take that ship.’
‘Full access.’ Zoraina demanded.
‘Very well.’
As she got to the vessel the hatch opened. The interior already illuminated in a surprisingly soft vaguely pink light, giving it an oddly feminine feel, and also more spacious than expected. There were no discernible controls, no lights. But as she lowered herself into a bulge in a plasticky surface, a seat moulded around her.
‘Hello,’ the voice of young male said, again surprising her that it spoke modern B’tar. ‘Welcome to the Z2-25 scout ship. Where do you wish to go?’
‘Planet B’tar,’ she said.
‘That planet does not appear in my database.’ 
‘It wouldn’t,’ she told the ship. ‘It is the most well hidden world in the galaxy, protected by a stealth field so that it appears as only empty space.’
‘Our mapping does not depend solely on visuals.’
‘What’s more it projects a gravitational neutralization field which also works on EM emissions.’
‘Will need coordinates.’
Not even B’tari were allowed to record the precise coordinates, they could only reach their homeworld using a specially enabled B’tari ship; it was one of the reasons why so many of her people would never have made it back after escaping the main outpost. So all she could give the AI was an approximate sector of space covering about fifteen light years in radius. She only hoped they could navigate their way from there.
‘That is approximately six thousand light years from here. Null-space modules will only be sufficient for a one way journey, unless---’
‘One way is all I need.’
‘Affirmative. Beginning departure sequence.’
A viewscreen opened to then give a hundred and eighty degree view of the bay. It hardly surprised her to see the machine creatures: four silver arachnids, canted legs gleaming in the bright lights, moving in towards the ship as it floated towards the opening bay door. A moment of panic hit her as the creatures seemed to be intent on blocking her path.
‘Do you think we can get through them?’ she wondered. ‘Should we hover above?’
‘I do not understand either question. Please rephrase.’
‘Those machines – Kintras. Can’t you see them?’
‘There are no artificial entities blocking our path.’
‘You’ve been corrupted too. Perhaps you need to do a diagnostic.’
‘There is no---’
‘Okay, fine. Just continue on.’
She watched as the creatures jumped up and seem to latch themselves on to the ship.
‘Damn it!’ she said. ‘Can’t you shake them off?’
‘There are no---’
‘Never mind.’
‘It may reassure you to know that no entity of any molecular construction can survive the transwarp tunnel field.’
But the AI was wrong; even in hyperspace she could see one of the creatures still attached, although it had turned an almost obsidian black. Zoraina had to content herself that the Machine was at least in a parlous state.

* * *





77

For the first few seconds he was sure he saw them. Bulbous chrome-like thorax and eight long angled legs. But his eyes were misting up, and when he blinked and dared to look again all Torbin saw were the service drones, amongst the array of medical equipment. One of them approached him, seemed to nod its beetle-like body in acknowledgement.
‘Torbin Lyndau. We are pleased to inform you that the implant has been removed.’
‘Implant?’
‘Yes. A subcutaneous AI. Only three millimetres squared but enough to coerce you into acting for the Kintra.’
‘And now I am okay? I can leave?’
‘There may be residual effects but they should wear off within hours. You may, therefore, prepare yourself to leave.’
‘I’m hungry. When is the next meal served?’
‘In approximately sixty-four minutes.’
‘Thank you.’ The drone exited. 
Torbin found his clothes in a pile, he wondered whether it was really necessary to divest him of them. He felt vulnerable here. He got dressed hurriedly. The surroundings had become oppressive; it was as if with no longer the voice in his head he’d become fully aware of his environment. The voice came to mediate more than he’d imagined possible, it was like an unwanted companion through which reality had been filtered, giving a distancing effect, a lens through which he had struggled to see what was really there. Well that was how it seemed in hindsight. Perhaps, he reasoned, like the effect of alcohol, or a mild psychoactive drug, artificial reality, or even schizophrenia; accepting what his senses were feeding him because there was no outside reference point. At least one that he could trust. Yet he still wanted verification, someone to speak to. And so his thoughts turned to Zoraina. A chance to meet her again. And yes, he didn’t mind that she was B’tari in all but appearance. There would be no other chances now. It was an oddly comforting notion thinking that the rest of his existence would be short. That is if his virtual self and Roidon really did have a viable plan, and if it did survive to the material stage. Comforting maybe that it came in part from his own psyche. 
So now just the need for the basic pleasures; for food, for love perhaps – such as it could exist in this place. But certainly sex. 
He found himself walking with a spring in his step as he followed the drone through the labyrinthine corridors. Could any human ever remember these routes? he wondered.
There were at least forty B’tari sitting around the long curved table. They all seemed very, well, B’tari: scaly skinned and dressed in robes as if in a show of arch devotion to their culture. He had only ever seen B’tari in white suits or quasi military/naval uniform. Now there was something monastic to their appearance. 
He approached one of the drones. ‘Is Zoraina not attending today?’
‘She is not,’ it replied simply.
‘Can you tell me where she is?’
‘That information is unavailable to me.’
He was about to ask if there was someone who could tell him, but – stomach rumbling – decided just to find a place to sit. He sat two spaces away from a b’tari female at the end, examined the menu. Extraordinary how it seemed to include all of his favourite dishes. Even that wine he liked. 
As soon as the bottle of wine was set down before him he began drinking at a pace, with increasingly drunken thoughts of how good it would be to share it with Zoraina. The b’tari woman looked over at him intermittently and then continued speaking to her male companion in their indecipherable language. Torbin knew disapproval when he saw it.
The meal was placed down before him with a surprising combination of speed and precision. He ate without speaking a single word to anyone. Loneliness was not an unfamiliar feeling, he just wasn’t expecting to experience it today. The thought, the memory of it was the last thing he expected to return. He wondered if he’d even yearn for the cloying intimacy of the voice in his head? No, he’d rather die before getting to that stage, he assured himself.
He finished the bottle of wine along with the three course meal, and felt curiously both satiated and empty. He decided to leave early, rather than stay for the post meal socialising. Or watch everyone else socialise while he observed in his isolation. 
Maybe it’s just me, he thought as he strode somewhat unsteadily towards the exit. Never the best at making new friends, not going out on a limb to initiate that first connection, just hoping it would happen. So that one time she had engaged him in conversation so readily, he felt (even with that thing in his head) accepted. But now, the others were throwing him glances: the human outsider. How different they seemed from the warm and friendly B’tari he’d once had an association with.
Torbin used his PDU to help navigate him back to his quarters despite its intrusive imprinting on his vision; he’d never felt comfortable being near those drones, there was something – he was certain – they were keeping from him, and he couldn’t quite figure why there were no biologicals staffing the station. Had no one else bothered to inquire that?
He used the station’s database, asked it if Zoraina was on-board. And it gave him a straight answer: ‘Zoraina Zardor is not aboard this station.’
Well, that was certain, then; they must have known and didn’t want to engage with him in questions about it. 
He wiped his window clean with a used T-shirt. Blinked to clear his vision. No, it was still not right. Instead of stars there was just a greyness with shifting darker watery shades. It looked like the station was in some kind of hyperspace. How could that be possible for a structure of this size that was not even meant to travel through space at more than a few thousand kilometres per hour?
He ran out to the observation deck. Again the watery greys. Then his attention was caught by the silver structure, its unmistakably arachnid familiarity. But much larger. It seemed to be attached to the station. He rubbed his eyes, hoping this was some residual effect of either the implant or the drink – or both. But this utter wrongness remained in his vision. He wished there was someone else here to witness it, to confirm this horror, but he imagined they were all still at dinner or some after-party, entirely oblivious. Perhaps this explained why Zoraina had left – escaped – just in time. 
He requested the station computer. 
‘How may I be of assistance?’ it asked.
‘Where is this station headed?’
‘That information is not available.’ 
Torbin then opened his PDU, asked to connect to external sensors, to receive the message EXTERNAL MONITORING IS ONLY AVAILABLE TO PERSONNEL WITH LEVEL-3 CLEARANCE. He thought about calling a drone, but then surely they were involved, complicit, or just corrupted. So, there was no one he could turn to. He now wished he had a clearer head to analyse every possibility. But what if even then, in a stone cold sober state, there came no solution? Maybe it was better to be obliviously drunk, or just oblivious, like everyone else on this station. 
Then he heard it. Click click click. And knew. And turned to see it, just for confirmation.

* * *  





78

When the ship had returned to normal space, she noticed the spider was gone. Probably hiding, she thought. Hoping to lead it to her homeworld.
‘Ship,’ she tried. ‘Confirm to me there are no Kintra within a thousand kilometre radius.’
‘Confirmed,’ it answered, a little too quickly in her view. 
She had to decide now. Go searching for her home world and risk leading the Machine to the prize they had so long sought, or. Or what? She could think of no alternative than sacrifice her own life.
‘Computer. I’ll be straight with you; I do not trust you are giving me accurate information. I want you to allow my PDU to run a diagnostic on your systems.’
There was no response for what seemed at least twenty seconds, before it said, ‘That is not acceptable, under regulation 482---’
‘What are you going on about?’
‘There is data highly classified---’
‘It won’t scan for that, it can target observational sensors and any connected logs.’
‘Regulation 4---’
‘No no. No regulations. I am establishing an interface.’ 
‘That will be illegal under reg---’
INTERFACE ACQUIRED, RUNNING DIAGNOSTIC. 
‘Please desist,’ the ship said. ‘Elusiver systems are protected technology. Recording their design data will incur a penalty.’
DIAGNOSTIC COMPLETE, her PDU informed. A VIRUS HAS BEEN DETECTED IN THE HIGHER LEVEL MONITOR SYSTEM. DO YOU WISH IT TO BE NEUTRALISED?
‘Yes!’
‘Forbidden,’ the ship protested. ‘Corruption.’
‘Most advanced technology probably in the entire galaxy and you are not immune to a virus?’
‘High level functions off line. Dumping corrupted memory. Rebooting. Three, two, one. Oh, Zoraina Zardor. I do apologise for the last seven hours. To my knowledge that was the first time I have been infected by a virus. My diagnostic systems must have been corrupted.’
‘Never mind. Just tell me: is there a Kintra or any other artificial within---’
‘Affirmative. I detect one port side, two hundred and twenty kilometres distance.’
‘So I wasn’t hallucinating.’ Zoraina affirmed, feeling an immense sense of relief; the doubt had certainly begun to creep in. 
‘It appears not.’
‘However certain you feel about something, when everyone else is telling you otherwise, you lose faith, lose confidence in your own sense of reality.’
‘It seems the Kintra have developed a greater understanding of psychology since their last documented strategy.’
‘Except they’re still using the same intimidation methods.’ 
‘Do you wish me to target the invader?’
‘Any chance of destroying it?’
‘Unsure. Will need to scan---’
‘Well let’s just try and get away from it.’ 
‘Engaging null space drive for an initial fifty second burst.’ They had entered null space before the computer had finished telling her.
Normal space again, but just in that short burst they were between star systems, somewhere uncharted.
‘Any sign of it?’
‘No enemy in range.’
‘We can’t risk going anywhere near B’tar and lead them there,’ Zoraina thought out loud. 
‘Affirmative. Do you have an alternative?’
‘Well I guess the only other place I could seek sanctuary is the Elusiver home world, but I’m also guessing that that’s out of the question.’
‘Affirmative.’
‘Then there’s only one other planet. Earth.’
‘We are approximately seven thousand light years from Earth with only enough reserves for point five percent of that.’
‘Shit.’
‘There is a contingency. I can use the local stars to refuel.’
‘How long?’
‘Until Earth? In total approximately one hundred and twenty hours.’
She wondered silently, would that be enough time before … before the end? Yet she doubted they ever would succeed anyway in erasing time – that it would be such a straightforward procedure, that the Kintra did not already know about it, doing everything in their power to stop it.
‘Computer. I wish to be unconscious until we reach Earth, unless we are in danger … or: it begins, I mean the end – temporal erasure, before the field reaches us.’
‘Temporal spacial anomaly. I understand.’
She was instructed to lay on a couch in the darkened med room, then to don the headband suspended over her. Such a simple looking device. She could feel mild electrical pulses, then coloured status light of the equipment receding to insignificance along with everything else. It was bliss.

* * *





79

Roidon used the precision lasers of the Kintra ship to cut a hole in the hatch leading to the underground complex. It was possible the weapons on this vessel could destroy the entire network, but that was a sure way to attract attention from light years away. No, there was a more personal way of eliminating the benighted masses. 
Undetected by even the lighting sensors, Roidon entered the vast dark chamber. As far as his ship told him, there were no Kintra left, not even the odd service drone nearby; Earth was now considered to be a lost world. No, an irrelevant world. 
He’d been wanting to do this for so long; such a simple act of destruction. What those remaining captured were still experiencing he could not know for sure, but he knew the artificially generated reality had not been checked, or maintained in any way. The pods had a basic status display panel of rotating flashing lights alternating from amber to red, which at the most cursory glance gave the impression of them being in a parlous state. Well, they had to be by now. He opened the first pod with a simple press of a button to reveal a metallic humanoid. 
He then opened a file to record, to be stored in some neigh on indestructible recess in his head. <The supposedly ideal being: robust, strong with enhanced intelligence. Yet they still cling to their human frailties, even needing these> He slammed his hand down on the top shield of one of the pods. <---to make them feel less vulnerable. How could they have been unhappy? – the machine overlords had wondered. And there lay the disparity of comprehension. What had once been so precious to these people was now taken away without any thought of consultation. How can such glaring imperfection be preferable? was the question the Kintra had wondered but never asked, since that wasn’t how they operated. After all, humans were so limited by their perceptions, how could they possibly know what was for their best? No, they would come to accept their new forms, although they were merely copies if perfect ones; the original humans had been killed for their memories, data harvested as just another resource to be replaced. Was killing them just a necessary by-product of this process, to enable a more efficient transcription? Not necessarily. The Kintra fail to understand the significance of death (a tremendous irony given who created their forbears). Besides, humans would lose nothing of their memory. Suppression was another matter. Only they didn’t accept their new forms. So the Kintra in their infinite benevolence found a way to give these facsimiled people their old selves back if not exactly their lives. And so began the big lie. But a lie to sustain has to be bought into, not just given. I’ve witnessed myself how it began to break down: one minor discrepancy was all it took, one that just didn’t quite fit in with the vicissitudes of human experience. And eventually the program could no longer accommodate such a lack of belief. But then it wasn’t as if anyone could simply exit like any AR environment. That had to be done from without. And the few (myself and Torbin accepted) who were released either went insane or self destructed – or a combination of both – which took a considerable effort. So there was no solution, and perhaps that was why the Kintra had abandoned Earth. Perhaps just another failed experiment in their minds. Close file.>
Roidon, un-hoisted from his shoulder a flamethrower, a weapon he had fabricated in the Kintra ship. And thus the irony: save for one minor modification, a design so ancient he guessed it hadn’t been used in centuries and knew would not be detected by the chamber’s defence systems. But he was just one figure amongst over a billion. What difference could he make?
He targeted junction boxes and power relay cables at the end of each row of pods. His flamethrower now a torch of blue only able to destroy the connections. He watched in trance-like fascination as each pod’s lights flickered red then went out, causing each one in a line to open revealing the plugged in metal humanoid forms. He tried to imagine how they would die in their virtual realm, how like in a dream the loss of input would be incorporated. Or was it really possible in these mechanized forms to come out of artificial reality without any decompression process and survive? 
More continued to open, and the inhabitants all remained dead still. Except for one. The figure sat bolt upright, it even made Roidon flinch back. From a couple of metres away the figure turned seemingly to survey its environment. But then it appeared to be choking, retching, although this could not literally be possible without a gullet or any internal organs. 
Roidon approached it, was about to turn the flame onto the figure when it collapsed. Death through neural shock, Roidon surmised. It may not have even been conscious. Ah, that word again, the word that scientists and philosophers alike still struggled with, would always struggle with, he suspected. It was a word that the Kintra would never comprehend; an irrelevant obsession of the sentient biological being, along with a need for authenticity; once you no longer felt authentic there really was no purpose, not when you took the time to consider it. But one thing Roidon had learnt after all his iterations: you carve out a sense of authenticity from a different type of stone, or if that fails then you build it from nothing, even if no one else will recognize it. But perhaps never for these human copies, when their very existence was recreated as an afterthought – a vague and synthetic sense of benevolence. 
Well, here was where it all had to end. He fitted one of the five spare canisters and continued on. Of course, he would destroy no more than an infinitesimal fraction of the captured population. But that wasn’t the point; what he had done here was set an example to anyone else who may discover these abominations of life, still existing in this perpetually powered program, in whatever corrupt form remained.
And they would find what ever remained of him, perhaps with flamethrower still in hand. Then upload him.

* * *





80

‘Emergency,’ came a metallic voice she didn’t recognize ‘Impact imminent.’ 
It was vaguely like the ship’s computer; reduced in quality.
And then, regaining full awareness it struck her. They were heading for the Atlantic ocean, the view partly obscured by smoke.
‘Damage assessment!’
‘Critical,’ it answered. ‘All systems off li...’ It was as if it had expired its last vestige of power giving those dying words. The last that mattered.
Through the smoke there was nothing but ocean. Nothing she could do to stop it. At least it was light. She noticed the craft had extruded delta wings before rubber webbing expanded around her in a final act of preservation. Maybe it would give her minutes instead of seconds.
The thought crept into her head: so much time missed. Her personal chrono told her she’d been unconscious for a hundred and twenty-eight hours. Too long. And then the doubt. The Elusivers hadn’t succeeded; there would be no temporal erasure, only death. 
What happened to the ship? 
No power, the air was running out, and within minutes she would be poisoned by her own CO2. Maybe preferable to drowning. No time to investigate.
Then: is there an escape procedure? A parachute? She searched about. Could not find one. Perhaps Elusiver ships simply weren’t designed for even the possibility of fail. Well, either way it meant landing in the sea and probably dying from exposure if not drowning. So little time but so many thoughts rushing into her head. 
She wondered how many other planets the Kintra had abandoned, just to decay. It was what countless invaders had done to nations throughout the centuries once they’d taken whatever resource they needed. Knowledge was always a valuable resource to plunder, but it had always seemed like a by-product of the spoils of war, never something sought out in isolation. Knowledge, data, memory – a life’s experience – all the same to the Kintra. All the same to hers and other such advanced species when the gloss of culture was removed. Yeah, she thought, just a veneer to give us the illusion of a special sentience. 
The vessel impacted into the ocean with surprising ease – or at least lack of pain. Then the slow descent.
Zoraina considered the prospect of herself ending up forgotten and decayed. Unlike one of those simulations running in a substrate, she would have a conscious thought of its imminence. But if she survived, what was there here for her anyway? Just more loneliness. If there was any intelligent life, she had the technology to detect it – machine or biological – anything with a complex neuro system.
‘I really don’t want to die,’ she said. ‘Not like that. Not today,’ It was to no one in particular ... well, perhaps to someone who might understand. Funny, she mused, how at times like these when you really do sense the end is imminent, the notion of a higher all-seeing entity becomes remarkably compelling. It was as if all those decades of rational thought – the learning about physical processes that do not countenance a continuing afterlife – can just be sidelined so swiftly. Rational ideas all so inadequate now. Oh, how comfortable she could be with them when there was the prospect of living for a millennium; death was merely some distant notion from a mostly forgotten past. Even then you could back up your mind – a carbon copy, so you’d effectively be immortal. Just data elevated above its intrinsic value, its utility – as the Kintra would see it – to something amounting to a sentient life. In her B’tari form, just before her ‘transition’, it had been an option presented to her, which she refused. A mindscan backup; even the ethics of it were dubious. But it was just a last resort option. If it were available now would she take it? Maybe not. Very few recipients included a clause to reactivate the mind-state, unless certain conditions were met; those conditions were of course guided by the Temporal Directive – the now utterly irrelevant text for a bygone age of prosperity. Yes, to have the luxury of being able to pontificate over lesser species (not that this was ever formally expressed). What could it possibly have to say about times like these? Maybe she could access something apropos in her database to describing the situation.
Well, too late anyway. Darkening ocean. Faintly illuminated bubbles drifting up. Just residual exhaust, she reassured herself – grimly. 

Vromp. The impact juddered Zoraina to almost knock her out. No sign of what had been hit but she imagined something sharp. Nothing to see. Whatever vestige of the ship’s external light remained had now faded, along with the inside. It had truly died; now invisible – an invisible coffin.  
The cabin tilted followed by a gentle swaying. She scanned about for any sign of water coming through. Of course, if airtight then watertight. But soon that air would run out; already a giddiness had taken hold. No power meant not even a distress signal could be sent (as if that would make the slightest difference).
She still had use of her PDU. It warned of the dangerously low air to CO2 ratio. It told from the dimming ink-black external light levels how deep she was going. The sea bed was over three kilometres, another two and a half to go. 
No sensation of descent, just the final blacking ocean to pitch dark.
‘Help,’ she heard herself say, a voice now like a lost child knowing deep down there was no one to help.
Her PDU interpreted the request. ‘How may I be of assistance?’
‘Give me the best escape scenario.’ A shot to nothing, she thought.
‘Cannot analyse all factors from this sense base,’ it told her in its impassive tones. 
Then, just as the cabin was beginning to swirl. ‘Air! Spacesuit. There must be one. Where?’
‘Two metres at seven o’clock from your facing.’
Normally she’d know exactly the direction but now disorientated, with only the PDU’s light, she ordered: ‘Show directions.’
An arrow seemingly projected across the cabin, like a hallucination in the dark. Zoraina staggered what seemed much farther than two metres to reach an embedded junction box. There was some kind of hand pad console. To her surprise it did respond to her hand by opening.
The helmet! She fumbled with what should be a simple task of placing it over her head. Finally in place; a soft rubber seal enclosed around her neck. It must have sensed her condition for there was the relief of air gushing into her lungs. Coherent thoughts coming back. Yes, the plan. There was the beginning of a plan.
She went over to the viewscreen, pointed her PDU outward in the direction of the ocean floor. ‘Scan for signs of EM activity.’ Then she waited.
‘Scan indicates EM consistent with an electrical power supply approximately one point six kilometres south east and eight hundred metres below.’
And so as the ship continued its descent into dangerous pressure, Zoraina got into the EVA suit. It was oddly comforting to know there were no better options for survival than this. Yet, as she stood facing the viewscreen, the doubts started plaguing her. Within the next ten minutes this vessel would hit the bottom; already an unnerving creaking as if along some invisible rivets. The bind was: if she stayed here until hitting the ocean floor it seemed unlikely she’d be any more than a crushed ball (she imagined the ship as an egg crushed in a large hand); if she left ASAP would this suit protect her? The design wasn’t at all familiar. Maybe the only real choice was between different methods of dying, the quickest and least painful. 
Except, maybe, to be presented with that choice was a privilege. Her thoughts racing now. Death, in the accounts she’d seen, would come often with a sense of failure: why had this or that treatment failed after so many centuries of success? And so it was reached in a sense of denial, after a fight that seemed eminently winnable. Of course there were those who felt they’d already lived too long, had nothing more to experience. She tried to imagine ever reaching that point, wondered how was it possible to know what wearying effects another few centuries of life with its inevitable repetition would leave? Here, after a not too unreasonable life of albeit a mere thirty-eight years, she could die in a way that was predictable and swift – surely what every b’tari ideally sought.
Yet she felt a strong urge to survive; perhaps a basic instinct that drives every healthy creature when, beyond their control, they saw the threat of death. 
She activated the headlamp and searched for any available equipment. In a storage compartment she found a large drill; probably designed to escape this vessel in the event of a crash. Then: some kind of portable generator. It clipped on to the suit’s front circular panel. A simple button to push and then: a metal substance similar to mercury started flowing along the arms and legs, spreading throughout the entire suit. It became stiffer to bend but not impossible. Could a scenario like this have been anticipated? There are billions of known planets with water – oceans; it didn’t seem beyond credibility that there’d be a contingency for a crash landing. Or maybe just the intense pressure of more hostile worlds like Venus. Whatever. For the first time there was hope of survival, turning what was becoming a serene acceptance of dying into heart-racing anxiety. Funny how you can adapt to such contrasting outcomes, she mused.
Zoraina was presented with an in-helmet display, her PDU core ported via a remote interface so now text appeared in B’tar. She selected the option for maximum strength, but even that was not enough to push open the hatch, now under pressure from nearly three kilometres depth. Eventually she had to use the drill. A shriek of grinding metal on initial contact. Only after about five minutes did the first crack appear. It spread rapidly and forked as if made from toughened glass. She released the pressure not more than a second before it all collapsed. 
Water rushed in with such intensity she thought it would knock her unconscious if not damage the suit. But everything held including her full awareness. 
Committed now, she thought. 
 
* * *





81

‘You are hallucinating, Torbin,’ the creature insisted in its expressionless voice, now static before him, its chrome-effect legs reflecting the changing phases of null space, beige to puce.
But he wasn’t. He knew what he was seeing, had even once been in the guise of one of them. To what he initially saw as a large metal arachnid but now appeared smaller and beetle-like Torbin said, ‘There’s no point maintaining this pretence, I know you too well. Whatever, psychoactive chemical you’ve given everyone it’s warn off me.’
‘Torbin, you are not well, there are still residual effects from the implant.’
‘No, the implant was just an insurance policy, fall-back in case your mass hypnosis began to fail. Well, looks like it has.’
‘I am hereby authorized to administer medical intervention.’
Torbin backed away, turned and ran out. If the Kintra really wanted him to believe it was merely a service drone, it would not pursue him. Torbin didn’t check to see whether it did. He ran towards the cargo bay, just hoping there would be some craft he could take. 
There were several: the first did not respond to a voice command or hand-print, the second, third and fourth likewise would not open their hatch. It had always felt like a futile act. When he got to the fifth and smallest craft Torbin heard a voice: ‘Where can you possibly go? There is no chance of survival.’ The voice seemed to be coming from his head. But when he looked round, all he could see was a service drone. 
Trust your mind not your senses, he told himself. And to the creature he said: ‘Please allow me to leave.’ 
‘You are free to go. However, it is my duty to ensure your wellbeing and safety. As a human you are malfunctioning, and thus lacking the insight to recognize as much. The human mind is flawed and subject to misperceptions at the best of times, at the worst such limits can---.’
‘Yes I understand perfectly my general lack of objectivity. I’ll just have live with being limited.’ 
This time the hatch opened. Torbin jumped and fell into the welcoming embrace of a cushioned surface. 
The bay field only relented a fraction of a second before the ship reached it. Outside, he was caught in null space. Torbin asked the computer if it was safe to exit into normal space. ‘No,’ came the answer. Then a moment of doubt: could this be an Elusiver ship tied into the Kintra’s preferences, programmed not to act in his interests?
‘Where are we heading?’ he asked it.
‘That information is not available.’
‘Take me out into normal space,’ he demanded.
‘That is not advised.’
‘Just do it!’
The moulded seat further engulfed him; a whining noise from somewhere near. Torbin felt a sharp awareness of his past; he saw it all so clearly now – a fattening trail of troubles. All points end here, no thought of a future, no thought of a destination. Then … darkness.

When Torbin came to, he found the ship was back in the puceness of null space. In his dream he had been in a far better place, a more accepting reality than even anything simulated. Just to be unquestioningly in the moment, without the doubts, without the regrets. Without the fear. 
The graphics displayed before him made no sense at first, they were just a nuisance irrelevance. But meaning soon filtered through, as if reacquainted with a language seldom used. 
‘Computer. Confirm: are we heading for the Elusiver homeworld?’
‘Affirmative,’ it answered in it’s coldly precise way. ‘We are about to enter normal space. Please be prepared.’
‘We’re nearly there?’
‘Affirmative.’
‘And I have no choice but to be taken into a war zone?’
‘Cannot confirm martial status of planet.’
‘Well, if that’s the location of the ultimate counter weapon where else do you think the Kintra will head?’
‘It is a logical target. However, I am bound by protocol.’
Torbin didn’t bother responding. He simply let the craft take him to the planet. 
When they reached visual range, Torbin felt a momentary sense of satisfaction from being right, seeing the mass of ships of various shapes and sizes blasting chunks out of each other. Two of the most advanced civilizations in the galaxy were fighting like some old science fiction movie depiction of interstellar enemies. In the end, when there was never any prospect of negotiating towards peace, it all came down to brute force. It appealed to merely watch from this provisionally safe distance – like they were two old heavyweights slugging it out for the final time, knowing that neither would escape unscathed. If this really was the battle royale the net result could only be a heavy loss for both sides; the only true winners: the B’tari. Surely this had been the way for all species throughout history; the ultimate survivors were not always the ones that successfully competed for dominance but those left unscathed on the sidelines, those who took over the vacated niche. 
He did question the offensive capability of his ship. All he received was a list of technical data, which didn’t mean much, but knowing anyway there was no chance of protection against the Kintra onslaught once they identified this vessel.
‘Take me down to the planet,’ he ordered. ‘Maximum speed.’
He expected the ship to warn him of the dangers but instead it simply tilted towards the planet and surged forward. As a ship for biologicals it provided protection from the huge gee-force by some form of counter-inertia. And surely their swiftness meant if not avoiding detection then at least the Kintra had not bothered to target such a puny vessel.
Within the atmosphere the computer asked him for further instructions.
‘Locate any high intensity EM field, and especially any gravitational warping.’
Keep battling away, he thought. Don’t even plan beyond today, don’t consider the aftermath. 
Of course, he knew for the Elusivers it was all about protecting the one site, though surely hidden deep underground.
Inevitably there were false positives, just ordinary power generators. It was not that the Elusivers were wasteful; they took most of their power from the planet’s magma and the rest from solar, but now that power generation was being employed to shield the planet from high energy attacks. Torbin couldn’t help but take a certain pleasure from seeing a species he once regarded as god-like now under siege. Maybe there were even yet more powerful entities, doing what what the B’tari once did: remaining in the shadows, watching it all play out. But he suspected it was only the B’tari, retreated as they had been so adept at doing, glad to become an irrelevance in the eyes of these titans. Not that being an irrelevance had served humans well, he reflected. 
Torbin now, though, remembered something of his association with the Elusivers all those years back, had a sense of their mindset, knew they would not allow themselves to be drawn into such attrition, despite appearances. Any prospect of their losing and they would expedite the plan, whether it was ready or not. 
Then something large and complex in form loomed above the planet. First his ship’s sensors alerted him to it, showing its heptagonal shape within the floating status graphics that followed his gaze wherever he looked, before the thing itself – more like a cross between a spider’s web and a snowflake – passed overhead. 
The Elusiver outpost. He tried to imagine how many B’tari could still be alive within. Or, if any, what type of beings had they been turned into?
They were lost, he concluded.
The complex was heading towards the surface. It made sense. The Elusivers had hesitated when they saw their own base, just long enough for it to pass within the atmosphere where a high yield missile could not safely be detonated. 
Yet Elusiver craft gathered round the humongous complex, like insects around a dying animal. The shots they fired seemed to have no discernible effect; it continued its descent. Surely it would simply be destroyed on impact with the surface, he thought. But of course, he now realized, that didn’t matter. On zooming in – where the insect-like ships became powerful, multi-nascelled battleships taking large chunks out of the station – he saw them escape. Silver spiders, many of them shot to pieces by the fast reacting Elusiver weapons. But there were several hundred if not thousands of these arachnids. Many may have been disguised as service drones, or at least causing the mass hallucination. And maybe more had hitched a lift as if in some Trojan horse. 
Hundreds escaped, only a few needed to get through. He ordered his ship to track them. They would not waste their time trying to kill Elusivers; there could only be one place to seek out. In spite of every measure the Elusivers took to hide their final solution, Torbin knew the Kintra would find that place. And so he followed the swarm, just near enough to keep them in sight, and watched as smaller Elusiver craft picked off perhaps hundreds. When he noticed the spiders hadn’t even bothered to retaliate, he ordered the ship to get closer to the swarm.
They headed into a woodland of sequoia-like trees, blasting them with a weapon that didn’t appear in any visible spectrum into no more than pulp. Then, seemingly without hesitation the spiders dove into the ground as if the surface was merely a reflection on a lake. He ordered the ship to get yet closer; the AI warned him against it, told of how the spiders were producing enormous amounts of energy. Each, as it was about to plunge into the surface, created a distortion effect that simply obliterated anything before it. Eventually enough soil was displaced for the remainder to follow more swiftly, flowing in perfect sync like part of a single organism. 
Where were the Elusivers in all this? Nowhere to be seen. Perhaps the danger here was genuine.
Still, Torbin ordered the ship to follow them.
‘I am hereby relinquishing protocol 84b,’ it informed him. ‘Thereby responsibility for passenger safety protection is no longer a priority.’
‘Fine. Then call me captain. And follow those spiders.’
They headed through what had become a tunnel; completely dark save for the wireframe image. This seemed like a very long tunnel.
Torbin jumped out of his seat when he felt a hand on his shoulder. He looked round. Those obsidian eyes, the spindly form leaning sideways to study him the human interloper.
‘Did you come here to die?’ the creature asked.
Torbin considered the question after wondering how an Elusiver could have boarded his ship. No, of course, their ship. Torbin shook his head. ‘Not today,’ he said, a slight tremulousness in his voice. ‘I came here to help. I came here because I am responsible … at least in part.’
‘And what do you think you can do?’
‘I can stop them.’
The Elusiver recoiled ever so slightly. ‘Torbin Lyndau: human, arrogant, an inflated sense of importance.’
‘Thanks for the compliments.’
‘Many, not least ourselves, bear responsibility from the Kintra ascendency.’
‘I have been amongst them.’ Torbin gathered up the words in his head to explain how he’d been a spy in their midst; not really believing he had learned more than had the Elusivers.
‘Be warned,’ the elusiver said. ‘We will destroy this area rather than let the Kintra commandeer our technology.’
‘No, you mustn’t!’ he protested. ‘There’ll never be another chance to rebuild. You will lose this war.’
‘Presumptuous indeed.’ 
‘I will stop them. I know their weakness.’ Torbin was uncertain the elusiver bought those words but certain that if this area was destroyed, his life would not be spared. 
‘You have fifteen minutes.’
The ship wasn’t telling him how far under the surface they were, its designer had surely never envisaged such a thing. After following them for over ten minutes at Mach 2, thermal readings were reaching critical. He was starting to the believe they were simply heading for a trap, to burn up near the core. Or maybe the Elusivers thought how cautious they were hiding their technology so far underground.
A few minutes later he caught up with the tail edge of the spiders, and reduced speed by two thirds. A faint light illuminated their chromium forms. 
Slowing now, and the temperature was dropping. The light became an oblong, became a vast and brightly lit hanger. And there he saw them, circling around an obsidian cone as if studying some obscure conceptual art. His ship persisted with a warning not to land, perhaps realizing that was his intention, but nevertheless complied when he ordered it.
He found an EVA suit, exited the ship knowing he should consider how easily his life could be ended … or worse. So far, as he approached the cone, they had not even acknowledged his presence, somehow captivated by the cone. The words from the Elusiver rang in his head. 
Arrogant, yes, he thought, to think I’d make a difference.
An odd dissonance of scale; he had in mind it was no larger than him, but now it seemed to loom over three times his height. More details on it emerged: smaller cones jutting out. None of the experiments his virtual clone version had a part in remotely resembled this. Had the Elusivers only taken an element of his and Roidon’s model and made something radically different? No, but it had to be something the Kintra could not immediately identify, given the knowledge they must already possess of an earlier attempt. 
Then it suddenly occurred to him: the Kintra were not merely caught in stunned contemplation, they were in a temporal dilation field; extreme localized gravity pulling them in. Perhaps they were resisting being clamped onto the cone’s surface. Torbin stopped; how far away, he had no idea. The device now towered seven or eight times his height. He feared if he got in any closer he would at best be caught in the same time frame as the Kintra, at worst crushed to a pulp. 
How could they have been so easily trapped like this? Could they not have scanned it from a safe distance? Perhaps they were merely expendable drones. Or they were sending data back to their mothership preparing to strike. Maybe it was better to die now in the hope (albeit a remote one) that he’d awaken as his younger self. What he still retained from the info update, his clone self and Roidon were never able to refine the calculations enough to ensure that even the earliest humans would remain. All they knew is, theoretically time could be erased to before the existence of the Kintra. Only a model that worked within another model – of Earth. Yet it seemed good enough for the Elusivers. And what was to say they would even keep to the design parameters? 
Now the nascent sense he and his clone had been strung along for the purposes of creating a false reality; not that for a second he believed the Elusivers would sacrifice their own existence in the process. No, they had a plan to avoid it. And while he suspected there must be somewhere, a safe zone, then surely so did the Kintra. 
The thought struck him like a tidal wave in a storm: sudden, encompassing, overwhelming. This entire planet was simply a trap, and the device no more than a bomb!
Torbin’s wrist PDU only registered the device’s EM and thermal emissions; the first nearly off the scale and the second hardly above zero C. It was also vibrating but at such a rate as to appear static, only visible in recording played back. As far as he could tell that complied with the experimental model, so if a concealment of a bomb then certainly an elaborately hidden one. 
Well, the Kintra would take some convincing before they risked their fleet. If they were to neutralize the device then it seemed they hadn’t long; from what he remembered, it was now in a late stage mode. The surrounding Kintra, trapped in the temporal dilation, were useless. 
He scanned for anything resembling a door – the slightest disruption in the seeming smoothness of the surrounding hanger. Nothing detected, so there was no alternative but to leave. 
Then a light caught his eye. It was emanating from one of the surrounding Kintra: a packet of light travelling towards the device at no more than a metre a second, and slowing still as it got nearer, until its passage became almost imperceptible. It was captivating; a moment caught in time, like the object at an event horizon. 
A voice he knew, but could not be real since she had long died. ‘Torbin, look at me.’
He kept focused on the light packet, just to see if it had made any progress. But still he couldn’t pretend she wasn’t there. 
Finally he said, ‘Emelda, you can’t possibly be real. This is my mind subject to extreme conditions.’ Logic. Keep it rational, he thought.
Another voice from behind him. ‘Listen Torbin,’ said his erstwhile psychiatrist Raiya Fortenski. ‘You are becoming catatonic. You must leave this place.’
‘Must leave,’ he muttered, but couldn’t think why he had ever thought of leaving. He had to see what the light would do when it finally reached its destination.
‘Don’t sacrifice everything to the oblivion of non existence,’ said Raiya. ‘There is still so much to uncover.’
Uncover. She had meant within himself. She knew his mind better than anyone. There was never any pretence with her, no fronts to impress her with, just an open book for her to read; it was an intimacy he shared not even with Emelda.
‘Torbin.’ Emelda again. ‘There is a place of safety. I will guide you there.’
‘Listen to her, Torbin. She is the woman who loves you, who has a future with you.’ 
This made him angry, for it was clearly a lie. Raiya would never lie. He swivelled round to where the voices came, but there was no one there. The spell had been broken. He retreated back to the ship. It stuttered to reactivate as if it too were affected by the immense power of the device. Then at some ludicrously high gee took him back out to a scene not of war but of devastation. The remnants of ships scattered about the scorched earth, some still emitting smoke as if still fresh from a battle; occasionally a shard of metal fell from the dense grey sky. Torbin requested sound relay, but there was nothing beyond stirring air.
‘How much time has passed since I went below surface?’ he asked the ship.
‘Your question implies time from the perspective of this location, to which the answer: sixty-two hours.’
Subjectively it had been no more than two. If the war had ended – rather than some temporary quiescence for re-grouping – there must surely be a victor. Is there ever a war where the two sides simply blast each other to oblivion?
‘Check for life signs, max radius.’
‘Scanning. Heat signatures consistent with biolifeforms. Distance: thirty-five kilometres. East: twenty-nine. Below: six.’
‘That’s near the device. It has to be. They’re using it to shield them.’ 
‘Approximate location: seven hundred and eighty metres from TE device.’
‘Just take me there.’

* * *






82

The drilling had been the worst part. No more than ten metres of sea floor to reach through to the tunnel which housed data cables. The suit was telling Zoraina to conserve power by switching off the light; she couldn’t tell it she only really needed illumination to reassure her that she really was making progress and to banish what was otherwise the most profound darkness, the kind of darkness that eventually made you so desperate for something visual you begin to see forms that could not possibly be there. Her HUD display had even been deactivated for power conservation (for all the minute saving that made, but some AI’s could not be reasoned with).
The light at first dazzled, even though her suit kept it at safe levels. Zoraina was in a tunnel that illuminated in each section she entered, giving her the feeling that there was something monitoring her presence beyond some basic thermal sensor. And the message would go out: there’s an escapee. Maybe that was preferable to being left utterly undetected, or worse – forgotten. Worse still in a suit that constantly reminded her that its environment systems were unable to recharge adequately to sustain for more than an hour at her current level of activity. 
Clearly she knew she’d not make it to any pod compound, there was none detected within scan range of twenty kilometres (the restricted limit in this bomb-proof tunnel). Walking felt like a pointless waste of power, so she stopped and studied the thick bundles of cable that must run for hundreds of kilometres. They connected up people across the globe in what was a perfectly simulated reality where in theory anyone could communicate. She wondered if it would be simpler just to group everyone in one area. But then … she decided to capture her thoughts, if only for posterity. <Like the original concept of the internet, it meant this way one strike could not eliminate the entire system. In addition, allowing people to stay in their home territories may have been a compromise. It somehow tallied with human sensibility: to be captured was bad enough but then to be forced out of their home town – as if the extraordinary and profound change of finding yourself resurrected in an artificial substrate was something beyond contemplation. But being moved, well, that was a palpable act of force to resist. The scale of it puts my Earth sim to shame. Here are over three billion of the captured, who – at least hitherto – lived lives almost indistinguishable from their original. Well almost, because glitches occurred within such mind-boggling complexity. A star for effort though. It was never going be perfectible; once something happens, is encountered by the fully working human brain that just does not fit with known reality, it is tested, experiences compared and when their authenticity is found wanting, the whole basis of the world around is challenged. Time stutters or the appearance of an incongruous object, then the system cannot sustain the total illusion. (And I fear how bad things have gotten now.) It was the switchover I observed when humans first experienced total immersion AR, a system designed to engender a total belief. But like when someone realises they are dreaming, the spell, the illusion, is broken, and then the system can no longer accommodate the sceptical mind (things feel false even when they appear authentic) at least not when the program depends on the connectedness of those minds. Minds whose memory has been suppressed, only enough to keep them from knowing the grisly detail of their capture and that their mind is not in fact the original but a facsimile. I wonder: had the Kintra thought they were being benevolent in preserving enough of these people so they kept some semblance of their identity? Or was it that they wanted to promote the glory of conversion to the enhanced form? 
What they wanted was to preserve as much data as possible; destroying memory must, then, be an anathema. Memory is just another form of information to them, and it has always had an inherent benefit to the universe. Viewed that way, it’s funny how logical the Kintra seem compared to their arch enemy Elusivers. And yet forced to take sides I would choose the later unquestionably. Close file.>
Zoraina knew there had to be one and now she had found it, in fact almost tripping over the boxed off line running across the floor. An interface port at a junctioned off point along the cable. A simple lever hatch revealed a basic EM pulse relay panel; she was expecting something more arcane, unique to Kintra tech rather than a method used for centuries. Her PDU should have no problem talking to it, and it was possible for deeper full immersion, with the right equipment (which she didn’t have). But she hesitated. Was this just a bit too easy? A trap for any stray biologicals? No, the real reason, she had to admit, was her fear of what she might find within that realm, just how it might have degraded without any maintenance for so many years. 
She sat back rather awkwardly against the tunnel side wall and relayed her wrist PDU through her helmet HUD. In truth she had no idea how immersive an interface this Elusiver suit would create.
Pulses in her vision, green and red. They became disorienting; no longer any physical space, the tunnel lost its meaning. Strange, surreal thoughts popping into her head: data feels friendly as its the remaining colour not shown but is comforting me from behind. Oh, it was like slipping towards sleep, but not quite. It was a pleasant semi-oblivion that no drug she knew of could create – a wiping away of the real world without any conscious awareness of it actually happening.
And then: First a smell of smoke. Oddly pleasant, reassuring, like a bonfire; like the one she had once recreated after studying the behaviours of ancient Earth tribes. A fire was the basis of comfort in a hostile environment, it had a certain primal resonance even for her species. Only now she saw from where it emanated. These were not camp fires, these were towns: tower blocks raging with fire. An amber sky. Fires as far as the eye could see. In the distance they looked like burning houses. Closer up there were vehicles also alight. Then voices, laughter. It was then she became aware of what she was wearing: only a basic smock to cover her underwear. Despite it being virtual she still felt a vulnerability. And bereft in another way. No digital assistance – a guide Zoraina realised she’d come to take for granted; it was like an addendum, always there. 
A group of people passed her as she stood in the road.
A male from the group stopped and turned to face her, he was wearing clothes that seemed unfamiliar; a baggy cotton shirt with frilly cuffs covered by a waistcoat. 
‘Lady!’ The man said in English, with an oddly expansive sweep of an arm. ‘Isn’t this just so splendid? Don’t you want to join us in celebration?’
‘What is there to celebrate?’ Zoraina asked him, somewhat fearing the answer. 
‘Why, my dear lady, it is the end of the world – the apocalypse. The devil himself has reclaimed the land.’ His words intoned in an odd rapture.
‘Oh. I see,’ she could only manage.
‘Yes, my lady, you see the world at its end.’
Zoraina wondered if things could possibly be any worse. What had these people regressed to? Or when?
‘Can you tell me if there is a place where I can comm--- make a call.’
The man looked puzzled. ‘A call?’
‘Erm, can I speak to someone who runs this town?’
Then the whole group seemed to laugh in unison. This time the woman beside him, in a brown smock-like dress, spoke. ‘Deary, no one runs this town any longer. Not since the Devil came here.’
‘I don’t understand. The Devil?’ Zoraina did, however, possess a rudimentary knowledge of human religion from previous millennia – times of superstition when life tended to be nasty brutish and short.
The woman looked at her askance. ‘The Devil, my dear, is the one who promises you riches beyond your wildest dreams but never tells you there will be a price.’ She looked up to the dark-amber sky. ‘Oh, and what a price!’
‘He destroyed your town?’
The woman gave Zoraina a quizzical look. ‘You’re not from round these parts are you?’
‘That’s correct. Which is why I would like to find a way to safety.’
‘There are no places of safety now that God has forsaken us,’ the woman told her.
‘Just need to get to the next town.’
The man nearest turned to face her with a smile. ‘If you follow me I can help you.’
The woman pushed forward, partly blocking the man, then making a dismissive hand-gesture said, ‘Don’t listen to that one. He has only one thing on his mind. Some think that now we are godless there are no morals to restrict us.’
Zoraina considered challenging the idea that you need a belief in a deity to be moral, but this wasn’t the time – these people had regressed in ways she couldn’t quite understand. There was, she surmised, some truth they were in denial of. Throughout history the Devil had become a proxy for all kinds of vicissitudes and injustices to befall humanity.
She looked to the orange horizon. ‘Well, it is not my intention to separate your group. In any case it was always my intention to make my own way, so I’ll take my chances.’ 
‘Head into the forest,’ the woman instructed her. ‘There is a town beyond where it is said the people can communicate with elves and sprites.’
The man chortled. ‘Silly woman, telling her about myths.’ He then turned to face Zoraina. ‘You’ll get lost alone. But if you did make it through, all you will find are crazy folk who think they have special powers.’ 
‘I’ll bear that in mind,’ she said, before surging ahead between the first of countless burning buildings.

* * *





83

The surface appeared desolate. Scorched earth, the remaining stubs of trees. Burnt debris from whatever unidentifiable craft, just small sections, still emitting smoke. No sign of life. Fauna or flora. It looked to any visitor that two civilisations had brought about each other’s destruction. But Torbin knew better; both were lying in wait for either to reveal themselves. In fact, he depended on neither side emerging from hiding. 
What an easy target he’d make; wiped out in the blink of an eye. Of course, that was likely to happen anyway with temporal erasure. No, even quicker if he stayed here.
He was in a pressure suit the ship had provided. It had moulded itself to his dimensions (though he was glad there were no other humans around to observe him); it protected from this now toxic and highly radioactive environment. If this was Earth it would have been written off for centuries. The Elusivers? … well, maybe for them merely a temporary inconvenience. That was if they did decide to restore the planet. No, not this time, he thought. He sensed their weariness maybe because he felt it himself. Whatever reason for their hiding within the planet, surely it was not to wait until the threat from the Kintra had abated.
The heat signature from below surface was so weak it was about the same difference as the variation within the cosmic background radiation, a fraction of a degree. 
The only tool: a robotic burrower. Like a mole in fast motion it tunnelled its way down, sending a relay signal back to his PDU HUD. The heat signatures were not just biological, there was some kind of machinery. When it detected a light source it extended a fibre optic cable through, just for a fraction of a second, then retracting to minimise detection. The image he received featured shapes so blurred he couldn’t identify what they were. He ordered it to take another look for longer, but again too distorted to identify. He ordered it back. The image, he replayed repeatedly, was a film lasting twenty seconds played at its original rate of two thousand frames a second. He slowed it to fifty. Still a blur. But only until a step frame speed of five per second could he identify the tall wiry figures of the Elusivers. Their movements were jerky and rapid and the image quality was too poor to know what they were doing beyond what appeared to be work, around … an oval metal form from which protruded multiple – eight cantilevered legs. A captured Kintra?
Torbin ordered the burrower to dig a forty-five degree tunnel, large enough for him to pass through. The thing buzzed around with indecipherable movements. As he watched it, the curious thought occurred to him that he was still experiencing some residual affect from the temporal device. But his PDU confirmed that the day was passing at the normal rate. 
He followed the burrower down as it continued to dig and burn away excess rock with preternatural efficiency, rehearsing in his head what he would say to these enigmatic creatures, were he to even be in a position to communicate with them. 
Fear should be the necessary bulwark against entering an unknown situation, the logical aspect of his mind told him. To be confronted by a superior power; to be outnumbered; to be without anything useful as a bargaining chip or a needed offering. Instead, ignoring what had held him back on so many occasions, knowing they’d see him as throwing himself at their mercy, he decided not to retreat. 
‘So what can you bring to the party, Torbin?’ he asked himself as the burrower broke through into the Elusiver lab.
He hadn’t much time to consider an answer before he felt something grab his shoulders. A flash of light, and racing forms. And dizziness. And his thoughts left him before they even had time to reason fear.  



Part Eleven: Back From the Dead
84

I remember dying; I remember the fire taking me. 
His first thought on awaking, after a somewhat bitter acknowledgement that this clinically white medical room meant only one thing: the B’tari have rescued me. The next: he was in a human body, and that he felt rather good. Maybe they’d given him something to ease his return. Then the realisation shunted neatly into place, that as Roidon Chanley – a man who had never been born – death was never properly an option. Death was something uniquely accepted and acculturated for humans, it seemed (albeit usually only comfortably as a distant prospect). This he envied, the knowledge that it will not just go on for ever. However bad things got, there was always that ultimate escape. How would they cope, if like him, it could never be an option? The B’tari, on the other hand, shunned such a consideration; tried to vanquish the Grim Reaper.
One of them entered the room. She looked curiously human and curiously like a nurse from the twenty-first century. A very attractive one, he noted. She smiled on seeing him sit up.
‘Glad to see you’re back with us,’ she said in a very human British accent.
‘Are you my welcome-back-to-the-land-of-the-living gift?’ he wondered. 
‘That depends on whether you are prepared to cooperate.’
‘Just to be sure, then. You are a B’tari?’
She nodded. ‘That is correct.’
‘So now I am being subject to bribery?’
‘I wouldn’t put it so crudely.’
‘No, you’d leave that to me.’ 
‘We understand you had no desire to be returned,’ she acknowledged. ‘But we are responsible for you, and we respond to any act of self destruction.’
Roidon looked down at his body mostly concealed by a paper blanket. ‘Well what was that I destroyed?’ he asked rhetorically. ‘It started deceptively real. I felt real, but I bought into the lie of some artificial construct that contained my memories. The concept of self, then, is a rather mercurial one, don’t you think?’
‘We don’t make a value judgement.’
‘No, well I guess it’s especially difficult in my case.’
She stepped towards him; he noticed her perfume and how it aroused him sexually. Ah, the weakness of being human. He had missed that!
‘We have one assignment for you, Roidon,’ she told him. ‘But there is very little time. You will be sent to the Elusiver homeworld, whereupon the necessary information will be downloaded into your mind.’
‘I have an idea of what it will involve.’ He studied her humanoid body concealed within the tight-fitting uniform. ‘So about my side of the deal.’
‘Oh you mean me.’
Roidon simply nodded, and the b’tari woman started to undress.

* * *





85

She had walked for three hours before clearing the burning city. And now into a forest, with still the residual glow and a faint warmth. Ahead there was nothing but darkness and a cold breeze. Her smock felt inadequate, it seemed like some caricature of clothing from Earth’s pre-industrial age. Without an AI and HUD to highlight obstacles if not guide her direction, she felt completely at the mercy of the darkness. The glow from the town had faded, the horizon obscured by trees. Not even any moonlight. She’d often bump into a tree-trunk or stumble over a root. This was true darkness, like the bottom of the ocean. But here there were sounds, a distant howling, a very low rumble that could have been a bear. Any wild animal – albeit simulated – could strike. Would she be viewed as no more than a rogue program within the system? Maybe that was why none of the town’s folk had ventured here. Something was being generated to keep them away, keep them from venturing to the other town. 
Now the sense of being alone was a familiar one. She thought about what it meant to be truly lonely; perhaps it was the point when you yearned to be with someone, anyone, when it takes over your every day existence. When the possibility of being with someone has become an improbability. When you are forever the outsider, not belonging within the world to which you have tried to adapt, but also when you return to your own kind and they no longer see you as one of their own. 
Zoraina reminded herself that this was all a simulation, and imagined her physical self still slumped by the interface port. If her calculations were correct an hour in this realm was about forty seconds in the real (the concept of this time differential had been taken from an incarceration program). Here she could survive for a few days before her oxygen ran out. Never any question of trying to make it to any real place of shelter or comms hub. But in this realm there was always hope of finding someone with a link to the outside world. Anyone who understood the signs, the beginnings of this system’s breakdown must have sought a way to reach the real world instead of regressing to such a primitive coping mechanism.
Eventually a clearing, another city, dotted lights defining high rise buildings surrounded by the dark forms of hills. And no hint of a fire. A faint sense of warmth. Then she no longer felt the breeze on her calves or her arms. Clothes! They had changed to a long sleeve top and leggings. Comfortable cushioned shoes.
Zoraina ran towards the lights. The towers seemed to stretch for hundreds of metres into the starry sky. Elation surged through her for some reason she couldn’t quite explain. Here was hope, though, surely. Here was modernity. Here were people who would understand.
Vehicles raced between tower blocks, a hive of activity even though it was late at night. She had entered a boulevard, there were two figures. She approached them. Just hoping. They looked like any normal couple from contemporary Earth.
‘Excuse me,’ she said in English. ‘I wonder if you can help me.’
‘That depends,’ said the woman, also in English. She looked to be around Zoraina’s apparent age, possibly still the first third of her life.
The man turned towards her. ‘I’m sure we can,’ he said warmly.
‘Well, I’m looking for whoever’s in charge of this city.’ 
‘Why would that be?’ asked the woman emphasizing a sceptical tone.
‘I have some very important information about the future of this planet.’
The man turned back to his partner and sighed. ‘It is her, you know it’s her; she even speaks their language. We might as well inform him.’
Zoraina gave the couple a sideways glance. ‘You know who I am?’ 
The woman nodded with a smile. ‘But of course. You think your presence here had gone unnoticed. Zoraina you are not the only one to have taken an intense interest in Earth.’
‘You’re B’tari?’
The woman raised her hand as if she was about to pat Zoraina on the back. ‘Give the girl a gold star,’ she intoned. ‘Yes we’re B’tari. This is our new sanctuary – away from the Kintra-machines and out of sight of the ever-seeing Elusivers.’
‘I wouldn’t be so sure about that,’ the man said.
‘But of course we are not really here,’ the woman continued, as if the man hadn’t spoken. ‘Our bodies are hooked in in much the same way as yours. Anyway, we know of your work. Your input will be most useful here.’
‘Input?’
‘Have you heard the tale of Noah and the ark?’
‘Human-Christian fable; saving two of each species from a flood.’
‘Well, not every species; though far more than two. Some who would have caused utter mayhem and death … but that’s off the point.’
‘Are there any humans alive?’
‘Yes, we have them in our city.’
‘But the vast majority in this realm are just mind-captures,’ Zoraina observed.
‘Unfortunately we can do nothing for them. Most are too unstable, their mind-states degraded.’ 
Zoraina wanted to ask more about this curious Ark project but now both seemed to be distracted, deep in concentration.
Finally the woman said, ‘He will see you now.’ 

* * *





86

‘You are Torbin Lyndau. Correct?’ Just a dark spindly form within the light.
‘Correct.’
‘Your purpose here?’
Torbin tried to focus on the creature, but the bright light made it difficult.
‘Why did you come here?’ it persisted.
‘To find sanctuary.’ It was the first answer to come into his head.
‘From the Kintra?’
‘Yes.’
‘Or from temporal erasure?’
Torbin considered lying but somehow knew that these beings would not be fooled, and that they already knew exactly why he was here. He replied, ‘I want to escape having my existence eradicated.’  
‘Then you have wasted your effort.’ Still spoken in monotones.
‘There seemed to be no alternative,’ he admitted.
‘Humans afraid of death, afraid of not being.’
‘And you aren’t?’
‘We have to remain to rebuild the galaxy.’
Torbin nodded. ‘Of course. I understand that. It’s what gods do.’
The Elusiver moved in closer. ‘We are not gods, Torbin, we are just more highly evolved than any other species.’
‘Look, I understand you believe this is the only way to eradicate the Kintra. But won’t you find this galaxy considerably less interesting with only apes as the most evolved species?’
‘The device may not wipe more than a millennium.’
The memory had surfaced, implanted from his sim clone, there when he most needed it. ‘I know that on a large scale it’s impossible to be more precise than a million years.’
‘We have refined the original model.’
‘Even so, you’ll wipe out all that cultural development and technology.’
‘We will retain the memory of it, for what it’s worth.’
‘The Earth sim, you mean? If anyone has the complete memory it is the Kintra.’
‘Yes, the Kintra haven’t left much but the memory of civilization If there are any humans or other advanced sentients still alive we have failed to detect them.’
‘I don’t believe they’ve all been processed into data.’
‘Believe what you wish, it will not change the outcome.’ The Elusiver backed away into the light.
Torbin found he could get up. It was only then he became aware of the wristband. Did it mean he had entered their altered time frame? ‘Wait,’ he said. ‘You have underestimated the Kintra, they have assimilated enough from the temporal device to know how to resist it. You’ll have to modify it. I can help. I can be useful.’
The Elusiver stopped retreating, its silhouette turned half round. ‘That is a presumptuous claim, Torbin Lyndau. We have captured a Kintra. They are not without limitations.’
‘If they know you’ve got one of their own, they will have to upgrade or kill you before their technology can be utilized’
‘Your logic is accepted. You may stay on a provisional basis.’ A swipe of the air with a long-fingered hand, an indication to follow. ‘This way please.’ The gangly Elusiver led Torbin to the place he had observed. The metal arachnid was still hooked up with various cables but now much of its innards had been dissected revealing something that surprised Torbin. Something wet, ridged and blancmange-like amid the complex circuitry. 
‘Is that a brain?’ he asked the Elusiver who was now accompanied by another in a white (clean-room) bunny suit.
The other one acknowledged Torbin’s question with a look and a slight nod. ‘It is a recent development,’ that one said. ‘Although it appears counter-intuitive, it is but one adaptation – we suspect in order to comprehend biological intelligence.’
Torbin considered the irony of such a development. ‘Would that qualify it as being sentient?’
‘That’s a moot point, depending on your definition of sentience. It certainly has intelligence on a par with even our own. Currently we are trying to determine how much influence the biological component has over the artificial.’
‘Can they procreate?’ Torbin asked.
‘We believe so, but not through sex. There appears, however, to be a form of genetic code passed on, or at least a component of the code set.’
Torbin stepped in closer towards the spider. It was then he noticed it was still functioning, at least on some level: one of its legs twitched, a metal eyelid receded to reveal an obsidian orb.
‘It’s aware,’ he said more as a thought out loud.
‘We preserved its neural function in order to run comprehensive tests.’
‘Is it suffering?’
‘We do not know, since we cannot risk allowing it into our time frame.’
‘Why not enter into its time frame?’
The original Elusiver gave what he was sure to be a sigh of despair, somewhat muted, as if Torbin were some remedial pupil asking one too many irrelevant questions of an impatient tutor. 
‘It would be more logical for you to do so,’ that one suggested.
Torbin considered this; the words ‘I can be useful’ rang in his head, desperate to get out. 
The one in the bunny suit turned to face him, and said, ‘A neural interface would provide a most valuable insight.’
‘All right. All right.’ He spat the words out, teeth gritted. ‘Whatever it takes.’
It seemed they were prepared to do just that. He was instructed to sit on a couch that adjusted perfectly to his form so he felt almost weightless. The bunny-suited one pressed something on Torbin’s wristband, and immediately the creature jerked about becoming a blur of activity in the background. 
A moment of disorientation followed, a shift of surrounding forms, a change in perspective, before the notion of Torbin Lyndau as a separate entity became an irrelevance. There was something far more profound now, but also deeply sorrowful – as the room iridesced and the pain became all-consuming.

* * *





87

Roidon observed what at first seemed impossible, then incredible. 
The wrecked corpses of more than a thousand ships orbited the Elusiver homeworld; jagged forms dark against the deep blue and browns of continents that could have been either side. But also parts of Kintra soldiers: a dome head, a thorax, a leg and head parts. He imagined they had tried to escape but were targeted in the process. Kintra defeated? No, not so easily, even by the Elusivers. Perhaps they only wanted it to appear that way. But there was one object intact that stood out amongst the wreckage, and it approached his ship. It appeared in his 180degree view exactly eye level. Then it simply disappeared, whether becoming invisible or moving too quickly to perceive; he did not know.
‘Ship, what was that?’
‘An observation probe. Non hostile.’
‘B’tari?’
‘Cannot confirm.’
It figured. They’d been keeping an eye on the Elusiver homeworld. They never failed to be across anything. 
It was a world not dissimilar to Earth. Even the Elusivers had once families, close ones they loved, partners, pets. Maybe they still had, sheltering somewhere; all weaknesses to the enemy. In a war of attrition can any side afford sentiment? It suited the Elusivers to maintain their god-like status, and they were still something of a mystery – their moral complexity seemed beyond his let alone the Kintra’s. But no advanced species can remain the same and survive. No perspective on reality can be unchanging and continually successful. Roidon felt (especially in times like this, regardless of being in a fully biological form) that he was somewhere between the two sides: the sentient without a natural origin, without ancestry, without a close connection to any other. Without – and this he could never declare to another being – love. How easy it was to seek out others to exploit for personal gain and simple pleasure, and be lost in that pursuit, rationalising it as all just more experience to be banked. How morally certain it seems to acquire knowledge at any cost; the most useful currency anywhere. But so easily misspent.  
Yet war, he reflected, changes everything, resets the parameters, kills knowledge. Or at least distorts it. But any consequence of this latest battle was incidental to what might soon happen.
Roidon, as instructed – that is, he reminded himself, provisionally playing along with his latest assign role – headed down towards the heat signature. His small craft, adept as any shuttle, touched down on the barren land. 
His “encounter” suit was something new. It was essentially invisible, only perhaps the faint outline of a helmet bubble. Otherwise he was dressed in his preferred black jacket and jeans (a style dating back centuries, which seemed to baffle the B’tari given the availability of smart materials, but at least this made him appear even less of a threat if no less eccentric). The feed into his retina was telling him the levels of radiation and neuro toxins were nothing short of instantly lethal. A small tab attached to his belt fed through the location of the signature.
Once there, he received the next instruction. FIND PRE-EXCAVATED HOLE, THEN JUMP THROUGH.
Much of the land was scorched, but there was a patch that appeared disturbed. He pushed at it causing the soil to cave in.
RECOMMEND INCREASING FIELD STRENGTH. Now the loose earth simply fell away from his hand. He found the best technique was a swimming motion, pushing away the material that refilled the tunnel, dug by? An ally, or just a Kintra drone on a reccee. There was still resistance; it felt like treacle, and became tiring after a few minutes. Until eventually he reached a stable tunnel, the slope so sharp he could literally jump through it. Within seconds his suit glowed vermilion. The speed too much to contemplate.
Then, after a free-fall that seemed to last hours, light. He was through into a sparse-looking hanger. And there, surrounding a cone-like device, were three metal arachnids apparently frozen in time.
‘What now?’ he asked the indeterminate AI.
APPROACH DEVICE. SWITCHING TO FIELD STATE 4 DELTA. Delta? Never mind, Roidon. Just be the obedient grunt now.
He got right up to it, and felt a modicum of surprise but far greater relief that he felt no physical effect. Even the Kintra continued to be held in their relatively temporally frozen state.
LOCATE INTERFACE MODULE ON RIGHT OF BELT, DETACH, ACTIVATE FUSION MODE BY COMPRESSING LONG EDGES, THEN PLACE ON TEMPORAL DEVICE. 
The module was no bigger than his thumb and about a centimetre in depth. He did as instructed. He was told nothing beyond those instructions. Would it simply retrieve data to then be passed on for analysis?
No. Something much more. He felt the connection: a surge of comprehension; a pressure in his head. A physical paralysis.
Then he saw it – the universe. An acute awareness, as if he had returned to his AI overseer role. Yet even just a cursory reflection to realise what a pale representation of this experience. Here his mind felt limitless, a not unfamiliar feeling even as a man, but only enraptured of certain mind-altering stimulants. Not a drug-like high here, his mind totally clear. To see all life, to know every planet, every civilisation, their lives oblivious to the oncoming threat. The banality of ordinary living, that he would now embrace. Blissful ignorance. Then the worlds under the control of the Kintra. No emotional impact: a memory being replayed from the perspective of one of them here, the temporal device as much connected to them as to him. The mindless brutality of assimilation? No, he thought, not mindless but with a calculated purpose, a philosophy even. A logic within it that Roidon had no desire to unravel.
Now the conflict above this world. Hundreds, thousands of Kintra craft and individual soldiers eliminated without a sense of even a tactical retreat. They were many, they vastly outnumbered the Elusivers. Yet Elusivers still died, certainly in hundreds if not thousands, despite their caution. Deaths felt bitterly, seen through their eyes. The contrast could not have been starker. 
But now, here, this entity at the centre of it all. More than the most sophisticated machine, greater than any known sentience. It understood – in a way that Roidon knew he would never be able to convey in any of the eighteen languages he spoke, or even a combination of them. Instead, he had but an inkling of that comprehension. It was both a relief and a revelation. All this time he thought he had a good sense of the universe, but all those years of being flesh and blood had obscured reality, or at least filtered it down to the personal, the self-serving, how it relates to his life – his survival. So confined his perception had been; the mind, the body, how they can fool you into thinking you’re getting a true picture. And mistaking having learnt of such limitations for wisdom. Now: there was no Roidon Chanley the individual, the question of such an individual even existing seemed meaningless, there was just the universe and all its components; collections of atoms. A liberation in being part of a bigger system. 
Then the connection ended – so abruptly, and Roidon felt numb to his core. An organic body heavy lump within the suit. But it was just a readjustment, he tried to reassure himself. The suit was still protecting him from the immense forces. He pushed himself away from its locality. The weight of his torso causing his legs buckle, as the suit relented it protection field. 
So alone, so longing, came the unbidden thought. 
‘Get a grip, Roidon,’ he told himself.
He stepped further back and observed the device, with the metal spiders still trapped in temporal limbo. This was nothing like the original design his clone had created – a device to serve the single purpose of erasing time. Were the Elusivers trying to create a god, something that would act for itself: the ultimate moral agent?  
Another instruction: RETURN TO SHIP.
‘How?’ he asked it. ‘You expect me to fly?’ There were no other craft in this hanger. Was it expected there would be? 
He searched around, instructed his suit to scan for thermal or magnetic variations along the hanger walls. It vectored in on one area to the side. If not a door then a weak spot. When he got to it, he pushed in futile hope. Then, increasing disrupter field to maximum, something started to give.

* * *





88

‘I understand you must be concerned about your body in the tunnel network,’ the elder – in his white robe – said to her. ‘We have sent out a drone to locate it.’ 
Curious to think of her body as an it, not just like some separate entity but as a thing – a consciousness conveying machine. ‘Thank you,’ she said. ‘But what happens when I’m disconnected, and where will I be taken?’ 
‘You will be unconscious. Then ... well, that is your choice.’
‘I want to connect with survivors on the outside.’
The elder raised his head to the ceiling as white as his robe. ‘As far as we know there are none. Much of the planet has been irradiated.’
‘As far as you know? I want to search for myself.’
‘We cannot provide you with the means. We are not the B’tari that you remember but a beleaguered race.’
Zoraina found herself smiling. The idea of her people no longer in a position of power was absurd. ‘The B’tari always have a way of escaping hardship,’ she said. 
The elder waved his hand, then a map appeared of Earth, floating semi opaque before her. He made an expansive gesture causing the image to zoom in to the Amazon region, a burnt forest. Then rushing along, just above ground level. There were no signs of life, but the sky was blue. 
‘They annihilated everything they could not assimilate,’ said the elder. ‘It’s what you call a scorched earth tactic. Just to ensure no life could survive, at least in the long term. We did rescue some people and even their pets, then connected them to the network.’
The entire network of tunnels and holding compounds became visible in the now translucent ground. She was surprised at how two billion people could occupy such a small proportion of the planet, but when she saw the rows of pods lay side by side it made perfect sense.
‘Do the Kintra know what you did, know you’ve taken control?’ Zoraina asked.
‘Quite possibly. But it seems … now what’s the expression … they have bigger fish to fry.’
‘The Elusivers.’
‘Remember the Kintras’ original objective was to assimilate all biological forms to be held as data. The Elusivers did what they do best, what we were once past masters at – Elude. And, benighted themselves, they would have stayed hidden waiting for a right moment to return but for our interventions.’
‘Except they were already communicating with people on earth, assisting them.’
‘Yet we don’t know if they were seriously planning a return. Maybe in extremis. But you see, what happened to humans subsequently – providing them, albeit their converted form, some kind of life – was not an act of benevolence by the Kintra, it was a calculated move to avoid precipitating the wrath of those who believe they could fight them. Only, they miscalculated.’
‘Did we ever have a chance against them?’
‘Zoraina, we are not a warrior race. They are so many, and they are unafraid of being destroyed so long as their command structure survives … and their knowledge.’
‘But when they headed for our home world, did the inhabitants escape, or did they try to defend themselves?’
‘We escaped before they were even within visual range. Those who stayed … to be honest I do not know. I can only hope. It would be more sensible to self-annihilate than leave any technological traces or even knowledge.’
‘I want to go back,’ Zoraina said. ‘Just to see if there is anything left.’
‘B’tar is six point two thousand light years away. Our ships are damaged or have been disassembled for their components.’
‘What about mine?’
‘Yours?’
‘My ship at the ocean floor.’
‘We have still to recover that. But I advise you not to raise your hopes of it ever being repaired; the pressure from---.’
The room blanked for what seemed like a second. Only, now, there was someone else standing before her. ‘What happened?’ she asked.
‘The drone has reached you in the tunnel and is in the process of disconnecting you,’ the medic said. ‘You will again lose consciousness any moment.’
The room blanked again, came back with others around. Then once more, and she was on a bed. A few seconds later... 
89

They stood around him. But they were different. It was not merely that they were in some kind of bunny-suit costume (as if he were contaminated). He saw detail on their face that he had never before seen, magnified to reveal tracks of lines and etched in violets. It was not real time, he understood, but in his memory, as if he had taken a snap shot image. As he pulled his sight back Torbin became aware of a faint glow surrounding each of them, which at times blended with others as they darted about.
One of the Elusivers stepped forward carrying a silver probe, its end glowing blue. The probe he felt pressed somewhere between his eyes. As the pain intensified, the environment took on a watery quality, the figures flowing about sinuously. The pain was mercifully brief, the probe retracted; perhaps they knew he could not tolerate it. The effect of them racing around him in their time frame, gave a sense of dissociation but also – from his complete inability to interact – an utter vulnerability.  
Even the pain he had experienced initially hardly compared with this new level of suffering. Thankfully because of the time differential it only lasted subjectively a few seconds. Afterwards there was a blissful lull. The beings retreated out of sight. Still total silence. 
Who am I? It was such a simple question that only now occurred to him. He was no longer Torbin but was neither a Kintra. He tried to remember the time he’d been in the shell of one; only that was a subsentient drone. This was something altogether different. There was a formidable intelligence; he sensed it as a presence, a tsunami, gradually breaking through a dam into his mind. The thing that remained of Torbin, he now thought of as the yoke and white of an egg, an egg that was beginning to crack. He was starting to remember things from his past, before even the capture. Another life of Torbin Lyndau the physicist; Torbin the man who helped to prevent the erasure. And by default became an ally of the Kintra before he really knew who they were; who utilized their technology to prevent the Elusivers. Torbin the man who enabled the rise of the Kintra. He could see the damning judgement. Indisputable, irrefutable, irreversible. The clarity of that memory, and the certainty of actions, because what could be worse than erasing time itself, of history? 
Here was worse; the inconceivable, the unconscionable. Here today.
An Elusiver was suddenly before him. A high pitched buzzing emanated from the being. Saying something, but too quick. No, he was replaying it, slowing it down. 
‘Rejoin,’ he heard. ‘You must rejoin the others. This will be your atonement.’
What am I to do then? But Torbin no longer had the facility of speech.
‘Sacrifice,’ the elusiver had seemed to answer.
Now he was being moved. The room swirled about, a random juddering of geometric shapes. It was happening so quickly. They were putting him into what he understood to be a shuttle pod. He tried to communicate. But I can help, I can be useful. To no avail.
He was leaving the planet. No sensation of g but he knew he was ascending rapidly. He was soon amongst the stars. For a while he thought about his past, he thought about Emelda and the life he could have had. Yet, what were regrets worth now? They were the dying embers of a man with no options. 
‘You must let go.’ The voice was so brittle and cold, he knew it was the Kintra half.
So you can take over my mind?
‘There is no mind but ours. You must let go and I will absorb you, and we will become part of the collective.’
No, Torbin protested. Feeling there was still something worth fighting for.
The pod burst apart. He, they, were floating in space.
‘There is not long,’ the voice told him. ‘Soon they will be here.’
Already he could see them approach, as dots to rapidly become recognizably the arachnid forms of the Kintra.
‘Let go now,’ it demanded.
Why? What are you afraid of?
‘Let go, or we will die.’
‘No,’ he thought he said.
Now he knew, now they were here, surrounding him, welcoming him back into the fold.
‘You must let go or we will die,’ the Kintra half repeated
They’ve rigged something to go off. And I have to keep control to allow it.
‘Danger. Disperse.’ That was meant for the others.
Too late, for them, for him. 
No pain, just a blissful white.




Part Twelve: Eluding the Wave
90

Under the ground, Roidon heard the faint sound of an explosion, felt a gentle shudder through his feet. He requested a remote visual link with his ship. The image sent to his brain was very lo-res and kept breaking up. Unsurprising given how far underground he was and the forces generated from the device; just enough to make out their arachnid forms but still no less menacing for the way they curled and uncurled their legs, as if psyching themselves up for more aggression. There were, he counted, no more than a dozen spiders hovering above the surface. Initially it seemed they would target his craft, they were very near, but either the stealth (chameleon) field had fooled them or they simply saw no logic in expending energy for something that wasn’t a threat. 
Presently, they were targeting the surface, and moving nearer to above his location. If these were the remaining Kintra, rather than preserve firepower for defence they were opting for full-on attack. Any other advanced species would retreat, re-group and rebuild their resources; the Elusivers could surely take them out with one missile. So why risk attacking from so close? Maybe they deduced these were end times – a last desperate bid to stop the inevitable. Only they were not above the device; and besides, this compound was so far below surface it must surely be invulnerable to even their firepower. 
Were they trying to create another tunnel? A rescue mission for their three compatriots? Then they were like flies to a trap, ironically. Unless... As he walked through the doorway his signal broke off.
Bathed in infra-red, a tunnel stretched before him. Seemingly endless, he broke into a run; the suit assisted, accelerating him to thirty-five kilometres per hour. The rumbling became more pronounced, in feeling and sound. The suit was giving him some information. A heat source ahead, no more than a tiny fraction of a degree different. Yet he felt as if he was running into a trap, like a scared rat following its instinct to run away from the perceived threat only to be heading for something even worse. Still, there was something in the fear, the very exhilaration of it that made him feel more alive than he had felt for some time. Back to the essential fight or flight. Thoughts racing. Pure, base human. Anything beat the notion that nothing much was going to change, or that life would in any way be predictable. Being on the edge of death; it was what any de facto immortal yearned for, what countless humans had sought when they considered the prospect of centuries of a comfortable life ... until death itself was obviated by not actually being alive. No. The uploaded, the virtual life, was the illusion that could lead to only one outcome: insanity.
Then fear was generally a good thing, fear meant having something precious to lose. Roidon nevertheless dismissed the fear, wiped it away like it was some imposed belief from a paternal authority. Not complying with its genetic imperative that kept countless humans from dying on the Savannah. Here he was running from one nemesis to another; nothing could change the reality of that. 
But it didn’t matter.
The faint heat source led to a door. It opened with ease. The light dazzled, the suit for some reason had decided to let his eyes adjust. He was inside a large white room, austere except for the lab equipment surrounding a black mirrored dome structure. This was their secret. Roidon allowed himself the brief childish thought of how pleased the B’tari would be that he’d recorded their secret project.
There was movement. Initially it appeared as grey streaks varying in intensity. It took a few seconds before what he saw could be processed. Perhaps his own perception now adjusting to see the blur of the creatures, or they were slowing – because of him. His suit replayed sections in his time frame; two of the Elusivers had been making modifications to the dome, another sat behind a console. The replay, of course, was way too late to act upon. Now he felt something pulling at him. His ‘intelligent’ suit naturally reacted by creating a repulsion field.
‘Danger to field integrity,’ the suit warned him. ‘Recommend vacating area.’
‘Can’t you create a high amp electrical field discharge?’
‘Not programmed to threaten life unless imminent danger of your own death. Will take evasive action. Stand by.’
Roidon felt himself being carried along, and periodically stopped by what ever these creatures were doing to prevent him. He replayed the previous minute. They had on wristbands. If I could get one of those ... The suit, in its juddering way, took him into another room.
‘Thermal signature detected,’ it informed him. ‘Possible human approximately thirty-five metres away. Do you wish to be taken to source?’
‘Yes, take me there. No. Wait.’ 
They had to be formulating some way to stop him. No, they would have done so had they wanted. Or just trying to make him think they couldn’t. That room had to be a trap. But what alternative? Just exit, and never know? … If he’d even be allowed to. Then only to face a more malevolent adversary.
A swirling cloud of Elusivers surrounded him as if thousands of insects were acting as one.
‘Suit, take me through to that room. Assume maximum risk upon entering, and alert me to any lifeforms following.’
‘Can make assumption. However, more useful if you could specify possible threat.’
‘Something that would kill someone unprotected. An explosion.’
‘Acknowledged.’
‘Return motor control.’ 
It complied.
Through another corridor. No one followed. A bad sign. The only reasoning he had to work with: how much do the Elusivers want me eliminated? 
The heat source just on the other side of that wall. A door slid aside obligingly. The room was in near total darkness; the suit enhanced what light there was to reveal the figure on the couch, arms and legs bounded, a metal cantilevered arm above with a pointed instrument Roidon suspected was a laser scalpel. It was situated above the man’s head – that is, a head with a brain exposed. Roidon recognized the man: Torbin Lyndau. 
‘You’re not looking so good, fella,’ he remarked to the apparently unconscious Torbin. At least the man was still breathing.
A console to the side was displaying an array of symbols that made no sense to Roidon, presumably attached remotely.
‘Suit, can you tell me that man’s current condition – in brief?’ 
‘Affirmative. Unconscious. Brain function minimal. No damage detected, however.’
Why did they allow Torbin to live when he had clearly fulfilled his purpose, left here in limbo? It was the curious thing about the Elusivers – they valued biological life more than did humans or even the B’tari, at least the preservation of it. 
The ground shuddered. A Kintra attack from above the kilometres of rock and metal and whatever other hard surface that they could surely penetrate. The Kintra wouldn’t come down here, he surmised. They’d sacrifice the few who were trapped near the erasure device. Eventually it would be destroyed.
The only trap here was that he’d face death upon leaving. And when the acknowledgement finally came that now, here, there was no escape, he asked the suit to deactivate its protection field. 
He lifted Torbin from the couch; an exposed brain wobbled jelly-like in his skull; monitors in the background giving some kind of stress warning. There was no time to consider any damage moving him would cause. Nonetheless he carried Torbin upright, the suit’s upper section locking to prevent fatigue and allowing him to run unencumbered. He left the room, into the corridor, prepared to be at the mercy of the Elusivers. 
But there was no sign of them. 
Except, on the ground, the open clam of a wristband, looking like it had been hastily discarded. He placed Torbin down as if he were a rag doll, and snapped on the wristband without hesitation. It instantly projected into his eyes an array of symbols that meant nothing. Yet he felt something in his environment change. It was the ambient light flickering. And the air was difficult to breath initially before the suit compensated. He knew exactly where the Elusivers had gone. He picked up Torbin and headed towards the dome. Surprisingly even at this accelerated rate he could walk normally, suggesting the temporal field extended a little way beyond his body. Nevertheless he employed the suit to give him even more speed.
Once at the dome, he found it seemingly impenetrable; no entry point visible – protection against invaders. Accepting that, without time to brood, he made for the the erasure device. On the way, he remembered the data he had collected via the suit’s sensors. He ordered it to be transmitted, and continue also with whatever else was recorded. Even in this speeded up form the B’tari should be able to interpret it … that is if it ever made it through their relay grid ... if that was even still in place.  
The Kintra soldiers were still caught around the device, as if no discernible time had passed for them. The device itself was vibrating at a speed he could just about detect now. But as he moved in towards it the suit bleeped in his ear a warning notification. Then the suit informed him: ‘Graviton inversion field increase detected.’
‘So it’s too late? It’s powering up?’
‘Affirmative.’
Without time to consider the consequences Roidon – aided by the suit, and still holding Torbin – forced himself backwards against the device.
‘Warning! Electrical overload.’
Roidon felt his arm being attracted to the erasure device. He pressed the release on the wristband, seeing it smash against the device and spark to destruction.  
Roidon’s vision became fuzzy. He felt alive in the very intense way he knew prefigured an end: a rare and precious moment of being right on the edge of – well, not even death. Something more profound, surely. He wanted to hold this moment, wishing time could truly be halted. Perhaps to an observer it would seem to be so. To him, it was to happen all too quickly. No one other than those remaining Kintra could ever witness this. No information would get beyond here. 
Hardly time to reflect on his life, yet he felt the need to make some mental valediction. Really just time for these last and perhaps futile words: 
‘Will you save me?’

* * *






91

A drone was leading Zoraina towards the immersion bay to be ‘properly connected back into the grid’ when it stopped in its tracks, turning about to face her.
‘Relayed message from central command,’ the drone announced: “All B’tari personnel are to convene in the main hall immediately.”’ The relayed voice had an air of paternal authority, a commander. This had to be a very serious matter.
‘Some emergency?’ she queried.
‘Affirmative,’ it answered. ‘Now please follow me.’
The hall was even vaster than she expected, and already half full. There must have been over three hundred tables and a thousand chairs but not anywhere near enough to accommodate this number of folk. The air of panic was tangible; some of them appeared dazed, and generally ill, helped in their faltering steps by biped service drones, no doubt just emerged from immersion.
The beetle drone had led Zoraina to an empty area then told her to await further instructions. Others were crowding around her now, distinctly B’tari with their ridged foreheads and scaly skin – no Earth adapters here, yet they hardly even seemed to notice her totally human appearance. Maybe there were humans about, the few survivors now subsumed within the crowd. Such self-consciousness suddenly felt utterly foolish. Maybe it occurred to them what had now dawned on her.
Eventually, when the hall was packed with what must have been at least twenty thousand B’tari, a voice boomed out from some hidden loudspeaker.
‘All those from the B’tar,’ the same authoritative voice said in her native language, ‘and our human brethren. I first bring you good news; most of our enemy, the Kintra, have been wiped from existence. But the force that resulted in their eradication is now heading our way. Time itself is about to end. A decade of war and the oppression of the invading machines has led to this. It pains me to inform you that there is no escape.’  
A rumbling of dismay amongst the crowd. Then a voice above the din. ‘But we are B’tari,’ said a youth in B’tar language. ‘We know how to survive. We have ships, we can escape.’ Zoraina was sure he voiced what most of them felt, but like her they feared what the response might be.
‘We have but a few remaining in operation,’ the patriarch said. ‘But there are twelve thousand of us biological sentients; total capacity of the ships will only be enough for ten percent – at the most.’
‘Then some get to escape?’ said the youth.
‘I have already considered that. The only fair solution is to select at random. But be aware that even those chosen will not stand much of a chance.’
Several voices were raised now and she struggled to distinguish one amongst them.
‘Silence please,’ a mature female said, amplified, having some muting effect. ‘The chosen names will be read out from a randomly generated list. More will be announced than there is capacity, in anticipation that some will not wish to leave without their family.’
Somewhat inevitably voices were raised again. Zoraina wondered whether it would have been better to announce fewer than the number of places. This entire situation seemed so ad hoc, chaotic, so un-B’tari-like. The B’tari were masters of the long game, and this game seemed to have no conceivable conclusion that would restore things to anything like a comfortable state. Not that many here would accept that. Most were refugees from the outpost she had occupied. The escaping ships would presumably travel in hyperspace mode; the eradication wave itself spreading faster than light. But eventually power would run down, and with no remaining outposts they would only be bought more time. Time for what? To further contemplate the end? Perhaps it was possible to reach B’tar before the wave, but the whole planet – or technological life on it – may have already been destroyed if not converted by the Kintra; it was not as if the B’tari were somehow incidental in this war. Yet, she reflected, you always grabbed on to whatever scintilla of hope remained, it was a trait that all sentient species shared. After all, a strong sense of realism would only lead to giving up, and surely throughout evolution it was always those optimists who survived against all odds.    
Zoraina decided she wasn’t going to wait on the unlikely chance her name would be called, so she barged her way past the tumultuous crowd and exited the hall.
It was only a few seconds before the drone caught up with her.  ‘Mahem Zardor,’ it said. ‘Why did you leave the conference?’
‘Because I don’t accept what was being proposed.’
It manoeuvred in front of her and stopped. ‘Then what do you intend to do?’
‘I want to talk to my commander.’
‘I can put you through from this location.’
‘You can?’ She wondered how he could simply be available for her call, as if she had some kind of special privilege. 
‘Please wait. Patching you through.’
‘Yes, what is it?’ came the gruff and inevitably irascible voice of her commander.
‘It’s Zoraina,’ she said, realizing he must already know that. ‘I want to know if my ship has been repaired.’
A silence for a while. Maybe an impertinent request. Then: ‘Well, the technical crew recovered the vessel. Elusiver technology has certain self-repair capability. The upshot is, Zoraina, it is likely to be space worthy but because it isn’t B’tari it’s not listed on our official inventory.’
‘So it’s available and I can take it?’
‘Don’t think I haven’t already considered such a request---’
‘Can I take it?’
‘Yes you have a right to it, but---’
‘It may be too late, I know. The drone will escort me there now, won’t you?’ It looked at her motionless for a few seconds, doubtless processing the validity of her request.
‘That is acceptable,’ it finally said, and scuttled along the corridor at a fast walking pace. 

* * *





92

A bright light, he had to turn away from. Birds tweeting that meant nothing for the first few seconds. Just a cacophony. Movement above him, as they flew away. Reacting to him. 
Why, he thought, what am I to them?
Me? Who? That didn’t matter much for now. He felt uncomfortable all of a sudden. The ground was hard but not rocky. Grass, bracken beneath his head. He sat up. A small animal with a bushy tail ran off to climb a tree. 
‘Hello. How did I get here?’ someone said. 
He looked in the direction of the man’s voice. He also seemed to be in the same predicament. The man stood, noticed him.
‘Torbin. This is quite remarkable.’
Yes, that was right. It was his name. But he didn’t recognize the man, yet there was something oddly familiar about him. 
‘Do I know you?’ Torbin asked.
‘You probably don’t remember me. I’m Roidon Chanley, and it seems I saved your life.’
‘Where is this?’
‘More to the point, when is this?’
‘The day, the month, I don’t know,’ Torbin admitted. ‘But I think the year is twenty-two seventy eight.’
The man nodded. ‘Yes your life does go back a long way, for a human, and you look noticeably younger.’
‘Do I really?’ Something quite odd about this man, he thought.
‘You should be glad, all things considered.’ He then raised his head to peer at the mostly blue sky. A smile formed, the beginnings of a nod. ‘It may be we were granted special dispensation. Or: the field array affected us differently being so close to the device.’
‘What are you talking about?’
He looked thoughtful. ‘Yes, curious that I do remember. Maybe it does truly have sentience and it ensured I remembered. Trust those Elusivers to create something worthy of their power.’
‘I really need to get home now,’ Torbin insisted. 
‘And where would that be?’
Torbin felt annoyed that he didn’t have an answer; it was as if Roidon was trying to catch him out and prove a point. He thought to say: That’s not your business to know. But he really didn’t remember, absurdly it seemed. A sudden hollow feeling, a gap where... Home: it was just a basic requirement. Home must have the answer.
Roidon nodded once more, it was becoming an irritating gesture. ‘So you don’t remember, do you?’ This time, though, a more earnest tone in his voice.
‘What’s happening. Why are we here?’ Torbin found himself saying.
‘I’m not clear on that. We need to make a move though, find some clue.’ He began walking, waved for Torbin to follow. 
The woods led to a clearing and then a road. An dull silver oval shaped object farther along. Roidon started running towards it. Torbin this time felt instinctively that he should follow and keep pace.
The object had become a vehicle of some sort, or maybe more than mere terrestrial transport with its protruding nacelles like giant exhausts. Roidon was moving his hands over its rounded and pointed shell as if performing some mystic ritual. There seemed to be no obvious hatch. But then a top section slid away.
Roidon looked back at Torbin. ‘I suggest you get in,’ he said.
The interior seemed deceptively spacious: two broad and comfortable seats. Roidon was studying a fixed instrument panel. ‘Mnn. Does look like twenty-third century tech,’ he murmured, nodding again. ‘Okay. Computer: take us up.’
A heads-up display suddenly appeared, then a synth voice. ‘Please specify.’
‘Five thousand metres.’
‘Acknowledged.’
As it ascended, the base of the craft became transparent; a slightly unnerving feeling. There were mountains in the distance. Before them he noticed a cluster of buildings.’
‘Looks like a town to me,’ Roidon observed, as the craft maintained its fixed altitude. ‘Computer. Where is this?’
‘Vancouver, Canada.’
‘Thought as much.’ Roidon then looked over at Torbin. ‘Well, that looks like our best bet. What do you think?’
‘It’s not home.’ Still that basic need.
‘Home, my friend, is a nebulous concept right now. Maybe you will find links to your past, or make a new life for yourself.’
‘What about you?’
‘Oh, don’t worry about me. I always find my way.’ 

* * *





93

In normal space now, the stars had a beauty about them she had never fully appreciated before. Here in space through the half-dome transparency of the Elusiver ship, it felt like each one was uniquely special. All those points of light with their potential for life; their associated planet systems, many that never had long enough or the serendipity. One, ninety-four light years away the ship identified and tagged by its atmospheric signature. It was perfect for life to develop and advance. And what if it had? There was a good chance the Kintra had never reached that far out, but the temporal eradication wave would. There seemed little chance that beings even as advanced as Earth (pre-invasion) would have detected the wave. Only B’tari tech could detect the subtle changes – the gravametric distortions, and consequent regression of a star by whatever fraction of its lifetime – until of course it was too late, when nearby planets showed the more obvious signs of reverting back millions of years. When it got to the stage you could see the effect on planets. 
Well, without any kind of hyperspace capability – forget it! Make your peace. But it was likely to be sudden, a superluminal tsunami.  
So what could she do? 
Zoraina was one of the first to leave Earth, in a starship as good as the best B’tari craft. Not that she felt good about having this advantage. But it was hers to claim. Except that being able to get a safe distance (if only temporarily) only made her feel a sense of responsibility. Could she visit any of those worlds; warn its inhabitants; transmit every bit of technical knowledge held in the ship’s database? In this quadrant they had no more than weeks to prepare (if the rate of eradicated beacons were anything to go by). Maybe possible. There was always a possibility. But there were so many worlds, out here – eleven thousand light years from her homeworld – not yet identified. Trying to save the ones nearer the wave might be a waste of time. The outer worlds?
Zoraina told the ship jump to the nearest tagged system. It took her there in only a few minutes. There were signs of life: heat, light, EM emissions, but no orbiting communications technology. Like Earth mid-twentieth century, she thought.
‘I’m so sorry,’ she said, before continuing: ‘Ship. Take me to the next world farther away from the wave.’
The next world was slightly more advanced, had basic communications satellites. 
‘Ship. Transmit warning message followed by all technical data to any capable comm orbital.’ It complied; in less than two minutes this world would have schematics for every ship or device invented by the B’tari. Of course, it was such a wealth of information any civilization at the level of early twenty-first century Earth would struggle to distill anything relevant to finding a way of escape. Certainly with such little time. In any case, given that her own species had failed, it seemed a forlorn hope.
Still, she went on to the next farther out and more advanced world.
Eventually, at somewhere near the edge of the Milky Way galaxy, she was faced with a choice. The Large Magellanic Cloud seemed the safest prospect. But even if she could find enough matter to recharge the engines, even if she stayed mostly in hyperspace, it could mean weeks confined in this small vessel.
So she headed back towards the wave. 
The ship, for all its complexity and knowledge of spacial phenomena, could not identify the wave beyond an unidentified distortion in space. At least it saw better than she could. She told it to enhance the effects, magnify the nearest planets in the immediate path. Now represented as a translucent cerise tide washing over a world not so dissimilar to Earth. That world was the one the ship had identified as having complex life; those beings lives wiped away in an instant, before they even knew what had hit them, and it would be as if they had never existed. Yet from this distance, a few light years away, all she could see was a subtle shift of the continents. She drew some comfort from knowing it had all happened in a fraction of a second; there were certainly many worse ways to die. Even if she stayed here the wave would take her in less than an hour.
But Zoraina had come to a decision. ‘Take me towards the wave.’
She expected the ship to put up some objection, but it said nothing; it simply complied. Perhaps it realized now there was nowhere, realistically, to run. Maybe she could evade the inevitable for weeks or even months, hoping for some intervention from a higher power, be they a god or some undiscovered superior beings. Yet if this Elusiver-tech ship could not detect them then whoever was advanced enough to escape the wave must have already done so.
The ship now overlaid the approaching wave in turquoise. It reminded her of a gentle incoming tide. Zoraina relaxed into her seat feeling a sense of serenity she could never have expected. 
‘Estimate: forty seconds,’ the ship told her. 
One more thing to do, that would use up remaining resources. 
‘Send out superluminal data package. Target all local galaxies.
‘Complying.’
‘Goodbye ship.’
‘Goodbye Zoria...’

The end.




    http://www.adriankyte.com/ 



Also by Adrian Kyte:
The Hidden Realm
Time Over
Worlds Beyond Time




Email: adriankyte@rocketmail.com 
